<doc id="2869146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869146" title="Airton">
Airton

Airton (also known as Airton-in-Craven) is a small village and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England, situated north-west of Skipton. The local travel links are located from the village to Hellifield railway station and to Leeds Bradford International Airport. Also, the local roads link the village to the A65. The village has a population of 175 according to the 2001 Census.
It was known as Airtone in the "Domesday Book". It is in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. Originally a Quaker village, there is no pub in the village. There is still a Quaker meeting house, a squatter's cottage on the village green and an old mill on the River Aire from which the village is named. There is no Post Office in the village, however there is a Farm Shop and Tea Room at Town End Farm on the road to Malham.
The village lies on the main road to the tourist village of Malham. There is a bus stop in the village but no regular bus travel goes through Airton apart from the school buses. 
The Pennine Way passes around the edge of the village, alongside the river.

</doc>
<doc id="2869149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869149" title="Okara, Pakistan">
Okara, Pakistan

Okara (Punjabi, ), is the capital city of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Okara is also known as Mini Lahore. The name Okara is derived from "Okaan", the name of a type of tree. The city is located southwest of the city of Lahore and Faisalabad is 100 km by passing away Ravi River. It is famous for its agriculture-based economy and cotton mills. The nearest major city to Okara is Sahiwal,formerly known as Montgomery. 
Okara has the largest storage capacity in Asia and is a fairly large district in Pakistan in terms of population. There are famous Pakistan military dairy farms, especially famous for their cheese, situated in Okara. These farms are of the pre-partition or British Indian Era. Mitchels farms also are located in the nearest town, Renala Khurd, in the Okara District. Okara's postal code is 56300.
History.
The city is a relatively new agricultural city; during the period of British rule there was a jungle of Okaan where the city has been built, and from this the name of the city was derived. During British rule, the area was part of Montgomery District and contained a large saltpeter refinery. A large number of textile mills are located in Okara. In 1982, the city became the headquarters of the newly created Okara District. Okara has had a railway line since 1892. Okara is famous for its cattle breed known as Sahiwal and a water buffalo breed known as Nili-Ravi. It is very rich in livestock population and production. Livestock Production Research Institute Bahadar Nagar Farm is a very large government farm near Okara. The farm has a large number of cows, buffalo, bulls (for reproduction), goats and sheep. The majority of the population of Okara are Ranghars/Rajputs, Kamboh's, Noon and Arain families. Rao's, Kamboh's, and Mian's are major political hubs in Okara. The top leader and politician in Okara is Rao Sikandar Iqbal who was the former Defence Minister of Pakistan,the other personality of the city is Dr. Liaqat Ali Kausar who is known for his social work for the labour class of the city. Okara city was established in nineteenth(19th) century by British Raj. Okara is beautiful gorgeous city is often called Mini Lahore by tourists. While the towns of Okara are a part of ancient history. According to a tradition there were clumps of “OKAAN” Trees in this place.
Administration.
The city of Okara serves as district and tehsil capital and is itself administratively subdivided into ten Union councils.
Agriculture Specialty.
The city of Okara is renowned in producing of Maze and Potato, Okara is known as Pakistan's largest city for production of these two commodities.

</doc>
<doc id="2869150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869150" title="SERN">
SERN

In rocketry, a SERN, which stands for single expansion ramp nozzle, is a type of physical linear expansion nozzle where the gas pressure transfers work only on one side. Traditional nozzles are axially symmetric, and therefore surround the expanding gas. Linear nozzles are not axially symmetric, but consist of a 2D configuration of two expansion ramps. A SERN could also be seen as a single sided aerospike engine.
Many designs for space planes with scramjet engines make use of SERNs because of the weight reduction at large expansion ratios, or the additional lift at under-expansion. The X-43, a test vehicle in NASA's Hyper-X programme, is a flying example.
One of the practical problems with the use of SERNs is the fact that they produce a pitching moment depending on the throttling of the engine, thereby requiring more control authority of the elevators and more complex control systems etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2869155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869155" title="Bank of Canada Building">
Bank of Canada Building

The Bank of Canada Building, located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, is the head office of the Bank of Canada, 
It was built from 1937-1938 by architect S.G. Davenport of Montréal, Quebec, Canada and completed by the Torontonian firm Marani, Lawson and Morris. 
The Bank of Canada Building replaced the Victoria Building to the east of this building on Wellington Street. 
It is constructed of grey granite from Quebec; and is late neoclassical in style, which was a very popular style at the time for banks.
The Bank of Canada Building won a number of architectural awards, including the Gold Medal from the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada.
The large bronze front doors were designed by Ulysses Ricci of New York, and decorated with facsimiles of Greek coins from the British Museum. The sculptures decorating the front facade were designed by Jacobine Jones, and represent the Canada's seven principal industries at the time: fishing, electricity, mining, agriculture, forestry, manufacturing, and construction. The cornerstone was placed by Prime Minister Mackenzie King and the Bank's first governor, Graham Towers.
Plans for additions in the 1940s and 1950s were scrapped, and while more substantial plans were drafted during the 1960s, construction was delayed due to Ottawa's already-strained construction industry, and only commenced in 1972. The glass structure behind the original 1937 structure was completed in 1979 by the firm Marani Rounthwaite & Dick (successor to Marani, Lawson and Morris) and Arthur Erickson. The building contains an enclosed courtyard with a large tropical garden bordering a shallow pool which is very popular with wedding photographers, and a three-ton Yap Stone.
In 2000, it was named by the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada as one of the top 500 buildings produced in Canada during the last millennium.

</doc>
<doc id="2869158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869158" title="Casuarina, Northern Territory">
Casuarina, Northern Territory

Casuarina is one of the northern suburbs of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
It is home to the largest shopping centre in the Northern Territory, called Casuarina Square. Casuarina is a small suburb taking in the large shopping and business area and the adjoining emergency service facilities/ buildings.
History.
Casuarina derives its suburban name from the casuarina trees that grow along the nearby Casuarina Beach. Casuarina was the name used in the early 1960s for the proposed main business area in the northern suburbs.
Transport.
Casuarina is a base for one of three interchanges for the Darwin bus service which is located at Casuarina Square. 

</doc>
<doc id="2869163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869163" title="Airy Castle">
Airy Castle

Airy Castle is a village in the Jamaican parish of Saint Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="2869164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869164" title="Falkland Islands Holdings">
Falkland Islands Holdings

Falkland Islands Holdings plc () or FIH is a British conglomerate which plays a key role in the economy of the Falkland Islands through the Falklands Islands Company. Its other main businesses are the Portsmouth Harbour Ferry Company, which operates the Gosport Ferry in the south of England, and a London-based art storage and transport company called Momart.
The head office is in Bishop's Stortford in England.
Financial information.
FIH shares have traded on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) in London since 13 January 2003. In July 2010, FIH's market value was around £36m. It made a pretax profit of £5.669m in the year ended 31 March 2010 on revenue of £29.224m. £3.3m came from the sale of shares in Falkland Oil and Gas in November 2009.
History.
The company's key subsidiary, the Falkland Islands Company (FIC), was incorporated in 1851 and received its Royal Charter on 10 January 1852. Established with an authorised capital of £100,000, its purpose was to engage in agricultural and general trading activities. It established shops and a shipping line, and by 1945 it owned 1.2 million acres (4,900 km²) in the Falklands and a flock of 300,000 sheep. It first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1962. In 1972, it was acquired by The Dundee Perth and London Shipping Company, and two further changes of ownership occurred before it became independent again as Falkland Islands Holdings in 1997.
FIH sold its agricultural holdings to the Falkland Islands Government in 1991.
In 2004 FIH diversified by acquiring minority stakes in Falkland Gold and Minerals Limited (FGML) and Falkland Oil and Gas Limited (FOGL), which were both established to exploit potential mineral developments in the Falklands. (It has since sold its stake in Falkland Gold and Minerals Limited for a profit of ₤0.5m.)
In 2004 FIH also bought the Portsmouth Harbour Ferry Company (PHFC) which operates the passenger ferry across the mouth of Portsmouth Harbour in England.
In 2008, FIH bought Momart, a UK company which handles and stores fine art and antiquities.
Businesses.
Falkland Islands Company Limited (100% owned by FIH).
FIC accounts for about two-fifths of the parent company's turnover and income. It made operating profits of £1.38m in 2009-10 on revenues of £12.43m.
FIC's operations are small by the standards of a large country, but in the Falkland Islands, which have a population of around 3,000, they are crucial.
Portsmouth Harbour Ferry Company plc (100% owned by FIH)<br>
This company operates a ferry service between Portsmouth and Gosport, two large towns on the south coast of England which lie on adjacent peninsulas. It carries around 3.5m passengers a year. Underlying operating profit in 2009-2010 was £790,000
Momart (100% owned by FIH)<br>
Momart's clients include the Saatchi Gallery, National Gallery, Tate Modern, Tate Britain and Buckingham Palace. The company received considerable media attention in 2004 when a fire spread to one of their warehouses from an adjacent unit, destroying the works in it, including works by Young British Artists such as Tracey Emin and Damien Hirst, with the most notable work lost being Emin's 1995 piece "Everyone I Have Ever Slept With 1963–1995".
Investments.
Falkland Oil and Gas Limited (8.2% owned by FIH)<br>
For many years there has been speculation that the waters around the islands may contain large reserves of oil and gas. Falkland Oil and Gas is carrying out seismic surveys across thousands of square miles of seabed, mainly to the south and east of the islands.
FIH sold 3m shares, or a fifth of its holdings in FOGL, in November 2009 for £3.6m, making a profit after tax of £3.1m.

</doc>
<doc id="2869165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869165" title="List of state leaders in 253">
List of state leaders in 253


</doc>
<doc id="2869169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869169" title="Bible study">
Bible study

Bible study may refer to:
Other articles related to the study of the Bible:

</doc>
<doc id="2869171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869171" title="Aisby, South Kesteven">
Aisby, South Kesteven

Aisby is a village in the civil parish of Heydour, in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated north from the A52 road and north-east from Grantham.
Aisby is written in the "Domesday Book" as "Asebi".
Once a small hamlet belonging to the nearby Culverthorpe Estate, the village was sold off in lots in 1918 and is now expanded with additional building of housing since 1990. Aisby has other spellings in official records, including censuses, such as "Azeby" or "Hazeby". 

</doc>
<doc id="2869175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869175" title="Roger O'Donnell">
Roger O'Donnell

Roger O'Donnell (born 29 October 1955) is an English keyboardist best known for his work with The Cure. O'Donnell has also performed in The Psychedelic Furs, Thompson Twins and Berlin, as well as having an active solo career.
Background.
O'Donnell was born in East London into a musical family, next to the piano in his parents' London home. O'Donnell attended Art School but left to pursue a career as a professional musician, with his first paying gig coming in 1976, at Oxford Town Hall backing legendary British pop icon Arthur Brown.
O'Donnell joined Thompson Twins as a live keyboardist in July 1983, playing alongside future Cure bandmate and drummer, Boris Williams. Both finished out the Side Kicks Tour in 1983 and also played with the band on the Into The Gap/Out Of The Gap tours in 1984. In the early 1980s, while with Thompson Twins, Berlin, and The Psychedelic Furs, O'Donnell was a big fan of synthesisers produced by Sequential Circuits, which produced such classics as the Prophet 5, Prophet T8, and Prophet VS. While on tour with The Psychedelic Furs, O'Donnell set the record for having the most Sequential models onstage at one time.
Tenure with The Cure.
O'Donnell first joined The Cure in 1987, replacing Lol Tolhurst on keyboards, after being longtime friends with drummer Boris Williams. He played with The Cure during their "Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me" tour, though he did not contribute to the album. (He does however appear in the music videos for "Just Like Heaven" and "Hot Hot Hot!!!" and appeared in tour promo art.) With O'Donnell on keyboards, Porl Thompson was able to focus on guitar full-time, instead of assisting Tolhurst on keyboards for many of the songs. Some of O'Donnell's performances from this tour can be heard on the deluxe edition of "Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me".
For the next album "Disintegration", O'Donnell became a fully integrated member of the band, and his songwriting contributions can be heard on the songs "Untitled" and "Fear of Ghosts," which is the B-Side to the hit single "Lovesong." He is also featured on the live album from this period, "Entreat". Following The Cure's Prayer Tour in 1989, O'Donnell left the band temporarily in 1990 due to a difference of opinion with some of the other members.
During the Cure's period of greatest success, O'Donnell was the band's only member to play piano and keyboards as his primary instrument. Previous keyboardist Lol Tolhurst also played drums for a time and subsequent keyboardist Perry Bamonte later switched to guitar. O'Donnell rejoined The Cure in 1995 and appeared on the albums "Wild Mood Swings", "Bloodflowers", and "The Cure". He also appears on the live DVD "". During this period it is notable that O'Donnell introduced the band to digital recording.
When O'Donnell started working on his solo album "The Truth In Me" in early 2005, he stated that he had no plans to leave The Cure. However, later in that year Robert Smith decided to reconfigure The Cure as a trio, without O'Donnell or Perry Bamonte. O'Donnell would later confirm that the rumour of him being fired by E-mail was false, and if The Cure hadn't been reduced to a trio he would have left regardless to concentrate on solo material.
In May 2011, O'Donnell and Laurence Tolhurst reunited with The Cure to perform the band's first three albums - "Three Imaginary Boys", "Seventeen Seconds", and "Faith" - in their entirety at the Sydney Opera House in Australia. The set also included a number of B-sides and singles played during the encore.
On September 11 O'Donnell announced on his Facebook page that he had rejoined The Cure.
Solo work.
O’Donnell’s current solo career commenced when he was asked to submit a song for a documentary being made about Bob Moog, “Moog”. This was in early 2004 whilst he was still a member of The Cure. Later that year whilst helping to promote the film with its producer Ryan Page at the Sheffield Documentary Festival, conversation led to the suggestion that O’Donnell should write an entire album of music composed and recorded in the same way as the song “Another Year Away”. The song was composed entirely and performed solely on a Minimoog Voyager.
Later that year and into early 2005 when work with The Cure had ended O’Donnell completed the project which was to become “The Truth In Me” the album released in 2006.
In the Summer of 2005 O’Donnell and his longtime partner and collabrator Erin Lang formed their own label with the idea of supporting and encouraging otherwise unsignable artists, mainly in the electronic genre, and releasing their own music. The first release was in September 2005, a sampler “Nothing Concrete” featuring songs from 10 unsigned artists. The label is called 99 Times Out of 10 or 99X/10.
In discussions to find a distributor in the U.S. Roger was offered a record deal with independent label group Worlds Fair on their new Warner Brothers distributed label Great Society.
O’Donnell released two albums with Great Society, “The Truth In Me” in 2006 and “Songs Form The Silver Box” in 2009. Both featuring Erin Lang on vocals with a special guest appearance from Australian singer Lenka on the latter. An EP of remixes was also released from “The Truth In Me” featuring versions by Dntel, Fourtet and Console all very highly regarded artists in the electronic field.
Roger’s association with World's Fair and Great Society came to an end in 2009 when the label folded. All of his and Erin Lang’s future releases will be handled by 99X/10.
Future projects nearing completion as of Spring 2010 are a collection of songs for piano, cello and voice entitled Two/Three - Before. The trio features O'Donnell on piano, Erin Lang, vocals and longtime friend Paul van Dongen on Cello. A preview concert performance in Toronto in February 2010 with the Corktown Chamber Orchestra led to another project which O’Donnell has composed for the orchestra, Quieter Trees.
Quieter Trees is a group of six songs inspired by a painting by British artist David Hockney “Bigger Trees Near Warter”. It was performed in London Morley College by the Centre for Young Musicians on July 2nd 2011 and it will be performed in November in Toronto this time with O'Donnell playing piano.
Also in a nod to his tenure with The Cure O’Donnell has formed a group with Bassist and vocalist Norelle French from the Toronto group Machetes. The project entitled Unterbrucke is a dark and intense collection of songs which will be released on an album entitled Detach in October 2010.
Credits.
O'Donnell is credited as the keyboardist on the following recordings:

</doc>
<doc id="2869177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869177" title="Pierre Bonnet">
Pierre Bonnet

Pierre Bonnet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2869178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869178" title="Aisgill">
Aisgill

Aisgill is the southernmost of the hamlets that comprise the parish of Mallerstang in the English county of Cumbria. It is on the B6259 road, at the head of Mallerstang dale, just before the boundary between Cumbria and North Yorkshire.
The highest waterfall on the River Eden, Hellgill Force, with a drop of about {8 metres} is just to the north, at . The river itself rises (at first as Red Gill beck, later becoming Hell Gill beck) below Hugh Seat in the peat bogs above here. It finally becomes the river Eden after merging with the Ais Gill beck, which flows down from Wild Boar Fell.
Aisgill is at both a county and a natural geographical boundary. It is at the watershed (sometimes called "the watershed of England") from which the Eden flows north towards the Irish Sea via the Solway Firth, while the River Ure flows south towards Wensleydale, and eventually into the North Sea.
Swarth Fell frames the western side of the head of Mallerstang dale, and from Aisgill there is a view along the steep, narrow valley, with Mallerstang Edge and High Seat framing the eastern side. But the view at Aisgill is dominated by the great table-top bulk of Wild Boar Fell, to the south-west.
The Settle-Carlisle Railway reaches its highest point at "Aisgill Summit" ; and there is a small viaduct where the line crosses Ais Gill beck. There have been three notable rail accidents nearby: the Hawes Junction rail crash in 1910, one in 1913 and most recently in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2869181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869181" title="M32R">
M32R

The M32R is a 32-bit RISC instruction set architecture (ISA) developed by Mitsubishi for embedded microprocessors and microcontrollers. The ISA is now owned by Renesas Electronics Corporation, and the company designs and fabricates M32R implementations. M32R processors are used in embedded systems such as Engine Control Units, digital cameras and PDAs. The ISA is supported by Linux and the GNU Compiler Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="2869190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869190" title="Narcondam Island">
Narcondam Island

Narcondam or Narcondum is a small volcanic island located in the Andaman Sea. Its central peak rises some 710 m above mean sea level, and is formed of andesite. It is considered to be part of the Andaman Islands, the main body of which lie approximately 114 km to the west. The island is part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The island is small, covering an area of approximately 6.8 square kilometres. It was classified as a dormant volcano by the Geological Survey of India.
Etymology.
The name Narcondam could have been derived from the Sanskrit "naraka-kundam", meaning "a pit of Hell," although this may be the result of confusion between it and Barren Island.
Geography.
The island is formed from a volcano, which had not known to have been active in recent times, until on June 8, 2005 there were reports of "mud and smoke" being ejected from the volcano. The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake is thought to have caused magma to move underground and may be related to the current activity. If the reports were accurate this would alter the scientific status of Narcondam to active. Further to the south west (approximately 150 km) lies the active volcano island of Barren Island. Narcondam Island is about 160 miles from Burma, is about 160 miles from Port Blair, and is almost 800 miles from Vishakhapatnam (part of the mainland of India).
Narcondam Island holds the easternmost point of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Until 1986 Burma claimed sovereignty over the island. This claim was given up on reaching agreement with India on the delimitation of the maritime boundary between the two nations in the Andaman Sea, the Coco channel and the Bay of Bengal.
Narcondam Island's mountain, at 710 meters is the second tallest point in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, the first being Saddle Peak, North Andaman Island at 752 meters.
Scuba Diving at Narcondam.
The waters surrounding Narcondam Island are known to be a diver's paradise. Narcondam's prime dive sites include rocky ridges and steep slopes like Chimneys, Ooh La La and Lighthouse Reef, where massive barrel sponges, huge gorgonian fans and lush soft corals thrive i. Fish life can include heavyweights like Napoleon wrasse, bumphead parrotfish and mantas, as well as occasional whitetip and gray reef sharks. Another special place is HQ Pinnacle, where a submerged rock formation acts as a magnet for hefty dogtooth tuna and hundreds of bigeye trevally. For a more tranquil setting, several bays around the island offer gently sloping terrain populated with fields of hard corals and plenty of colorful reef fish. Well protected from the current, these bays are ideal for an easy afternoon dive.
The island is very remote and diving is accessible only via a live-aboard.
Narcondam Hornbill.
The Narcondam Hornbill is an endangered hornbill that is endemic to the island of Narcondam. This bird is said to have evolved separately from the Wreathed Hornbill found in North-East India. The Narcondam Island Wildlife Sanctuary is currently monitoring the bird.
Proposed radar station.
The Indian Coast Guard proposed the construction of a coastal surveillance radar installation on Narcondum Island and had requested for the release of 0.637 ha of forest area for the purpose. This was turned down by the MOEF of UPA govt as it would endanger the population of endemic hornbills while other alternative sites existed for the sighting of the radar.
On 10th June 2014, MOEF had given clearance for the Radar station, Union minister for environment and forests, Prakash Javadekar gave the approval.

</doc>
<doc id="2869191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869191" title="List of state leaders in 254">
List of state leaders in 254


</doc>
<doc id="2869195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869195" title="Aish, Stoke Gabriel">
Aish, Stoke Gabriel

Aish is a hamlet in the English county of Devon, near the village of Stoke Gabriel.
There is also a hamlet just outside South Brent with the same name.
Some locals pronounce "Aish" as "Ash".

</doc>
<doc id="2869197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869197" title="Wheatley, Oxfordshire">
Wheatley, Oxfordshire

Wheatley is a large village and civil parish in Oxfordshire, about east of Oxford.
Archaeology.
There was a Roman villa on Castle Hill, about southeast of the parish church. It was excavated in 1845, when Roman coins dating from AD 260 to 378 and fragments of Roman pottery and Roman tiles were found.
Manor.
The village had its beginnings in the Anglo-Saxon era. It is in a valley running eastwards, the stream of which flows through the centre of the village to join the River Thame. The stream used to be in the open, with stepping stones for people to cross it. However, it is now in a culvert that runs along under the High Street.
In 1883 a Saxon cemetery was excavated, and artefacts removed from it are housed in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. In the 13th century Wheatley was part of the property of the Abbey of Abingdon and in 1279 was described as a hamlet of Cuddesdon.
Wheatley manor house was enlarged and improved in 1601, and bears an inscription on the front stating "T.A. 1601", which stands for Thomas Archdale, the then owner. It still retains its original appearance whereas most of the other old cottages and buildings have been restored.
Churches.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Mary the Virgin was built in the 18th century. Samuel Wilberforce, Bishop of Oxford, disliked the building and had it rebuilt in 1855-1857 by the Oxford Diocesan architect, G. E. Street. Its tower has a peal of six bells, four of which came from the former 18th century church. There is also a Russian bell from Troitsa, thought to have been claimed as a spoil of war and given to the church early in the 20th century.
The Congregational church was built in 1842–1843 on the site of the old tannery. It is now an United Reformed Church. Wheatley's Roman Catholic church is Our Lady of Lourdes in Crown Road. It is part of the parish of Corpus Christi, Headington. There was once also an independent church in the old Granary building at 30 Church Road. Many Wheatley residents talk of having attended Sunday School at the 'mission', which is how a generation usually identify the church. 
All the churches in Wheatley are now in a Local Ecumenical Partnership which also includes the parish church of Saint Bartholomew in Holton.
Economic and social history.
One of Wheatley's main industries was quarrying limestone which was used for building Windsor Castle, Merton College, local cottages and ecclesiastical buildings, most of which were erected between the 13th and 18th centuries. Other occupations included faggot cutting and ochre cutting, the ochre being crushed at the windmill which still stands today.
There were two windmills on the hill southwest of the village. One was a post mill which burnt down in 1875. The other, Littleworth Mill, is a tower mill that dates from before 1671. It has been rebuilt and re-equipped a number of times, including in 1784 when the Eagle Ironworks, Oxford supplied some of the machinery. The tower mill had fallen out of use by 1915, but since 1977 the Wheatley Mill Restoration Society has been restoring it.
Wheatley once had ten public houses. A plaque on a gable of the King's Arms in Church Street says that it was built in 1756.
In 1719 the Stokenchurch Turnpike Act turned the main road into a turnpike. Stagecoaches between the Golden Cross in Oxford and London travelled "via" the Old Road over Shotover Plain to the west of the village. Many of Wheatley's inns had an upper entrance in Church Road and another in the High Street to accommodate the change of horses. The George coaching inn opposite the manor house is now a house with courtyards and a gift shop.
The village lock-up, built in 1834, is a pyramid-shaped stone structure standing near the edge of the former quarry site. It has a heavy padlocked door and the floor space is about square with a headroom of about . In the 19th century it was used to lock up drunks overnight before sending them to the Oxford court. More recently it has been opened every May Day. For a small charge visitors can be locked up for five minutes or so, and given a certificate to prove it.
Wheatley railway station was opened in 1864 as part of an extension of the Wycombe Railway from to . The railway linked the village to Oxford, , and . British Railways closed the line and Wheatley station in 1963. Kelham Hall Drive and Kimber Close have been built on the site of the station.
Shotover House is the home of Lt Col Sir John Miller, who was Crown Equerry to Queen Elizabeth II. In 1888 his grandmother gave the building known as the Merry Bells to the villagers for use as a temperance hotel as she was saddened to see so much hardship caused by drunkenness. Today the building houses a new public library and is a significant social centre of the village; ironically, it now has a licence to serve alcoholic beverages. 
In the 20th century the Lady Spencer Churchill teacher training college was built on the north side of Wheatley. In 1976 the college merged with Oxford Polytechnic, which has since become Oxford Brookes University.
In 1974 the M40 motorway was extended from High Wycombe to Junction 8 at Chilworth, about east of Wheatley, giving the village a fast road link to London. In 1990 the M40 extension was completed, giving Wheatley a fast road link to Birmingham. The extension includes Junction 8A and Oxford Services about east of the village.
Amenities.
Wheatley has a Church of England county primary school and a County Council secondary school.
Wheatley has regular bus services. Arriva The Shires runs route 280 between Oxford and Aylesbury "via" Headington, Wheatley and Thame. Heyfordian Travel provides routes 103 and 104 linking Wheatley and nearby villages with Cowley and Oxford.
Wheatley has a post office, a branch of Barclays bank, an Asda supermarket, a Co-Op pharmacy, several shops in the High Street, and numerous village societies, including the Wheatley Society and a Village Produce Association which holds an annual show.
Wheatley has a number of pubs, including:
Wheatley has a Rugby Union Football Clubthat field two senior sides every Saturday whilst playing the finest social rugby in and around Berkshire,Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire. The club also have an extensive mini/midis section from U7's and up. The seniors train on the Holton playing fields Tuesdays at 7pm, the Mini/Midis train Thursdays at 7pm and Sundays at 9.30am. The Wheatley XV 1st team play in the Berks/Bucks & Oxon Championship[http://clubs.rfu.com/fixtures/DivisionListForCompetition.aspx?CompetitionID=5730102

</doc>
<doc id="2869198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869198" title="The Bryan brothers">
The Bryan brothers

The Bryans or Bryan Brothers refers to twins Robert Charles Bryan (Bob) and Michael Carl Bryan (Mike), who are American professional doubles tennis players. The identical twins have won multiple Olympic medals, including the gold in 2012 and have won more professional games, matches, tournaments and Grand Slams than any other pairing. They have held the World No. 1 doubles ranking jointly for 371 weeks (as of July 7, 2014), which is longer than anyone else in doubles history. They have also finished the ATP year-end number 1 doubles team a record 9 times. Between 2005 and 2006, they set an Open Era record by competing in seven consecutive men's doubles Grand Slam finals. On April 11, 2013, they recorded their Open Era record 800th match win by defeating Johan Brunstrom and Jesse Levine in the semi-finals of Houston. Following their triumph at the 2013 Wimbledon Championships, the Bryans became the only doubles pairing in the Open Era to hold all four major titles at once, as well as the only team in history to hold all four majors and Olympic gold simultaneously. They are also the only doubles team in history to have won every major title, having won all four Grand Slams, Olympic Gold, all 9 Masters series titles, the Year-End Championships and the Davis Cup during their careers.
Born on April 29, 1978, with Mike being older by two minutes, and Bob taller by 3 cm, the two of them have won a record 98 tour titles surpassing The Woodies, and have been finalists on 51 other occasions. They have a Career Golden Slam and 15 grand slam titles overall, which is more than any team in the Open Era. These include victories at the Australian Open (2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2013), the French Open (2003, 2013), Wimbledon (2006, 2011, 2013), and the US Open (2005, 2008, 2010 and 2012). They won the Tennis Masters Cup doubles tournament three times (2003, 2004 and 2009). They won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and the bronze medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. They also won the 2007 Davis Cup along with Andy Roddick and James Blake. The Bryan Brothers were named ATP Team of the Decade for 2000–2009.
The twins are part of the United States Davis Cup team, with a 21–4 record in doubles matches. Their four losses were to Croatia's Ivan Ljubičić and Mario Ančić in 2005, in 2008 to France's Arnaud Clément and Michaël Llodra, and in 2013 to Brazil's Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares as well as Serbia's Nenad Zimonjić and Ilija Bozoljac. Both brothers have played Davis Cup singles matches (Bob is 4–2 and Mike is 0–1).
The brothers, who both use single-handed backhands, are noted for their attacking style of play and great hustle. They are also well known for celebrating winning points by chest-bumping each other. 
Mike and Bob are featured on the cover of the January/February 2010 issue of "Making Music" where there is an article about their experiences and passion for recreational music.
Some of their success is attributed to their particular brand of twinship. The Bryan brothers are "mirror twins." That is, they mirror each other's movements, one being right-handed and one left-handed. Their court coverage is vastly better than two righties/lefties. This fact was documented in the 60 minutes special on the Bryan brothers. Only about 1 in 300 live births result in monozygotic twins. Only 25% 
of monozygotic twins are "mirror" or opposite feature twins.
Aside from tennis, they also do charity work in aid of children in need through their foundation, The Bryan Bros. Foundation.
They have been coached by David Macpherson since 2005. 
Records and achievements.
The Bryan Brothers have won all 4 Majors, 9 different Masters 1000 titles, the World Tour Finals, Olympic Gold, and the Davis Cup. As things stand, the Shanghai Masters is the only significant tournament to elude them.
Junior career.
Bob and Mike won their first doubles tournament at age 6, in a 10-and-under event. They had an outstanding junior career, winning well over a hundred junior doubles titles together. They won the 1991 USTA National Boys' 14 Doubles Championships, the 1992 USTA National Boys' 14 Clay Court doubles title, the 1994 USTA National Boys' 16 Clay Court doubles title, the 1995 USTA National Boys' 18 Clay Courts doubles title, the junior doubles title at the 1995 Ojai Valley, California Tennis Tournament, and the first-ever Easter Bowl boys' 18 doubles title.
The brothers won the USTA National Boys' 18 Clay Court Championships again in 1996, becoming the first team in 30 years to repeat as doubles champions at that event. Bob and Mike became the first repeat doubles champions in 50 years at the 1996 USTA National Boys' 18 Championships in Kalamazoo, Michigan, defeating Michael Russell and Kevin Kim in the final.
The Bryans then won the 1996 US Open junior boys' doubles title, defeating Daniele Bracciali of Italy and Jocelyn Robichaud of Canada 5–7, 6–3, 6–4 in the final. They went on to win the bronze medal at the 1999 Pan American Games at Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, where they represented the United States for the first time as professionals.
They attended Mesa Union School in Somis, California, for elementary and junior high school, then attended Rio Mesa High School in Oxnard, California. Both brothers were awarded full-ride tennis scholarships to Stanford University in fall 1996, and played there through 1998, helping the team to NCAA team title both years. They won the NCAA doubles title in 1998, defeating Kelly Gullet and Robert Lindstedt of Pepperdine University in the final, becoming the first brothers to win the NCAA doubles title since Robert and Tom Falkenberg of USC in 1946. They finished the year ranked No. 1 in the collegiate doubles rankings.
Professional career.
Early career.
The Bryans made their professional and Grand Slam debut at the 1995 US Open, where they lost in the first round to Grant Connell and Patrick Galbraith.
Their first tour win came in 1998, at the ATP tournament in Atlanta, where they scored victory over Trevor Kronemann and Dave Randall. They reached the quarter-finals and lost to Grant Stafford and Kevin Ullyett. They made the semi-finals of the ATP tournament at Washington, D.C. and won two Challenger tournaments, at Aptos and Burbank.
In 1999, the twins reached their first ATP final at Orlando, falling in the finals to Jim Courier and Todd Woodbridge. They reached the semi-finals at Scottsdale, and the quarter-finals at Indian Wells and Key Biscayne. The brothers were successful on the Challenger Circuit, winning three tournaments (Amarillo, Birmingham, Burbank), and reaching the finals in four others.
The next season saw the Bryan brothers win their first match at a Grand Slam when they reached the quarter-finals of the US Open (1st round, beat David Adams and John-Laffnie de Jager). They reached three ATP semi-finals (San Jose, Orlando, Newport), and two other quarter-finals (Queen's Club, Washington, D.C.). On the Challenger Circuit they won the title at Aptos and were losing finalists at San Antonio, Burbank and Rancho Mirage.
2001–2002.
2001 was the first really successful season for the Bryans as they captured four titles (Memphis, Queen's Club, Newport, Los Angeles) in five finals (were finalists at Washington to Martin Damm and David Prinosil). The first ATP doubles title came at Memphis, by defeating Alex O'Brien and Jonathan Stark in the final. They became the first brothers combination to win four titles in a season (Tim and Tom Gullikson won three in 1978 and 1982). They reached their first Grand Slam semi-final at Wimbledon and finished the year at No. 7 in the ATP Doubles Race, with a 45–23 match record.
The next season saw the Bryans win a career-high five ATP doubles titles, including their first ATP Masters Series title. They won that AMS title at Toronto, where they beat Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor in the final. They won titles at Acapulco, Scottsdale, Newport, and Basel, and were runner-ups at Adelaide, Memphis and Washington. They advanced to the semi-finals at Wimbledon for the second straight year, and reached the semi-finals as well at the US Open (where they lost to Mahesh Bhupathi/Max Mirnyi), at Washington and at the Madrid Masters. They finished the season with a 54–19 match record and in third place in the doubles race. The brothers also faced each other at the US Open mixed doubles final, with Mike and Lisa Raymond beating Bob and Katarina Srebotnik. 
2003–2006.
2003 was a landmark season for the Bryans. They reached their first Grand Slam final at Roland Garros, where they also won their first Grand Slam title, beating Paul Haarhuis and Yevgeny Kafelnikov in the final, and did not drop a set all through the tournament. They won five titles for the second successive year (Barcelona, Roland Garros, Nottingham, Cincinnati Masters, Tennis Masters Cup). With their win at Roland Garros, the Bryans set the record for most doubles titles by a brothers team, breaking Tim and Tom Gullikson's mark of 10. They reached the finals of three other tournaments, including the US Open, became the first brothers duo to finish number 1 in the ATP race, and closed the season by winning the title at Tennis Masters Cup, Houston. They also made their Davis Cup debut' for the United States in 2003, in the World Group Playoff tie in Slovak Republic, beating Karol Beck/Dominik Hrbatý in straight sets and helping the US to a 3–2 victory.
In 2004, they won a career-best seven titles, the victories coming at Adelaide, Memphis, Acapulco, Queen's Club, Los Angeles, Basel and Tennis Masters Cup Houston. They also reached four other finals. They were part of the US Tennis Team at the Athens Olympics in 2004, where they lost in the quarter-finals to eventual gold medalists Fernando González and Nicolás Massú of Chile. They finished another successful season by winning the Tennis Masters Cup for the second year running.
In 2005, the Bryans reached all four Grand Slam finals, and though they lost in the first three (Australian Open, Roland Garros and Wimbledon), they won the second Grand Slam of their career at the US Open in front of cheering home fans. They also won tournaments at Scottsdale, Queen's Club and Washington, and made it to the finals at Memphis, Monte Carlo TMS and Rome TMS.
In 2006, the twins won the first Grand Slam of the season, the 2006 Australian Open, where they beat Leander Paes of India and Martin Damm of the Czech Republic in the final. They completed the career slam a few months later at Wimbledon, beating Fabrice Santoro and Nenad Zimonjić in four sets in the final.
2007.
2007 saw the Bryans win 11 titles. They started losing in the first round of their first tournament, but entered the 2007 Australian Open and won it defeating Jonas Björkman and Max Mirnyi in the final. Björkman and Mirnyi had defeated the Bryans for two years running in the French Open finals. The Bryans only lost one set.
Their second title of the season came in Las Vegas where the outstanding team beat Jonathan Erlich/Andy Ram. At the 2007 Miami Masters, the twins won the Masters Series title, defeating Martin Damm and Leander Paes. Their fourth title came without a set's loss in Houston, defeating Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor in the final.
The pair won their fifth title on the 2007 ATP Tour and second Masters Series title of the year at the Monte Carlo Masters- they missed Indian Wells. The team defeated Julien Benneteau and Nicolas Mahut in the final. At the Rome Masters, however, the Bryans lost to Fabrice Santoro and Nenad Zimonjić. It was the first Masters Series match that the Bryans lost in 2007.
The Hamburg Masters saw the Bryans beat Paul Hanley and Kevin Ullyett in the final for a sixth title on the 2007 ATP Tour and third Masters Series event of the year.
The Bryans lost to Lukáš Dlouhý and Pavel Vízner at the 2007 French Open and to Knowles and Nestor at Queen's Club. They lost in the Wimbledon finals to Arnaud Clément and Michaël Llodra, but did avenge Dlouhý/Vízner in the quarter-finals and Santoro/Zimonjić in the semi-finals.
The seventh title of their season came in Los Angeles when the tandem defeated Scott Lipsky and David Martin in the final. In Washington, D.C., the team defeated Erlich/Ram in the final. The Bryans did not reach the finals in the 2007 Rogers Masters, which is the second time that the Bryans did not reach a 2007 Masters Series final. They lost in the finals of the 2007 Cincinnati Masters to Erlich/Ram.
Their next event was the 2007 US Open. The team lost in the quarter-finals to eventual champions Simon Aspelin and Julian Knowle. Each lost in the second round of mixed doubles competition.
Bob and Mike's ninth title came at the 2007 Madrid Masters, beating Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski in the final. Their tenth title of the season came in Basel, where they beat James Blake and Mark Knowles.
The Bryan Brothers won their eleventh title in 2007 at the 2007 Paris Masters. The team defeated Lukáš Dlouhý and Pavel Vízner in the quarter-finals, and avenged Aspelin and Knowle in the semifinals. They then defeated second seeds Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić in the final.
The Bryans earned No. 1 spot in the ATP doubles race and thus were entered into the 2007 Tennis Masters Cup. However, Mike had an elbow injury and could not compete.
The Bryans won the third rubber in the 2007 Davis Cup finals, defeating Igor Andreev and Nikolay Davydenko of Russia, the country who held the title. Andy Roddick had sealed a win over Dmitry Tursunov and James Blake defeated Mikhail Youzhny, however, Bob lost his first Davis Cup singles match in the 4th dead rubber, falling to Andreev. However, Blake defeated Tursunov in the 5th dead rubber to end the tie 4–1 to earn the title for the United States.
2008.
The Bryan Brothers started their season on the 2008 ATP Tour by entering the 2008 Medibank International in Sydney. They survived a quarter-final match against Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram and later entered the final, falling to Richard Gasquet and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga. The Bryans again made a good appearance at the 2008 Australian Open. The team breezed through their first three rounds before losing to Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles.
Soon afterwards, the Bryans beat Austria's Julian Knowle and Jürgen Melzer in the first round of the 2008 Davis Cup. Mike had to retire against Stefan Koubek in singles, while Bob Bryan defeated Werner Eschauer in three sets for the US to win the tie.
The Bryans lost to Max Mirnyi and Jamie Murray in the 2008 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships final, and to fellow Stanford Alumni Scott Lipsky and David Martin in the final of the 2008 SAP Open in San Jose, California. The Bryans made it to the final of the Tennis Channel Open in Las Vegas, producing wins over Xavier Malisse and Hugo Armando, Chris Guccione and Lleyton Hewitt, and Marcos Baghdatis and Konstantinos Economidis, but went down in the final to Julien Benneteau and Michaël Llodra. The Bryans lost in the quarter-finals of the 2008 Indian Wells Masters to Mirnyi and Murray once more.
The Bryans captured their first title of the season at the 2008 Miami Masters, beating Bhupathi and Knowles. After this, they lost in their Davis Cup match to Arnaud Clément and Llodra. They lost to Jeff Coetzee and Wesley Moodie at the 2008 Monte Carlo Masters, however, they then claimed a second title on the 2008 ATP Tour in Barcelona at the 2008 Torneo Godó, beating Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski to win the final. At the Rome Masters, they beat Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić to claim the title. This made the Indian Wells Masters as the only ATP Masters Series to have escaped them.
Following their strong showings in Italy, the Bryans moved on to the 2008 Hamburg Masters, where they only lost one set before reaching the final. However, Nestor and Zimonjić claimed the title, avenging their loss at the 2008 Rome Masters. Then, two weeks later, the Bryans entered the 2008 French Open. Their second Grand Slam of the year looked to be a strong one, however they fell to Pablo Cuevas and Luis Horna in the quarter-finals. Again, they lost at the 2008 Queen's Club Championships to Marcelo Melo and André Sá, of whom they had beaten in Hamburg. Another Grand Slam setback occurred for them at the 2008 Wimbledon Championships, when the twins lost in the semi-finals in a tight match against Jonas Björkman and Kevin Ullyett. Also, they played each other at the Wimbledon mixed doubles final. This time, Bob and Samantha Stosur defeated Mike and Katarina Srebotnik.
The Bryans continued to play their way into tournaments, as they reached the final of the 2008 Canada Masters where they lost to Nestor and Zimonjić. Their losses ended at the 2008 Cincinnati Masters, when they came from behind to beat Bhupathi and Knowles. They won the title with a comeback against Israel's Erlich and Ram, earning themselves two successive wins coming back from the loss of the first set.
They combined together at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. After losing to singles specialists Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka, they beat Clément and Llodra 3–6, 6–3, 6–4 to win the Bronze Medal. The team did not appear again until the 2008 US Open, where they won the title. They then lost in the quarter-finals of the 2008 Madrid Masters to Björkman and Ullyett.
At the 2008 Tennis Masters Cup in Shanghai, they reached the final, only to be defeated by Nestor and Zimonjić and so to lose their positions as world Number 1s for the first time in three years.
2009.
In January, the Bryans entered the Medibank International, in Sydney, Australia, defeating Simone Bolelli and Andreas Seppi, and in the quarter-final, Tommy Robredo and Feliciano López in straight sets. They survived a semi-final match against Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles. They avenged their Tennis Masters Cup doubles final loss with a win over Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić to win their first Medibank International doubles title in 10 years.
At the season's first Grand Slam, in Melbourne, the Australian Open, the Bryan Brothers won the men's Doubles final, on Saturday, January 31, defeating India's Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles from the Bahamas in three sets. The outcome was historical in that it was the first time in tennis history that siblings had won both categories of Doubles titles – men's and women's – at a Major, as Venus and Serena Williams had won the Women's Doubles title at the Australian Open the previous night.
At the Delray Beach International Tennis Championships, they defeated second seeds Marcelo Melo and André Sá for their third title of the year and to win the tournament for the first time ever.
The broke the US record for most wins in Davis Cup doubles as a pair with 15 wins when they beat the Swiss team of Stanislas Wawrinka and Yves Allegro in the 2009 Davis Cup 1st round. Mike Bryan got one more win in Davis cup doubles (total 16) with Mardy Fish when his brother Bob was out of play due to injury in the 2008 semi-finals.
At the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships in Houston, they beat fellow Americans Jesse Levine and Ryan Sweeting to win their fourth title of the year. At the Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell and Internazionali BNL d'Italia, they failed to defend their titles as they lost to Bhupathi and Knowles and to Nestor and Zimonjic in the semi-finals and final respectively. They exited the French Open in the semi-finals to South African-Belgian pair Wesley Moodie and Dick Norman after losing three match points.
They were seeded first at Wimbledon, where they reached the final without dropping a set. however, they lost the final against arch-rivals Nestor and Zimonjic in four sets.
They started their US Open Series and North American hard-court season by winning the LA Tennis Open over Benjamin Becker and Frank Moser of Germany.
They were the defending champions at the 2009 US Open and lost in the quarter-finals to Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes in a re-match of the 2008 final despite saving five match points. The Bryans then won their next ATP World Tour 500 title in Beijing. The next week, they competed at the eight Masters 1000 tournament of the year, the Shanghai Masters, but lost in the quarter-finals. They then competed in Basel as a warm-up tournament before Paris and London. They reached the final but lost to Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić. At Paris, they lost at the quarter-finals. However, they captured the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals to end the year as the World No. 1 Doubles Team for the fifth time and capture the Year-End Championships for the third time.
The year 2009 was the first year since 2004 where the brothers did not win any ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments.
2010.
The Bryans started 2010 by playing at the 2010 Heineken Open in Auckland. However, the pair lost in the first round. They then went on successfully defending their title at the 2010 Australian Open, beating Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić in the final, thus claiming their fourth Australian Open title and eighth major title. They also defended their titles at the 2010 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships (where they earned their 600th victory as a team) and the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships in Houston.
The Bryans also participated in the first round of Davis Cup, where they were drawn to face Serbia in Belgrade on clay courts. Mike withdrew due to food poisoning and was replaced by John Isner. Bob and John won the doubles rubber in five sets against Janko Tipsarević and Zimonjic. However, the US lost the tie 3–2 (with the last rubber being a dead rubber).
The Bryans then won two back to back Masters Series titles during the European clay tour at the 2010 Internazionali BNL d'Italia in Rome and the 2010 Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open. They defeated compatriots Isner and Sam Querrey in Rome and co-world no. 1s Nestor and Zimonjić in Madrid. This ended their ATP World Tour Masters 1000 title drought since August 2008. They equalled The Woodies' record of 61 doubles titles.
Seeded first at the 2010 French Open, the Bryans suffered their earliest exit at a Grand Slam since the 2001 US Open by losing to Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares in the second round. They did not compete in any of the warm-up tournaments before Wimbledon. At Wimbledon, however, defending champions Nestor and Zimonjic made an early exit, creating the possibility for the Bryans to regain the No. 1 doubles teaming. They lost, however, to Wesley Moodie and Dick Norman in the quarter-finals.
To start their 2010 North American summer hardcourt swing, the Bryans won their 62nd career doubles title at their hometown tournament in Los Angeles, where they were the defending champions. They reached the final and became the first team in the Open Era to reach 100 doubles finals. The win surpassed the Woodies record of 61 wins as a team. Their next target is the all-time record of 79 set by Pam Shriver and Martina Navratilova. They next participated in the 2010 Legg Mason Tennis Classic in Washington, D.C. (where they exited in the quarter-finals to Rohan Bopanna and Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi), where they also took part in the "Let's Move" campaign to battle child obesity and had the chance to meet President Barack Obama.
They continued their ATP World Tour Masters 1000 winning streak by capturing their 63rd title at the 2010 Rogers Cup in Toronto, adding to their titles in 2002 and 2006 and their 64th title at the 2010 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters in Cincinnati, adding to their titles 2003 and 2008. This ensured their return to the No. 1 spot in the team rankings. This also marked their wins in four consecutive Masters 1000 tournaments.
Their winning streak continued as they won the 2010 US Open, giving the Bryans a ninth major title, just two shy from the Woodies, by beating Bopanna and Qureshi in the final. As icing on the cake, on September 6, 2010, they have been ranked number one in doubles based on the ATP ranking system for 205 weeks, surpassing Todd Woodbridge's previous record of 204 weeks.
Playing in the 2010 China Open in Beijing to start their Asian hardcourt swing, their first tournament after their Flushing Meadows victory, they extended their winning streak to 18–0 with a victory in the final over Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski. It was noted that they won their tenth title of the season on October 10, 2010. After this successful title defense, their next tournament was the 2010 Shanghai Rolex Masters where their winning streak ended at 20 after losing to Jürgen Melzer and Leander Paes in the semi-finals. The Bryans then participated at the 2010 Davidoff Swiss Indoors where the clinched the year-end no.1 ranking by reaching the semi-finals. They ended up winning their 11th title of the year in their 11th final by beating defending champions Nestor and Zimonjic in the final. They capped up their season by losing to Mark Knowles and Andy Ram in the semi-finals of the 2010 BNP Paribas Masters in Paris and to Nestor and Zimonjic in the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals. Overall, the Bryans enjoyed one of their best seasons in which they won two Grand Slam titles and four consecutive Masters 1000 titles and did not lose a final.
2011.
The Bryans started 2011 by participating at the 2011 Medibank International Sydney where they reached the final. The pair lost to first-time pairing of Lukáš Dlouhý and Paul Hanley, marking their first final loss since March 2008 to a team other than Nestor/Zimonjic. They next traveled to Melbourne and successfully defended their 2011 Australian Open title, beating Indian duo Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes in the final. This was the Bryans' third straight title at the Australian Open (and their fifth overall), and their tenth Grand Slam title (just one shy from the Woodies).
They suffered early exits in Acapulco, Indian Wells and Miami but bounced back to win their 69th title in Houston. They followed this victory with their 70th title in Monte Carlo the week after. This was their 18th Masters 1000 title, tying them with Todd Woodbridge and six shy of all-time Masters 1000 leader Daniel Nestor. Their next tournament was the 2011 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell, where they ended as runner-ups to first time pairing of Santiago González and Scott Lipsky after missing four match points in a closely fought final. They then continued their clay court dominance by winning (and defending) their fourth Madrid Masters title beating Michaël Llodra and Nenad Zimonjić in the final. It was the Bryan's 19th Masters title. Their next tournament was the Rome Masters, where they lost in the quarter-finals to compatriots Mardy Fish and Andy Roddick. They lost in the 2011 French Open semi-finals to first-time pairing of Juan Sebastián Cabal and Eduardo Schwank.
They bounced back quickly on the grass, clinching their fourth Queen's Club title, beating fellow Australian Open finalists Bhupathi/Paes in the final in a tough three-setter. They followed this up by winning Wimbledon on the July 2 defeating Robert Lindstedt and Horia Tecău in straight sets. This was their second Wimbledon title and they tied The Woodies' record of 11 Grand Slam titles.
They failed to defend their title at the Rogers Cup although they reached the final and lost to Llodra and Zimonjic in three sets. Their next stop was at the Cincinnati where they again failed to defend their title by falling to Bhupathi/Paes in the semi-finals. Their late season struggles continued at the US Open, losing in the first round. This was their first first round exit since the 2001 Australian Open. At the 2011 China Open in Beijing they were, again, unable to defend their title as they were beaten in the semi-finals by Llodra and Zimonjic in three sets. Their Asian swing did not improve as they were stunned in the 2011 Shanghai Rolex Masters quarter-finals by Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski. The Bryans played their next tournament at the Erste Bank Open in Vienna (their first appearance there since 2002) where they re-gained some form by saving a match point in a tight first round before going on to reach the final where they defeated Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor in straight sets to claim their first Vienna title and their 7th title of the year (which was also their first title since Wimbledon). They then competed in the Valencia Open 500 event in the very next week and rode their momentum without dropping a set into their first final there against Eric Butorac and Jean-Julien Rojer. They went on to win the final in straight sets to earn their first Valencia title and 8th title of the season. However, they were unable to make it three titles in three weeks at the 2011 BNP Paribas Masters as they were upset in the second round by Julien Benneteau and Nicolas Mahut. The Bryans looked to finish their season in style at the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals but succumbed in the semi-finals to Mirnyi and Nestor.
2012.
The Bryans started 2012 by participating at the 2012 Apia International Sydney where they reached the final. They went on to win the final by defeating wild cards Matthew Ebden and Jarkko Nieminen to claim their second title in Sydney and their 76th overall without dropping a set. The brothers then aimed to win their sixth Australian Open and reached their eighth final at the event after three consecutive three-setters which included saving a match point and overcoming a 2–5 deficit in the final set tie-break in an epic semi-final against Robert Lindstedt and Horia Tecău. However, the Bryans played Leander Paes and Radek Štěpánek in the final and were upset in straight sets.
They were forced to withdraw from Indian Wells at the quarter-final stage with illness and were beaten in Miami at the semi-final stage by Paes and Štěpánek for the second time in 2012. They skipped Houston despite being the defending champions and instead secured a doubles rubber point in the USA-France Davis Cup tie at Monte-Carlo by defeating Julien Benneteau and Michaël Llodra. They then went on to win their 20th Masters 1000 title and 77th title overall at Monte Carlo without dropping a set. They had thrashed Paes and Štěpánek in the quarter-finals and comfortably beaten Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor in the final. However, their momentum was halted at the 2012 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell where they once again withdrew during the tournament with illness. They took to the new blue clay of the Madrid Masters as the defending champions but lost early. Their next tournament was the Rome Masters, where they lost in the quarter-finals. Keen to regain some momentum, the Bryans played the 2012 Open de Nice Côte d'Azur – Doubles tournament which they won for the first time by beating Oliver Marach and Filip Polášek in the final. It was their 78th title and third of the year. They then enjoyed a good run at the 2012 French Open before losing in the final to Mirnyi and Nestor.
They immediately found form on the grass, reaching the final at the Queen's Club. However, they failed to defend their title and were beaten again by Mirnyi and Nestor. They reached the semi-finals of Wimbledon but, after a tight match, were defeated by eventual first-time wildcard titlists Jonathan Marray and Frederik Nielsen.
After winning the Olympic gold medal at the Summer Olympics in London (see the '2012 Olympics' section below), they played the 2012 Rogers Cup in Toronto. They maintained their fine form by winning their 21st Masters 1000 title and their 80th title overall after saving a match point in a closely fought final against the all-Spanish pairing of Marcel Granollers and Marc López. They then went to the 2012 Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati where they lost in the semi-finals to Lindstedt and Tecău. Nevertheless, they went into the 2012 US Open full of confidence and as a result, they went on to win the title by gaining revenge over Paes and Štěpánek in the final (who had beaten the Bryans in the final of the Australian Open earlier in the year). This was the Bryans' 12th major title which meant that they had surpassed the Woodies' record of 11, giving the Bryans the most major titles in men's doubles in the Open Era.
In November, Bob Bryan, who had missed a Davis Cup match due to the birth of his daughter, during which Mike had played with Mardy Fish, slipped behind Mike in the world rankings. This was the first time since August 2003 that the pair had had different rankings. This meant that Mike Bryan finished 2012 as world number one on his own.
2012 Olympics.
They returned to Wimbledon for the Summer Olympics Tennis Tournament. They beat Bellucci/Sa of Brazil in the first round, Davydenko/Youzhny of Russia in the second round, Erlich/Ram of Israel in the quarterfinals, and Benneteau/Gasquet of France in the semifinals. They then entered the Gold Medal Match assured of at least a silver medal, but they topped Llodra/Tsonga of France to win the Olympic gold medal on August 4, 2012.
This completed the career Golden Slam in men's doubles for the Bryan Brothers having won the Australian Open, French Open, Wimbledon, US Open and the Olympic gold medal.
2013.
The Bryan Brothers started 2013 by participating at the 2013 Apia International Sydney which they won by defeating Max Mirnyi and Horia Tecău in the final to claim their third title in Sydney and their 83rd overall. The Bryans then aimed to win their sixth Australian Open. They did just that by emerging victorious in their ninth final at the event by beating the Dutch team of Robin Haase and Igor Sijsling. This gave the brothers an all-time record 13 Grand Slam titles. They surpassed the pre-Open Era record of 12 titles held by John Newcombe and Tony Roche.
The Bryans then participated in the first round of Davis Cup, where they were drawn to face Brazil in Jacksonville on indoor hard-courts. For only the third time in their career, the Bryans lost a Davis Cup doubles match when they lost in five sets to Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares. It was their first loss of the season. However, the US would go on to win the tie 3–2 when Sam Querrey won the deciding rubber.
They then played at the 2013 SAP Open in San Jose, California. It was the final edition of the tournament and therefore, the Bryan's last chance to win this tournament which had so far eluded them. However, they lost in the quarter-finals to the Australian pairing of Lleyton Hewitt and Marinko Matosevic. They bounced back immediately at the 2013 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships in Memphis. They won their third title of the season without dropping a set winning an all-American final against James Blake and Jack Sock. Following this win, Bob rejoined Mike as World Number One.
Their next tournament was the first Masters 1000 of the year at Indian Wells. This was the only Masters 1000 tournament that the Bryans had yet to win. However, the brothers rode their momentum and won the tournament after prevailing in super-tiebreakers in the quarter-final, the semi-final, and in the final against first-time pairing Treat Huey and Jerzy Janowicz. This was their 22nd Masters 1000 title, their 4th title of the year, and their 86th title as a team. Their next tournament was Miami where they lost in the first round to Max Mirnyi and Mikhail Youzhny.
The Bryans then played in Boise, Idaho in the Davis Cup quarter-finals against Serbia on indoor hard-courts. However, the twins lost in five sets (15-13 in the fifth) to Nenad Zimonjić and Ilija Bozoljac. It was the first-time in their career that they had lost back-to-back Davis Cup doubles rubbers and it was their fourth loss overall in the competition. This defeat put the US 2-1 behind in rubbers. They were unable to recover as they went on to lose the tie 3–1 when Novak Djokovic beat Sam Querrey in the first reverse singles match.
Their next tournament was Houston where they were defending champions and on a 16 match winning streak. However, their streak came to an end in the final where, despite having a match point, they were defeated by Jamie Murray and John Peers. Their next event was Monte Carlo where again, they were the defending champions. However, once again, they lost in the final after squandering 7 match points against Julien Benneteau and Nenad Zimonjić. Their next event was the Madrid Masters which had reverted to red clay. The Bryans reached the final against Alexander Peya and Bruno Soares. There were no missed match points this time as the Bryans closed out a comfortable win to earn their 23rd Masters 1000 title and 5th title of the year. They continued their fine run at the Rome Masters defeating Indians Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna in the final. It was their 88th team title, their 6th title in 2013, and their 24th Masters 1000 title.
The Bryan's excellent clay-court form culminated in a 14th Grand Slam title at the 2013 French Open. They defeated the all-French pairing of Michael Llodra and Nicolas Mahut in a third-set tiebreak to claim their second French Open title and 7th title of the year. It was their 89th team title and 3rd consecutive Grand Slam title. The Bryans now have the opportunity at Wimbledon to capture a 'Golden Bryan Slam'. They would become only the second doubles team in history to hold all four majors at the same time (the only other was the team of Aussies Ken McGregor and Frank Sedgman who achieved the Calendar Grand Slam in 1951), and would also become the only team ever to hold all four majors and Olympic gold simultaneously. On June 10, it was announced that the twins had qualified for the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for the 12th time.
The Bryans got their grass-court campaign underway at the Queen's Club. They won their fifth Queen's Club title defeating Peya and Soares in the final. It was their 8th title of the season and 90th title overall. The twins are on an 18 match winning streak going into Wimbledon.
On July 6, the Bryans achieved a historic Golden Slam as they won their 15th Grand Slam title and third Wimbledon. The 35-year-old twins became the first team to hold all four major titles and the Olympic gold medal at the same time as they defeated Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo in the final. Having won the first three major championships of the season, the Bryans now have a chance at the US Open to become the first team in the Open Era to win the Calendar Grand Slam.
The brothers then withdrew from the 2013 BB&T Atlanta Open and the 2013 Citi Open in Washington citing an injury to Bob's shoulder. Their next event was the 2013 Rogers Cup in Montreal where they were the defending champions. However, their 25 match winning streak came to an end in the quarter-finals to Robert Lindstedt and Daniel Nestor. They bounced back at the 2013 Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati by saving a match point in the semi-finals before defeating the all-Spanish pairing of Marcel Granollers and Marc López in the final. It was the Bryans' 10th title of 2013 and 25th Masters 1000 title. With this victory, the 35-year-old twins were guaranteed the year-end No. 1 team ranking for a record 9th time on August 19. Never before has a team clinched year-end No. 1 this early in the season. However, at the 2013 US Open, the Bryans were defeated in the semi-finals by Leander Paes and Radek Štěpánek in a rematch of last year's final. This loss prevented them from achieving the Calendar Grand Slam. Their next event was the Japan Open. It was the twins' first time competing in this tournament but things did not go as planned as they were defeated in their opening match by Nicolás Almagro and Pablo Cuevas. Their next tournament was the 2013 Shanghai Rolex Masters where they were beaten in the semi-finals by Dodig and Melo. The Bryans then played the Valencia Open where they were defeated in the final by Peya and Soares despite having 4 match points. However, the Bryans gained revenge the following week by beating Peya and Soares in the final of the 2013 BNP Paribas Masters for their 26th Masters 1000 title. Their final event was the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals where they saved a match point en route to the final before being defeated by the all-Spanish pairing of David Marrero and Fernando Verdasco. This loss brought to a close the greatest season of the Bryan Brothers' career where they reached 15 finals, won 11 titles (including 3 majors and 5 Masters 1000 titles), and finished world number one for the 9th time.
2014.
The Bryan Brothers began 2014 attempting to defend their title at the 2014 Apia International Sydney. However, they were upset in the quarter-finals by Lukáš Rosol and João Sousa. The Bryans then aimed to defend their Australian Open crown. However, they were shocked in the third round by eventual finalists, Eric Butorac and Raven Klaasen. 
The Bryans then participated in the first round of Davis Cup, where they were drawn to face Great Britain in San Diego on outdoor clay. The twins secured a point for the United States by winning the doubles rubber against Colin Fleming and Dominic Inglot. For Mike, it was the 35 year old's 23rd doubles victory in the competition- the most by an American.
The brothers reached the final of the 2014 U.S. National Indoor Tennis Championships in Memphis. However, they were unable to defend their title as they were beaten again by Butorac and Klaasen. They quickly bounced back at the 2014 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships which they won without dropping a set to claim their first title of the season. 
Their next tournament was the first Masters 1000 of the year at Indian Wells where the Bryans successfully defended their title by defeating Alexander Peya and Bruno Soares in the final. The twins immediately followed this up by winning Miami. They defeated Juan Sebastián Cabal and Robert Farah in the final to claim their first Indian Wells-Miami double, their 28th Masters 1000 crown, and 96th title overall.
The Bryan Brothers got their clay-court campaign off to a flying start by claiming their fifth Houston title defeating Spaniards David Marrero and Fernando Verdasco in a closely fought final. At Monte Carlo, the Bryans won their 29th Masters 1000 crown and 4th consecutive Masters 1000 tournament by beating Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo in the final. This title marked their 98th title as a team and Mike's 100th doubles title. The twins have now won five tournaments in a row and are on a 21 match winning streak. However, this streak came to an end in the final of the Madrid Masters where they were defeated by old foes Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić. The twins' next event was the Rome Masters where they were beaten again by Nestor and Zimonjić in the semi-finals. The Bryans then attempted to defend their title at the 2014 French Open but were defeated in the quarter-finals by Marcel Granollers and Marc López.
The Bryan Brothers began their grass-court campaign attempting to defend their title at Queens. However, they were defeated in the second round by Jamie Murray and John Peers.
Parents.
Their mother Kathy Bryan (née Blake) is a former women's circuit player. She is a four-time participant at Wimbledon, and made the mixed doubles quarter-finals in 1965. She still teaches tennis. Their father, Wayne Bryan, is a lawyer, musician, and tennis instructor. Both their parents are involved in various ATP Kids' Days and clinics on tour.
Personal life.
The Bryan brothers are identical twins born to American parents, on Apr 29, 1978, with Mike being older by two minutes. In their early days as junior players, they were forbidden to play each other in tournament play by their parents. If they were to play each other in a tournament, they would alternate defaulting to each other.
The brothers graduated from Rio Mesa High School in Oxnard in 1996 and attended Stanford University (1996–98). In 1998, Bob became the first player since Alex O'Brien in 1992 to win college's 'Triple Crown' of NCAA singles, doubles (with Mike) and team titles. Both Bob and Mike are members of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
The Bryans have a penchant for music, forming a band of their own, with Mike playing on the drums (and occasionally guitar), Bob on the keyboard, and father Wayne on the guitar.
Fellow tennis players and friends Andy Roddick, Mardy Fish, and Jan-Michael Gambill often join in. The band has played at several special events, including the ATP Tour Smash Tennis event at New York's Central Park before the 1995 US Open. The Bryan brothers were featured on the Jan/Feb 2010 cover of Making Music Magazine.
In December 2010, Bob married Florida attorney and longtime family friend Michelle Alvarez. They now reside in Sunny Isles Beach, Florida.
Mike married Lucille Williams on November 25, 2012 at the Four Seasons Montecito, California.
Career finals.
Doubles: 149 (98–51).
Note: Mike Bryan has won two more doubles titles than his brother Bob. He won both of them in 2002, one was alongside Mahesh Bhupathi in Long Island, US and one beside Mark Knowles in Nottingham, UK.
Performance timeline.
Doubles.
"To prevent confusion and double counting, information in this table is updated only after a tournament or the player's participation in the tournament has concluded. This table includes events up to and including Wimbledon.

</doc>
<doc id="2869199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869199" title="Chali">
Chali

The Chali, a Latinized form of the Khaloi or Chaloi of Ptolemy's Greek, were a Germanic tribe residing in Jutland. We hear no more about the Chali as such in history, but their name can probably be connected with the Chalusus river (ibid.), tentatively identified as the Trave. The modern name comes from the Slavs at the mouth of the river (mediaeval Trabena), as Charlemagne for a time encouraged them to settle in the region. The upper river must have remained in the lands of the Chali.
Speculating further, one might connect the name with Halland in Sweden (as well as the Hilleviones), which was originally Danish. From a political point of view, Scandinavia became defined by its resistance to the Slavic policies of Charlemagne, who was inviting Slavs to populate lands in Schleswig-Holstein left vacant by the migrations to Britain. A southern border was set by treaty in the early 9th century; presumably, the Chali were north of it.
Halland remained unquestionably Danish until the 11th century. By then there were language differences between the Danes and Swedes. Halland spoke Danish, but it became an object of contention. Many long years later the northern border of Denmark was finally established by treaty in 1645. Halland was to be Swedish; however, it speaks its own dialect, based on its ancient Danish background.
One might conclude therefore to a possible core Danish population titled *Hal- or *Hil-, located in Jutland, the islands, and southern Sweden. If that is true, then the name has a somewhat amorphous referent, meaning some or all of a population also possessing other names and not necessarily politically or ethnically united, except when the region became early Denmark.
Due to the machinations of Otto von Bismarck, "the iron chancellor", during Germany's late 19th century imperial period, Schleswig-Holstein and the entire Trave drainage system are currently part of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2869200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869200" title="Wanneroo Road">
Wanneroo Road

Wanneroo Road is a 44 kilometre arterial highway in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, linking Joondanna and Yokine in the south with Wanneroo and Yanchep in the north. As part of State Route 60, it begins from Charles Street in the inner city and becomes Indian Ocean Drive up to Dongara.
Originally a narrow and often country road with a single lane in each direction it has been periodically widened and (particularly north of Wanneroo) straightened. Around the Carabooda area the road has been realigned. Short sections of the original, narrow road remain providing access to properties and businesses along the road.
The road is also multiplexed with State Routes 81 and 83 for short lengths.
History.
After the enactment of the Road Districts Act 1871, the Perth Road Board requested that the Legislative Council proclaim eight public thoroughfares through its territory, and on 4 June 1872, Road No.3, intended as a route from Perth to Champion Bay (now Geraldton) via Wanneroo, was published in the Government Gazette. However, the act of proclaiming the road was not contiguous with its development, and progress on surfacing the track occurred at a slow rate.
A proposal to rename the road as "Yanchep Highway" was made in November 1940. The Perth Road Board (now City of Stirling) was in favour of the proposal, subject to the Wanneroo Road Board (now City of Wanneroo) renaming their portion of Wanneroo Road, but the Wanneroo Road Board indicated that they would support a name change if it included Charles Street, in the Perth City Council area. There was no agreement reached.
Major intersections.
All major intersections south of and including Joondalup Drive are controlled by traffic lights.

</doc>
<doc id="2869208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869208" title="Casuarina (disambiguation)">
Casuarina (disambiguation)

Casuarina is a genus of plants from the family "Casuarinaceae"
Casuarina can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2869213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869213" title="DESOTO patrol">
DESOTO patrol

DESOTO patrols (DEHAVEN Special Operations off TsingtaO)
were patrols conducted by U.S. Navy destroyers equipped with a mobile "van" of signals intelligence equipment used for intelligence collection in hostile waters. The USS De Haven is the namesake for these patrols. The "De Haven" performed the first patrol off the coast of China in April 1962. The first patrol to target North Vietnam in the Gulf of Tonkin was the USS Algerhom in December 1962.
These patrols were initially a response to the Chinese Communists' unexpected re-definition of their territorial waters to include all waters shoreward from lines drawn tangentially to, and between, twelve mile circles drawn around their offshore islands. Such a declaration represented a huge expansion of their claims. This inhibited the lawful navigation of international waters and increased the likelihood and frequency of formal diplomatic "serious warnings" issued by Beijing when any Seventh Fleet units navigated through these areas. This became a situation to which Commander Seventh Fleet felt compelled to respond.
These types of patrols had previously been conducted off the coasts of the Soviet Union, China, and North Korea, but are widely recognized for their role in the Vietnam War. There were three components to the purpose of these patrols. First, they would establish and maintain the presence of the
U.S. Seventh Fleet in the international waters off the China coast and later the Vietnamese coast. Second, they would serve as a minor Cold War irritant to the Chinese Communists. Third, they would collect as much intelligence
as possible during the patrols.
The tactical purpose of the patrols in Vietnam was to intercept North Vietnamese Army intelligence and relay it to South Vietnamese Army forces. With the intercepted communications, the South Vietnamese were able to more effectively coordinate their raids. The destroyers taking part in the DESOTO patrols in Vietnam were accompanied by air support provided by the aircraft carrier (CV-14).
The DESOTO patrols were part of a larger scheme known as Operation 34A. Run by the Department of Defense at the time, Operation 34A, or "OPLAN 34Alpha" was a top secret program consisting primarily of covert actions against the North Vietnamese.
Patrols and SIGADs.
The naval Direct Support Units (DSUs) based out of The U.S. Naval Communication Station Philippines in San Miguel, Philippines (SIGAD USN-27) used the SIGAD USN-467 as a generic designator for their missions. Each specific patrol received a letter suffix for its duration. The subsequent mission would receive the next letter in an alphabetic sequence.
Declassified SIGADs.
The following table lists the patrols that have been declassified.
Gulf of Tonkin Incident.
SIGAD USN-467N specifically designates the DSU aboard the USS Maddox during the patrol involved with the Gulf of Tonkin incident. This patrol was 18th DESOTO type patrol (each with a Naval Security Group detachment embarked) conducted since 1962. On August 2, 1964, the destroyer "Maddox", engaged three North Vietnamese Navy torpedo boats of the 135th Torpedo Squadron. A sea battle resulted, in which the "Maddox" expended over two hundred and eighty 3-inch and 5-inch shells, and in which four USN F-8 Crusader jet fighter bombers strafed the torpedo boats. One US aircraft was damaged, one 14.5-millimeter round hit the destroyer, three North Vietnamese torpedo boats were damaged, and four North Vietnamese sailors were killed and six were wounded; there were no U.S. casualties.
Post Gulf of Tonkin Engagement.
Even after the Gulf of Tonkin incident, the DESOTO patrols continued. On 11 September 1964 the Director of the Naval Security Group, Pacific (DIRNAVSECGRUPAC) informed the Director of the NSA (DIRNSA) of plans for an intercept team, SIGAD USN-467P, to be aboard the USS Morton. The patrol was conducted by the "USS Morton" and the USS Edwards approximately one month after the Gulf of Tonkin incident. During this patrol the "Morton" fired upon five fast closing targets, but was unable to confirm the targets visually. Based on radar surveillance the patrol claimed hits on three of the targets.

</doc>
<doc id="2869229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869229" title="Hero (TV channel)">
Hero (TV channel)

Hero (sometimes referred to as Hero TV) is a Filipino cable television network based in Quezon City. It is owned and operated by Creative Programs, Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary of the media conglomerate ABS-CBN Corporation. Its programming is composed primarily of Filipino-dubbed anime aimed at young audiences.
It is currently available in SkyCable and other 200 cable providers throughout the country.
Anime shown on the channel.
Much of the content in Hero is attributed to the fact that Creative Programs Inc's parent company ABS-CBN (through its main network) has produced numerous dubs of anime years before the launch of Hero, as well as maintained an ANIMAX airing block for quite sometime. Aside from those, the channel also airs anime that have not yet seen in any terrestrial or cable channel shown in the Philippines prior to its first showing in the channel, such as "Mirmo de Pon!".
The channel also features anime dubbed by Telesuccess, Inc., supplier for most of the anime aired on ABS-CBN's rival GMA 7. Some of these are "Love Hina", "Rune Soldier", and "Shaman King". Others seen in the channel were previously shown in English on Cartoon Network's Philippine feed (e.g. Crush Gear Turbo) or, in the case of "Zettai Muteki Raijin-Oh", on government-controlled RPN 9 (now known as Solar News Channel).
Furthermore, the channel features re-dubs, i.e. it produced its own dubbed version of anime which previously were already dubbed in Tagalog. Examples of these are "Mon Colle Knights", "Metal Fighter Miku", "Zenki", "The Slayers", and "Voltes V".
In 2011, undubbed anime was introduced to the channel with accompanying Filipino-language subtitles in the form of "" and the "Initial D Extra Stage" OVA. The reason for airing these two anime features in their original Japanese audio is not known.
In the Summer of 2012, HERO began to greatly increase its lineup of new titles, starting with Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds, Toaru Kagaku no Railgun, Naruto Shippuden, Hanasaku Iroha and Shiki; as well as airing the first two series of the Sailor Moon franchise, and a more complete version of the Aniplex-produced Jigoku Shoujo. Except for Sailor Moon, Jigoku Shoujo and Toaru Kagaku no Railgun, all of these titles have never been aired on ANIMAX before (ANIMAX airs Railgun and Sailor Moon in other territories).
Non-anime programs.
Although the channel prides itself as an anime channel, some of the programs it aired were non-anime. They are "Mission Odyssey" and "Shadow of the Elves", both produced by the Berliner Film Companie, and the tokusatsu or live-action shows "The Gransazers", "Masked Rider Ryuki", and "Shaider". As of the present, all five programs mentioned have been pulled out of the program rotation.
The following programs joined and will join these five programs as non-anime programs shown on Hero:
Program blocks.
Current.
Below are Hero's television blocks, past and present (past ones are marked with an asterisk):
Local short segments.
In between shows or commercial breaks, the channel produced short segments for the viewers' pleasure.
Past segments include:

</doc>
<doc id="2869234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869234" title="Surf Communication Solutions">
Surf Communication Solutions

Surf Communication Solutions develops a suite of hardware and software products that drives a wide variety of applications whose common goal is high-capacity distribution of voice and video. These applications are predominantly developed by media gateway, media server and IMS equipment manufacturers in the telecommunication infrastructure field. Surf's products enable convergence of voice, video and data across IP, wireline and wireless networks, including 3G-324M mobile.
The Surf engine is an off-the-shelf fully converged audio/video media processing subsystem that integrates easily into media gateways and servers. It is available in various integration levels, such as AdvancedMC, PMC/PTMC, PCIe and PCI form factor resource boards or DSP chips, which are pre-integrated with leading AdvancedTCA, MicroTCA and CPCI carrier boards and blades.
Surf is a privately held company, established in 1996 and headquartered in Israel with offices in the U.S. and representatives in Europe and APAC. 

</doc>
<doc id="2869243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869243" title="List of state leaders in 255">
List of state leaders in 255


</doc>
<doc id="2869247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869247" title="Fire bar danio">
Fire bar danio

The fire bar danio, Devario maetaengensis, is a small fish in the minnow family. Its description includes:
A former synonym is "Danio maetengensis".

</doc>
<doc id="2869254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869254" title="List of state leaders in 256">
List of state leaders in 256


</doc>
<doc id="2869259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869259" title="Grotte de Spy">
Grotte de Spy

The Grotte de Spy (Cave of Spy) is located near Spy in the municipality of Jemeppe-sur-Sambre, province of Namur, Belgium. It has been classified as Wallonia's Major Heritage by the Walloon Region.
It is one of the most important paleolithic sites in Europe, and has undergone many excavations with many recoveries. In 1886 a discovery was made that still represents a capital episode in the history of science. The excavation was conducted by inhabitants of Liège, and consisted of an archaeologist (Marcel de Puydt), a geologist (Max Lohest) and a paleontologist (Julien Fraipont). This team proved to the international community the existence of a more antiquated type of human, the Neanderthal. Julien Fraipont published about Spy in an American review.

</doc>
<doc id="2869262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869262" title="Temporary variable">
Temporary variable

In computer programming, a temporary variable is a variable whose purpose is short-lived, usually to hold temporary data that will soon be discarded, or before it can be placed at a more permanent memory location. Because it is short-lived, it is usually declared with local scope. There is no formal definition of what makes a variable "temporary", but it is an often-used term in programming.
A typical example would be that of swapping the contents of two variables. To swap the contents of variables "a" and "b" one would typically use a temporary variable "temp" as follows, so as to preserve the data from "a" as it is being overwritten by "b":
Temporary variables are usually named with identifiers that abbreviate the word "temporary", such as "temp", "tmp" or simply "t", or
with common metasyntactic variable names, the most common of which are "foo", "bar", "baz" (see also foobar).

</doc>
<doc id="2869265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869265" title="Quickening (Highlander)">
Quickening (Highlander)

The Quickening is a phenomenon in the "Highlander" films and . Beheading a character known as an "Immortal" produces a powerful energy release from their body called a "Quickening."
The lead cast member of the television series, Adrian Paul, explained, "The Quickening is the receiving of all the power and knowledge another immortal has obtained throughout his/her life. It is like the receiving of a sacrament or a massive orgasm." The series producers stated, "The power of the Quickening is the equivalent to a major electrical storm hitting -- windows explode, lights short circuit, it is almost as if the victorious Immortal is in the center of a lightning storm."
Description.
In the "Highlander" universe, the energy released by a Quickening is absorbed by the Immortal responsible for the beheading. The series producers explained that if "an Immortal is decapitated by something other than the sword of the Immortal he was fighting, (...) what we thought was, as long as an Immortal is present, he gets the Quickening." but it is not known yet what the "Source" exactly is.
On rare occasions, the Quickening overwhelms the personality of the Immortal, even turning a good Immortal evil. This occurrence is known as a "Dark Quickening" in the series version. The converse can also happen; Darius is the only known example of a "Light Quickening."
The Immortal characters are able to sense a nearby Quickening, as well as an ability to know which Immortal has been killed. Such abilities are demonstrated in "Highlander: The Series," when Duncan MacLeod falls on his knees following the beheading of his friend, Lucas Desiree. Desiree is beheaded by Howard Crowley, and MacLeod knows that his friend has died.
"Highlander" movies.
The Quickenings in the "Highlander" movies vary greatly, as the creators were still experimenting with the concept.
"Highlander".
In the original "Highlander" film, When an Immortal beheads another Immortal, the survivor is overwhelmed by an invisible force embodied in a bright flashing light, at which point the dead Immortal's body levitates, releasing an energy charge in the surrounding area.
"Highlander 2".
The Quickenings of this film do not match the other stories. One Quickening de-ages Connor, who had grown old after winning the Prize. The next Quickening resurrects Ramirez after being dead for 500 years — although it is implied that this is due to a "magical bond" between them that even death could not sever. Another odd use of the Quickening has Ramirez expelling his own life-force to stop a large machine from killing Connor. Most unusual, perhaps, is Connor's use of the final Quickening (from General Katana) to destroy the shield surrounding the Earth.
"Highlander 3: The Final Dimension".
In this film, the Quickening is shown to more directly transfer knowledge and skill (as opposed to the vague transfer seen elsewhere). The plot of the movie is that the villain had beheaded an Immortal wizard and absorbed his magical abilities. In theory, Connor received these abilities at the end. Though other "Highlander" stories have featured Immortals with unusual gifts, none have shown the direct transfer of those gifts upon beheading. In the second Quickening, Kane beheads one of his henchmen, causing an electrical storm powerful enough to be felt by Connor MacLeod halfway around the world. This would serve to warn Connor that The Game was not over yet; whether this was an isolated event or something that happens after a long time has passed by with a temporary 'suspension' of The Game remains to be seen.
This film's Quickening sequences have a common theme, starting with Kane receiving the Immortal sorcerer Nakano's Quickening after beheading him, down to the scene where Connor receives Kane's Quickening. The transfer of energy begins with the deceased Immortal's headless body levitating and the surrounding area filling with visible electromagnetic energy capable of causing structural damage to nearby objects. The final Quickening was powerful enough to levitate Connor while he was receiving it; reminiscent of the final Quickening in the first film.
"Highlander: Endgame".
This movie represents the only two occasions of a single Immortal receiving multiple Quickenings at a time. The first occurs when Jacob Kell penetrates the Sanctuary and decapitates all of the Immortals there with the sole exception of Connor MacLeod. They were escaping The Game. Kell's "associates," who are also Immortal, may have been around to share the Quickenings. When Kell beheaded his gang in a "Last Supper"-style execution, the resulting Quickenings were powerful enough to levitate him. The final Quickening, on the other hand, was unique: a disembodied head is generated from the spot where Kell's decapitated body fell; this head shoots lightning bolts at Duncan MacLeod. Also seen during this Quickening is a spiraling plume of water and electrical discharge rising rapidly towards the clouds and generating an electrical storm that lasts until Duncan fully receives it.
The fourth "Highlander" movie follows the television show rather than the earlier movies; therefore, its Quickenings follow the rules of the show. Kell has amassed more than 600 Quickenings and this is reflected in his increased skill as a fighter; Connor also asserts that he must be killed by Duncan so that Duncan is strong enough to defeat Kell.
Duncan appears to briefly take on the voice and appearance of Connor at one point prior to Kell's defeat. This has only been seen on one other occasion, in "Haunted", the 7th Episode of the 5th season of the "Highlander" television series; it is the episode in which Jennifer Hill first meets Richie Ryan. Ryan briefly takes on the voice and appearance of Alec Hill, Jennifer's Immortal husband, whom Richie had defeated and killed the previous summer.
Criticism of the holy-ground beheadings resulted in the removal, from the DVD edition, of all references describing the Sanctuary as "holy ground."
"Highlander: The Source".
Only two Quickenings are featured in this sequel; both are received by the Guardian. In keeping with previous Quickenings, the beheaded Immortal's essence (represented by electrical discharges) first emanates from the base of the severed neck, followed by explosions. Due to the power of the Source's manifestation, Immortals who seek the location of the Source lose their Immortality (and theoretically their Quickening). Immortal characters could thus be killed permanently without beheading, and when decapitated do not release the Quickening.
The Quickenings feature several notable differences, unique to the movie and important in both plot and character development. The first Quickening is received by the Guardian shortly after being awakened and demonstrtes two unusual effects: it magically removes a piece of armor protecting the Guardian's neck from beheading, which was attempted by the Immortal Zai several times during his losing battle with the Guardian. It also grants him the ability to use a sword drawn from his own flesh (the Guardian did not have a sword when awakened; he killed Zai with his own blade). This effectively enables the Guardian to once again participate in the Game after several thousand years of inactivity. The second Quickening is shown in a flashback several thousand years earlier in the movie's timeline. It results in a curse affecting the two Immortals surviving the battle against the previous Guardian: one was transformed into a mass of decaying Immortal flesh; the other was cursed to take the Guardian's place.
In the movie's plot, access to the Source is contingent in one of two outcomes of a contest between the Guardian and another Immortal. If the Guardian is successfully challenged and defeated by another Immortal, the Immortal is presented with a choice whether or not to decapitate the Guardian and receive his Quickening. By choosing the former, he takes the Guardian's place; if he chooses to spare the Guardian, the curse is carried by the loser and he gains access to the Source.
"Highlander: The Search For Vengeance".
"" contains two Quickenings that occur in the same manner as those in the first original "Highlander" movie. A Japanese woman in the fields undergoes vibrations in her head and slightly rolls her eyes as she becomes immortal. Colin MacLeod's Quickening by lightning takes place inside an old Stonehenge-like structure and is very similar to Connor MacLeod's Quickening in the "Highlands of Scotland."
"Highlander: The Series".
All Quickenings featured on the television series (as well as the spin-off movie "") take the form of lightning storms striking the victor. The exact nature of each Quickening varies. With the exception of Slan Quince's Quickening in "," the Quickening sequences begins with a foggy or misty veil enveloping the loser's fallen body; lightning storms of varying intensity then follow. Sometimes it is seen as a transfer of knowledge (represented through visions of the deceased Immortal's life or briefly taking on their mannerisms), while other times the world around the Immortal changes through cloud coverage and the passage of several hours (generally day to night). All Quickenings feature lightning and explosions (the power of the surrounding explosions also varies). Sometimes physical manifestations (ghosts, spirits) and levitation (of the receiver or nearby objects) accompanies the Quickening, especially very powerful ones.
Quickening types.
Dark Quickening.
A build up of Quickenings from evil Immortals can overwhelm even the best of Immortals and lead to a Dark Quickening. The Dark Quickening draws out the darker elements of an Immortal's psyche until they become evil themselves.
In season four episode 13 of "," an Immortal Native American named Coltec, who took it upon himself to rid the world of evil by killing as many evil Immortals as he could, was eventually overwhelmed by the Dark Quickening. Duncan MacLeod was forced to kill his friend and was himself overwhelmed.
Duncan then went on a rampage in Paris, ending with the beheading of another old friend, Sean Burns. Burns was known as one of the wisest and most peaceful of the Immortals and his Quickening subdued the Dark Quickening long enough for Methos to take Duncan to a long forgotten healing spring where Duncan was able to vanquish his darkness.
Light Quickening.
In the first season of "Highlander," the Immortal monk Darius was introduced as an ancient warlord who led an army across Europe. When he reached the gates of Paris, Darius encountered an Immortal holy man who tried to protect the city. When Darius beheaded the holy man, his purer essence overwhelmed Darius and caused him to disband his army and spend the next thousand years living in peace on holy ground.
Double Quickening.
From the 5th season episode "," the only example of a double Quickening came as Duncan and Methos battled the remaining Horsemen in their French lair. Duncan battled the Horsemen leader Kronos, while Methos (a Horseman himself) turned against his former "brothers" and battled Silas. As Duncan and Methos won their respective battles at the same time, the Quickenings merged and split between the two of them in an unusual display of a spiraled lightning effect.
Mortal Beheadings.
Renegade Watcher James Horton and his band of allies beheaded several immortals between 1990-1993. Since they were mortal, the Quickening was presumably lost (whether it manifested at all is uncertain). This type of beheading was featured in more detail on the spin-off series "." In one episode, the mortal character Nick beheads an Immortal by firing his gun at a huge pane of glass that then beheads the villain. With no other Immortal present, the Quickening appears as a stream of lightning floating up towards the sky. It is unknown whether this is the same effect that happened with Horton's beheadings since it was revealed later that Nick was a pre-Immortal (one who had not had his first death yet).
The only time we see Horton behead an Immortal onscreen, a second Immortal is present and, though he did not deliver the killing blow, the Quickening went to him. This was also shown on "" when Nick beheaded an Immortal and Amanda Darieux was nearby to receive the Quickening.
In "Highlander 3: The Final Dimension," the immortal Pierre is beheaded by guillotine. Connor MacLeod is present, but presumably out of range, and no Quickening effects are seen or heard. However, it should be noted that the flashback ends quickly after the beheading; thus, it is possible that MacLeod could have received his Quickening off-screen.
The question of how near an Immortal must be to receive a "free" Quickening may be indicated by the season 2 episode "Counterfeit." Charles Browning shoots one of the sheriff's men who is about to behead Duncan MacLeod, but later tries to kill Duncan, saying his Quickening would have been wasted if he had not intervened. Since MacLeod had not sensed Browning, the range of the "Buzz" may delineate the range of the Quickening.
In "," a dying Dahlia kills Marcus's immortal lover by sticking a grenade in her mouth. The result is a massive spherical explosion of Quickening rather than either of the above effects.
Holy Ground beheading.
The rules of the "Highlander" universe state that Immortal combat is strictly forbidden on Holy Ground, though in "Endgame" Jacob Kell beheaded multiple Immortals on holy ground without repercussions. In "," General Katana (Michael Ironside) states that the "Golden Rule" is that immortals must not fight on Holy Ground. This would explain Jacob Kell's actions in "" when he beheads several Immortals at The Sanctuary, a location that Immortal Methos referred to as Holy Ground. The Immortals at the Sanctuary are all in metal restraints meaning that Immortal "combat" did not take place "per se." The idea that they were killed on Holy Ground, however, was still controversial enough with fans that subsequent releases of the film removed any reference to The Sanctuary as Holy Ground.
In the theatrical trailer of "," Kell states that he does not care about The Game. However, when confronted by Connor MacLeod in a cemetery, Kell decides to step into the road running alongside it before fighting him. Connor at any rate, holds his sword to Kell's neck but stops short of beheading him.
At least a hint of those unknown consequences can be glimpsed in "Highlander 3: The Final Dimension" when, despite the rules, Kane fights Connor at a sanctuary. A foreboding atmospheric effect begins with a closeup on a statuette of The Buddha (the location on which they are fighting is a former Buddhist shrine). The fight culminates with the destruction of Connor's sword which shatters into thousands of fragments. The two immortals wisely choose to postpone their battle.
In the Season 1 episode of "" called "The Hunters," Darius is killed in his church. However, his beheading was carried out by mortal Watchers with no Immortal present. Therefore the rules of Immortal combat do not apply, and the Quickening may not have manifested itself.
According to Joe Dawson a Watcher legend describes "two Immortals going at it in a Temple of Apollo" in A.D. 79 in Pompeii, which may have led to the eruption of Vesuvius. However, he admits that this is only a rumor.
Immortals may be forbidden from any type of combat on holy ground; in Season 2 episode "Unholy Alliance, Part 1," Horton meets MacLeod on holy ground and claims holy-ground protection when he sees that MacLeod wants to attack him. Although MacLeod disarms Horton in the graveyard in Season 2 episode "Counterfeit, Part 2," he waits until Horton has run out the gate before he confronts him. However, in Season 1's first episode, "The Hunters," after MacLeod discovers Darius's body in his church, he mentions that Darius "must have put up one hell of a fight."
Sword Quickening.
The animated series added a new type of Quickening. Because it was aimed at young children and most of the Immortals passed on their power willingly, beheadings took place offscreen and only by Kortan. The series revealed that Quickenings could occur when the donor and the recipient together gripped a sword. This is how Quentin received a Quickening.
If in the future, this becomes canon, it will mean that an immortal can give up his/her own Quickening to another at will, in addition to beheadings. In one episode, Kortan was shown killing Connor MacLeod off-screen because he refused to transfer his Quickening through the sword. Kortan later threatened Quentin with the ominous assertion, "Your head will roll at my feet as did the head of Connor MacLeod."
As the animated series was not considered to be in continuity with either the film series (up until "Highlander 3") or the live action series (including the "Highlander: Endgame" film as it incorporated the TV series continuity fairly implicitly), Connor's death at Kortan's hand, if it was ever canon, has since been retconned out of history, due to Duncan beheading him in "Endgame." For that matter, this type of Quickening was essentially ignored thereafter, including the flash episodes featuring Methos. In addition, the animated series has no direct impact on the Quickenings seen in "Highlander: The Search For Vengeance," which also seemed to follow the rules of the original series.
No official explanation as given as to how this type of Quickening developed, or if it had always been possible.
Development.
In "Highlander: The Series," the producers were required to make the beheadings less violent, thereby adhering to television standards. William Panzer, who was Peter S. Davis's partner and a joint executive producer, explained, "In the movies, you know, we had a lot more license. But this being television in the early 1990s, we couldn't have a lot of body parts flying around. So, we tried to use something that created the idea that somebody got their head cut off, but that it was more like a jolt of light came out of the head, and the lightning flew around them. This, I suppose, was less violent than the movie version." Consequently, the Quickening scene in the pilot episode, "The Gathering," is described in the script as follows:
"We will call this shot for want of a better term, the Quickening Thrust. This will be one of our signature shots of the show. Perhaps it is a strobed, slow-motion shot. Perhaps there is particular glint to the sword as it slashes towards us on a POV shot, representing the coup de grâce which is about to be delivered. In any event what we will NOT see, is a decapitation. No head leaves the body, indeed no sword strikes the neck. Instead, we cut to : The Quickening is a blinding flash of blue light emanating from what was the bad guy and filling the screen and arcing into anything electrical nearby. Thus, street lamps, car headlights, windows, etc. are blown out."
Panzer remarked about the Quickening in "Revenge Is Sweet," "... outside during day is not great for Quickenings. Quickenings like night, Quickenings like the special effects it gives you, Quickenings do not like blowing up flower pots. This is something we've learnt from experience here and we never did it again."
Panzer says about the Quickening in "See No Evil," set inside the Orpheum Theatre in Vancouver, "Because it was (...) a real old theater, doing the Quickening in there was a little eerie because any kind of pyrotechnics were kinda to be used outside, were dangerous, were fireworks. And we had to use a whole new system of pyro, to cap it safely inside, and everybody was kind of happy that we worked it out in the theater without burning it at all."
Panzer thinks the most elaborate Quickening in the television series appeared in the Season 1episode "Band of Brothers:" "When the pyrotechnics went off, it was shot in slow motion, and so the actual take, the wide shot was two and a half minutes long, and I was still, it was probably the most amazing Quickening that we ever had."

</doc>
<doc id="2869268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869268" title="Sakaume-gumi">
Sakaume-gumi

The is a yakuza organization based in Osaka, Japan. The Sakaume-gumi is a designated yakuza group with an estimated 110 active members. 
The Sakaume-gumi is an old-established, small group that focuses primarily on gambling, and not on other activities like extortion and drugs. Perhaps because of this, it has had relatively good relations with the local police.
When Japan passed new anti-boryokudan laws in 1992, the Sakaume-gumi was one of the few Kansai-based groups not to launch legal challenges against the new legislation. At a hearing, the group's representative stated, "If the Sakaume-gumi fulfills conditions for designation (as a boryokudan group), we have no choice but to accept it." 
History.
The Sakaume-gumi was registered as a designated yakuza group under the Organized Crime Countermeasures Law in May 1993.
Condition.
The Sakaume-gumi is one of the two designated yakuza groups based in the Osaka Prefecture, along with the Azuma-gumi, and maintains its headquarters office in Nishinari, Osaka.
One former member of the Sakaume-gumi has achieved a measure of fame in another field: born-again Christianity. Rev Hiroyuki Suzuki, a tattooed, pinky-missing former Sakaume-gumi gangster, has become an evangelical Christian preacher.

</doc>
<doc id="2869278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869278" title="Heat of the Moment">
Heat of the Moment

"Heat of the Moment" is the first hit single released by progressive rock supergroup Asia from their smash 1982 eponymous debut. The song was the most popular on the album, and won enormous success in North America, reaching #4 in both the Canadian Singles chart and on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It was aided by an innovative - and hugely popular - MTV music video.
The single also climbed to the top position on the U.S. "Billboard" Mainstream Rock chart, remaining six non-consecutive weeks at #1 in the spring and summer of 1982. It was written by John Wetton and Geoff Downes. "Heat of the Moment" is featured at the beginning of another Asia song called "Don't Call Me" as a dialing number from a telephone.
Interpretation.
The lyrics contain the line, "And now you find yourself in '82". While this is often interpreted to refer to the year 1982, Wetton has said that it refers to a location. However, in live versions, Wetton has often substituted the current year for "82" in the second verse and rhymed it with another word.
B-sides.
"Time Again" is the B-side of the UK release. The song was written by all the band members, Geoff Downes, Steve Howe, Carl Palmer and John Wetton, and can also be found on the "Asia" album.
"Ride Easy" is the B-side of the singles released outside of the UK. This song was written by Wetton and Howe. It was never given a regular release on a studio album, but it was included in the EP "Aurora", released only in Japan in 1986. During an interview on the 2007 released Asia DVD "Fantasia: Live in Tokyo", Wetton indicated that "Ride Easy" is one of his favourite Asia songs.
It was eventually released on CD on "".

</doc>
<doc id="2869280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869280" title="Yewa clan">
Yewa clan

The Egbado, now Yewa, are a clan of the Yoruba people, and inhabit the eastern area of Ogun West Senatorial District, Ogun State, in south-west Nigeria, Africa. In 1995 they changed their name to the Yewa. Yewa clan is now comprises 4 local Governments Yewa-South, Yewa-North, Imeko-Afon and Ipokiawhile the Ado-Odo/Ota LGA forms the 5th Awori part of the senatorial district
History.
The Egbado appear to have migrated - possibly from the Ketu, Ile-Ife, or Oyo - to their current area early in the 18th century. Egbado towns, most importantly Ilaro, Ayetoro, Imeko, Ipokia and Igbogila, were established in the 18th century to take advantage of the slave trade routes from the inland Oyo empire to the coast at Porto-Novo. Other towns were Ilobi and Ijanna, which were strategic in protecting the flanks of the slaving routes. The Egbado were subject to the rule of the Oyo kingdom, which managed them via governor Onisare of Ijanna. The Oyo were unable to deploy their cavalry force to protect the routes, due to tsetse fly and lack of horse-fodder - and thus had to rely on the Egbado to manage the routes. The historians Akinjogbin, Morton-Williams and Smith all agree that by the early 18th century this route to the coast was heavily engaged in slave trading, and that slaves were the mainstay of the Oyo economy.
The Egbado later achieved a fragile independence after the fall of the Oyo kingdom, but were subject to frequent attacks from other groups such as the slave-raiding Dahomey (who seized, among others, Princess Sara Forbes Bonetta), and various tribes who wished to force open their own slave-trading routes to the sea. Ilaro and Ijanna towns had been destroyed by the 1830s. By the 1840s the Egbado had come under the control of the adjacent Egba group, who used the Egbado territory to forge routes to Badagry and the port of Lagos. By the 1860s the Egba abandoned the route because the British were actively using their formidable navy to try to abolish the slave trade. As a consequence the Egba expelled British missionaries and traders from the area in 1867.
After 1890 the Egbado asked for a British protectorate and got a small armed garrison, thus becoming independent of the Egba. The area became part of the British Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria in 1914, as Egbado Division in Abeokuta Province. The administrative headquarters were later transferred away, after the creation of the new Ogun State subsumed the old Abeokuta Province.
meanwhile Alaari as it was named after a man that live in a part of the ipokia local government which later become popular city, in Ogun State, enclosed by Anago, egun, they are all live for over a decade, Alaari is now a town from where the current Doctor of psychiatric Dr. Olushola Ezekiel Omitogun come from.
The modern Egbado/Yewa.
In 1995 the Egbado chose to rename themselves the "Yewa", after the name of the Yewa River that passes through the area they inhabit. They are primarily agriculturalists, but there is some artisan textile processing. They are located mainly in the areas of: Ado-Odo/Ota, Ipokia, Yewa South, Yewa North, Imeko Afon, and part of Abeokuta North. There are complaints that the system of patronage and nepotism in Nigerian politics has caused the area to be negelected in terms of investment.
The area developed a popular style of music, called Bolojo, in the 1970s.
The population level is uncertain, but may be around 400,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2869286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869286" title="Phil Davis (actor)">
Phil Davis (actor)

Philip Davis (born 30 July 1953) is an English film actor, writer and director who has appeared in many films and television series. He has written and directed various dramas during his career.
Personal life.
Davis is married to actress Eve Matheson. They have a daughter, Amy Elisabeth (born 2002, Hackney, London) The couple married in the same borough later that year. Davis also has a son, Hugo (born 1996), by a previous partner.
Recording career.
In 1980 Davis recorded 'Blown It' which was released on the Elton John owned label, The Rocket Record Company.

</doc>
<doc id="2869290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869290" title="Brigham, Cumbria">
Brigham, Cumbria

The village of Brigham, near the town of Cockermouth, Cumbria, England, has existed as a settlement since neolithic times. 
Brigham was an early centre of Christianity in Cumbria. The church of St Bridget's, was originally a Norman building, and is situated at the far north of the village, known as Low Brigham; it contains several fragments of pre-Norman crosses and other early carved stones. A disused quarry is situated in the centre of the village, above which runs the main street of High Brigham. The quarry is bisected by the road called Stang Lonning. Newer housing estates known as High Rigg and The Hill are at the west and east of the village. 
Until the closure of the Cockermouth and Workington Railway in 1966, Brigham had a railway station. At one time there was also a second station serving the hamlet of Broughton Cross, 1 km west of the main village.
The village gave its name to HMS Brigham, a Ham class minesweeper. The ship's bell from this vessel is now in St Bridget's Church of England primary school in the village. Until a more modern fire alarm system was installed, this bell was rung as the fire alarm for the school.
The family of "Bounty" mutineer Fletcher Christian are buried in the graveyard at St. Bridget's. Fletcher himself, born and raised in the township of Eaglesfield within Brigham parish, and christened at St. Bridget's, is thought to be buried on Pitcairn Island, though some have claimed that he returned secretly to England.
The village has its own Church of England primary school, St. Bridget's, with just over 100 pupils. There is no longer a Post Office in Brigham, though there is still a village store, a hairdressing salon and a social club. Brigham used to have 3 local pubs which all have now been transformed into houses.
Etymology.
'Brigham' is 'homestead near the bridge'. 'Brycg' is OE (Old English) for 'bridge'; 'hām' is OE for 'village', 'homestead'.
Further reading.
David Bradbury (compiler), "Pages From Brigham's History" Whitehaven, Past Presented (2008) ISBN 978-1-904367-33-8

</doc>
<doc id="2869294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869294" title="William Hodge">
William Hodge

William Hodge ( November 1, 1874 Albion, New York, USA - d. Jan 30, 1932 Greenwich, Connecticut, USA) also known as William T. Hodge was an American director, producer, performer and writer. He was born to Thomas Hodge and Mary Anderson. He appeared in the original 1904 Broadway hit play "Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch", "Dream City"(1906) by Victor Herbert and the huge hit play for which he's best remembered "The Man from Home" (1908). The latter play was a huge success for him and he revived it over the years. With it he became along with other stars such as David Warfield and Rose Stahl an actor noted for a single huge success.

</doc>
<doc id="2869314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869314" title="Masada College">
Masada College

Masada College is the only Jewish day school on Sydney's North Shore. The high school (Michael Faktor Campus) is located with Kehillat Masada Synagogue. The primary school campus is in Lindfield, next to the North Shore Synagogue. Masada College also maintains two preschools, Poppy Cottage (for 2–3-year-olds), located on the Secondary School campus, and Victor Smith (for 4–5-year-olds), located on the Primary School campus.
History.
Masada was established in 1962 as the North Shore Jewish Kindergarten and became a primary school in 1966. In its first year it had only 14 pupils. The High School was established in 1982 and initially had 60 students in years 7 and 8.
Academic achievement.
Masada has been in the top 20 for HSC in 18 out of the past 19 years. In 2008 Masada was placed 13th overall in NSW and 1st non-selective school on the North Shore. In the non-selective state rankings Masada placed 3rd with 1st in Mathematics and 5th in English.
In late 2008 the NSW Board of Studies found that in 2008 29.5% of students from Masada who sat the HSC did so with some form of special consideration. A member of the Board of Studies' committee for processing special applications noted the ease with which schools and parents could arrange medical certification of minor ailments and use the certifications to gain special dispensations for students sitting the competitive final examinations.

</doc>
<doc id="2869319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869319" title="Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki">
Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki

Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki () is a Polish football club based in Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki, Poland. This team played 2003-2004 in Ekstraklasa under the name "Lukullus Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki" for first time, but it was relegated after one season as 13th team with 22 points, preceded by 14th Widzew Łódź and succeeded by 12th Górnik Polkowice, which also relegated with one point more after only season in Ekstraklasa.

</doc>
<doc id="2869326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869326" title="Kilkenny railway station, Adelaide">
Kilkenny railway station, Adelaide

Kilkenny railway station is on the suburban rail route from Adelaide to Woodville, Grange and Outer Harbor. Kilkenny is from Adelaide. The station has the Caution More Than One Train lights. This location was the first on the Outer Harbour/Grange Line to have the lights. They are used for various times of the day, like off-peak weekday services
Services.
All passenger services are operated by Adelaide Metro. There are now no freight trains through Kilkenny. Monday to Friday, during off-peak times, trains depart every 30 minutes to and from the Grange line (each train makes a connection at Woodville for stations to Outer Harbor). Peak hour services run more frequently, whilst in the evenings and at weekends there is one train per hour to/from the Grange line and one per hour to/from the Outer Harbor line.
Platform 1:
Platform 2:
History.
The railway line from Adelaide to Port Adelaide opened in April 1856, but for the first 25 years, there was no station at Kilkenny. Kilkenny station was built when the single track Port Adelaide railway was duplicated in 1881.
A network of goods sidings was subsequently installed on both sides of the main line to serve various factories which were established in the vicinity.
By the early years of the 20th century, there were two signal cabins at Kilkenny – one at the Adelaide end of the station controlling access to sidings, the other at the Woodville end controlling the level crossing across David Terrace. In 1930, three-aspect colour-light signalling was installed on this section of the Port line in an effort to accommodate the close headways necessary with the heavy traffic of that era.
Kilkenny was busy with both passengers and goods by virtue of the industrial activity in the area. However as heavy industries declined in the 1960s and 1970s, so did traffic to and from the station. The goods sidings were closed in September 1977 and were subsequently removed, along with the signal cabin.
Even the freight trains, which passed through Kilkenny on regular trips between Mile End and Gillman Yard (at Port Adelaide) disappeared when the goods facilities at Mile End Yard closed in the early 1990s. The interstate rail corridors from Adelaide have now been converted to standard gauge and freight operations transferred to the Adelaide Freight Terminal at Islington station, and the Port Flat yard at Port Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="2869339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869339" title="Vaspurakan">
Vaspurakan

Vaspurakan (also transliterated as Vasbouragan in Western Armenian; , (Vaspourakan) meaning the "noble land" or "land of princes") was the eighth province of Greater Armenia, which later became an independent kingdom during the Middle Ages, centered around Lake Van. Located in what is now called northeastern Turkey and northwestern Iran, the region is considered to be the cradle of Armenian civilization.
History.
From the 9th century BC, Vaspurakan was part of Urartu. In the 6th century BC, it became part of Satrapy of Armenia. From 189 BC, it became one of Greater Armenia's provinces. Then it became part of Arsacid Dynasty of Armenia. After the division of 387, it was included into Persian Armenia. In the 8th century, it fell under Arab control. Many rebellions took place in Vaspurakan. In 885, within the territory of Kingdom of Armenia, it became free.
During most of its history, it was ruled by the Ardzruni dynasty, which first managed to create a principality in the area. At its greatest extent Vaspurakan comprised the lands between Lake Van and Lake Urmia (also known as "Kaputan") in 908. In 908 Gagik I of Vaspurakan was recognized King of Armenia by the Abbasid Caliph in competition to the Bagratids, but soon he was reconciled with Ashot II, who recognized him as the King of Vaspurakan. In 1021, Seneqerim Ardzruni gave Vaspurakan to the Byzantine Empire, receiving estates in Sebasteia and surroundings in exchange.
After Vaspurakan was ceded to the Byzantine Empire, it was conquered by Seljuq Turks. Laterly it was ruled by Ahlatshahs, Ayyubids and Sultanate of Rum successively. In the beginning of 13th century, part of Vaspurakan was liberated by the Zakarids, but was then conquered by the Mongols, and then by the Ottoman Turks. Notable is the Siege of Van of 1915 during the Armenian Genocide.
Cantons.
Vapusrakan's territory was and was divided into 35 cantons. They usually took the name of the local "nakharar" (canton chief) that ruled them:
References.
«Վասպուրական» Հայրենակցական միություն http://vaspurakan.blogspot.com/

</doc>
<doc id="2869343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869343" title="Mowat Block">
Mowat Block

The Mowat Block is an office building in Toronto, Ontario, home to Ontario's provincial Ministry of Education, Training, Colleges and Universities, Public Infrastructure and the Ministry of Culture. It is part of a massive 24 storey government complex east of Queen's Park at College Street and University Avenue. It is one of the buildings of the large complex called Ontario Government Buildings next to the Ontario Legislative Building.
The international style office building was designed by Shore Tilbe Henschel Irwin Architecs and Engineers (now Shore Tilbe Irwin + Partners), and built in the 1960s and named for former Premier and Father of Confederation Sir Oliver Mowat. Mowat Block also home to other provincial offices. It is located at 900 Bay Street.
Other government buildings nearby include:

</doc>
<doc id="2869346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869346" title="Delimiterless input">
Delimiterless input

Delimiterless input is a special feature of some minicomputers and all microcomputers in which the computer can recognize and act upon a single character or keypress without requiring use of a "transmit" or "send" key. Older mini and mainframe computers generally operated on a line-at-a-time or screen-at-a-time basis. The line was sent to the computer by pressing the return, enter, send or transmit key, depending on what the key was called.
Line-at-a-time.
Editing of the typed-in line was done on the screen via the delete or backspace key, and the entire line was transmitted to the computer when the send key was pressed.
Screen-at-a-time.
Mainframe computers such as IBM's 370 and the System 38 used terminals such as the IBM 3270 which transmitted an entire screen of information all at once as opposed to a line at a time.
Efficiency gain.
Mini and mainframe computers tended to serve many users at one time, and using line-at-a-time or screen-at-a-time input is more efficient for the computer. Most of the activity of a user of one of these machines is either reading output sent to them or waiting for input to be sent back to the running program, and thus other users could be served while the specific user was composing input. Terminals connected to these machines had limited editing capability, and thus were sometimes referred to as dumb terminals.
Delimiterless input.
Minicomputers such as the PDP-11, and microcomputers ("personal computers") such as the TRS-80, Apple II and IBM-PC were able to implement delimiterless input as part of their design specification. Microcomputers, generally having only one user connected to them, could afford to support the less efficient delimiterless input capability as keyboard input could be handled by less expensive circuitry than that used on more expensive machines. This would then lead to the development of much more powerful games for personal computers. While games existed even on some of the largest computers, most of them were written, same as any other program, to either operate on line-at-a-time or screen-at-a-time input.

</doc>
<doc id="2869350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869350" title="Alum Rock–Santa Teresa (VTA)">
Alum Rock–Santa Teresa (VTA)

Alum Rock–Santa Teresa is a light rail route operated by Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA). The Alum Rock–Santa Teresa route is one of three existing VTA light rail routes. The other two light rail routes are the Mountain View–Winchester line and the Ohlone/Chynoweth–Almaden line. On system maps, the line is represented as the Blue Line; however, unlike many other transit systems, VTA personnel does not refer to the line by its color, much less refer to it as Line 901 on official documents.
Route description.
The Alum Rock–Santa Teresa line starts from Alum Rock Transit Center station in East San Jose, travels north along Capitol Avenue (which changes names twice along the route—Great Mall Parkway and Tasman Drive). It then turns south at First Street, traveling through downtown San Jose. Then after brief turns onto West San Carlos Street and Woz Way, the route travels south in the median of State Route 87. The final leg of the route runs south along the median of State Route 85 to its terminus at the Santa Teresa station in South San Jose. The route is approximately 24.2 mi (39 km) long and takes approximately one hour and ten minutes for the entire trip.
Owl service.
From February 2000 to April 14, 2003, VTA operated all night train service with light rail vehicles (commonly known as "owl service") on a 70 minute frequency. VTA light rail was the only light rail service in the United States to operate 24 hours a day. The owl service was curtailed in 2003 as a result of mounting deficits.
Construction history.
The Alum Rock–Santa Teresa line is a culmination of three separate construction projects that have gradually expanded the light rail system. Its specific pathway, and the fact that it shares part with the Mountain View–Winchester line, is the result of reroutes that occurred after the Tasman East/Capitol and Vasona extensions to East San Jose and Campbell, respectively.
Original Guadelupé line.
This light rail route contains the entire original Guadalupé line opened in April 1991 from Tasman station to Santa Teresa station. The stations between Tasman and Convention Center are also served by the Mountain View–Winchester line.
Tasman West extension and Tasman East extension first phase.
The Alum Rock–Santa Teresa line also contains parts of Tasman West extension opened in December 1999 from Tasman station to Baypointe station. The first phase of the Tasman East extension opened in May 2001 between Baypointe and I-880/Milpitas stations.
Tasman East/Capitol extension.
On June 24, 2004, the 8.3-mile (13.4-km) Tasman East/Capitol extension was opened, incorporating 8 new stations. This extension runs from the I-880/Milpitas station east along the Great Mall Parkway in Milpitas, then into East San Jose on Capitol Avenue to Alum Rock Transit Center on Alum Rock Avenue. This extension brings service to the Great Mall of the Bay Area in Milpitas. The total cost of this extension was $432.9 million.
Possible future expansion.
A connection to BART on this line is proposed for the Montague station as part of the "BART to Milpitas, San Jose, and Santa Clara" project. Future additions to this line may include a light rail station at Gay Avenue, pending funding, and an extension further south on Capitol Expressway to VTA's Eastridge Transit Center and to State Route 87. This extension may eventually be brought all the way around to the existing Capitol station, with an intermediate connection to Caltrain.
Commuter Express light rail.
On October 4, 2010, the VTA has introduced a new Commuter Express light rail service on this line, currently operating between Baypointe and Santa Teresa stations. The service operates three trips each in the morning (to Baypointe) and in the afternoon (to Santa Teresa) that calls at all stops, and it operates nonstop between Convention Center and Ohlone/Chynoweth stations. It offers free WiFi access on all trains on this service.
Station stops.
"Transfer to Mountain View–Winchester line anywhere between Tasman and Convention Center."
Station facilities.
Many stops along this line have park-and-ride facilities for its passengers, as well as bike stations, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2869353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869353" title="Dorothy Kenyon">
Dorothy Kenyon

Dorothy Kenyon (February 17, 1888 – February 12, 1972) was a New York lawyer, judge, feminist and political activist in support of civil liberties. During the era of McCarthyite persecution, she was accused of being affiliated with 28 communist front organizations. Kenyon was a charismatic speaker, and she regularly travelled around the U.S. lecturing about civil liberties, the law, and women's equality.
Kenyon was born in New York City to Maria Wellington (Stanwood) and William Houston Kenyon, a patent lawyer. She grew up on the Upper West Side, with a family summer home in Lakeville, Connecticut. She graduated from Horace Mann School in 1904 and attended Smith College, studying economics and history. At Smith, she also participated in hockey, tennis, and was a Phi Beta Kappa, graduating in 1908. After graduation, she spent a year in Mexico and observed poverty and injustice at a close range. After this experience, she decided to focus on social activism. She graduated from New York University School of Law in 1917 and in her first job served as a research specialist in the group of lawyers advising delegates to the Versailles Peace Conference. As a research specialist, Kenyon studied wartime labor patterns and collected economic data for the conference. Before working for the U.S. government in Washington D.C., she briefly worked as a law clerk in a New York firm. From 1919-1925, Kenyon worked for the firm of Pitkin Rosenson and Henderson in New York City. In the 1920s, she was known for her support of birth control. In 1920 she was a co-founder of the Consumers Cooperative Services, which ran a chain of cooperative cafeterias in New York City.
In the 1930s and for most of her career, Kenyon devoted a great deal of her energy to push for social justice and to a variety of liberal and progressive causes such as the New Deal, Women's Rights, the Labor Movement, and consumer cooperatives. Also during 1930, Kenyon established the law firm of Straus and Kenyon with Dorothy Straus, with whom she worked in partnership to campaign for women's advancement until 1939, when she became a justice of the Municipal Court. She identified herself as a feminist and though she played only a minor role in the suffrage movement, she took many leadership and officer roles and positions in many different women's organizations that focused on improving women's status. In 1934, Kenyon was appointed as a member of the New York City Comptroller's Council on taxes for the Relief of the unemployed and in 1936 she chaired a committee to study procedure in women's courts where she called for more sympathetic treatment of prostitutes and stronger persecution of the men who patronize them. From 1935-1937, she served as Deputy License and Commissioner of New York. From 1938-1943, she worked on the League of Nations Committee and traveled regularly between New York and Europe. Dorothy Kenyon was also known as "Judge Kenyon" after serving as Justice of the Municipal Court from 1939-1940. During her membership on the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, from 1946 until 1950, Kenyon deplored the small role of women in the government of the United States.
In response to Joseph McCarthy's accusations on March 8, 1950 of her involvement with communist organizations, she described him as "an unmitigated liar" and "a coward to take shelter in the cloak of Congressional immunity." She also responded with "I am not, and never have been, a supporter of, a member of, or a sympathizer with any organization known to me to be, or suspected by me, of being controlled or dominated by Communists." The following day, "The New York Times" published an editorial supporting Kenyon, following which McCarthy claimed to have little interest in the case. A Senate subcommittee dismissed the charges on July 17.
McCarthy alleged that Kenyon had been a member of 29 Communist front organizations. Two "reliable former members of the Communist party" reportedly told McCarthy that "she had one job and one job only and that was to attach herself to a prominent individual... high in public life and try to influence the writings of that individual," according to a "New York Times" report from July 28, 1954. 
However, in the wake of her confrontation with McCarthy, Kenyon received widespread support from the press and from respected public figures such as Eleanor Roosevelt. Though she was vindicated from the accusations, the experience tarnished Kenyon's reputation to the degree that she never received another political appointment.
During the 1950s and 1960s, Kenyon prepared briefs for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and worked for the ACLU, American Civil Liberties Union. She continued to push the ACLU to take a stand against sexist policies and institutions. Kenyon was the sole woman on the board of the ACLU for many years. She worked with African-American activist and attorney Pauli Murray on preparing briefs for cases that challenged sex discrimination in the 1940s and 1950s. She joined the pro Equal Rights Amendment forces and also teamed with much younger feminists in the emerging Women's Liberation Movement where she participated in the 1971 Women's Strike for Equality and in the burgeoning movement to legalize abortion. 
In 1966, Murray and Dorothy Kenyon successfully argued "White v. Crook", a case in which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ruled that women have an equal right to serve on juries. When lawyer and future Supreme Court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote her brief for "Reed v. Reed"—a 1971 Supreme Court case that for the first time extended the Fourteenth Amendment's Equal Protection Clause to women—she added Murray and Kenyon as coauthors in recognition of her debt to their work.
Throughout her adult personal life, Kenyon had lengthy and intense romantic relationships with various men (i.e., Walcott Pitkin, Elihu Root, Jr., and L. V. Pulsifer). However, because she was fiercely independent, she made a conscious decision not to marry.
Kenyon participated in various aspects of President Johnson's War on Poverty and at age 80, she worked tirelessly and almost single-handedly to establish legal services for the poor on the Lower West Side.
When Kenyon was diagnosed with stomach cancer in 1969, she concealed the severity of her illness from most people and refused to suspend or even curtail her legal or political work. She was still very active and a big advocate for social justice until she died on February 12, 1972, just before her 84th birthday.
References.
2. Dorothy Kenyon Papers: Lawyer, Writer, and Political Activist, 1888–1998. LexisNexis UPA Collections. http://www.amdev.net/upa/10438KenyonSignFctsht.pdf. 2009. Retrieved Feb. 7, 2012.
Sources.
Journal of Women's History. Dorothy Kenyon: Feminist Organizing (1919–1963). June 22, 2002. Weigand, Kate; Horowitz, Daniel. Retrieved on Feb. 6th, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2869356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869356" title="Buddhist economics">
Buddhist economics

Buddhist economics is a spiritual approach to economics. It examines the psychology of the human mind and the anxiety, aspirations, and emotions that direct economic activity. A Buddhist understanding of economics aims to clear the confusion about what is harmful and beneficial in the range of human activities involving production and consumption, and ultimately tries to make human beings ethically mature. It tries to find a middle way between a purely mundane society and an immobile conventional society.
It says that truly rational decisions can only be made when we understand what creates irrationality. When people understand what constitutes desire, they realize that all the wealth in the world cannot satisfy it. When people understand the universality of fear,
they become more compassionate to all beings. Thus, this spiritual approach to
Economics doesn't rely on theories and models but on the essential forces of acumen, empathy, and restraint.
The Buddhist point of view ascribes to work a trinal function: to give man a chance to utilize and develop his aptitude; to enable him to overcome his self-aggrandizement by engaging with other people in common tasks; and to bring forward the goods and services needed for a better existence.
From the perspective of a Buddhist, Economics and other streams of knowledge cannot be separated. Economics is a single component of a combined effort to fix the problems of humanity and Buddhist Economics works with it to reach a common goal
of societal, individual, and environmental sufficiency.
History.
The term was coined by E. F. Schumacher in 1955, when he traveled to Burma as an economic consultant for Prime Minister U Nu, and is used by followers of Schumacher and by Theravada Buddhist writers such as Prayudh Payutto and Phrabhavanaviriyakhun.
Schumacher's essay "Buddhist Economics" was first published in 1966 in "Asia: A Handbook," and republished in his influential collection "Small Is Beautiful" (1973).
The 1st Conference of the Buddhist Economics Research Platform, August 23–24, 2007 was held in Budapest, Hungary and the 2nd in Ubon Ratchathani University, Warin Chamrab, Ubon Ratchathani Thailand from April 9–11, 2009. The third conference was supposed to be held in Brisbane, Australia on January 18–19 but was postponed until further notice.
A Buddhist economist's perspective.
Suppose we consider the demand for a commodity, say cigarettes and consider that it has been showing an increasing trend. This trend will be supported by an increase in production of cigarettes. These cigarettes are then put into the market and purchased and consumed by people. When it is consumed, the demand is satisfied and normally, nobody bothers about the stage after consumption. But Buddhist Economists go beyond that and investigate how these trends affect the three intertwined aspects of human existence: The individual, society and the environment. Specific to an increase in the consumption of cigarettes, Buddhist Economists try to decipher how this increase affects the pollution levels in the environment, its impact on passive smokers and active smokers and the various health hazards that come along with smoking, thus taking into consideration the ethical side of economics. The ethical aspect of it is partly judged by the outcomes it brings and partly by the qualities which lead to it.
Differences between western and Buddhist economics.
While Western Economics concentrates on self-interest, the Buddhist view challenges it by changing the concept of self to Anatta or no-self. It posits that all things perceived by one's senses are not actually "I" or "mine" and therefore, humans must detach themselves from this feeling. They believe that the self-interest based, opportunistic approach to ethics will always fail. According to them, generosity will work because human beings are Homo reciprocans who tend to reciprocate to feelings (either positively or negatively) by giving back more than what is given to them.
The "second" significant difference is that Western Economists give importance to maximizing profits and individual gains while the underlying principle of Buddhist Economists is to minimize suffering (losses) for all living or non living things. Studies conducted by them have shown that human beings show greater sensitivity to loss than to gains and therefore people should concentrate more on reducing the former.
The "third" difference is with respect to the concept of desire. Western Economics encourages material wealth and desire because of which people try and accumulate more and more wealth- sometimes at the cost of others- to satisfy those cravings. In contrast, in Buddhist Economics, importance is given to simplify one's desires. According to them, apart from the basic necessities like food, shelter, clothing and medicines, other materialistic needs should be minimized. They say that overall well-being decreases if people pursue meaningless desires. Wanting less will benefit the person, the community they live in and nature.
The "fourth" point of difference is related to their views on the market. While Western Economists advocate maximizing markets to a point of saturation, Buddhist Economists aim at minimizing violence. According to them, Western Economists do not take into consideration "primordial stakeholders" like the future generations and the natural world because their vote is not considered important in terms of purchasing power. They feel that other stakeholders such as poor and marginalized people are under-represented because of their inadequate purchasing power and preference is given to the strongest stakeholder. Therefore, they believe that the market is not an unbiased place, truly representative of the economy. Thus, Buddhist Economists advocate ahimsa or non-violence.
According to them, "ahimsa" prevents doing anything that directly causes suffering to oneself
or others and urges to find solutions in a participatory way. Community supported agriculture is one such example of community based economic activities. They believe that it fosters trust, helps build value based communities and brings people closer to the land and the farm. Achieving this sustainability and non-violence requires restructuring of dominating configurations of modern business, which they advocate. This leads to deemphasizing profit maximization as the ultimate motive and renewed emphasis on introducing small-scale, locally adaptable, substantive economic activities.
The "fifth" point of difference is that Western Economists try to maximize instrumental use where the value of any entity is determined by its marginal contribution to the production output. Therefore, Buddhist Economists feel that the real value of an entity is neither realized nor given importance to. They try to reduce instrumental use and form caring organizations which will be rewarded in terms of trust among the management, co-workers and employees.
The "sixth" point of difference lies in the fact that Western Economists believe that bigger is better and more is more whereas Buddhist Economists believe that small is beautiful and less is more.
The "seventh" point of difference is that Western economics gives importance to gross national product whereas Buddhist economics gives importance to gross national happiness.
Other beliefs.
Buddhist Economists believe that as long as work is considered a disutility for labourers and labourers a necessary evil for employers, true potential of the labourers and employers cannot be achieved. In such a situation, employees will always prefer income without employment and employers will always prefer output without employees. They feel that if the nature of work is truly appreciated and applied, it will be as important to the brain as food is to the body. It will nourish man and motivate him to do his best. According to them, goods should not be considered more important than people and consumption more important than creative activity. They feel that as a result of this, the focus shifts from the worker to the product of the work, the human to the subhuman, which is wrong.
According to them, people are unable to feel liberated not because of wealth but because of their attachment to wealth. In the same way, they say that it is the craving for pleasurable baubles and not the enjoyment from them that holds humans back.
Buddhist Economists do not believe in measuring the standard of living by the amount of consumption because according to them, obtaining maximum well being as a result of minimum consumption is more important than obtaining maximum well being from maximum consumption. Thus, they feel that the concept of being 'better off' because of greater levels of consumption is not a true measure of happiness.
From the point of view of a Buddhist economist, the most rational way of economic life is being self-sufficient and producing local resources for local needs and depending on imports and exports is uneconomic and justifiable only in a few cases and on a small scale. Thus, they believe in economic development, independent of foreign aid.
Buddhist Economics also gives importance to natural, renewable and non-renewable resources. They feel that non renewable resources should only be used when most needed and then also with utmost care, meticulously planning out its use. They believe that using them extravagantly is violent and not in keeping with the Buddhist belief of non violence. According to them, if the entire population relies on non renewable resources for their existence, they are behaving parasitically, preying on capital goods instead of income. Adding to this, they feel that this uneven distribution and ever increasing exploitation of natural resources will lead to violence between man.
They also believe that satisfaction need not necessarily be felt only when something tangible is got back in return for giving something or something material is gained, as stated in modern economics. They say that the feeling of satisfaction can be achieved even when we part with something without getting anything tangible in return. An example is when we give presents to our loved one's just because we want them to be happy.
Buddhist Economists believe that production is a very misleading term. According to them, to produce something new, the old form has to be destroyed. Therefore, production and consumption become complimentary to each other. Taking this into consideration, they advocate non-production in certain cases because when you produce lesser of materialistic things, you reduce exploitation of the world's resources and lead the life of a responsible and aware citizen.
The middle way of living.
The concept of the "Middle Way" says that time should be divided between working towards
consumption and meditation and the optimal allocation between these two activities will be when some meditation is utilized to lower the desire for consumption and to be satisfied with lesser consumption and the work that it involves.
In economic terms this means “the marginal productivity of labour utilized in producing consumption goods is equal to the marginal effectiveness of the meditation involved in economizing on consumption without bringing about any change in satisfaction”.

</doc>
<doc id="2869362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869362" title="Albuquerque High School">
Albuquerque High School

Albuquerque High School is a public senior high school near Downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico. It is a part of the Albuquerque Public School district. Enrollment at AHS stands at 1,803.
History.
The school's origin can be traced back to the Albuquerque Academy (not to be confused with the present Albuquerque Academy founded in T=0). Colorado College of Colorado Springs started the Albuquerque Academy in 1879 on the east side of the old plaza. Thus were the beginnings of what was to become Albuquerque High. Twenty seven students enrolled. In 1881; the academy moved to the new town into an adobe building on Lead between Third and Fourth. In 1882, it moved again, this time to Silver between Fifth and Sixth. The Academy was run by a seventeen member board of trustees composed of business and professional men whose chief purpose seemed to be to give the town as good a school as possible.
In 1890 the academy moved into a new building at Central and Edith where the public library is now located, and it operated there until 1891 when the city received the power to levy taxes for school funds. The whole operation was then taken over by the city, and Professor Hodgen was appointed the new city superintendent of schools." The school moved to the corner of Broadway and Central in 1914, which still stands today and is referred to as Old Albuquerque High School. It moved to its present location in 1974.
"La Reata".
"La Reata" is the name given to the official Albuquerque High School Yearbook. The first edition of the "La Reata" was printed in 1909. It was not until 1917 that the school began to teach printing and in 1918 the first student produced "La Reata" was printed. The 2013 edition of "La Reata" is the 104th volume
"The Record" of Albuquerque High School.
"The Record", the official Albuquerque High School student newspaper, is the oldest high school student publication in the state of New Mexico. It is published monthly and covers important school, regional, and national events, in addition to features, reviews, and opinion pieces relevant to students. For the 2009-2010 school year the paper is in its ninety-second volume. "The Record" operates its own website independent of the Albuquerque High School website.

</doc>
<doc id="2869366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869366" title="Ring of Gullion AONB">
Ring of Gullion AONB

The Ring of Gullion () is a geological formation and area, officially designated as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, (AONB) located in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. The area centres on Slieve Gullion, the highest peak in County Armagh, measures roughly 42 by 18 kilometres (26 by 11 mi) and comprises some 150 km² defined topographically by the hills of an ancient ring dyke. Parts of the area have also been officially listed as Areas of Special Scientific Interest.
The geological formation was the first ring dyke to be mapped, although its significance was not understood until similar structures had been described from Scotland. It was emplaced during the Paleogene opening of the Atlantic Ocean during the formation of the North Atlantic Igneous Province.
Geological history and features.
The structure of the ring dyke was produced when the active volcano's caldera underwent collapse producing a concentric suite of faults providing space into which magma was able to intrude. The ring dyke is composite with both porphyritic granophyre and porphyritic felsite components. The composition of the remainder of the volcano today is dominated by gabbro and granophyre and is also the site of a noted occurrence of platinum group elements.
The rocks of the area are complex and have featured in international geological debate since the 1950s. The site has attracted geologists from all over the world and featured in a number of theories that have been put forward to explain the unusual rock relationships. Some of these theories have now become an accepted part of geological science.
Chief amongst the source of debate is the interaction of disparate forces in shaping the modern geology of the area: rock from the Silurian period, shaped and interspersed by more than one period of volcanic activity and later glacial forces which have led to the highly unusual nature of the area today.
In terms of the development of this geology, some of the areas rocks date from the Silurian period when and formed part of an ancient ocean more than 400 million years ago Added to this landscape, the volcano added masses of molten granitic rock or magma, which forms the bedrock that underlies Newry town and much of the Slieve Gullion area. These igneous rocks are some 390 million years old. Further volcanic activity took place during the Tertiary period, some 66 million years ago. The complex nature of the formation of the area has led to the debates as to origin but it is speculated that much of the modern geology of the area began with the development of a very large volcano of which little now remains. Volcanoes also erupted in the south of the area and as a result, remains of volcanic necks can be found in the hills around Forkhill. Along the contact zone between the Silurian rocks and the Newry granite a roughly circular fracture developed into which was intruded a series of acidic lavas. These cooled to form very hard granophyre and felsite rocks – in fact two 'rink dykes' or the "outer" and "inner" rings.
Slieve Gullion itself is in fact a more recent addition than the ring dykes which surround it and is made up of layers of igneous rock. As with the ring itself, there has been some debate as to their origins. One suggestion is that a huge explosive eruption of the volcano created a vast crater, or caldera, into which lavas were excluded in layers. Another more plausible explanation is that the lavas were extruded in layers. There is evidence of many highly unusual features developed by the interaction of basic and acidic magmas.
Added to this complex interaction of pre-volcanic and volcanic activity, the area was subject to the action of glaciers during successive Ice Ages. Deep valleys were formed as glaciers exploited weaknesses in the rocks (faults and softer rocks) while hills were scoured leaving craggy outcrops, boulder strewn slopes and rocky ridges and hollows and rounded drumlins were formed in valley floors. The 'tail' of Slieve Gullion, which itself forms the 'crag', is seen at Dromintee, and is a ridge of boulder clay deposited in the wake of Slieve Gullion as it was overrun by ice moving from the north.
Bar the main feature of Slieve Gullion and its rocky ring, their area includes a number of lakes and parks in the area, including the following:
Slieve Gullion Forest Park.
Slieve Gullion Forest Park, owned and managed by the Forest Service, includes many acres of natural and planted forest, and eight mile scenic drive, and a way-marked trail which brings the traveller almost half way up the height of the mountain, to the summit. The scenic driver offers stunning views of the Ring of Gullion, Mourne Mountains, Cooley Peninsula and Armagh Drumlins, with views extending as far south as Wicklow on a clear day. The path offers access to both the cairns on top of the mountain and the lake, while the Courtyard Centre offers refreshments, garden and toilet facilities.
Camloch.
Camloch or Camlough Lake (from the Irish for Crooked Lake) was formed as a Glacial ribbon lake, and takes its name from its irregular shape – although its modern form does not appear particularly crooked its shape was much less regular in the past before its level was raised by the embankment built in the late 19th century. The glacial left-over sits in a valley carved between Slieve Gullion and Camlough Mountain and is today the largest lake in the Ring of Gullion.
Close to the shore of the lake is an approximately one kilometre long tunnel, wide enough to drive an articulated truck into, which was excavated in the 1960s as part of a planned development intended to create a man-made cavern within Camlough Mountain which was to have been used to store and release water to generate electricity. It was planned that the pumped hydro storage scheme, when operational, would generate more than 200 megawatts of electricity and had it been completed, however plans were shelved with the onset of the troubles.
Cashel Lakes.
Upper and lower Cashel Lakes (or Cashel Loughs), together with Carrigans Lough are attractive upland lakes with clean unpolluted water, home to a recorded 30 species of water beetle, 15 species of spider and 10 species of ground beetle.
Cultural Heritage.
The Ring of Gullion has numerous associations with Irish legends and myths, and several remains from the pre-Norman, and indeed pre-Christian era. In the Táin Bó Cuailgne (the Cattle raid of Cooley) CuChulainin is reputed to have defended Ulster, single-handed, against the armees of Queen Maeve of Connacht at the Gap of the North, which lies at the south of the area. In another tale, Fionn Mac Cumhaill was bewitched by the Sorceress Miluchra on the summit of Slieve Gullion at the Lough of calliagh Bhirra and turned into an old, decrepit man. Although he managed to have the spell undone, his hair remained white thereafter. To this day the superstition survives that if you bathe in the lough your hair will turn white.
Human habitation in the Ring of Gullion is said to have occurred for at least 6000 years and a rich inheritance of historic monuments survives to mark the duration of that settlement. The area contains the remains of 20 or so large stone tombs and the King's Ring at Clontygora, and the Ballymacdermot tomb are two of the best examples of Court Tombs in the Northern Ireland. The monument at Ballykeel is also an outstanding example of a Portal Tomb while the South Cairn on the summit of Slieve Gullion has the distinction of being the highest surviving Passage Tomb in Britain or Ireland.
During the eighteenth Century, the last great age of Irish language literature, the Ring of Gullion was known as the District of Poets or District of Songs. Well-known poets associated with the area included Seamus Mor MacMurphy, Art McCooey, and Peadar O'Doirnin.
Among the cultural and architectural heritage of the area are the following sites:
The Dorsey.
From the Irish "Doirse", which means 'Doors' or 'gates', this Iron Age earthwork is located at Dorsey on the western edge of the Ring of Gullion. The structure consists of two roughly parallel massive earth bank and ditch ramparts over a mile long lie astride an old routeway to Eamhain Macha (Navan Fort, near Armagh – the ancient capital of Ulster). Recent evidence dates part of the monument to around 100BC, contemporary with a major phase of activity at Navan and lending support to the tradition that the Dorsey was once the 'gateway' to Ulster.
The function of the Dorsey is a matter of debate. It has been suggested that it was a defensive enclosure related to the Black Pig's Dyke whilst others suggest that it was simply to serve as two lines of linear embankment and was not an enclosure at all. Otherwise, it has been speculated that the site had a ritual function, however, its true purpose has yet to be determined.
Kilnasaggart Stone.
From the Irish "Cill na Sagart" for Church of the Priests, this 2.8-metre pillar stone is held to be possibly the oldest dateable stone monument in Ireland. An inscription on the stone reads ""In loc so Taninmarni Ternoc mac Cernan Bic er cul Peter Apstel"", or that Ternoc the son of Cernan Bic put the place under the protection of Peter the Apostle. As Ternoc's death is recorded in the annals of 714 or 716, the stone can reasonably be dated to around AD700.
The stone marks the site of an early Christian cemetery and a church was probably located close by. Excavations at the site in 1966 and 1968 revealed an early Christian graveyard with graves oriented radially around the pillar and facing towards the rising sun. The stone stands on the ancient road which ran from in County Meath and through the Moyry Pass to Dunseverick Head on the North Antrim Coast (Sighe Midhlachra), and close to the modern border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Killevy Churches.
From the Irish "Cill Shléibhe" for Mountain Church, this site held one of early Christian Ireland's most important early monoastic sites. Founded by St Monnina in the 5th century, the site at the foot of Slieve Gullion is largely restricted to two adjacent churches, a graveyard, the reputed grave of St Monnina's grave, and a small holy well still visited by pilgrims on her feast day, 6 July. The West Church dates from 11th Century. It is the smaller and more ancient of the two with an impressive lintel doorway. The East Church dates from the 15th century and has an impressive arched window with angel carvings still visible.
Following plundering by the Vikings in 923, monastic life continued and the site was occupied by the Augustinian Nuns until 1542 with the dissolution of the Monasteries.
Moyry Castle.
The area in which the castle is located remains mountainous and boggy although no longer heavily wooded and little remains of the stone bawn will which once surrounded the castle bar one stretch to the south east.
Settlement.
Most of the Ring of Gullion sits within the old Barony of Orior Upper within County Armagh, and lies within the boundaries of Newry and Mourne District Council.
AONB and official status.
The Ring of Gullion was designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty by order of the Department of Environment in December 1991.
The AONB area of the Ring of Gullion includes the Mountain Ring and its various slopes, but also there is a deviation to the west to include the famous Dorsey Enclosure. In the west it also includes the valley of the Cully Water and the Umeracam River which separate the hills of the ring dyke from the rolling drumlin landscape extending towards Crossmaglen and Cullyhanna. In the north-west the ring dyke runs through the higher ground of the Fews where it is picked out by sharp rocky hills with distinctive heath vegetation (which is the derivation of The Fews name). To the east its boundary is the Newry Canal and the Newry River flowing towards Carlingford Lough under the brow of Anglesey and Flagstaff Mountains.
The countryside of the Ring of Gullion area was designated the Slieve Gullion Environmentally Sensitive Area (ESA) in June 1994 and is run by the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development. ESA designation is a voluntary scheme which provides financial encouragement for farmers to adopt farming practices which maintain and enhance the landscape, wildlife and heritage of their land holding.
Management.
The Ring of Gullion is managed through the Ring of Gullion Management plan 2010–2016 and administered by Newry and Mourne District Council (NMDC). This management is funded through NIEA and NMDC.
Transport.
The M1 / A1 motorway passes through the east of the area with a number of exits between (and at) Newry and Dundalk providing access to the area.
Rail transport may also be used to reach the area with both NI Railways and Iarnród Éireann serving Newry and Dundalk respectively and the Enterprise calling at both Dundalk railway station and Newry railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="2869372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869372" title="Toksovo">
Toksovo

Toksovo (; ) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located to the north of St. Petersburg on the Karelian Isthmus. It is served by two neighboring stations of the Saint Petersburg-Khiytola railroad: Toksovo (constructed in 1917) and Kavgolovo (1929) (which serves a popular ski resort). Population: 
History.
Toksovo was first mentioned in chronicles in 1500. At the time, it belonged to Vodskaya Pyatina, one of the five pyatinas Novgorod Lands were subdivided into. In 1583, after the Livonian War, it became Swedish. In 1708, in the Great Northern War, it was conquered by Russia. In the same year, it was included into Saint Petersburg Governorate, and later on became a part of Shlisselburgsky Uyezd. In 1914, the governorate was renamed Leningradsky.
In the 19th century, the region became a ski resort and a dacha place, known as the "Finnish Switzerland" or "Saint Petersburg Switzerland."
After the October Revolution, North Ingria, including Toksovo, seceded from Bolshevist Russia, but was reincorporated with the Treaty of Tartu at the end of 1920. On February 14, 1923 Shlisselburgsky Uyezd was merged into Petrogradsky Uyezd. In January, 1924 the uyezd and the governorate were renamed Leningradsky.
On August 1, 1927, the uyezds were abolished and Kuyvozovsky District, with the administrative center in the village of Kuyvozy, was established. The district was inhabited by Ingrian Finns, with Finnish being the official language (since 1931). On October 30, 1930, the district center was transferred to Toksovo, which at the time being had a status of suburban settlement. On March 20, 1936 Kuyvozovsky District was renamed Toksovsky. On February 22, 1939 Toksovsky District was abolished and merged into Pargolovsky District. On April 3, 1954 Pargolovsky District was abolished, and Toksovo was transferred to Vsevolozhsky District. On May 13, 1963 Toksovo was granted urban-type settlement status.
In 1937, a large ski ramp was built in Toksovo. In 1937–1939, during the Great Purge, the Rzhevsky artillery range, a large area to the southeast of Toksovo, was the main NKVD place of execution near Leningrad. In 1942, during the Siege of Leningrad all Finns and Izhorians were deported from the townlet and the region. During the Siege of Leningrad an important radar station was operated near the townlet. In 1953, after Joseph Stalin's death, Finns and Izhorians were allowed to return. In 1974, a European bison farm was started here. In 2000, "Toksovan Sanomat", a Finnish Language newspaper, began publication. In 2002, at Koirangakangas near Toksovo the Memorial society found a secret grave with remains of 30,000 people executed by the NKVD, among whom are most probably the philosopher Pavel Florensky and other prominent people. In 2003, a stage of the FIS Cross-country skiing World Cup was held in the townlet. Currently it is a ski and tourist resort and a dacha place, famous for its forests and lakes.
Economy.
Transportation.
Toksovo is located on the railroad connecting Saint Petersburg with Sortavala via Priozersk. The two railway stations in the settlement, Toksovo railway station and Kavgolovo railway platform, are connected by suburban service with the Finland Station.
Toksovo is essentially a suburb of Saint Petersburg, and is included in the dense suburban road network.
Tourism.
Toksovo (in particular, Kavgolovo) is a center of a recreational area, which includes sports facilities like ski jumps and ski slopes, and attracts holiday visitors from Saint Petersburg. National and international competitions are held on a regular basis.
Culture and recreation.
Toksovo contains seven objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local significance. Six of them commemorate events of the World War II, in particular, the Siege of Leningrad, and the seventh one is the summer house where in 1927 Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy, a Russian author, stayed.

</doc>
<doc id="2869374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869374" title="Darren Almond">
Darren Almond

Darren James Almond (b. 1971 Appley Bridge, near Wigan, Lancashire, England) is an artist based in London. He was nominated for the 2005 Turner Prize. 
Life and career.
Almond graduated from Winchester School of Art in 1993, with a BA (hons) degree in Fine Arts.
He works in a variety of media including photography and film, which he uses to explore the effects of time on the individual. He uses ‘sculpture, film and photography to produce work that harnesses the symbolic and emotional potential of objects, places and situations, producing works which have universal as well as personal resonances.’
In 1995, Almond had his first solo exhibition in London, showing a single work, "KN120", which consisted of a large ceiling fan installed under London's Westway and wired to his studio. "A Real Time Piece" (1995), was a live video link that showed his studio, empty but for an industrial flip-clock on the wall that amplified the passing of each minute. Amongst Almond’s other early works is a series of nameplates in cast aluminium, made in imitation of the plaques on British 125 inter-city trains. The film "Schwebebahn" (1995) features the Sky Train, Wuppertal’s public transport system; over three days, Almond journeyed from the beginning of the line to its end and back again, filming inside and outside of the train in one long unedited take. 
Since 1998, Almond has taken a series of photographs on nights with a full moon, using extended exposure times of fifteen minutes or longer. The "Fullmoon" series began as a way of navigating the places of traditional landscape painters, e.g. with a shot of Mount Saint Victoire in Provence that had been the subject of many of Cézanne's paintings, but has evolved over time to include other remote locations. For "Six Months Later" (1999), Almond repeatedly photographed at very precise times an identical location of his studio throughout a set period of time. Each shot features Almond’s desk and chair, a window, two fans and a wall mounted flip clock. Each and every photograph is identical with the only variations being the amount of light that permeates the space and the time displayed on the clock. "Meantime" (2000) comprised a shipping container the artist had transformed into a functioning digital clock and filmed as it traveled across the Atlantic. 
The film installation "Mine" (2001) was shot in Karaganda, Kazakhstan. In this two-part work, one projection was shot in color and shows the miners in their locker room changing for work. The camera is stationary and the miners come and go. The second projection shows the view of the tunnel, in black and white, shot from the train that descends into the passages of the mine, in effect what is awaiting the miners when they are finished dressing for work. His series ‘Infinite Betweens’ consists of photographs that were taken in Tibet, where traditional prayer flags are hung in trails across the mountain ridges as a way to make offerings of thanks and prayers. The flags accumulate and become scattered over one of the highest and most exposed landscapes on earth. As with the Fullmoon photographs, Almond made use of moonlight and long exposures to shoot ‘Infinite Betweens’, preserving the movement of the flags and confronting the viewer with impossible perspectives, different focal points and a feeling of being within the picture. These photographs developed out of Almond’s film "In the Between" (2006), a 3-channel HD video with audio that examines the new high speed train that connects China with Tibet, a reinforcement of Chinese dominance. The title of these works refers to the Buddhist vision of relativity of all beings and things, the idea that we always occupy an ‘in-between’ state that is never ending and infinite. In "Sometimes Still" (2010), Almond follows a Tendai monk as he engages with the Buddhist process of Kaihōgyō, the feat of physical and mental endurance by which these monks attempt to reach a state of Buddhahood.
Selected exhibitions.
Almond’s first one-person exhibition was in 1995 at Great Western Studios, London. In 1997 he had an exhibition at London’s Institute of Contemporary Arts. His subsequent solo exhibitions include those at The Renaissance Society, Chicago (1999); De Appel, Amsterdam (2001); Kunsthalle Zürich, Switzerland (2001); Tate Britain, London (2001); K21 Düsseldorf, Germany (2005); Museum Folkwang, Essen (2006); SITE Santa Fe, New Mexico (2007); Parasol Unit, London (2008); and "Darren Almond: The Principle of Moments", White Cube Gallery, London (2010). In 1997 at just 26 years of age, Almond was the youngest YBA included in Charles Saatchi’s Sensation show where he showed two works, "A Bigger Clock" and "Fan", featuring objects, an oversized wall mountable flip clock and an equally out of proportion ceiling fan. He has also participated in the Berlin Biennale, Germany (2001); Venice Biennale, Italy (2003); Busan Biennale, South Korea (2004); The Turner Prize, Tate Britain, London (2005); Moscow Biennale, Russia (2007); and The Tate Triennial, Tate Britain, London (2009).
Almond is represented by White Cube, London and Matthew Marks Gallery, New York.
Collections.
Almond’s works are part of important collections of international contemporary art such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Saatchi Collection in London, the Fondazione Sandretto Re Rebaudengo in Turin, the Rubell Family Collection in Miami and the Kramlich Collection in San Francisco.
Awards.
Notably, Almond was shortlisted for the Turner Prize in 2005, where he exhibited the four-screen video installation If I Had You (2003) about his grandmother – ‘a portrait of youthful reminiscence and the dignity of old age’ In 1996, Almond was awarded the Art & Innovation Prize by the Institute of Contemporary Art, London, followed by his solo exhibition at White Cube, London in 1997.
Public Commissions.
In 2011, Almond was commissioned with a photographic installation and lightbox panels for the Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry.

</doc>
<doc id="2869397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869397" title="Laikipia County">
Laikipia County

Laikipia County is one of the 47 counties of Kenya, located on the Equator in the former Rift Valley Province of the country. The county has two major urban centres: Nanyuki to the southeast, and Nyahururu to the southwest. Its capital town is Rumuruti.
Economic activity in the county consists mainly of tourism and agriculture, chiefly grain crops, ranching and greenhouse horticulture.
The county has a cool, temperate climate with both rainy and dry seasons.
The county has three constituencies: 

</doc>
<doc id="2869410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869410" title="LMU">
LMU

LMU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2869413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869413" title="Siegestor">
Siegestor

The Siegestor (en: Victory Gate) in Munich, is a three-arched triumphal arch crowned with a statue of Bavaria with a lion-quadriga, similar in style to the Arch of Constantine in Rome, the Marble Arch in London, the Arc de Triomphe in Paris and the Brandenburger Tor in Berlin. It is located between the Ludwig Maximilian University and the Ohmstraße, where the Ludwigstraße (south) ends and the Leopoldstraße (north) begins. It thus sits at the boundary between the two Munich districts of Maxvorstadt and Schwabing.
History.
The gate was commissioned by King Ludwig I of Bavaria, designed by Friedrich von Gärtner and completed by Eduard Mezger in 1852. The quadriga was created by Martin von Wagner. Lions were likely used in the quadriga, instead of the more usual horses, because the lion was a symbol of the House of Wittelsbach, the ruling family of the Bavarian monarchy. The gate was originally dedicated to the glory of the Bavarian army ("dem bayerischen Heere zum Ruhme"). Today the "Siegestor" is a monument and reminder to peace. After sustaining heavy damage in World War II, the gate was - similar to the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gedächtniskirche in Berlin - reconstructed and restored only partially. The inscription on the back side is by Wilhelm Hausenstein and reads "Dem Sieg geweiht, vom Krieg zerstört, zum Frieden mahnend", which translates as "Dedicated to victory, destroyed by war, reminding of peace". In the last couple of years, the statues that remained were meticulously cleaned and restored.
The Siegestor is 21 meters high, 24 meters wide, and 12 meters deep.
In popular culture.
It was featured in "The Amazing Race 9" as a pit-stop. In the second series of "Heimat (film)" by "Edgar Reitz" Evelyne and Ansgar meet and talk by the monument, on which the inscription honoring peace may be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="2869414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869414" title="Frost Building">
Frost Building

The Frost Building is a curved 7 and 6 storey office building complex on the south east side of Queen's Park Crescent in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The building is owned by the Government of Ontario and is part of the large Queen's Park campus. The Frost Building is home to various ministries of the Ontario government, primarily the Ministries of Finance and Infrastructure. It is divided into a north block (6 storey building is home to Intensive Early Intervention Program for Children) and a south block (7 storey Frost Building), with the north block located on 95 Grosvenor Street and the south block located on 7 Queen's Park Crescent. A five storey glass walkway connects the two blocks from the 2nd and 6th floors.
The Frost Building is also commonly referred to as the Ontario Treasury Building. The south block of the building has seven floors; the top floor housing the Office of the Minister of Finance and the Office of the Deputy Minister of Finance. The current Finance Minister of Ontario is Charles Sousa and the Deputy Minister of Finance is Steve Orsini.
The building is a landmark of modern office building architecture in Canada, dating from the early 1950s. It was one of the first totally "modern look"
buildings without any of the fancy curlicues of older buildings. It was also original in that it follows the curve of the street on which it resides. It is named for former Premier of Ontario Leslie Frost. The north block was built in the 1960s as an addition to the South Block.
The Ontario Firefighters' Memorial is located in a small parkette to the southwest corner of the building.
Other government buildings nearby include:
The building is served by the Queen's Park (TTC) subway station to the southwest corner.

</doc>
<doc id="2869417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869417" title="Eugénie Potonié-Pierre">
Eugénie Potonié-Pierre

Eugénie Potonié-Pierre (1844–1898 Paris) was a French feminist who founded the Federation of French Feminist Societies in 1892.
She joined the Society for the Amelioration of Women's Condition with Léon Richer and Maria Deraismes. She wrote for "Le Droit des femmes (Women's Rights)". 
In 1880, with Leonie Rouzade, she founded Union des Femmes.
She was secretary of the committee of the International Congress for Women's Rights, in 1892, and 1896. 
She is buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2869421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869421" title="Parks and open spaces in Enfield">
Parks and open spaces in Enfield

The London Borough of Enfield is the northernmost of the Outer London boroughs. The borough lies within the Metropolitan Green Belt, and several of its 123 or more parks and open spaces are part of it. The ancient Enfield Chase, remnants of which still exist, occupied much of the area. In addition to many playgrounds and sports facilities (including a number of golf courses), the main areas of public open space are:
Apart from those open spaces, there are the two large reservoirs. The King George V and the William Girling collectively known as the Chingford Reservoirs situated alongside the River Lea in the east of the Borough.
Covert Way is Enfield's only Local Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="2869425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869425" title="South Stack Cliffs RSPB reserve">
South Stack Cliffs RSPB reserve

South Stack Cliffs RSPB reserve is a nature reserve, run by the RSPB, on Holy Island on the North West coast of Anglesey, Wales. The reserve is on sea cliffs facing the islet of South Stack, and is crossed by the Anglesey Coastal Path. There is an information centre based in Elin's Tower in the reserve.
It is best known for its breeding seabirds, including Puffins, Razorbills, Guillemots, Kittiwakes and Fulmars. Peregrine and Choughs also nest on the cliffs.

</doc>
<doc id="2869427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869427" title="Lim Swee Say">
Lim Swee Say

Lim Swee Say (, born 13 July 1954) is a Singaporean politician. A member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP), he has been a Cabinet Minister in the Prime Minister's Office since 2004 and Secretary-General of the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) since 2007. He previously served as the Minister for the Environment from 2001 to 2004. He has been a Member of Parliament (MP) since 1996.
Education.
Lim was educated in Catholic High School and National Junior College, before being awarded a Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) Scholarship in 1973 to study in the United Kingdom at Loughborough University. He graduated with first class honours in electronics, computer and systems engineering in 1976. In 1991, Lim completed a Master's degree in Management at Stanford University.
Career.
Lim served at Singapore's National Computer Board as Chief Executive from 1986 to 1991, and as Chairman from 1994 to 1998. He also served at the Economic Development Board (EDB) as Deputy Managing Director based in New York City from 1991 to 1993, and as Managing Director from 1994 to 1996.
Political career.
At the 1997 general election, Lim was a PAP candidate in the Tanjong Pagar Group Representation Constituency (Tanjong Pagar GRC), and was elected in a walkover. He was on the PAP's team in Holland-Bukit Panjang GRC at the 2001 general election, and in Holland-Bukit Timah GRC at the 2006 general election, and was elected unopposed on both occasions. At the 2011 general election, Lim stood in East Coast GRC, where the PAP's team defeated the team from the opposition Workers' Party by 59,992 votes (54.8%) to 49,429 (45.2%).
Lim served as Deputy Secretary-General of the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) from 1997 to 1999. He also served on the Committee on Singapore's Competitiveness from 1997 to 1998, and chaired its Sub-committee on Manpower Development.
In 1999, Lim was appointed a Minister of State at the Ministry of Trade and Industry and the Ministry of Information, Communications and the Arts.
Lim was made the Acting Minister for the Environment in 2000. He became a full member of the Cabinet in 2001.
In 2004, Lim was appointed a Minister in the Prime Minister's Office. He also served as the Second Minister for National Development from 2004 to 2005.
In 2005, Lim became the Deputy Secretary-General of the NTUC for the second time (while continuing to serve concurrently as a Minister without portfolio in the Prime Minister's Office). In 2007, he was made the Secretary-General of the NTUC.
Lim has been a member of the PAP's Central Executive Committee since 1999, and served as the Chairman of the Young PAP (the party's youth wing) from 2000 to 2004.
Personal life.
Lim is married to Elaine Cheong Siew Boon. The couple has one daughter and one son.

</doc>
<doc id="2869430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869430" title="Craig Rivet">
Craig Rivet

Anthony Craig Rivet (; born September 13, 1974) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He previously played for the Montreal Canadiens, San Jose Sharks, Buffalo Sabres, and Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League, before finishing his career with the Elmira Jackals of the ECHL. His full name was confirmed by research done at the North Bay Library and confirmed by family.
Playing career.
Junior career.
Craig Rivet was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft from the Kingston Frontenacs in the Ontario Hockey League. He was drafted in the third round, 68th overall. Upon being drafted, he recorded junior career highs in 1992–93 with 19 goals, 55 assists and 74 points. He added 12 points in the playoffs as Kingston advanced to the semi-finals but were eliminated by the Peterborough Petes in five games.
Montreal Canadiens.
After spending his first few professional seasons with Montreal's AHL affiliate, the Fredericton Canadiens, Craig Rivet earned a full-time roster spot with Montreal in 1997–98 and became an alternate captain to Saku Koivu during his time with the team. After a 25-point season with a career-high 8 goals in 2001–02, he re-signed with the Canadiens to a four-year, $12 million contract extension. In 2005–06, Rivet improved to 34 points, his best offensive output with the Canadiens.
San Jose Sharks.
With his contract set to expire at the end of the 2006–07 season, Craig Rivet was traded on February 25, 2007, to the San Jose Sharks with a fifth round draft pick in 2008 for Josh Gorges and a first round draft pick in 2007. Before becoming an unrestricted free agent in the off-season, he re-signed with the Sharks to a four-year, US$14 million contract, citing San Jose's fan base and competitiveness as major factors in staying with the club. He reportedly chose that offer over San Jose's offer of $12 million over the same timespan but with a no-trade clause. In the first season of his new contract, he recorded a career-high 30 assists and 35 points, topping all team defencemen in scoring (Brian Campbell finished with more points overall during the season, but only scored 19 of his points with San Jose).
Buffalo Sabres.
On July 4, 2008, Craig Rivet was traded to the Buffalo Sabres with a 2010 seventh round draft pick in exchange for two second round selections in the 2009 and 2010 drafts. Before making his 2008–09 debut with the Sabres, he was named team captain on October 8, replacing Jason Pominville, the last to be named captain as part of the Sabres rotating captaincy the previous season. At the end of the 2009-10 season, it was revealed that Rivet's play in the previous two seasons had been hampered by a double labrum tear, for which he would have off-season surgery. Despite initial estimates of 4–6 months for recovery, which would have impinged on the start of the 2010-11 season, he was expected to return for training camp. Despite this, the veteran defenseman announced that the 2010-11 season might be his last in the NHL. Rivet was waived by Buffalo on February 23, 2011.
Portland Pirates.
After clearing waivers on 24 February 2011, Rivet was re-assigned to the Sabres' American Hockey League farm team, the Portland Pirates.
Columbus Blue Jackets.
On February 26, 2011, Rivet was claimed on re-entry waivers by the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Elmira Jackals.
On October 10, 2011, Rivet signed a deal with the Elmira Jackals.
International play.
Craig Rivet has made one international appearance for Team Canada at the 2003 World Championships in Finland. He recorded 1 assist in 9 games as Team Canada captured the gold medal against Sweden 3-2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="2869436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869436" title="United Democratic Front (South Africa)">
United Democratic Front (South Africa)

The United Democratic Front (UDF) was one of the most important anti-apartheid organisations of the 1980s. The non-racial coalition of about 400 civic, church, students', workers' and other organisations (national, regional and local) was formed in 1983, initially to fight the just-introduced idea of the Tricameral Parliament (the parliament was put in place in 1984 with the election of P. W. Botha of the National Party). Its slogan, "UDF Unites, Apartheid Divides" reflects the Front's broad support (about 3 million members).
Formation.
The plans for a new political organisation were introduced by Rev. Allan Boesak at a conference of the Transvaal Anti-SAIC Committee (TASC) on 23 January 1983. The part of his speech calling for a "united front" of "churches, civic associations, trade unions, student organizations, and sports bodies" was unplanned, but well received. Trade unions were very important in the UDF. They began to emerge in the 1980s and took on the role of the "muscle" of the UDF. UDF pursued a strategy known as "ungovernability": leadership of these organizations declared a strategy to make lands ungovernable. The TASC appointed a sub-committee to investigate the possibility of such a front. After much debate, it was decided that the new organization would be a coalition of non-racist anti-apartheid organisations.
The launch of the UDF.
The UDF then formed regional committees, which established relationships with local organizations. The Natal UDF was launched first, in May, and then the Transvaal region (in June) and the Cape Province (July). Representatives of the regions formed the Interim National Committee, which also included outside activists.
At the end of July, the committee held a two-day meeting where they discussed a national launch date. Although most delegates wanted time to organise the regions before the national launch, they decided the best date was 20 August, the day the government planned to introduce the Tricameral Constitution. This Constitution was touted as reform, but in practice granted meaningless representation to Indians and Coloureds and left the Black majority in the same position. The UDF's symbols — logo and slogan — were also selected at the meeting. Both the logo and slogan portray the widespread support the UDF hoped to achieve by incorporating a wide range of South Africans of all races. Some member organisations adapted the "UDF Unites, Apartheid Divides" slogan; for example, the Soweto Civic Association used "Soweto Civic Association Unites — Piet Koornhof Divides".
On 20 August 1983 the UDF was launched in the Rocklands community hall, Mitchell's Plain, near Cape Town. After a conference of delegates from 565 organisations (400 were already members), a public rally was held, attended by about 10 000 people. Frank Chikane, the first major speaker, called the day "a turning point in the struggle for freedom".
Organisational structure.
The UDF was formed of organisations from throughout South Africa, although support was always concentrated in the Cape, Natal, and the Witwatersrand area. It soon attracted a massive following and had the support of around 3,000,000 members by 1985. Among its prominent leaders were Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Rev. Allan Boesak and several 1950s activists, including Albertina Sisulu, Oscar Mpetha and Helen Joseph. The UDF and its affiliates promoted rent boycotts, school protests, worker stay-away and a boycott of the tricameral system. Smaller organisations affiliated to the UDF targeted more specific targets for their protests; the End Conscription Campaign (ECC), for example, was set up in opposition to the compulsory military conscription of white males into the South African Defence Force. The Front and its members were largely responsible for the intensification and sustenance of resistance in the period from 1984 to 1986. At its peak, in 1987, it had some 700 affiliates. The most important of these were student/youth organisations, trade unions, "civics" and women's organisations and the church groups where the UDF had its roots.
Relationship with the ANC.
Early in its life, the UDF adopted the Freedom Charter, a statement of the aims for a free South Africa and basis for a democratic constitution. The strong relationship between the African National Congress (ANC) and the UDF was based on this shared mission statement. Throughout its existence, the UDF demanded the release of imprisoned ANC leaders, as well as other political prisoners. However, the UDF was never formally attached to the ANC, and did not participate in the armed struggle.
Relationship with the Black Consciousness Movement.
The Black Consciousness Movement disagreed with the UDF on the issue of whether whites should be welcomed into the struggle against apartheid. The Black Consciousness movement was based on the principle that the liberation struggle should be led by black people, whereas the UDF welcomed anyone who shared their goals and was willing to commit to them in struggle.
Mass Democratic Movement (MDM).
In 1989, the UDF and COSATU began cooperating more closely in a loose alliance called the Mass Democratic Movement, following restrictions on the UDF and COSATU by the apartheid government. The apartheid government described the MDM as a UDF/Cosatu/SACP alliance, although this was disputed by the MDM at the time.The loose nature of the MDM made it difficult for the apartheid government to ban.[http://www.nelsonmandela.org/omalley/index.php/site/q/03lv03445/04lv03446/05lv03480.htm
Treason Trials.
Several UDF members were among the accused in two of South Africa's most highly publicised trials. Accused (with the banned ANC and South African Communist Party ) of plotting to overthrow the government, the sixteen accused, including Albertina Sisulu, were acquitted in the first of these trials. In the Delmas Treason Trial (1985–1988), however, the nineteen were convicted, but these convictions were later set aside.
External links.
Online Archives
Open Access Academic Articles

</doc>
<doc id="2869444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869444" title="Recording a Tape the Colour of the Light">
Recording a Tape the Colour of the Light

Recording a Tape the Colour of the Light is the debut release of Montreal-based instrumental act Bell Orchestre. On the back of the album, the track listing includes a track set off from the rest called (frost). On the iTunes Music Store, the last three minutes and fifty seconds of "Recording A Tunnel (The Invisible Bells)" are sold under the name "Frost" and "Recording A Tunnel (The Invisible Bells)" is shortened to 6:32 playing time.

</doc>
<doc id="2869445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869445" title="Rugby Borough Council election, 2003">
Rugby Borough Council election, 2003

Elections to Rugby Council were held on 1 May 2003. One third of the council seats were up for election. The council stayed under no overall control. The number of councillors for each party after the election were Conservative 18, Labour 16, Liberal Democrat 10 and Independent 4.

</doc>
<doc id="2869449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869449" title="Armistice of Mudanya">
Armistice of Mudanya

The Armistice of Mudanya was an agreement between Turkey (the Grand National Assembly of Turkey) on the one hand, and Italy, France and Britain on the other hand, signed in the Ottoman town of Mudanya, in the province of Bursa, on 11 October 1922. The Kingdom of Greece acceded to the armistice on 14 October 1922. 
Context.
Under the Armistice of Mudros, ending its part in World War I, the Allied powers were allowed to occupy the forts of the Straits of the Dardanelles and Bosphorus. Subsequently they also occupied Constantinople. They also decided to partition the Ottoman Empire. This was resisted by Turkish nationalists in the form of the Grand National Assembly. Having achieved victories over occupying powers in Anatolia, Turkish forces were advancing on the neutral zone of the Straits. 
On 5 September 1922, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk asserted the Turkish claim to East Thrace. On 15 September, the British cabinet decided that British forces should maintain their position, and issued an ultimatum. On 19 September Britain decided to deny Constantinople and Thrace to the Turkish nationalists, but France, Yugoslavia, Italy, and the British Dominions objected to another war. Raymond Poincaré, the French prime minister, persuaded the Turks to respect the neutral zone. The allies asked for a peace conference on 23 September, to which Mustafa Kemal agreed on 29 September, nominating Mudanya as the venue. At the same time, the British cabinet decided to abandon East Thrace to the Turks. 
Talks were convened on 3 October, leading to the Armistice of Mudanya being signed on 11 October, agreement being reached two hours before British troops were due to attack at Chanak. The Greeks acceded to the terms on 13 October. 
Factors that convinced the Turks to sign probably included the arrival of British reinforcements.
Terms of the Armistice.
Under the terms agreed:
The final settlement between the parties was worked out at the Conference of Lausanne from 21 November 1922 to 24 February 1923 and from 23 April to 24 July 1923, leading to the Treaty of Lausanne. 
Allied troops continued to occupy the neutral zone, until they were withdrawn under the terms of the treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="2869451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869451" title="Sackville College">
Sackville College

Sackville College is a Jacobean almshouse in town of East Grinstead, West Sussex, England. 
It was founded in 1609 with money left by Robert Sackville, 2nd Earl of Dorset. Throughout its history it has provided sheltered accommodation for the elderly. 
Foundation.
Robert Sackville left £1,000 for the building and a rent charge of £330, for the endowment of a 'hospital or college' for twenty-one poor men and ten poor women, to be under the patronage and government of his heirs. This may have been an imitation of Emanuel College, Westminster, founded by his aunt, Anne Fiennes, Lady Dacre. The building of the almshouse known as 'Sackville College for the Poor' at East Grinstead was commenced about 1616 by the executors, his brother-in-law, Lord William Howard, and Sir George Rivers of Chafford. It was occupied before 1622.
Most of the Sackville lands were soon alienated by the founder's son, and the buyers refused to acknowledge the estate's liability to the college. On 6 July 1631 the poor inmates received a charter of incorporation, but their revenues were still irregularly paid. But in 1700, after long litigation, a reduced rent charge was imposed on the Sackville estates on behalf of the college, and the number of inmates reduced to twelve, with a warden. The college buildings were restored in the nineteenth century by the Countess Amherst and the Countess De la Warr.
Present charity.
The College is run as a charity, operating under an Act of Parliament from 1624 and a Royal Charter from 1631. The College continues to receive patronage from William Sackville, 11th Earl De La Warr. The building is located at the end of the High Street close to St Swithun's Church. 
It is built from local sandstone. The main building was completed in 1619, and remains exceptionally well preserved. The original lock is still used on the Chapel door and much furniture from the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries is preserved inside. It is a Grade I listed building. The building surrounds a courtyard which contains a well. The internal walls have large mullioned windows. The Great Hall features the original hammer-beam roof. Inside, the residences for the elderly have been modernized.
The College is run by a warden, who lives in part of the building that was originally used by the Sackville family on visits to their Sussex estates. The warden's office has not changed substantially since it was used by the Revd Dr John Mason Neale, who was warden from 1846 until his death in 1866. J.M. Neale was a hymn writer notable as the author of Good King Wenceslas. The warden's office is a good example of a Victorian study. The chapel was restored 1846-1866, in early C14 style by William Butterfield under the direction of Dr Neale.
The College is open Wednesday to Sunday during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="2869453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869453" title="WCFS-FM">
WCFS-FM

WCFS-FM (105.9 FM), known on-air as "WBBM Newsradio 780 & 105.9", is a radio station licensed to Elmwood Park, Illinois and serving the Chicago, Illinois market. Owned and operated by CBS Radio, WCFS has simulcast the all-news format of sister station WBBM (AM) since August 1, 2011, and also airs an adult contemporary (now Hot AC) music format on its HD radio subchannel.
WCFS-FM broadcasts from a 4.1kW transmitter atop Willis Tower (formerly Sears Tower), and its studios are located at Two Prudential Plaza in the Loop.
History.
Early days as WLEY.
According to the "Broadcasting Yearbook", the station's original call letters were WLEY in honor of Leyden Township, which contains Elmwood Park, the station's city of license. Original programming was in English and Polish.
In a discussion at his store (Metro Golden Memories), it was noted that an early English-language announcer at the station was Chuck Schaden as a visitor, then employee in the early 1960s. At the time, WLEY was located in a non-air-conditioned three-room shack behind an awning store near Grand and Harlem in Elmwood Park, Illinois. The broadcast tower still stands on the west side of Harlem Ave, but the WCKG transmitter relocated to the Sears Tower in 1974, one of the first to use its broadcast facility.
WXFM.
The Broadcasting Yearbook notes that WXFM was originally a local station for Elmwood Park. It was broadcast on 107.1 in the early 1950s, moving to 105.9 by 1960. When the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) shut down Chicago FM WCLM (because it broadcast horse race results on its sub-carrier), WXFM moved to the WCLM studio in the 333 N. Michigan Building, downtown.
The FCC website references that the station was sold by its original owner, Zeb Zarnecki, to Evelyn Schoenfield, a school teacher. Schoenfield hired Robert Victor to run the station. Victor was the son-in-law of Sol Polk, owner of Polk Brothers appliance stores. Polk Brothers sponsored several fine arts programs on the station. In the early 1960s, Victor took financial control of WXFM, without FCC approval. That move caught up with him as the FCC revoked the station license and put the frequency up for bid. Bidders included a Blue Island, Illinois station owner who had run WRBI-FM there, and Victor himself. Because of his radio programming experience, Robert Victor was awarded the new license, now called WXFM Incorporated.
Announcers in the 1960s included Stu Olsen (now in California), Al Von Maisch (the overnight host), Tod Branson (later a Milwaukee sportscaster), George Miller (night host) and Tom Jurek (sportscaster).
WXFM played a mix of classical music, folk music, and broadway showtunes. Sponsors included Polk Brothers (for the overnight show). It was affiliated with the "Market One Network", a sales representative who also sold for WQXR in New York City.
Throughout the 60s and into the 70s WXFM would offer a wide range of music programs. During the day Count BJ would spin jazz and big band favorites, Libby Olar hosted a Jewish program and Dick Lawrence played the “Best of Broadway”. In 1970 WXFM became the home of “Triad Radio,” a show that had originated on WEAW-FM in Evanston and featured a free-form album rock format. The show's irreverence and wide variety of musical styles would draw attention and listeners; introducing young Chicago ears to many new and unique bands. Hosted by the very hippish Saul Smaizys, Triad would gain cult status as the epitome of non-conformist radio. 
Late nights Ron Ray hosted classical music before having to run over to his day job at WNIB. Stereo facilities were added in 1971 that added to Triad's popularity.
Throughout the 70s WXFM continued to offer a diverse selection of programs as well as being one of the last major Chicago FM stations to offer brokering. Changing demographics would also affect WXFM. The rise of album rock radio in the mid 70s would drive Triad from the airwaves in 1977 and the station began to cater towards blues and jazz listeners.
By the early 80s, WXFM had evolved into a predominately jazz station playing a lot of fusion and what would later be called New Age. The price of FM properties in Chicago continued to rise and Victor took an offer from Cox Enterprises of Atlanta and sold the station in January, 1984. Shortly thereafter, the new owners launched a new Top 40 format, changing the call-letters to WAGO.
1980s.
In its last days before being sold to Cox Communications, WXFM featured a brokered jazz format on weekdays and a gospel music format on weekends, which included broadcasts of the Sunday services of several African-American churches. Weekday jazz disc jockeys included Dick Buckley and Holmes "Daddy-O" Daylie.
In 1984, Cox bought the station, and it became Top-40 as WAGO "G-106," featuring John Records Landecker in mornings, who had made a name for himself on WLS. The format was changed to AOR in February 1985 and the call letters became WCKG. Initially, the station played rock from 1964 through the then-present day, focusing on 1970s rock, but still playing a lot of current product. WCKG hired several former on-air staff from the formerly AOR WMET, which had evolved to AC.
1990s.
By the late 1980s, the station began to lean toward classic rock, and by 1990, WCKG was a classic rock station. Air personalities included Mitch Michaels, Patti Haze, Allan Stagg, Joe Thomas, and Debbie Alexander. The station was sold to CBS Radio in May 1996. The station evolved into a talk format in July 1996 with the addition of Chicago radio legend Steve Dahl in the afternoons and "The Howard Stern Show" in mornings, remaining classic rock in the other dayparts. Music jocks heard at this time included Kitty Loewy, Mark Zander, Phil Manicki, Kim Kelly, Tom Stevens, Karyn Kasi, Mike Summers, Bob Zak and Zach Harris. By 1998, WCKG had evolved to a talk format outside of overnights and weekends; the remaining music would be phased out by 1999. During this time, the station continually flipped monikers, from "Chicago's Super CKG" to "105.9 The PaCKaGe" to "105.9 WCKG" to "Chicago's Fun House".
2000s.
The return of rock to overnights and weekends in 2002 resulted in the station's re-positioning as "Talk That Rocks"; the playlist initially focused on active rock which slowly evolved to mainstream rock before being removed again by 2004. On October 25, 2005, with the re-branding of Infinity-owned FM talk stations to the "Free FM" brand, WCKG became known as "105.9 WCKG, Chicago's Free FM".
With Stern's departure from terrestrial radio on December 16, 2005, Infinity announced that effective January 3, 2006, WCKG would become the flagship radio station of "Rover's Morning Glory". Following months of poor ratings, "Rover's Morning Glory" was dropped on August 1, 2006, and was replaced by the New York-based "The Opie and Anthony Show". Steve Dahl continued to anchor the radio station with his afternoon drive-time show featuring newsman Buzz Kilman.
In early 2007, WCKG placed more emphasis on local announcers, with new programs featuring Matt Dahl and Garry Meier, and dropped the "Free FM" name to become "Chicago's FM Talk Station". On July 23, 2007 at 2:00 pm, the station began calling itself "The Package" once again, at the urging of Steve Dahl. These moves, however, were not enough to save the station's ratings, which despite an upward turn thanks to Meier, had still not recovered from loss of Stern.
October 29, 2007 was the last day of the talk format on WCKG, as hosts and station staff said their goodbyes on-air. At 5:00 pm that day, Steve Dahl announced that his show would continue to air through November 2 on WCKG, with best-of clips airing for the rest of the day, and his entire show moving to sister station WJMK on November 5.
From October 29 until November 4, 2007, WCKG played clips of the "Steve Dahl Show" around the clock. On November 2 CBS Radio planted stories with the media writers at the "Chicago Sun-Times" and "Chicago Tribune" that the station would switch to an all-Christmas format that afternoon before an after-Christmas unveiling of its actual new format. However this was a ruse, designed to throw future competitor and long-time ratings leader WLIT-FM off from its plans to start playing all-Christmas beginning November 8. WLIT ended up switching to all-Christmas music the morning on the 2nd; CBS Radio "backed off" its all-Christmas plan (which was actually designed to give the future WCFS a two-month head start on WTMX), and continued to play the best of Dahl all weekend.
Dahl's show moved to WJMK and became its new morning show on Monday, November 5. That day, WCKG simulcast several of Chicago's other CBS Radio affiliates. From 5:30 to 10 am, it simulcasted Dahl's first show on WJMK. From 10 am until 2 pm, it simulcasted WSCR. From 2 to 4 pm, it simulcasted WXRT, and from 4 to 5 pm, it simulcasted WBBM-AM, a harbinger of its future format. At 5 pm local time, after the CBS Radio News bell for the top of the hour newscast, WCKG became "Fresh 105.9" with an adult contemporary format. The first song played was "Beautiful Day" by U2. The station shared its branding with sister station WWFS in the New York City area (that station flipped to hot AC in 2011). However, this forced WLIT-FM's rimshot competitor WSSR 96.7 in Joliet, Illinois to move from adult contemporary to adult top 40. The new station, even though considered as adult contemporary by CBS Radio and others, primiarily played hot adult contemporary/adult top 40 hits, but was still reported on Mediabase & Nielsen BDS on the adult contemporary panel.
WCKG was the flagship station of the NBA's Chicago Bulls from 2006 until 2007. With the demise of WCKG's talk format, the Bulls returned to WMVP.
The station adopted the new WCFS calls on November 26, 2007, after FCC approval. A religious station owned by the Christian Fellowship Church in Du Quoin, Illinois also uses the same calls, but is a low power FM station, and thus identifies as WCFS-LP and will be able to keep those calls.
On Monday, February 25, 2008, morning personality Mike LeBaron and midday personality Lisa Greene signed on as the first DJ's on Chicago's "Fresh 105.9." On April 13, Program Director Mike Peterson named Rick Hall as afternoon host. Previously, Lebaron had been well known as a longtime part-time market veteran at WTMX-FM and WUSN-FM. Fellow market veteran Greene previously hosted an Oldies dance show on WJMK and similar features at WILV and WUBT (now WKSC-FM), was an APD/MD for AC stations, and had worked for many years as a traffic and news reporter, and co-host. Hall worked double duty as weekend/fill-in host at sister station WUSN and music director–midday host at Milwaukee's WFZH.
On Monday, September 28, 2009, Roxanne Steele, former B96/Chicago radio DJ, announced she would be returning to CBS Radio for afternoon host duties at WCFS. Rick Hall moves to mornings on a temporary basis as morning man Mike LeBaron exits.
On November 30, 2009, Steve Fisher debuted as the new morning man on WCFS. Upon Fisher's arrival, Rick Hall was moved to middays. However less than a year later, new program director Jim Ryan told reporters that Hall had been released in favor of FRESH weekender Brook Hunter.
2010s.
On March 30, 2010, it was announced that Program Director Bill Gamble left CBS in Chicago. Besides WCFS, Gamble programmed for CBS country music WUSN ("US99.5").
On August 1, 2011, at 8:10 am, after several weeks of commercials promoting the simulcast starting later that day, WCFS replaced the "Fresh" AC format with an FM simulcast of its all-news sister station, WBBM, which had been simulcast on WCFS' HD2 subchannel. The station had been playing songs signifying an end or change that morning, and the final songs on "Fresh" were "End Of The Road" by Boyz II Men and the first few seconds of "Don't You (Forget About Me)" by Simple Minds. The move was seen in some circles as a counter to FM competitor WWWN (now WKQX, which was in the process of transitioning to an all-news format, which formally occurred on July 29, 2011 (3 days before WCFS's move)). The "Fresh" AC format was moved to WCFS-HD2 on August 1, rebranding as "The New Sound of Fresh 105.9 HD2" and continuing online streaming on the Fresh website. Though WCFS uses WBBM's on-air branding ("NewsRadio 780 and 105.9 FM, WBBM"), its official call sign remains as is (and was not converted to WBBM-FM), thanks to Arbitron's use of the Portable People Meter for Chicago radio ratings, which does not need call letter verification. WBBM thus identifies both signals in a rushed form of station identification at :56 past the hour as "WBBM-HD Chicago, WCFS-FM-HD1 Elmwood Park-Chicago". 
WIQI's "FM News" format failed in the market and was ended on July 17, 2012 to be replaced by a 90's adult hits format. WBBM's move to place a simulcast on WCFS has been cited as one of the factors (beyond those of the station itself) of that station's failure to challenge WBBM, though the effect in WBBM's ratings with the simulcast was considered a minor, yet needed push to establish WBBM's news format on the FM dial by most Chicago media analysts.
The move made WLIT-FM as the exclusive adult contemporary radio station in Chicago. Even though WLIT-FM is softer than the former AC format at WCFS-FM, many of the hot adult contemporary fans moved to rivals WTMX, WSSR & WXLC, the latter two being rimshot stations. Plus, the WBBM-FM calls belong on its sister Contemporary Hit Radio station on 96.3 FM in Chicago. Three months later that same year, KNBQ in Seattle would follow, entirely dropping country music in favor of sports talk, simulcasting KJR-AM. Clear Channel kept the KJR-FM calls on its station (located at 95.7 FM), which is classic hits instead of sports talk, making it one of two major stations in 2011 to retain the calls after format flips, even though the same callsign's FM counterparts would have different formats despite being owned the same owner.
This is the second CBS Radio station in Chicago to flip formats during 2011; WJMK ditched Jack FM and its adult hits format early in 2011. In addition, WCFS-FM is the second Fresh FM station to ditch the adult contemporary format, the other being WIAD in Washington, D.C.. WWFS/New York City would follow two months later, switching to hot adult contemporary like WIAD, leaving KEZK in St. Louis, Missouri (which started using the branding in December 2010) the last Fresh FM station with an AC format. The switch also had the secondary effect of giving the NFL's Chicago Bears their first Chicago FM home in their history due to the simulcast.

</doc>
<doc id="2869454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869454" title="Sally Jones">
Sally Jones

Sally Jones is a British television news and sports presenter, later writing freelance on education and sport for newspapers and magazines including the "Sunday Times" and "Daily Telegraph".
Education.
Sally Jones was born in Coventry, Warwickshire, and educated at King Edward VI High School for Girls, Birmingham and St Hugh's College, Oxford where she read English and won five Blues and Half Blues for different sports including tennis, squash, netball, cricket and modern pentathlon. In 1976, she became a member of Oxford's first women's modern pentathlon side, which defeated Cambridge in the Varsity match at Uppingham School. She performed in various Oxford University Dramatic Society (OUDS) productions and was a member of the Oxford University Broadcasting Society. In 1976, she was Oxford University rock n'roll champion (Oxford Rock Soc) and began tap-dancing with the Oxcentrics jazz band as well as gaining notoriety via a student prank, successfully dressing up as a man to stand for membership of the university's exclusive, all-male Gridiron Club.
Sport.
She was Warwickshire county (Warwickshire LTA) and British schoolgirls tennis champion (Lawn Tennis Association) and a finalist in the British Under 21 doubles championship (LTA). She played county tennis, squash (Warwickshire, Devon and South Wales squash associations), and netball (Birmingham Schools and Midlands First teams), captaining the Midlands junior netball side, the Oxford University netball (OUNC) and tennis teams (OULTC) and the Warwickshire senior tennis team (WLTA) for ten years, leading them to the County Championship in 1997. She played in the first British Open women's Rackets Championship at Queen's CLub in March 2010, reaching the semi-finals. She won the Sunday Telegraph Travel Writing Prize for an account of a tennis tour of Ireland and two Catherine Pakenham awards for women journalists and has since broadcast and written widely on sport.
Broadcasting and writing career.
During her career, she has been a BBC news trainee, a TV reporter at Westward TV in Plymouth, and a TV presenter/reporter for HTV (Wales) where she also made several documentaries, and Central TV in Birmingham where she co-presented Central News and reported on the politics show Central Lobby during the 1980s. She has also reported for ITN and has written newspaper columns for the "Daily Mirror" and "Today" newspapers. In 1986, she became the BBC's first woman sports presenter on BBC Breakfast News and presented during the Seoul summer Olympic Games in 1988 and for BBC World during the 1992 Summer Olympics.
She has presented a string of other TV and radio programmes, including several series of "On the Line", the BBC TV sports politics show, the daytime show "The Garden Party", real tennis documentaries for Channel 4, coverage of women's British Open golf (St Mellion, Cornwall), international tennis, women's rugby and NBA basketball (BBC TV), "Transworld Sport" (Channel 4) and international gymnastics (ITV). She regularly presented "Woman's Hour" from Birmingham (BBC Radio 4) and was a member of the Radio Five Live Wimbledon tennis commentary team during the 1990s. In October 2010, she set up Sally Jones Features Ltd, a media consultancy specialising in sport, health, education, news and celebrity features and offering media training for a variety of firms and individuals.
Real tennis.
In 1986, she took up Real Tennis and won the world championship at Bordeaux in 1993 (Ladies Real Tennis Association), beating Charlotte Cornwallis in the final, as well as two British Open and two US Open championships. She has won a string of major doubles titles including two world championships with Alex Garside, in 1989 and 1991. She was British Open doubles finalist with Jo Iddles in 2008. She writes on Real Tennis and rackets and has worked as press officer for the Real Tennis and Rackets Association.
Personal life.
She was based in London but now lives in Warwickshire and Birmingham with her family. She married property developer John Grant in 1989 and the couple have two children, Roland, born in 1990 and Madeline, born in 1992. She has written four books on Westcountry legends and several on sport including the Ladybird Book of Riding. In 2006, she co-wrote and edited a prize-winning local history book on Georgian Warwickshire ("Georgian Coleshill"). She works for several charities including Birmingham Children's Hospital and Twycross Zoo and is a Governor of the King Edward's Schools' Foundation in Birmingham. 
A quiz enthusiast, she won "Sale of the Century" aged 18 and has since appeared on celebrity editions of "Fifteen to One" and "The Krypton Factor." In September 2008, she appeared on "Mastermind", although (as a sports journalist), she could not remember who captained England during the 2007 Rugby World Cup Final, she redeemed herself by winning with a score of 25 points.

</doc>
<doc id="2869460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869460" title="Jeffrey Black">
Jeffrey Black

Jeffrey Black (born in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, 1962) is an internationally acclaimed opera singer. He studied singing at the Queensland Conservatorium of Music, and appeared in many of the operas staged by the Conservatorium students and post-graduate students, including appearing in the role of "Figaro", as a first year opera student, in the Conservatorium's 1981 production of "The Marriage of Figaro", at the Basil Jones Theatre (now called the QUT Gardens Theatre).
Career.
Black was educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School. He won the Marianne Mathy Scholarship in the Australian Singing Competition in 1983 and the Armstrong-Martin Scholarship in 1985.
Black made his operatic debut as a principal singer with the Australian Opera in 1984. He made his debut in the United Kingdom at Glyndebourne in 1986. 
He currently resides in Barnes, Southwest London, with his wife Janice, son James and daughter Tiffany. Black's son has diabetes, and he has been active in fundraising in support of his cause.
Jeffrey Black has sung with some of the world's leading Opera companies, including:
Roles.
Jeffrey Black's opera and operetta roles have included, among others, the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2869467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869467" title="F.E.A.R. (song)">
F.E.A.R. (song)

"This article is about the Ian Brown single. For the song by American thrash metal band Testament, see The Formation of Damnation."
"F.E.A.R." is the first single from Ian Brown's third solo album, "Music of the Spheres". Released on 17 September 2001, it placed No. 13 on the UK Singles Chart and was both a commercial and critical success. In late 2002, it won a Muso Award for best single, as voted by his peers in the British music industry. In October 2011, "NME" placed it at number 67 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".
Influences.
The song incorporates a creative lyric scheme where each verse forms the acrostic "F.E.A.R." (For example, ""For each a road"" and ""Fallen empires are ruling""). In an interview with "Clash" magazine, Brown indicated that a main influence for "F.E.A.R." was "The Autobiography of Malcolm X", which preached the study of etymology, so that one could have "control over people through the use of language." Brown proceeded to create hundreds of acronyms from the word "fear".
Brown revisited the concept in the title of the "Solarized" track, "Time Is My Everything", which is often abbreviated by with the acronym "T.I.M.E." on concert setlists.
Remixed and instrumental versions of "F.E.A.R." also appeared in the remix album, "Remixes of the Spheres". A 30 second clip of the instrumental version appears at the end of the 12" version of "Music of the Spheres"; this is a tribute to Marvin Gaye's "What's Going On" which also featured a clip of the lead track at the end of the album.
Cultural references.
The song has influenced a fan-made banner on the Stretford End at English football club Manchester United's home stadium Old Trafford. The sign reads "For Everymanc A Religion", a take on the lyric "For everyman a religion".
The song appears on the "" episode "A Night at the Movies" where Nick, Warrick and Sara process the crime scene.
The UNKLE remix of this song is featured in the video game "F1 2010".
Music video.
The music video for "F.E.A.R." marked Brown's directorial debut. It featured footage of the singer slowly riding a bicycle through the busy streets of Soho and Chinatown in London, which was then reversed to give the impression of being ridden backwards. The route followed was from Berwick Street to Gerrard Street.

</doc>
<doc id="2869469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869469" title="Cultipacker">
Cultipacker

A cultipacker is a piece of agricultural equipment that crushes dirt clods, removes air pockets, and presses down small stones, forming a smooth, firm seedbed. Where seed has been broadcast, the roller gently firms the soil around the seeds, ensuring shallow seed placement and excellent seed-to-soil contact. 
The cultipacker differs from the field roller in that it is made up of many sections that form peaks and valleys in the soil where 
packer has been used. 
The term "cultipacker" is almost exclusively applied to ridged packers, while the term "roller" may refer to either a smooth or a ridged packer. 
A common practice amongst food plotters is to make their own cultipacker using a variety of plans specifically meant for building cultipackers.

</doc>
<doc id="2869470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869470" title="Too Beautiful for You">
Too Beautiful for You

Too Beautiful for You () is a 1989 French comedy film-drama film written and directed by Bertrand Blier. It tells the story of Bernard (Gérard Depardieu), a well established BMW car dealer in the South of France, is cheating on his beautiful wife (Carole Bouquet) with his ordinary looking temporary secretary (Josiane Balasko). The film had 2,031,131 admissions in France.

</doc>
<doc id="2869488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869488" title="1908 in art">
1908 in art


</doc>
<doc id="2869491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869491" title="Skip &amp; Flip">
Skip &amp; Flip

Skip & Flip was a U.S. pop duo, consisting of Skip (Clyde Battin) and Flip (Gary S. Paxton). They met while attending the University of Arizona in the late 1950s.
Career.
Once known as the Rockabillies, they recorded on Rev Records as the Pledges and then as Gary & Clyde. Time Records picked up their Rev master, "Why Not Confess"/"Johnny Risk", and then moved them to its Brent Records label, under the name Skip and Flip. Their recording of Paxton's song "It Was I" entered the U.S. Top 20 in 1959, peaking at No. 11, and the follow-up, "Fancy Nancy", charted at No. 71. Their next release, a revival of Marvin And Johnny's R&B hit single, "Cherry Pie", also made No. 11 but proved to be their last chart entry together.
Paxton went on to record for several labels using several names, including the Hollywood Argyles, who topped the charts in 1960 with the novelty song "Alley-Oop". He also had hits as a producer and label owner. One of his productions included "Monster Mash", by Bobby "Boris" Pickett.
Paxton later started the Bakersfield International label in the mid-1960s, attempting to cash in on the Bakersfield sound, recording out of a converted Flxible Flyer bus, in which he built a mobile eight-track recording studio, working with a number of musicians. These including several who later went on to play in the Byrds and other country rock acts of the era, including the Reasons (aka Nashville West, featuring Gene Parsons), Clarence White, Gib Gilbeau, and Wayne Moore), the Gosdin Brothers, and Dennis Payne. Many of these sessions ended up on low-budget releases and exploitative cover albums, such as "Guitar Country" by Bakersfield's Big Guitars on Jasico Records. It would appear that Paxton sold these sessions to other labels to finance projects closer to his own heart.
Paxton moved to Nashville in the early 1970s, recorded several country albums under his own name, and is now a noted personality in the gospel music world. 
Battin recorded on Indigo Records, May Records, Groove Records, Audicon Records and Signpost Records. He played in such groups as Evergreen Blueshoes, the Byrds, New Riders of the Purple Sage, and the Flying Burrito Brothers, as well as doing session work with a wide variety of artists.

</doc>
<doc id="2869494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869494" title="Ivan Shapovalov">
Ivan Shapovalov

Ivan Nikolayevich Shapovalov (Cyrillic: Иван Николаевич Шаповалов, born 28 May 1966) is a musical producer based in Moscow, Russia. He is best known for being the founder and former executive producer/manager for t.A.T.u. It has been also recently confirmed that he is reuniting with ex-t.A.T.u. member Julia Volkova for her upcoming solo album.
Early life and career.
Shapovalov was born in Kotovo, Volgograd Oblast, Russian SFSR. He was born to an artist father, Nikolay Aleksandrovich and physics teacher mother Nadezhda Richardovna. He was inspired by his mother to attend a physics school.
In 1988, Shapovalov graduated from Saratov Medical Institute, for Child psychiatry. In Balakovo, he opened a private practice. From 1992 to 1999 he was a marketing director and advertising director. He created many commercials in Russia. During this time, he met Alexander Voitinskyi. During this time he also created a commercial for the computer company R&K, co-founded by Boris Renski, whom he soon became friends with as well. He has also been part of a winning campaign team for a Russian senator.
Production career.
In 1999, Shapovalov with Voitinskyi, Sergio Galoyan, Renski and then-lover Elena Kiper, created t.A.T.u., where most of Shapovalov's success would come from. He directed the extremely controversial music video of t.A.T.u's 2000 single "Ya Soshla S Uma" ("All the Things She Said"). During the project, Shapovalov eventually had a falling out with both Voitinskyi and Kiper. Ivan led the girls to stardom as their producer, with a controversial image, and producer of the production company Neformat, which he and Renski formed.
In 2003, Shapovalov formed the project Podnebesnaya to develop his producing skills. He ended up working with many artists, and becoming the producer of 7B and n.A.T.o.. Ivan is also friends with the TEMA girls, and has been cited on being their producer, however, he is not.
However, in 2004, t.A.T.u. decided to break off from Shapovalov (and Neformat) and continue alone. t.A.T.u. was soon re-signed to Universal Music, appointing Boris Renski as their head producer.
Late August 2006, Ivan Shapovalov released a song titled "Я не людоед" (Ya Ne Lyudoed; I'm Not a Cannibal), featuring his friend, and Podnebesnaya co-star, Helya. 
With his friend Pavel Vrublevsky he is a co-owner of the commercial mp3 download site Mp3search.ru.

</doc>
<doc id="2869498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869498" title="Lucknow division">
Lucknow division

Lucknow division is an administrative geographical unit of Uttar Pradesh state of India. Lucknow is the administrative headquarters of the division. As of 2005, the division consists of
Lucknow, Hardoi, Lakhimpur Kheri, Raebareli, Sitapur, and Unnao.

</doc>
<doc id="2869503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869503" title="Markus Rühl">
Markus Rühl

Markus Rühl (born 22 February 1972, in Darmstadt, Germany) is an IFBB professional bodybuilder. Rühl began training at the age of 18 following a doctor's recommendation after sustaining a knee injury while playing soccer. At 120 lb., Rühl began training hard six days a week until deciding to compete on a professional level five years later. During this period he worked as a used car salesman. He possesses some of the biggest shoulders in bodybuilding history, and claims to be one of the strongest bodybuilders alive along with Johnnie O. Jackson, Stan Efferding and Dennis Wolf.

</doc>
<doc id="2869504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869504" title="Ezekiel A. Straw">
Ezekiel A. Straw

Ezekiel Albert Straw (December 30, 1819 – October 23, 1882), was an engineer, businessman, and politician from Manchester, New Hampshire. He was born in Salisbury, but moved with his family to Lowell, Massachusetts, where his father, James B. Straw, was employed at the Appleton Manufacturing Company. Ezekiel A. Straw, eldest of 7 children, attended schools in Lowell before enrolling at Phillips Andover Academy in Andover, where he showed an aptitude for mathematics.
Upon leaving Phillips Andover, Straw was hired in the spring of 1838 as an assistant civil engineer at the Nashua & Lowell Railway, then under construction. On July 4, 1838, he arrived in Manchester, New Hampshire, sent to substitute for a civil engineer at the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company who had become ill. The position soon became permanent. One of his first duties was laying out lots and streets for the new industrial city as envisioned by Amoskeag's cultured treasurer (president), William Amory. He also assisted with the construction of the dam and canal. In 1842, he founded the community's first Unitarian Society. Straw was sent by the mills to England and Scotland in November 1844 to gather information and machinery for manufacturing and printing muslin delaines, which the Manchester Print Works introduced to the United States. In July 1851, he was appointed agent (manager) of Amoskeag.
Straw was a Republican state representative from 1859 to 1864 and a state senator from 1864 to 1866. In his second year in the state senate, he served as its president. In 1869, he was appointed to the staff of Governor Onslow Stearns. From 1872 to 1874, he served two terms as Republican governor of New Hampshire. Straw was treasurer and principal owner of the Namaske Mill from its organization at Manchester in 1856 until it was purchased by Amoskeag in 1875, and director of the Langdon Mills after Amoskeag acquired it in 1874. He was a principal figure in creation of the Manchester waterworks, gas light company and public library. In addition, he served as president of the Blodget Edge Tool Manufacturing Company, New England Cotton Manufacturers' Association (now the National Textile Association) and New Hampshire Fire Insurance Company.
On April 6, 1842, he married Charlotte Smith Webster, who bore him 4 children before dying on March 15, 1852. Their son, Herman F. Straw, would become agent of the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company from 1885 until 1919. Ezekiel A. Straw was awarded an honorary Master of Arts degree from Dartmouth College in 1860. He died in 1882 at Manchester and is buried in Valley Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2869505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869505" title="Rod, Jane and Freddy">
Rod, Jane and Freddy

Rod, Jane and Freddy was the best known name for a singing trio who appeared in children's programming on the British TV channel ITV in the 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s. They starred both in the long-running series "Rainbow" as well as their own 15-minute show, The Rod, Jane and Freddy Show. The trio have also made numerous guest appearances in several other children's TV shows including "The Sooty Show".
The original trio consisted of Rod Burton, Jane Tucker and Matthew Corbett, when they were known as "Rod, Matt and Jane". Corbett left the trio in 1976 to continue hosting "The Sooty Show" after his father retired. Corbett was replaced by actor Roger Walker, whereupon the trio became known as "Rod, Jane and Roger". When Walker left in 1980 to continue his career in acting he was replaced by Freddy Marks, leading to the best remembered incarnation of the trio.
During their 3 decades working on children's television they managed to write over 2500 songs on various topics using many different music styles, Most were comedic and fun but some had deeper meanings.
Overall they have written and produced 10 albums and 24 videos, and conceived and performed numerous jingles for commercial radio, theme and title music for TV and songs for pantomimes.
"Rod, Jane and Freddy".
Due to the their popularity on "Rainbow" in 1980 Rod, Jane and Freddy were approached by ITV to make their own show, "Rod, Jane and Freddy" aired its first episode on 15 January 1981. Rod, Jane and Freddy appeared in both their own show and "Rainbow" until 1991 when they left their position as musicians on Rainbow to focus solely on their own series.
Their show often followed a certain format:
Episode list.
The following is a list of Episodes. (Fremantle archive episode list use master tape titles where available, if unavailable they use the episode titles as they appeared in T.V Guides)
Due to a fire at the ITV vaults in 1992 many of the master tapes from 1981 - 1982 have been destroyed, the fire also damaged a few other masters including, LIGHT (1990) and PUTTING ON A SHOW (1989).
Touring.
Rod, Jane and Freddy toured the UK until 1996, their stage show followed the same format and the 15 minute ITV show, filled with songs, dancing, mime and comedy. In 1996 they won a Gold Badge Award from The British Academy of Composers and Songwriters.
Videos.
The trio released a number of videos in the late 80s and early 90s. These include:
Present day.
Although the trio no longer regularly appear on television (apart from repeats of Rainbow from the early 1980s on the UK digital TV channel Nick Jr.), they remain a popular attraction in British children's theatre and in pantomime. The trio can also be spotted in Peter Kay's video for his 2007 Comic Relief release of "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)".
In June 2008 Rod, Jane and Freddy appeared on the show "50 Ways To Leave Your TV Lover" on Sky and talked about newspaper claims that they were involved in a love triangle. They revealed that Rod and Jane had in fact been married and divorced, Jane partnering up with Freddy some time after he had joined the trio, a relationship that continues to this day.
Jane Tucker appeared on "The Justin Lee Collins Show" on ITV2 on 19 March 2009. She was in the part of the show called 'A Blast From The Past' and also appeared at the end of the show dancing with Justin.

</doc>
<doc id="2869507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869507" title="Nils-Aslak Valkeapää">
Nils-Aslak Valkeapää

Nils-Aslak Valkeapää, known as Áillohaš in the Northern Sami language (23 March 1943 – 26 November 2001) was a Finnish Sami writer, musician and artist. He was born in Enontekiö in Lapland province, Finland. He lived most of his life in Käsivarsi, close to the border of Sweden, and also in Skibotn in Norway. Valkeapää was born to a family of traditional reindeer herders, but was trained as a school teacher. His most well known international debut was when he performed at the opening ceremony of the 1994 Winter Olympic Games in Lillehammer, Norway.
Works.
The traditional Sami singing of the joik was important in his music, as well as in his painting and in written works. He was first recognised as an artist for his joik during the 1960s, with his first recording "Jojkuja" from 1968, which contained modernised joik. Valkeapeää wrote the music to the motion picture "Ofelaš", internationally known as "The Pathfinder" in 1987, which was directed by Nils Gaup. 
As a writer, he mainly wrote in Sami with his work translated into other languages and eventually published eight collections of poems. One of his best known is "Beaivi áhčážan" which has been translated to English, titled "The Sun, My Father".
Nils-Aslak Valkeapää died on his way home from Japan during a stay in Helsinki at the age of 58. The possible cause of death was from complications from a 1996 automobile accident.
Posthumous publication of Nils-Aslak Valkeapää's work includes two poems included on his godson Niko Valkeapää's eponymous début album. An article published by the Music Information Center Norway stated, "In his trademark, understated style, Niko composes melodies that weave their way into and out of his godfather’s words. Nils Aslak Valkeapää was one of the foremost exponents of Sami art and culture through his long and distinguished career as a poet, composer and artist. Says Niko on his godfather’s influence: 'I can’t deny that Nils Aslak was a role model for me – he was a figure that I would look up to. He has been a source of inspiration and I have included two of his poems on my album to pay homage to him.”
A recording of Nils-Aslak Valkeapää performing his joik, forms the centrepiece of "Prayer For The Earth", a track on "The Songs of Distant Earth", the 1994 album by British musician Mike Oldfield.
Written works.
Poems

</doc>
<doc id="2869533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869533" title="Andrija Puharich">
Andrija Puharich

Andrija Puharich, MD - (born Karel Puharić, February 19, 1918 - January 3, 1995) was a medical and parapsychological researcher, medical inventor and author, known as the person who brought Israeli Uri Geller and Dutch-born Peter Hurkos (1911-1988) to the United States for scientific investigation.
Biography.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, he was the son of poor Yugoslav immigrants. His father had entered the U. S. in 1912 as a stowaway. At home Karel's parents always called him "Andrija," which apparently wasn't his name at birth but just his parents' nickname for him. When Karel, as a young boy, started attending school, his parents enrolled him under the name "Henry Karl Puharich," feeling he would be more easily accepted with that name than with the foreign-sounding name "Karel Puharić." Thereafter he often signed his name as "Henry Karl Puharich." He didn't start using his nickname "Andrija" as his first name until sometime in the later part of his life. 
In 1947, Puharich graduated from the Northwestern University School of Medicine. His residency was completed at Permanente Hospital in California, where he specialized in Internal Medicine. Puharich was a U.S. Army officer in the early 1950s. During that time, he was in and out of Edgewood Arsenal Research Laboratories and Fort Detrick, meeting with various high-ranking officers and officials, primarily from the Pentagon, CIA, and Naval Intelligence. The Edgewood Arsenal is currently officially called the Edgewood Area of Aberdeen Proving Ground. 
Of his many books, Puharich wrote a supportive biography of Uri Geller, a paranormal case he investigated with the help of Itzhak Bentov, among others. Before that he investigated favorably the Brazilian psychic surgeon Zé Arigó. Puharich also investigated Mexican psychic surgeon Pachita. One of his books is "The Sacred Mushroom: Key to the Door of Eternity", describes his work with psychics. In 1960, Puharich investigated materialization séances at Camp Chesterfield and discovered the use of cheesecloth being used to fake ectoplasm.
Two of the most famous of Puharich's over 50 patents were devices that assist hearing - the "Means For Aiding Hearing" and "Method And Apparatus For Improving Neural Performance In Human Subjects By Electrotherapy" ". He was also granted a in 1983 for a "Method and Apparatus for Splitting Water Molecules." His research included studying the influence of extremely low frequency ELF electromagnetic wave emissions on the mind, and he invented several devices allegedly blocking or converting ELF waves to prevent harm.
Puharich claimed he had investigated the effects of a low frequency radiation beam that the Soviet Union had been testing. According to Puharich the beam was based on the work of Nikola Tesla and could be used as a weapon to control people. He also claimed the beam was responsible for climatic disturbances, earthquakes, Legionnaires' disease and violent riots. Puharich wrote Tesla was contacted several times by extraterrestrials.
Dr. Andrija Puharich played himself on "Perry Mason", in the episode, "The Case of the Meddling Medium," in 1961. He conducted a series of three tests to help determine the ESP of Mason's client accused of murder. During the third test the actual murderer was exposed.
While working in Mexico, Puharich married and was later divorced by the future founder and director of The American Visionary Art Museum, Rebecca Alban Hoffberger.
Peter Hurkos.
Puharich was impressed by the stories about the Dutch psychic Peter Hurkos and invited him to the USA in 1956 to investigate his alleged psychic abilities. Hurkos was studied at Puharich’s Glen Cove, Maine, medical research laboratory under what Puharich considered to be controlled conditions. The results convinced Puharich that Hurkos had genuine psychic abilities. However the experiments were not repeated by other scientists. Puharich was described as a "credulous investigator." Raymond Buckland has written "with the exception of Dr. Andrija Puharich, not a single recognized psychic investigator has been impressed with Hurkos's performances."
Uri Geller.
Puharich met Uri Geller in 1971 and endorsed him as a genuine psychic, he claimed Geller was sent to earth by extraterrestrials from a spaceship fifty-three thousand light years away. In 1974, Puharich claimed he had observed Geller transmute base metal into gold by psychic power. 
Puharich also claimed that Geller teleported a dog through the walls of his house. Martin Gardner wrote as "no expert on fraud was there as an observer" then nobody should take the claim of Puharich seriously. His paranormal claims about Geller were criticized by the psychologist David Marks.
In his biography of Geller, "Uri: A Journal of the Mystery of Uri Geller" (1974) Puharich claimed that with Geller he had communicated with super intelligent computers from outer space. According to Puharich the computers sent messages to warn humanity that a disaster is likely to occur if humans do not change their ways. Puharich claimed that extraterrestrial beings had communicated to him that Geller was the chosen savior of mankind and had been given the ability to contact flying saucers and perform paranormal phenomena such as psychokinesis, spoon bending, telepathy and teleportation. He also claimed to have experienced poltergeist phenomena with Geller. The psychologist Christopher Evans who reviewed the book in the "New Scientist", wrote that although Puharich believed in every word he had written, the book was credulous and "those fans of Geller's who might have hoped to have used the book as ammunition to impress the sceptics. They will be the most disappointed of all". James Randi has written the biography contained "silly theories" but was "both a boost and a millstone to Geller".

</doc>
<doc id="2869534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869534" title="Dina Pathak">
Dina Pathak

Dina Pathak or Deena Pathak (4 March 1922 – 11 October 2002) was a veteran actor and director of Gujarati theatre and also a film actor. She was also a woman activist and remained the President of the 'National Federation of Indian Women' (NIFW). A doyen of Hindi and Gujarati films as well as theatre, Dina Pathak acted in over 120 films in a career spanning over six decades. Her production "Mena Gurjari" in Bhavai folk theatre style, ran successfully for many years, and is now a part of its repertoire. 
She is best known for her memorable roles in the Hindi films "Gol Maal" and "Khubsoorat". She was a favourite of the Art Cinema in India where she essayed powerful roles in films like "Koshish", "Umrao Jaan", "Mirch Masala" and "Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho!".
Her notable Gujarati films were "Moti Ba", "Malela Jeev", and "Bhavni Bhavai" while her well-known plays include "Dinglegar", "Doll's House", "Vijan Sheni" and Girish Karnad's "Hayavadana", directed by Satyadev Dubey.
Early life.
Dina Pathak was born in Amreli - Gujarat on 4 March 1922. She was enamoured by fashion and films, and while a teenager started acting in plays and won rave reviews from critics.
At a young age, she joined the Indian National Theatre as an actress. She attended college in Bombay (Mumbai), and became known for her student activism, where Bhavai theatre, a folk theatre form from Gujarat, was used extensively to create awareness about British rule, in the Pre-independence era; this led to her close association with Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA), along with her elder sister Shanta Gandhi and younger sister Tarla Mehta; while in Mumbai, she had an important hand in reviving the Gujarati theatre there, along with fellow Gujarati actors like Kailash Pandya and Damini Mehta.
Career.
She created quite a stir with her plays in Gujarat in the 1940s. The audience queued up to watch her play the lead in "Maina Gurjari", which is still one of most popular Bhavai's along with sister Shanta Gandhi's "Jasma Odhan". In 1957, when she performed "Mena Gurjari" in front then President, Dr. Rajendra Prasad at the Rashtrapati Bhawan in Delhi, it became the first and the only Gujarati play to have achieved the feat so far. 
Although she made her film debut with a Gujarati film, "Kariyawar" (1948), she retreated back into theatre after acting just one film, only to return nearly two decades later. 
Meanwhile she continued playing to packed audience in plays by Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA) and Shanti Bardhan’s Ballet troupe. Later she formed her own theatre group in Ahmedabad called 'Natmandal', even today, she is remembered as a stalwart performer and a theatre activist at IPTA. 
At 44 years of age, she made a comeback into films, with Basu Bhattacharya’s "Uski Kahani" (1966), for which she won the Bengal Journalists Association Award. She made four films in the 1960s, including Hrishikesh Mukherjee's classic "Satyakam" (1969), "Saat Hindustani" (1969), starring Amitabh Bachchan in his debut role and the Merchant Ivory Productions, "The Guru" (1969).
By the times 1970s, she had become a favourite of art and commercial films alike, playing powerful motherly and grandmotherly roles. It was in these films that she became recognized as the Grand-Old-Mother of Hindi films. 
Films that stand out in this era are Gulzar's "Mausam" (1975), "Kinara" (1977), and "Kitaab" (1977), and sweet comedies like Basu Chatterjee’s "Chitchor" (1976), "Gharaonda" (1977), and also in an art cinema classic, Shyam Benegal’s "Bhumika" (1977), which saw her standing tall alongside another acting legend, Smita Patil, in career best performance.
Just as the 1970s ended, she was seen in the comedy classic, Hrishikesh Mukherjee's "Gol Maal" (1979), where she essayed the role of Kamala Shrivastava, a middle-aged woman who sportingly plays mother to Amol Palekar, who went on to direct her in his 1985 film, "Ankahee". 
The next decade began with another career best, as a stern disciplinarian matriarch in Hrishikesh Mukherjee’s "Khoobsurat" in (1980), closely followed by "Bhavni Bhavai" (1980). In 1980, she was also awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award. During the 80s she also appeared on the popular TV series, "Malgudi Days", a Shankar Nag’s TV adaptation of R. K. Narayan’s eponymous classic. In 1984, she starred in David Lean classic "A Passage to India". Though she had far from given career best she gave another powerful performance in Ketan Mehta's "Mirch Masala" (1985), Govind Nihalani's "Tamas" (1986) and once again she worked with Gulzar in "Ijaazat" (1987).
Perhaps her career best came in another comedy, when in 2002 she appeared in Indo-Canadian film, Deepa Mehta's "Bollywood/Hollywood" for which she was nominated for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role at the 23rd Genie Awards. 
She completed her last film, "Pinjar" (2003), but died before its release, due to heart attack, following a prolonged illness, on 11 October 2002 in Bandra, Bombay.
Personal life.
She married Baldev Pathak and had two daughters, Supriya Pathak (b. 1961) and Ratna Pathak (b. 1963), and thus connected with the Kapoor-Pathak-Shah film family.

</doc>
<doc id="2869537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869537" title="Albuquerque Public Schools">
Albuquerque Public Schools

Albuquerque Public Schools is a school district based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Founded in 1891, the Albuquerque Public School District (APS) is the largest of 89 public school districts in the State of New Mexico.
In 2010 it had a total of 139 schools with some 89,500 students. It had 89 elementary, 27 middle and 13 high schools, as well as 10 alternative schools.
Schools.
A complete list of schools is available on the Albuquerque Public Schools school list.

</doc>
<doc id="2869544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869544" title="Ottonian architecture">
Ottonian architecture

Ottonian Architecture is an architectural style which evolved during the reign of Emperor Otto the Great (936-975). The style was found in Germany and lasted from the mid 10th century until the mid 11th century.
Ottonian architecture draws its inspiration from Carolingian and Byzantine architecture. Apart from some examples influenced by the octagonal Palatine Chapel at Aachen such as Ottmarsheim (11th century, Alsace) and the apse of the abbey of the Holy Trinity at Essen, religious architecture tends to diverge from the centralised plan. Inspiration though from the Roman basilica remains concurrent, and Ottonian architecture preserves the Carolingian double ended feature with apses at either end of the church.

</doc>
<doc id="2869546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869546" title="Garrison ration">
Garrison ration

A garrison ration is the quantity and type of food served to a soldier when they are stationed somewhere. It is generally not the same as the rations fed to troops in combat or transit - usually termed combat rations, "field rations", "marching rations" or some other task-specific term. This term is mostly used with respect to historic militaries. Modern thinking about nutrition and military logistical support is generally very different today, although people may still speak of "garrison rations" in relatively underdeveloped countries.
Traditionally, the garrison ration of an army was quite simple and often inadequate for basic nutrition. The British army in the 18th century encouraged troops to grow vegetables at their bases, and sometimes raise livestock, in order to supplement their nutrition. British garrison rations at the time generally consisted of one pound of bread and three-quarters of a pound of beef daily. [http://www.heritage.nf.ca/exploration/glife_18c_3.html]
Garrison rations in the United States.
During the American revolution, the Continental Congress regulated garrison rations, stipulating in the "Militia Law of 1775" that they should consist of:
These proportions changed fairly little until the American Civil War, although the exact contents varied somewhat. In 1863, potatoes were added to the ration at a rate of thirty pounds per hundred rations. The development of early nutrition science in the late 19th century led to changes to rations in 1892 that emphasized a more diverse selection of vegetables in addition to meat and potatoes. The principles behind the garrison ration came under fire after the Spanish-American War, as the long distance between American supply chains and troops fighting in Cuba, Puerto Rico and especially the Philippines left soldiers eating rotten foods and subsisting on canned goods that were made to very poor standards. The American death toll from bad food in that war exceeded combat fatalities.
By World War I, the American garrison ration had improved dramatically, including 137 grams of protein, 129 grams of fat, and 539 grams of carbohydrate every day, with a total of roughly 4000 calories. However, fresh vegetables were largely absent, and the ration was inadequate in terms of vitamins. Further advances in nutrition led to the replacement of the garrison ration in 1933 with the "New Army ration", which ultimately developed into the rations system described at "United States military ration".
Since the WWII-era, A-rations and B-rations have been provided as part of garrison rations.
Currently garrison rations that are prepared in dining facilities and mess halls use a standard pounds per hundred sheet for all meats. They also have standard recipe cards are follow guidenlines under TB MED530 for compliance standards.

</doc>
<doc id="2869548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869548" title="Hapoel Haifa F.C.">
Hapoel Haifa F.C.

Hapoel Haifa Football Club (, "Moadon HaKaduregel Hapoel Haifa") is an Israeli football club located in Haifa. The club won one championship (1998–99) and 3 Israeli cups (1962–63, 1965–66 and 1973–74). The Team is also known as "The Sharks". The club's home since the early 1990s is the Kiryat Eliezer Stadium in Haifa, in which they have played since their departure from Kiryat Haim Stadium, their original home stadium since the 1950s. The colours of the team's home kit are red throughout. The away colours are white shirts, and black shorts and socks.
History.
The Early Years.
The beginning of the club was in a local organization founded in Haifa in 1924. This organization included several branches related to sports, in addition to branches related to worker movements and the Histadrut. Their goal was to found the first ever labor football club in Palestine, like those around the world. The most acceptable version about the club's establishment says that during Passover, on April 24, 1924, the establishment meeting took place, in a house at the Hadar Neighborhood in Haifa, including 36 representatives of the different authorities. The meeting was led by Yehoshua Sherpstein and Yair Aharony.
On May 1, 1924, Labor Day, was the first match, in which Hapoel Haifa beat 3–1 the train workers of Haifa. In the first years of the club it played mainly friendly matches against different teams from Palestine, Europe, and the Middle East (Since the Football Association was yet to be established, there were no formal matches).
At the beginning Hapoel Haifa was included under the Maccabi union, since it was the only union at that time. Two years later the club decided to leave Maccabi, and was among the founders of the new union, Hapoel.
In 1928 the Israel Football Association (IFA) was founded, and formal matches were scheduled: In the first 4 years only cup matches, and afterwards league matches were added. During these years Hapoel Haifa did not win many trophies, yet it was still one of the leading teams in the country. In 1932 the team qualified to its first cup final, against the British Police. The referee was British, and some of the decisions he made were very controversial. During the match, when the score was 1–0 to Hapoel Haifa (goal by Yonah Stern), after some decisions that the players of Haifa found very odd and unfair, one of Haifa players stole the cup. As a result Hapoel Haifa was disqualified. That year 5 of Haifa's players made it to the Palestine squad.
The Fifties.
In 1950, after the War of Independence, the Israeli League returned to action, and Haifa finished in the 3rd place, after Maccabi and Hapoel Tel-Aviv. Two years later the cup matches were renewed. These years were direct continuation to the seasons before the state of Israel was established, when the team was one of the leaders, yet did not manage to win any trophies.
The Sixties and The Seventies.
Hapoel was very weak in the early sixties. The team finished 1962/63 one before last, and was supposed to relegate to the second division. But, due to suspicions about improper matches, the relegations were canceled (many say that this was due to the connections of the heads of Hapoel in the IFA). At this turning point, many talented young players promoted from the youth team, causing a significant improvement that started the club's best period. In the same season, 1962/63, the club won the Israel State Cup, after beating Maccabi Haifa in the final 1–0. In all of the following seasons the team finished in the top third of the league, and qualified to the cup final three more times. The main players of the team at that time were Abba Gindin, Yitzhak Englander, Yochanan Vollach and Roby Young. These players were some of the greatest players in Israeli football in the 1960s and the 1970s and were part of the Israel national team for many years. Roby Young was even the captain of the national team.
In 1974 Hapoel Haifa won the Israeli cup again. In those years the club's leading players began to leave it, including the shocking transfer of Englander and Vollach to the bitter rival Maccabi Haifa, due to Hapoel's poor management. Although the team finished 2nd in 1975, a great fall began, leading to the big crush of the 1980s.
The Eighties: The Downfall.
In 1981 the team relegated, for the first time ever, to the second division. Until then it was one of the 3 clubs that never relegated (alongside Maccabi and Hapoel Tel Aviv). That was the beginning of the worst decade in the club's history. Even the signing of Peter Lorimer, one of the greatest players of Leeds United, as manager, didn't help and he left several months later. The big crisis in the Histadrut led to a financial crisis in the club, which was on the verge of bankruptcy. The crisis hit also the administrative side, and directors were replaced frequently. Near the end of the 1980s, three former players of the club, Yitzhak Englander, Avi Kaufman and Efraim Gabay, took the club to their hands as an exterior organization, hoping to save the club from bankruptcy, yet due to lack of funding sources they couldn't solve the financial crisis in the club.
The Nineties: The Age of Shapira.
In 1992 the team promoted to the first division in the second time. That season was accompanied with rumors about an anonymous businessman who took responsibility on the club. Ultimately, the anonymous was turned out to be Ruby Shapira, a businessman who made his fortune in the fishing business in Nigeria. Shapira gave big amounts of money to the club and saved it from financial collapse. That money was used to purchase many leading players, but the team made no remarkable achievement and was still at relegating danger. Following a long streak of losses during the season of 1993/94 Shapira decided to buy the club from the Histadrut. In the first years under Shapira many great players and managers were brought to the team, yet it could not win trophies and achieve the club's great ambition: championship.
1998–99: The Championship.
In 1997–98 Hapoel Haifa reached 3rd place, with Eli Guttman as manager. The following season the team was tagged as a top team, but not as a candidate for championship. In spite of the predictions, a streak of impressive victories put Haifa in the 1st place, with a big advantage over the rest of the league. Hapoel showed a very tactical and effective style of football that dragged criticism from different sources, such as the media and other teams. Hapoel remained in the 1st place and increased its advantage over other teams.
On Saturday, May 8, 1999, in the 27th round of the league, Hapoel Haifa competed with Maccabi Tel Aviv, who was 2nd before that round, in Kiryat Eliezer Stadium. Hapoel won the match 3–2 (two goals by Oren Zeituni and one more by Oren Nissim) and was crowned as champion, for the first (and only) time.
Millennium – Present: The Death of Shapira and Inconsistent Results.
In the season following the championship, the team finished a disappointing 7th. Two key players left (Liron Basis to Maccabi Tel Aviv, Najwan Ghrayib to Aston Villa), and their replacements couldn't lead the team to repeat the great achievement. The next season, the manager Guttman left, and his replacement Guy Levy brought 4 new foreign players: Alin Minteuan, Oleg Yelshev, Michael Anicic and Viktor Paço, who joined veteran Dimitry Ulianov. The team finished in the 3rd place after two victories in the Haifa derby against Maccabi (3–0 and 3–1), and 3 victories over the current champion Hapoel Tel Aviv (3–1 and 1–0 in Tel Aviv and 2–0 at home).
In the summer of 2001, the media reported that Shapira had decided to reduce his investment in the club significantly. The club's budget was decreased, planned expenditures were canceled and key players were released. It was later discovered that Shapira's financial status had deteriorated. He had significant debts and his businesses were close to bankruptcy. Some of the club's assets, including player cards, were mortgaged to a Dutch fishing company which Shapira owed money to. On Friday, December 14, 2001, Shapira committed suicide in his house in Nigeria. After his suicide, the court in Haifa ruled that Hapoel Haifa would be administered by a temporary liquidators. At the end of that season (2001/02), Hapoel was relegated to the second division. For nearly 3 years the club was managed by 3 liquidators, who managed to keep the team in the second division and simultaneously looking for potential purchasers to the club.
Following its return to the top division in 2004, the club was bought by Yoav Katz, an Israeli businessman who resides in the United States. Hapoel Haifa played a single season (2004–5) in Israel's top league before again being relegated to the second division, where it stayed until the end of the 2008–09 season. After finishing first in the second division that year, Hapoel returned to the Israeli Premier league, and finished high enough in the standings to avoid relegation at the end of 2010. Nitzan Shirazi replaced Shlomi Dora as manager prior to the 2010–11 season.
In 2005–06 the club's youth team won the youth league's championship.
European Appearances.
Hapoel Haifa was the first Israeli team to qualify to the third qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League (2000). The team passed Beşiktaş (Turkey) in the second qualifying round after 1–1 in Turkey (Đovani Roso scored to Haifa) and 0–0 in Kiryat Eliezer in the second leg. In the third qualifying round the team lost twice 2–0 to Valencia CF (Spain), who went on till the Champions League Final that year.
After losing to Valencia Hapoel met Club Brugge from Belgium in the UEFA cup. Hapoel won that match 3–1 (two goals by Amir Turgeman and one by Nir Sevillia). In the second leg in Belgium Hapoel gained a quick advantage (Roso). Brugge managed to turn the score to 3–1; Amir Turgeman scored the 3–2 in the 75' minute and Brugge scored in stoppage time to win 4–2. Yet it was Haifa who qualified to the next level, due to advantage in away goals. It was the first time an Israeli team qualifies to the second round of the UEFA cup.
In the second round Haifa met Ajax Amsterdam from the Netherlands. In the first leg in Israel Ajax won 3–0. In the second leg Hapoel made a sensational victory of 1–0, with Đovani Roso scoring a penalty kick and missing another.
Stadium.
Hapoel originally played in Kiryat Haim, which is the main training grounds of this club. In 1955, a gift from the Italian Labour Union was a football pitch in the heart of the city of Haifa, which would become the new home of Hapoel. The opening match was a Haifa derby, lost by Hapoel 4–1 over Maccabi.
New stadium.
The municipality of Haifa offered the club land for a stadium at the southern entrance to the city. In the fall of 2008, the final plans were approved. Sammy Ofer Stadium is scheduled to be completed by August, 2014 and will hold 30,820 seats.
City Rivalry with Maccabi Haifa.
The two main clubs in Haifa, Hapoel Haifa and Maccabi Haifa, has a long history of raging rivalry that includes mutually loathing and fan conflicts, a rivalry that went on even during Hapoel Haifa's less successful years in second division. The source of this rivalry is mainly in the clubs' political identity.
Hapoel was founded as a socialist labor team, who were identified mainly with the Histadrut and the reign of Mapai, both local and national. Hapoel was identified as the team of the establishment that was supported by the authorities. Therefore, naturally, Maccabi Haifa became the deprived team, that theoretically has to fight for its existence. The differences between the clubs created the differences between the fans: Hapoel Haifa's fans were traditionally identified with the political left side of the map, most of the workers in the industries in Haifa. The Maccabi Haifa fans were identified mostly as part of the medium-low status.
In the last years the differences between the two sides faded, mainly because Maccabi's numerous achievements, which enlarged and varied their fan group. Yet there is still a slight difference between the two fan groups. Many of the fans of Hapoel are living in the Krayot. In the last years the rivalry got a more sportive shade, which appears especially before derby matches.
In Popular Culture.
Hapoel Haifa enjoys many references in popular culture. The main characters in Eran Riklis's 1999 film "Vulcan Junction" are Hapoel Haifa's supporters and one of the characters is a club's player. The club management collaborated with the production and some of the scenes shot in the club's stadium in Kiryat Haim, some of the club's prsonel even took part in the filming as extras. Hapoel Haifa suppoerter character also presented in the 2002 feature "Broken Wings", directed by the club supporter, Nir Bergman. Literatural references of the club are available in the Hebrew books: "Our Holocoast" (by Amir Gutfreund, available in English), "Go To Gaza" (by Shay Lahav), "Tashlich" (by Nir Kipnis) and the football short stories anthology "The Dutchman Of Acre".
Current squad.
"As of 12 June 2014"
Foreigners 2014–15.
Only up to five non-Israeli nationals can be in an Israeli club squad. Those with Jewish ancestry, married to an Israeli, or have played in Israel for an extended period of time, can claim a passport or permanent residency which would allow them to play with Israeli status.

</doc>
<doc id="2869554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869554" title="Derek Beaulieu">
Derek Beaulieu

Derek Alexander Beaulieu (born 1973) is a Canadian poet, publisher and anthologist.
Beaulieu studied contemporary Canadian poetics at the University of Calgary. His work has appeared internationally in small press publications, magazines, and in visual art galleries. He has lectured on small press politics, arts funding and literary community in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom and Iceland.
He works extensively around issues of community and poetics, and along those lines has edited (or co-edited) the magazines "filling Station" (1998–2001, 2004–2008), "dANDelion" (2001–2004), and "endNote" (2000–2001).
He founded housepress in 1997 from which he published small editions of poetry, prose and critical work until 2004. The housepress fonds are now located at Simon Fraser University. In 2005 he founded the small press no press.
In 2005 he co-edited "Shift & Switch: new Canadian poetry" with Angela Rawlings and Jason Christie, a controversial anthology of new poetry which has been reviewed internationally.
Beaulieu has shifted his focus in recent years to conceptual fiction, specifically visual translations/rewritings. His book "Flatland" consists of visual patterns based on the typography of Edwin Abbott Abbott's classic novel "Flatland" and his book "Local Colour" is a series of colour blocks based on the original text of Paul Auster's novella "Ghosts".
"How to Write", a collection of conceptual prose, was published by Talonbooks in 2010.
Beaulieu lives in Calgary, Alberta.
English Teacher.
In addition to writing, Beaulieu has also taught with the Calgary Board of Education, the Alberta College of Art + Design, the University of Calgary, and Mount Royal University.

</doc>
<doc id="2869570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869570" title="Chaoite">
Chaoite

Chaoite or white carbon is a mineral described as an allotrope of carbon whose existence is disputed. It was discovered in shock-fused graphite gneiss from the Ries crater in Bavaria. It has been described as slightly harder than graphite, with a reflection colour of grey to white. From its electron diffraction pattern, the mineral has been considered to have a carbyne structure, the linear acetylenic carbon allotrope of carbon. A later report has called this identification, and the very existence of carbyne phases, into question, arguing that the new reflections in the diffraction pattern are due to clay impurities.
Synthetic material.
It has been claimed that an identical form can be prepared from graphite by sublimation at 2700-3000 K or by irradiating it with a laser in high vacuum. This substance has been termed "ceraphite".
A review cautions that "in spite of these seemingly definitive reports … several other groups have tried unsuccessfully to reproduce these experiments. Independent confirmatory work is obviously needed … and at the present time white graphite appears to be the carbon analog of polywater".
Occurrence and discovery.
Chaoite was first described from Möttingen, Ries Crater, Nördlingen, Bavaria, Germany and approved by the IMA in 1969. The mineral was named for USGS petrologist Edward C. T. Chao (1919-2008). At the type locality in Bavaria chaoite occurs in graphite bearing gneiss that has undergone shock metamorphism. It has also been reported from meteorites including the Goalpara meteorite in Assam, the Dyalpur meteorite in Uttar Pradesh in India and the Popigai impact crater in the Anabarskii massif of Eastern Siberia. Minerals associated with chaoite include: graphite, zircon, rutile, pseudobrookite, magnetite, nickeliferous pyrrhotite and baddeleyite.
Further reading.
Frans J. M. Rietmeijer and Alessandra Rotundi, Chapter 16. "Natural Carbynes, Including Chaoite, on Earth, in Meteorites, Comets, Circumstellar and Interstellar Dust," in Polyynes: Synthesis, Properties, and Applications, Edited by Franco Cataldo, CRC Press 2005, Pages 339–370, Print ISBN 978-1-57444-512-1 eBook ISBN 978-1-4200-2758-7 Contents link

</doc>
<doc id="2869573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869573" title="Gorakhpur division">
Gorakhpur division

Gorakhpur division () is an administrative geographical unit of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. Gorakhpur is the administrative headquarters of the division. Currently (2005), the division consists of districts of Gorakhpur, Kushinagar, Deorria, and Maharajganj.

</doc>
<doc id="2869576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869576" title="Kathy Rudy">
Kathy Rudy

M Kathy Rudy is a professor of women's studies at Duke University. Rudy's work is often interdisciplinary as she merges philosophy, theology, politics, feminism, and medical ethics. She is open about her homosexuality, and is a radical social constructionist.
Rudy's current projects include "Sweetness and Devotion" — a personal and intellectual examination of medical alert dogs and diabetic alert dogs.
Rudy penned a controversial opinion piece that alleged that white culture hypocrisy was responsible for the prosecution of admitted animal abuser Michael Vick.

</doc>
<doc id="2869579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869579" title="333 (album)">
333 (album)

333 is an album and video album released by Green Jellÿ in 1994.
Only 200,000 copies of the album were printed and only 5000 copies of the video. The album failed to chart, and both versions are very hard to find today.
A long form video for the album was never properly released, and is extremely hard to find. Despite this, the new video album did receive a 1995 Grammy nomination for best long form video.

</doc>
<doc id="2869587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869587" title="Ceylon Communist Party (Maoist)">
Ceylon Communist Party (Maoist)

Ceylon Communist Party (Maoist) is a political party in Sri Lanka. The party surged in 1964 following a split in the Ceylon Communist Party. Initially the party just called itself 'Ceylon Communist Party' as well, and was distinguished from the main CCP by denominations like 'Ceylon Communist Party (Peking Wing)', etc. In the end of the 1960s the party was one of the major leftist parties in the country. The general secretary was N. Shanmugathasan.
Following the death of Mao Zedong and the take-over in China by Deng Xiaoping, the party strongly denounced the new line of the Chinese leadership. The party regrouped internationally amongst those who reaffirmed Maoism, and was one of the signatories of the founding declaration of the Revolutionary Internationalist Movement.
The strength of the party did however decline, and it suffered several splits. In 1991 a conference was held which reconstructed it as 'Ceylon Communist Party (Maoist)'. Shanmugathasan led the party until his death in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2869592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869592" title="River Sprint">
River Sprint

The River Sprint is a river in Cumbria, England with its source high up on the south-facing side of Harter Fell. It flows into the River Kent just to the south of Burneside.
The first two miles of the river is made up of a series of short flat sections interspersed by spectacular water falls, before it enters Longsleddale valley. When in Longsleddale, it begins to get wider as it is fed by a large number of streams (known as becks; a term derived from Old Norse).
The River Sprint is the fastest rising river in England and frequently floods in Longsleddale valley, making the road impassable. The river is spectacular at times of high flow, and is popular with canoeists and fishermen.

</doc>
<doc id="2869610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869610" title="Faizabad division">
Faizabad division

Faizabad division is an administrative geographical unit of Uttar Pradesh state in India. Faizabad is the administrative headquarters of the division. The division consists of districts of :

</doc>
<doc id="2869617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869617" title="Syntegra">
Syntegra

Syntegra is a bogie developed by Siemens incorporating an axle mounted gearless electric drive in an inside wheel bearing bogie.
The design was unveiled at Innotrans in 2006, and began service trials in 2008 on the Munich U-Bahn.
History and design.
The motor design is a hermetically sealed simple co-axial gearless synchronous motor (a permanent magnet, three phase drive, passively cooled design); the motors can also be used for electrical dynamic braking, and also as an active electric brake. The wheelset bearings are mounted on the inside of the wheels and support both motor, axles and wheel. A traction link from motor to the vehicle frame transmits tractive forces.
The bogie frame has a single central cross member which supports via pivots two longitudinal beams (in a 'weighing scale' arrangement) connected to the wheelset via the primary suspension. The cross member supports the vehicle body via the secondary suspension of two outside air springs.
In mid-2006 prototype motors rated 110 kW, with claimed 96% efficiency, were fitted to an ex-Munich U-Bahn vehicle for testing at the Wegberg-Wildenrath test circuit. In 2008 a train fitted with two Syntegra bogies began in service tests on the Munich U-Bahn.
A 150 kW prototype was displayed at Innotrans (2009), the prototype bogie weight was 5.6t, with a 1.6m wheelbase and a maximum axleload of 14t.

</doc>
<doc id="2869619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869619" title="Allahabad Bank">
Allahabad Bank

Allahabad Bank () is a nationalised bank with its headquarters in Kolkata, India. It is the oldest joint stock bank in India. On 24 April 2014, the bank entered into its 150th year of establishment. It was founded in Allahabad in 1865.
Shri T.R Chawla is the senior most Executive Director of the bank. Shri Rakesh Sethi is the newly appointed Chairman & Managing Director of the bank.
As of 31 March 2012, it had over 2,500 branches across India. The bank did a total business of INR 3.1 trillion during the FY 2012-13. The bank has a branch in Hong Kong and a representative office in Shenzen.
The bank's market capitalisation in May 2013 was US$ 1.28 billion and it ranked #1466 on the Forbes Global 2000 list.
History.
19th century.
On 24 April 1865, a group of Englishmen at Allahabad founded Allahabad Bank. By the end of 19th century it had branches at Jhansi, Kanpur, Lucknow, Bareilly, Nainital, Calcutta, and Delhi.
20th century.
In the early 20th century, with the start of Swadeshi movement, Allahabad Bank witnessed a spurt in deposits. In 1920, P & O Banking Corporation acquired Allahabad Bank with a bid price of per share. In 1923 the bank moved its head office and the registered office to Calcutta for reasons of both operational convenience and business opportunities. Then in 1927 Chartered Bank of India, Australia and China (Chartered Bank) acquired P&O Bank. However, Chartered Bank continued to operate Allahabad Bank as a separate entity.
Allahabad Bank opened a branch in Rangoon (Yangon). At some point Chartered Bank amalgamated Allahabad Bank's branch in Rangoon with its own. In 1963 the revolutionary government in Burma nationalized Central Bank of India's operations there, which became People's Bank No. 2.
On 19 July 1969, the Indian Government nationalised Allahabad Bank, together with 13 other banks.
In October 1989, Allahabad Bank acquired United Industrial Bank, a Calcutta-based bank that had been established in 1940. Two years later, Allahabad Bank established AllBank Finance Ltd, a wholly owned Merchant Banking subsidiary.
21st century.
The government's ownership of Allahabad Bank shrank in October 2002 after the bank engaged in an Initial Public Offering (IPO) of of shares, each with a face value 10. The IPO reduced the Government's shareholding to 71.16%. Then in April 2005 the bank conducted a second public offering of 100 million of shares, each with a face value 10 and selling at a premium of 72. This offering reduced the Government's ownership to 55.23%.
In June 2006 the bank opened its first office outside India when it opened a representative office in Shenzen, Mainland China.
In February 2007, Allahabad Bank opened its first overseas branch, in Hong Kong. In March, the bank's business crossed the 10 million million mark.
Listings and shareholding.
Allahabad Bank's equity shares are listed on Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange of India.
Employees.
As om 31 March 2013, the bank had 22,557 employees, out of which 3,293 were women (15%). Out of the total employees, 51% were officers, 30% were clerks and remaining 19% were subordinate staff. The bank recruited 1,950 employees (1,421 Officers, 390 Clerks and 139 subordinate staff) during the same financial year. The company incurred INR 20 billion on employee benefit expenses during the same financial year.

</doc>
<doc id="2869620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869620" title="The 48 Laws of Power">
The 48 Laws of Power

The 48 Laws of Power (1998) is the first book by American author Robert Greene. The book is a bestseller. It has sold over 1.2 million copies in the United States and is popular with prison inmates and celebrities.
Background.
Greene initially formulated some of the ideas in "The 48 Laws of Power" while working as a writer in Hollywood and observing that today's power elite shared similar traits with powerful figures throughout history. In 1995, Greene worked as a writer at Fabrica, an art and media school, and met a book packager named Joost Elffers. Greene pitched a book about power to Elffers and six months later, Elffers requested that Greene write a treatment.
Although Greene was unhappy in his current job, he was comfortable and saw the time needed to write a proper book proposal as too risky. However, at the time Greene was rereading his favorite biography about Julius Caesar and took inspiration from Caesar's decision to cross the Rubicon River and fight Pompey, thus inciting the Great Roman Civil War. Greene would follow Caesar's example and write the treatment, which later became "The 48 Laws of Power". He would note this as the turning point of his life.
Criticism.
Professor Jeffrey Pfeffer said that Greene's so-called laws are based on isolated examples, and not on solid research. Kirkus Reviews said Greene offers no evidence to support his world view, Greene's laws contradict each other, and the book is "simply nonsense". Newsweek also points out ways the laws contradict each other and says "Intending the opposite, Greene has actually produced one of the best arguments since the New Testament for humility and obscurity." Director magazine notes "some of Greene's 'laws' seem contradictory" and the work is "plodding and didactic".
Reception.
"The 48 Laws of Power" has sold over 1.2 million copies in the United States and has been translated into 24 languages. "Fast Company" called the book a "mega cult classic," and "The Los Angeles Times" noted that "The 48 Laws of Power" turned Greene into a "cult hero with the hip-hop set, Hollywood elite and prison inmates alike." The book has been promoted in publications like CNN, Forbes, "The Los Angeles Times", Entrepreneur magazine, "The New York Times", "The New Yorker", "Newsweek", USA Today, The Guardian, "Business Insider", "Fast Company", ESPN, and Men’s Health.
"The 48 Laws of Power" is one of the most requested books in American prison libraries, and is studied as a first year text in two US colleges. Former drug dealer Curtis Jackson (now best known as rapper 50 Cent) stated that he related to the book "immediately," and approached Greene with the prospect of a potential collaboration, which would later become "The 50th Law", another "New York Times" bestseller. Busta Rhymes used "The 48 Laws of Power" to deal with problematic movie producers. DJ Premier has a tattoo inspired from Law #5, "Reputation is the cornerstone of power", on his arm and DJ Calvin Harris has an "Enter with boldness" arm tattoo based on Law #28. "The 48 Laws of Power" has also been mentioned in songs by UGK, Jay Z, Kanye West, and Drake.

</doc>
<doc id="2869621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869621" title="Transport New South Wales">
Transport New South Wales

Transport New South Wales (formally known as the New South Wales Ministry of Transport) was the New South Wales state government agency responsible for coordinating public transport across New South Wales. It had its headquarters in Chippendale, City of Sydney.
The Ministry's responsibilities included bus and ferry policy, contracting and regulation, rail policy, fares and concessions, and taxi and hire car policy and regulation. It also coordinated funding arrangements for transport operators, including hundreds of local and community transport operators. A major program was the delivery of the State's free school transport scheme.
The Director General of Transport, Les Wielinga, reports to the State Minister for Transport, currently Gladys Berejiklian.
From the 1st November 2011, Transport for NSW was formed to lead the NSW Transport portfolio.

</doc>
<doc id="2869622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869622" title="William C. Friday">
William C. Friday

William Clyde "Bill" Friday (July 13, 1920 – October 12, 2012) was an American educator who served as the head of the University of North Carolina system from 1956 to 1986. He was born in Raphine, Virginia and raised in Dallas, North Carolina.
Friday graduated from Dallas High School in Dallas, North Carolina, where he played baseball and basketball. He held a bachelor's degree in textile manufacturing from North Carolina State University and a law degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. While attending NCSU, Friday was elected president of the senior class of 1941. He was a member of Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity. Friday served in the United States Navy Reserve during World War II.
His entire professional life was spent in higher education. Friday was assistant dean of students at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1948 to 1951, assistant to the President of the Consolidated University of North Carolina Gordon Gray from 1951 to 1955, then Secretary of the University of North Carolina system, and acting president from 1956 to 1957, when he was chosen to take the position permanently.
Friday was the founding co-chairman of the Knight Foundation Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics.
After retirement, Friday remained an influential voice in North Carolina and hosted a public television talk show, "North Carolina People", which he began while still president of the University system. In 2012, the show began its 42nd season. When Friday endorsed Erskine Bowles as the new president of the University in 2006, it was seen as helping "seal the deal" for Bowles to get the post.
Several educational institutions, or units of larger institutions, are named in Friday's honor. William C. Friday Middle School is located in Dallas, in Gaston County, Friday's home county. The William and Ida Friday Institute for Educational Innovation is located on the campus of North Carolina State University at Raleigh. The William and Ida Friday Center for Continuing Education is located on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He died in his sleep on October 12, 2012, UNC's University Day, aged 92.

</doc>
<doc id="2869624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869624" title="Ringleader of the Tormentors">
Ringleader of the Tormentors

Ringleader of the Tormentors is Morrissey's eighth solo album, which debuted at number one in the UK album charts and number 27 in the US. It also hit no. 1 in Sweden, Malta and Greece. "Billboard" described the album as showcasing "a thicker, more rock-driven sound"; Morrissey attributes this change in sound to new guitarist Jesse Tobias. The album was released on 3 April 2006 in most of the world and on 4 April 2006 in North America on the Attack Records label.
Production.
Recording for the album commenced in late August 2005 in Rome. Mixing began in late October 2005. Originally Morrissey was to record the album with producer Jeff Saltzman, however he could not undertake the project. Early in recording Morrissey's publicist described it as "the most full-on rock record Morrissey's ever done. It's a balls-to-the-wall rock record, not a slow one like the last one." Yet in typical Morrissey style this seems to have been a myth. 
Producer Tony Visconti, of T. Rex and David Bowie fame, took over the production role and Morrissey announced that "Ringleader of the Tormentors" is to be "the most beautiful—perhaps the most gentle, so far." Visconti wrote on his website on 1 November 2005: 
The musicians recording with Morrissey in Rome were: Alain Whyte, Boz Boorer, Jesse Tobias, Gary Day, Michael Farrell, and Matt Chamberlain. Chamberlain replaced Dean Butterworth, who decided to continue drumming for the band Good Charlotte. Marco Origel, from the San Francisco area, engineered the album.
Release and reception.
The album's opening track, "I Will See You in Far-off Places", was leaked on the Internet on 2 February 2006. The music combines mystic chanting, horns, buzzsaw guitars, a pounding bass line and relentless drumming with vocal gymnastics reminiscent of several tracks from "You Are the Quarry" such as "Come Back to Camden" and "You Know I Couldn't Last".
The album's first single, "You Have Killed Me", was first broadcast on the radio station BBC 6 Music on 4 February 2006. The song's lyrics reference Rome and Romans several times, with lines such as "Piazza Cavour, what's my life for," and mention of Italian film directors Pier Paolo Pasolini, who was born in Bologna but lived in and wrote about Rome, and Luchino Visconti, and actress Anna Magnani who starred in movies of both directors. "You Have Killed Me" was released on 27 March 2006 and reached number three in the UK Singles Chart.
The entire "Ringleader of the Tormentors" album was leaked on the Morrissey fansite, Morrissey-solo, on 5 March 2006.
"In the Future When All's Well" has received some airplay in the United States on alternative rock radio. The album has also been in continuous rotation on Left of Center, Sirius Satellite Radio's college and indie rock channel.
"Ringleader of the Tormentors" became Morrissey's third number one album on the UK Albums Chart, selling 62,000 copies in its first week of release in the UK. It was also the first British album chart to include download sales, 1,200 of which were full album downloads of "Ringleader of the Tormentors". The album peaked in its debut week at number 27 on the "Billboard 200" in the U.S., and according to Neilsen Soundscan, has sold 98,000 in the U.S. as of August 2008.
Musicians.
String arrangement.
"Children's choir on "The Youngest Was the Most Loved", "The Father Who Must Be Killed" and "At Last I Am Born""

</doc>
<doc id="2869635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869635" title="Unfinished Monument Press">
Unfinished Monument Press

Unfinished Monument Press was founded in Toronto, Canada, in 1978 by Chris Faiers. It is operates from Hamilton, Ontario, under the editorship of James Deahl.
Books it has published include:

</doc>
<doc id="2869636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869636" title="Olympe Audouard">
Olympe Audouard

Olympe Audouard (March 13, 1832 – January 12, 1890) was a French feminist who demanded complete equality for women, including the rights to vote and to stand for election.
Born in Marseille as Félicité-Olympe de Jouval, she married on April 11, 1850 the lawyer Henri-Alexis Audouard (b. May 2, 1829). The couple separated in 1858, but was divorced only in 1885, shortly after the French divorce law (the "loi Naquet") had finally been passed on July 27, 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="2869640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869640" title="Ichiwa-kai">
Ichiwa-kai

The Ichiwa-kai (一和会) was a yakuza gang based in Osaka, Japan.
It was formed on June 13, 1984 when Hiroshi Yamamoto, a top lieutenant in the Yamaguchi-gumi, broke from that gang to form his own organization with over 10,000 members. The split stemmed from professional jealousy: Yamamoto had been seen as a contender for the role of "kumicho", or Godfather, in the Yamaguchi-gumi, and was enraged when a rival, Masahisa Takenaka, was chosen. 
In 1985, the Ichiwa-kai faction sent a team of hitmen to assassinate Takenaka at his mistress's home in Suita, Osaka. The killing of the Yamaguchi Godfather sparked a Kansai-wide yakuza war between the two groups in which over 20 gangsters were killed. The Yamaguchi-gumi eventually won what became known as the Yama-Ichi War, but it proved to be a Pyrrhic victory as many of its members were arrested in the process.
Most of the Ichiwa-kai defectors were eventually allowed to return to the Yamaguchi-gumi.
Yamamoto retired, and the Ichiwa-kai dissolved in March, 1989. 

</doc>
<doc id="2869644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869644" title="Transport and logistics centre">
Transport and logistics centre

The Transport and Logistics Centre (TALC) is a national policy and practice research centre based in Sydney, Australia. Its prime objective is the building of capability in the transport and logistics sector in Australia.
The Transport and Logistics Centre was established in 2000. It acts as a "think tank" for new ideas in capability building in T&L. It also provides advice to the T&L industry in matters of workforce planning and skills development - especially mentoring, innovation and knowledge sharing.From 2007 TALC became a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee with the same mandate as before, but with a greater capacity to undertake flexible programmes and projects.
TALC is currently working with companies and unions and in T&L industry, and with the Commonwealth Department of Infrastructure and Transport, Infrastructure Australia, several industry Associations including the State based Freight Councils, AFIF, LAA, CILTA, SCLAA, ARTIO, VTA, APICS and AITPM; and with State agencies including NSW RTA. TALC supports the Research Forum at the national SMART Conference. It also has a close working relationship in terms of research and field work with the Australian School of Business at the University of NSW, and the Workforce Futures Centre at Macquarie University.
Programmes.
It has a range of programmes underway; the main ones are:

</doc>
<doc id="2869648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869648" title="Aphrahat">
Aphrahat

Aphrahat (c. 270–c. 345; — , , Greek , and Latin Aphraates) was a Syriac author of the 3rd century from the Adiabene region of Northern Mesopotamia, which was within the Persian Empire, who composed a series of twenty-three expositions or homilies on points of Christian doctrine and practice. He was born in Persia around 270, but all his known works, the "Demonstrations", come from later on in his life. He was an ascetic and celibate, and was almost definitely a son of the covenant (an early Syriac form of communal monasticism). He may have been a bishop, and later Syriac tradition places him at the head of Mar Matti monastery near Mosul, in what is now northern Iraq. He was a near contemporary to the slightly younger Ephrem the Syrian, but the latter lived within the sphere of the Roman Empire. Called the "Persian Sage" (, ), Aphrahat witnesses to the concerns of the early church beyond the eastern boundaries of the Roman Empire.
Life, history and identity.
His name, "Aphrahat", is the Syriac version of the Persian name "Frahāt", which is the modern Persian "Farhād" (فرهاد). The author, who was earliest known as "hakkima pharsaya" ("the Persian sage"), was a subject of Sapor II and may have come from a pagan family and been himself a convert from heathenism, though this appears to be later speculation. However, he tells us that he took the Christian name "Jacob" at his baptism, and is so entitled in the colophon to a manuscript of 512 which contains twelve of his homilies. Hence he was already confused with Jacob, bishop of Nisibis, by the time of Gennadius of Marseilles (before 496), and the ancient Armenian version of nineteen of The Demonstrations has been published under this latter name. Thorough study of the "Demonstrations" makes identification with Jacob of Nisibis impossible. Aphrahat, being a Persian subject, cannot have lived at Nisibis, which became Persian only by Jovian's treaty of 363. Furthermore, Jacob of Nisibis, who attended the First Council of Nicaea, died in 338, and from the internal evidence of Aphrahat's works he must have witnessed the beginning of the persecution of Christians in the early 340s by Shapur II of Persia. The persecutions arose out of political tensions between Rome and Persia, particularly the declaration of Constantine I that Rome should be a Christian empire. Shapur perhaps grew anxious that the Christians within Persia might secretly support Rome. There are elements in Aphrahat's writing that show great pastoral concern for his harried flock, caught in the midst of all this turmoil.
It is learnt that his name was Aphrahat (or Pharhadh) from comparatively late writers, such as Bar Bahlul (10th century), Elias of Nisibis (11th), Bar-Hebraeus and 'Abhd-isho'. George, bishop of the Arabs, writing in 714 to a friend who had sent him a series of questions about the "Persian sage", confesses ignorance of his name, home and rank, but gathers from his works that he was a monk, and of high esteem in the clergy. The fact that in 344 he was selected to draw up a circular letter from a council of bishops and other clergy to the churches of Ctesiphon and Seleucia on the Tigris and elsewhere (later to become Demonstration 14) is held by Dr Wright and others to prove that he was a bishop. According to a marginal note in a 14th-century manuscript (B.M. Orient. 1017), he was "bishop of Mar Mattai," a famous monastery near Mosul, but it is unlikely that this institution existed so early.
About "The Demonstrations".
Aphrahat's works are collectively called the "Demonstrations", from the identical first word in each of their titles (, ). They are sometimes also known as "the homilies". There are twenty-three "Demonstrations" in all. Each work deals with a different item of faith or practice, and is a pastoral homily or exposition. The "Demonstrations" are works of prose, but frequently, Aphrahat employs a poetic rhythm and imagery to his writing. Each of the first twenty-two "Demonstrations" begins with each successive letter of the Syriac alphabet (of which there are twenty-two). The "Demonstrations" were not composed all in one go, but in three distinct periods. The first ten, composed in 337, concern themselves with Christian life and church order, and predate the persecutions. "Demonstrations" 11–22 were composed at the height of the persecution, in 344. Some of this group deal with matters as before, others focus on apocalyptic themes. However, four "Demonstrations" are concerned with Judaism. It appears that there was a movement within the Persian church by some either to become Jews or return to Judaism, or to incorporate Jewish elements into Christianity. Aphrahat makes his stand by explaining the meaning of the symbols of circumcision, Passover and Shabbat. The twenty-third "Demonstration" falls outside of the alphabetic system of the early works, and appears to be slightly later, perhaps near the end of Aphrahat's life. The twenty-third piece takes the symbolism of the grape, drawn from Isaiah chapter 65 and elsewhere, as its cue. It deals with the fulfilment of Messianic promise from Adam to Christ. Aphrahat never strays too far from the Bible in the "Demonstrations": he is not given to philosophizing. All of his gospel quotations seem to be drawn from the "Diatessaron", the gospel harmony that served the church at his time. Aphrahat's mode of biblical interpretation is strikingly similar to that of the Babylonian rabbinic academies of his day. His position within the church is indicated in "Demonstration" 14, in which Aphrahat appears to be writing a letter on behalf of his synod to the clergy of the Persian capital, Ctesiphon-Seleucia on the Tigris.
In "Demonstrations 5", Aphrahat, dealt with eschatology. Concerning the beasts of Daniel 7, he identified the first beast as Babylon; the second, Media and Persia; the third, Alexander's Macedonian empire. The four heads of the leopard were the four successors of Alexander. The fourth beast appeared to include both the Macedonian successors of Alexander and the Roman emperors. Its horns he applied to the Seleucid kings down to Antiochus, whom he identified as the Little Horn. He reduced the "time, times, and half a time" to "one and one-half times", in order to fit the ten and a half years of Antiochus' persecution of the Jews. Aphrahat also mentioned the Persian ram and the Grecian he-goat of Daniel 8.
In "Demonstrations 8", Aphrahat stated that the Kingdom of Christ would not be established until the Second Advent at which time there would occur a literal resurrection of the righteous dead.
Translations.
The "Demonstrations" were originally composed in Syriac, but were quickly translated into other languages. The Armenian version, published by Antonelli in 1756 and containing only 19 homilies, circulated mistakenly under the name "Jacob of Nisibis". Important versions in Georgian and Ge'ez exist. A few of the "Demonstrations" were translated into Arabic, but wrongly attributed to Ephrem the Syrian.

</doc>
<doc id="2869666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869666" title="Barney McCosky">
Barney McCosky

William Barney McCosky (April 11, 1917 – September 6, 1996) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. From 1939 through 1953, he played for the Detroit Tigers (1939–42, 1946), Philadelphia Athletics (1946–1948, 1950–1951), Cincinnati Reds (1951) and Cleveland Indians (1951–1953). McCosky batted left-handed and threw right-handed. McCosky played in 1170 games, 535 in center field and 477 in left field. He had a career batting average of .312.
Early years.
McCosky was born in Coal Run, Pennsylvania, the last of nine children. His mother died when he was one year old, and McCosky moved to Detroit at age 4 with his older brother Tony McCosky. McCosky grew up in Detroit in the midst of the Great Depression. He later recalled: "Nobody had any money. We took mustard sandwiches and ketchup sandwiches to school." (Richard Bak, ""Cobb Would Have Caught It: The Golden Age of Baseball in Detroit"" (Wayne State 1991), p. 285.) McCosky attended Southwestern High School in Detroit, Michigan, where he was All-City and captain in both baseball and basketball. McCosky had a .727 batting average his senior year—a Detroit public school record. [http://books.google.com/books?id=0AEmKVlDh6MC&pg=PA284&lpg=PA284&dq=barney+mccosky&source=web&ots=4r0LPib1E1&sig=E5NUp-MlDh-yClayeOUUGdHHp2c#PPA286,M1
In 1936, McCosky was signed out of high school by scout Wish Egan. In 1936, he hit .400 for Charleston, West Virginia and led the Mid-Atlantic League his first year in professional baseball. He played next for Beaumont, Texas, and in 1939 the Tigers invited him to spring training in Lakeland, Florida. A photograph of McCosky as a rookie in spring training can be seen on the Lakeland Public Library web site.[http://www.lakelandgov.net/library/speccoll/exhibits/tigers_pics2g.html] McCosky made the team and was the Tigers' starting center fielder on Opening Day in Detroit.
Major League Playing career.
In an 11-season career, McCosky was a .312 hitter with 24 home runs and 397 RBI in 1170 games played. McCosky was a good contact hitter who hit over .300 in six of his first seven seasons. A fine outfielder with a strong throwing arm, he collected a .984 fielding average with only 41 errors in 2579 chances.
In 1939, McCosky's rookie season, he was an immediate success both at bat and in the field. He hit for a .311 batting average—trailing only Hank Greenberg and his boyhood hero, Charlie Gehringer, among the Tigers starters. With great range and speed in the outfield, he also led all American outfielders with 428 putouts. His 1939 Range factor of 3.00 was a career-high and 0.65 points above the league average. He was also near the top of the American League leaderboard in 1939 with 120 runs scored (4th in the AL), 190 hits (4th in the AL), 20 stolen bases (4th in the AL), 262 times on base (5th in the AL), 33 doubles (6th in the AL) and 14 triples (2nd in the AL). He placed No. 27 in the American League Most Valuable Player voting.
His most productive season came for the Detroit Tigers American League champions, when he was among the AL league leaders with a .340 batting average (6th in the AL), 200 hits (tied for 1st in the AL), 19 triples (1st in the AL), 123 runs (3rd in the AL), 264 times on base (4th in the AL), and 39 doubles (7th in the AL). In the World Series, he hit .304 (7-for-23) with five runs as Detroit lost to the Cincinnati Reds in seven games. McCosky finished No. 16 in the MVP voting for 1940. Since 1940, the only Tiger to exceed McCosky's 19 triples is Curtis Granderson in 2007.
McCosky had another solid season in 1941, as he hit .324 and finished No. 15 in the American League MVP voting.
McCosky lost three years in the prime of his career (at ages 26–28) to military service during World War II, as he entered the U.S. Navy in December 1942 and was discharged in October 1945.
McCosky returned to Detroit in 1946. After a disappointing .198 start in 25 games, he was traded to the Philadelphia Athletics in mid-May for George Kell. In his autobiography, Kell recalled being shocked that the Tigers would trade a "legitimate star" and "hometown boy" like McCosky for an "unknown third baseman." At the time of the trade, McCosky told Kell: "You'll be better off here in Detroit. You're going to love it here. I hate to leave because this is home. I've had good years here." (George Kell, ""Hello Everybody, I'm George Kell"" (Sports Publishing 1998), pp. 42–43.) 
Playing for manager Connie Mack, McCosky broke out of his early season slump and hit .354 for the A's. And in 1947, McCosky batted .328 (2nd best in the AL) for the Athletics and finished a career-best No. 11 in the AL MVP voting. In 1948, he hit .326 (5th best in the AL), had a .405 on-base percentage (6th in the AL), and scored 95 runs.
McCosky missed the entire 1949 season after a back injury, and was never the same batter afterward. He returned to the Athletics in 1950, but his average dropped 86 points from .326 in 1948 to .240 in 1950.
On April 26, 1951, McCosky broke up a no-hitter bid of Washington Senators Connie Marrero with a home run. One week later, McCosky was sold to the Cincinnati Reds. He was then released and picked up off waivers by the Cleveland Indians. He managed only 37 hits in 1951 for a .268 average. McCosky finished his career playing with the Indians, as his batting average dropped further to .213 in 1952 and .190 in 1953.
Six times he was considered in the American League MVP vote (1939–42, 1947–48). In 1995, he was inducted into the National Polish-American Hall of Fame.
Life after baseball.
After his baseball career ended, McCosky operated a party store on Joy Road between Greenfield and Southfield and also worked as a car salesman. (Richard Bak, ""Cobb Would Have Caught It: The Golden Age of Baseball in Detroit"" (Wayne State 1991), p. 284.) McCosky died in 1996 at age 79 in Venice, Florida.
In 1957, a baseball little league was named after McCosky on the west side of Detroit. The league, founded by John Hubacher with the slogan "BETTER BOYS THROUGH BETTER BASEBALL", expressed the sincere feelings of all the original members of the organization. The league was a member of the National Baseball Congress for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="2869667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869667" title="Johan Turi">
Johan Turi

Johan Turi, born Johannes Olsen Thuri also spelt Johan Tuuri or Johan Thuri or Johan Thuuri (March 12, 1854, Kautokeino, Norway – November 30, 1936 Jukkasjärvi, Sweden) was the first Sami author to publish a secular work in a Sami language. His first book was called "Muitalus sámiid birra" ("An Account of the Sami") and tells about the life of people herding reindeer in the Jukkasjärvi region of northern Sweden at the beginning of the 20th century. An eclectic and nuanced text, "Muitalus" includes details on Sami traditions of child rearing, hunting, healing, yoik, and folklore. At its heart the text aims to draw outsiders' attention to the intrinsic value of Sami culture.
In 1904, Turi met the art student Emilie Demant Hatt on a train in northern Scandinavia. Through an interpreter, he told her he wanted to write a book about Lapps, while she told him she wanted to be a nomad. Three years later, having learned the Sami language, Demant-Hatt returned to northern Scandinavia and lived with Turi's family. In 1908, Turi and Demant-Hatt lived in a mountain cabin where she assisted him with his manuscript. 
The book has been translated into some ten languages, including Swedish, Danish, Finnish, English, Norwegian, German, French, Italian and Japanese.
In 2011, Nordic Studies Press published an English edition of Turi's "An Account of the Sami," translated by folklorist and Sami scholar Thomas A. DuBois 

</doc>
<doc id="2869668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869668" title="Brother Elephants">
Brother Elephants

The Brother Elephants (中信兄弟象) are a professional baseball team in Taiwan. It was originally established as an amateur team in 1984 by the Brother Hotel located in Taipei City, and later joined the Chinese Professional Baseball League (CPBL) in 1989. Brother Hotel's chairman Hung Teng-sheng (洪騰勝) also acted as CPBL's secretary-general from 1987 to 1991, and is respected as "father of the CPBL". The Elephants are currently owned by Hua Yi, a subdivision of CTBC Holding.
The Brother Elephants team has worn yellow uniforms throughout its history, and makes New Taipei its home city, with a training field in Longtan Township, Taoyuan County.
History.
On March 17, 1990 the Brother Elephants played the first historical CPBL game against the Uni-President Lions in the now demolished Taipei Municipal Baseball Stadium with a full house of 14,350 in attendance. Interestingly, the two teams are also the only two remaining original teams of the CPBL.
With its long history from the amateur era plus a successful marketing strategy and management, the Brother Elephants has long been the most popular Taiwanese baseball team, also winning six, CPBL championships, more than any other team. Its current roster includes local batting star Peng Cheng-min, who also participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. Cola Yeh, a former Brother Elephant's player, later moved to New Zealand and started his own baseball club, the Cola Yeh Baseball team. He coached the New Zealand Little League Baseball team.
Despite having the best season-long record for the 2004 season, the Elephants were unable to participate in the Taiwan Series because they had won neither half season. This resulted in the expansion of the playoffs to three teams beginning in 2005, where the team with the best season-long record among non-champions for the season would gain a wildcard berth, thus preventing a similar occurrence in the future.
In mid-season of 2008, GM Hung Je-he revealed the possibility of sale or disbanding of the organization if the financial deficit continues after the 2009 season.
The 2009 season saw great promise. Brother Elephants were triumphant in winning the second half of the season. Unfortunately, the team was affected deeply by the game fixing scandal which resulted in expulsion of many team players and the coach.
The 2010 season saw Brother Elephants coming third in the first half of the season.
In October 2013, the team's president announced attempts to sell the team. The announcement drew interest from seven potential bidders. The team was sold to Hua Yi, a subdivision of CTBC Holding, by December 2013 for a price of NT$400 million.

</doc>
<doc id="2869670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869670" title="Kanpur division">
Kanpur division

Kanpur division is an administrative geographical unit of Uttar Pradesh state of India. Kanpur is the administrative headquarters of the division. Currently (2005), the division consists of districts of:
Etawah was earlier part of Agra Division of British India.
History of administrative districts in Kanpur Division.
Kanpur division was earlier part of the Allahabad division. In the year, 2000, the Mayawati government did a major reshuffle of the Allahabad division, and a separate Kanpur division was created. 
The Kanpur district itself was bifurcated into Kanpur Dehat and Kanpur Nagar. Kanpur Dehat was renamed as Ramabai Nagar, after the name of Ramabai (1896-1935), the wife of Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar. It is famous that the secret of success in life of B.R. Ambedkar was his wife Ramabai. In 2012 the name was changed back to Kanpur Dehat.

</doc>
<doc id="2869678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869678" title="Masahisa Takenaka">
Masahisa Takenaka

He took the role of kumicho (supreme Godfather) in 1984, but was assassinated at a girlfriend's home in Osaka early the next year by a rival faction, the Ichiwa-kai. The killing sparked a massive yakuza war, the Yama-Ichi War, in which more than 20 people died.

</doc>
<doc id="2869682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869682" title="Nicholas de la Fontaine">
Nicholas de la Fontaine

Nicholas de la Fontaine was a Protestant refugee in Geneva and entered the service of John Calvin, by whom he was employed a secretary. De la Fontaine brought Michael Servetus to trial on August 14, 1553 on the charges of heresy against Calvinism, as Calvin himself at this point was too incapacitated with various health problems to personally appear at the trial.
The Complaint of Nicholas de la Fontaine Against Servetus.
In 1553, de la Fontaine published a list of "complaints" against Servetus regarding his supposedly heretical activities. There were originally forty articles in this text, but before the trial, this number was reduced to thirty-eight. Notable excerpts from the list include:
VIII: To wit, whether he has not written and falsely taught and published that to believe in a single essence of God there are three distinct persons, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, is to create four phantoms, which cannot and ought not to be imagined.
XXXII: Item, that little children are sinless, and moreover are incapable of redemption until they come of age.
XXXIV: Item, that the baptism of little children is an invention of the Devil, an infernal falsehood tending to the destruction of all Christianity.
XXXIX: Item, that in the person of M. Calvin, minister of the word of God in the Church of Geneva, he has defamed with printed book the doctrine which he preached, uttering all the injurious and blasphemous things which it is possible to invent.

</doc>
<doc id="2869685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869685" title="Ma'abarot">
Ma'abarot

The Ma'abarot () were refugee absorption camps in Israel in the 1950s. The Ma'abarot were meant to provide accommodation for the large influx of Jewish refugees and new "Olim" (Jewish immigrants) arriving to the newly independent State of Israel, replacing the less habitable immigrant camps or tent cities. The ma'abarot began to decline by mid-1950s and were largely transformed into Development Towns. The last Ma'abara was closed in 1963.
Term origin.
The Hebrew word "Ma'abara" (singular) derives from the word "ma'avar" (, transit). Ma'abarot (plural) were meant to be temporary communities for the new arrivals. Immigrants housed in these communities were Jewish refugees mainly from Middle East and North Africa, as well as Holocaust survivors from Europe.
History.
Immigrant camps.
The sudden arrival of over 130,000 Iraqi Jews in Israel in the early 1950s meant that almost a third of immigrant camp dwellers were of Iraqi Jewish origin. At the end of 1949 there had been 90,000 Jews housed in immigration camps; by the end of 1951 this population rose to over 220,000 people, in about 125 separate communities.
Conversion of tent camps into transition camps.
More habitable housing had been provided to replace the tents of the immigrant camps, and the camps were renamed into "transition camps", or "ma'abarot". Most of ma'abarot residents were housed in temporary tin dwellings. Over 80% of the residents were Jewish refugees from across Arab and Muslim countries in Middle East and North Africa.
Dissolution of the camps.
Over time, the Ma'abarot metamorphosed into Israeli towns, or were absorbed as neighbourhoods of the towns they were attached to, and residents were provided with permanent housing. The number of people housed in Ma'abarot began to decline since 1952, and the last Ma'abarot were closed sometime around 1963. Most of the camps transformed into Development Towns - "Ayarat Pitu'ach". Ma'abarot which became towns include Kiryat Shmona, Sderot, Beit She'an, Yokneam, Or Yehuda and Migdal HaEmek.
Conditions.
Most of ma'abarot residents were housed in temporary tin dwellings. Conditions in the Ma'abarot were very harsh, with many people sharing sanitation facilities. In one community it was reported that there were 350 people to each shower and in another 56 to each toilet.
Unlike the situation in immigrant camps, where the Jewish Agency provided for the immigrants, the residents of the transition camps were required to provide for themselves.
Films about Ma'abarot camps.
Israeli satirist, Ephraim Kishon produced a satirical film about the Ma'abarot called Sallah Shabbati. The film was nominated for an academy award and is regarded as an Israeli classic.

</doc>
<doc id="2869688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869688" title="Shepton, Plano, Texas">
Shepton, Plano, Texas

Shepton is an area within Plano, Texas, United States that was formerly a distinct community.
Shepton was founded about 1890, when Joseph W. Shepard opened a general store ten miles southwest of McKinney, with the town deriving its name from Shepard's. From 1894 to 1903, Shepton had a post office, but most residents migrated over the years to nearby Plano, also in southwestern Collin County, with the growing Plano absorbing the area of the former community by the 1980s.
Shepton High School is named after the town of Shepton.

</doc>
<doc id="2869690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869690" title="Bernadette Cozart">
Bernadette Cozart

Bernadette Cozart (May 17, 1949 - July 27, 2009) was an African American professional gardener, botanist and urban gardening advocate. She worked for a time with the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation. Cozart founded the Greening of Harlem Coalition in 1989 to help residents regenerate and take responsibility for their own neighborhoods, transform rundown vacant lots in Harlem into flower gardens and to restore existing green spaces.
In 1989, Bernadette Cozart founded the Greening of Harlem Coalition. Cozart worked to establish flower and vegetable gardens throughout Harlem and other neighborhoods in New York City. 
Much of Cozart's focus was on the establishment of gardens at New York City schools. The gardens were constructed at several public schools. Among the examples of gardens designed by Cozart and the Greening of Harlem Coalition was a playground with garden boxes at P.S. 197 and a Japanese style garden with a pagoda at P.S. 134.
Cozart explained her advocacy for school gardens in a 1993 "New York Times" piece on The Greening of Harlem Coalition, ""Instead of taking children on field trips to see farms and gardens, why not bring nature into the community? I don't think it's fair that they should have to go outside the community to have that experience of seeing things grow.""
Cozart moved from Harlem to Allentown, Pennsylvania in 2002, where she became president of the Allentown Garden Club. Under her guidance, the club launched the Allentown Beautification Program in 2006, which aimed to beautify street intersections in Allentown using native plants and flowers. The program was based om the Greening of Harlem Coalition, which Cozart had founded in 1989. Cozart and the Allentown Garden Club, with the support of Allentown mayor Ed Pawlowski, relied on donations from local businesses and community organizations to cover the funding of the Allentown Beautification Program.
Cozart suffered a heart attack while taking a water aerobics class at Cedar Beach in Allentown. She was rushed to St. Luke's Hospital-Allentown, but died on the way to the hospital. Cozart was pronounced dead at the hospital on July 27, 2009, at 11:27 a.m. She was 62 years old.
Allentown Mayor Pawlowski spoke of Cozart, noting that her death was a loss for the city and larger community, ""She helped in greening Allentown and making it a better place to live ... he is going to be sorely missed. I, for one, am going to miss her. We are a little bit less in the city today because of her loss."" 

</doc>
<doc id="2869699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869699" title="DEXRON">
DEXRON

Dexron is the trade name for a group of technical specifications of automatic transmission fluid created by General Motors (GM). The name is a registered trademark of GM, which licenses the name and specifications to companies which manufacture the fluid and sell it under their own brand names.
Originally the Dexron name was associated exclusively with automatic transmission fluids, but more recently GM has released Dexron-branded gear oils.
The brand name is commonly mispronounced as "Dex-tron".
Automatic transmission fluids.
The original Dexron transmission fluid was introduced in 1968. Over the years, the original Dexron was supplanted by Dexron-II, Dexron-IIE, Dexron-III, and Dexron-VI, which is the current fluid. GM has upgraded the Dexron specifications over the years; newer fluids are generally but not always backward compatible with previous fluids. Because there are still applications for which Dexron-VI is either not suitable or not necessary, there remains a market for fluids meeting earlier specifications.
Dexron.
The original Dexron fluid, like its predecessor Type-A/Suffix-A, used sperm whale oil as a friction modifier. The U.S. Endangered Species Act banned the import of sperm whale oil, so the fluid had to be reformulated.
Dexron-II, IID and IIE.
Dexron-II was introduced in 1972 with alternative friction modifiers such as Jojoba oil. However, it caused problems with corrosion-prone solder in GM's transmission fluid coolers; accordingly, corrosion inhibitors were added to the product. The resultant fluid, released in 1975, was called Dexron-IID. However, the corrosion inhibitor made the new fluid hygroscopic, which while it was not a major problem in automatic transmissions, made Dexron IID unsuitable for other hydraulic systems in which it was commonly used. A further reformulation to address excessive hygroscopicity was named Dexron-IIE.
Dexron-III.
In 1993, GM released new Dexron-III fluid. It is generally backward-compatible with transmissions using earlier Dexron fluids or Type-A/Suffix-A fluid.
Dexron-VI.
The fluid specification for Dexron-VI was introduced in 2005, and was first used as the GM factory-fill automatic transmission fluid for model year 2006. All Dexron-III licenses expired permanently at the end of 2006, and GM now supports only Dexron-VI fluids for use in their automatic transmissions, although fluids asserted by their manufacturers to meet Dexron-III standards continue to be sold under names such as Dex/Merc. These fluids are not regulated or endorsed by GM.
Dexron VI is of a slightly lower viscosity when new compared to the prior Dexron fluids (a maximum of 6.4 cSt at 100°C for Dexron VI and 7.5 cSt for Dexron III), but the allowed viscosity loss from shearing of the ATF during use is lower for Dexron VI, resulting in the same lowest allowed final viscosity for both Dexron III and VI (5.5 cSt). The lower viscosity is intended to gain improvements in fuel economy by lessening parasitic drag in the transmission. Since Dexron VI is not allowed to thin out (lower its viscosity) as much as Dexron III during use, it requires the use of higher-quality, more shear-stable (less prone to thin ess in use) base oils.

</doc>
<doc id="2869705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869705" title="May Morning">
May Morning

May Morning is an annual event in Oxford, England, on May Day (1 May). It starts early at 6am with the Magdalen College Choir singing a hymn, the Hymnus Eucharisticus, from the top of Magdalen Tower, a tradition of over 500 years. Large crowds normally gather under the tower along the High Street and on Magdalen Bridge. This is then followed by general revelry and festivities including Morris dancing, impromptu music, etc., for a couple of hours. There is a party atmosphere, despite the early hour. In fact, there are normally all-night balls the night before, so some people (especially students) are in formal attire (e.g., black tie/white tie or ball gown).
There is a recent tradition of students jumping from Magdalen Bridge. This seems to have started in the early 1980s. The months that precede May can be relatively dry, and lead to a rather shallow river. This has resulted in some instances of serious injury (including a person left paralysed), most notably those of 2005. The exceptionally low water resulted in around half the hundred or so jumpers requiring medical treatment. As a consequence, the bridge was closed on every May Morning since 2006, until its reopening in 2011.
In the 19th century, the young townsmen blew horns and ran riot, after the singing. Activities have varied over the previous centuries. One fictional description of the Tudor May Morning is in "Towers in the Mist" by Elizabeth Goudge. Another description is found in the film "Shadowlands" directed by Richard Attenborough, on an episode in the life of the English scholar, writer and fellow of Magdalen's C. S. Lewis, starring Anthony Hopkins as C. S. Lewis and Debra Winger as Joy Davidman. 

</doc>
<doc id="2869711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869711" title="George Spartels">
George Spartels

George Spartels (born 25 April 1948) is an Australian actor of Greek descent on his father's ancestry, and Irish/English on his mother's, and his has a younger brother who is a director for the Carlton Football Club in the national AFL . He remains best known for his role on the television soap opera "Neighbours", playing Benito Alessi. He was married to actress Elizabeth Alexander. George remarried in April 2013 to now Mary Spartels and is happily living in Sydney.
Spartels appeared on the ABC's "Play School" between 1985 and 1999 and has produced a number of children's videos. He also appeared in "Prisoner" in 1979, "Punishment" in 1981 and played the role of Blackfinger in the movie "" in 1985 alongside Mel Gibson and Tina Turner.
Spartels has guest starred in many other Australian television series from the 1970s to the present, and has appeared in a number of episodes of the medical drama series "All Saints" and "Packed to the Rafters" as Carbo's father. He is now touring in Canada, LA and Australia in the "The Last Confession" alongside David Suchet.

</doc>
<doc id="2869717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869717" title="Arron">
Arron

Arron is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Given name:
Surname:

</doc>
<doc id="2869726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869726" title="XCircuit">
XCircuit

XCircuit is a Unix/X11 and Windows, program for drawing publishable-quality electrical circuit schematic diagrams and related figures, and produce circuit netlists through schematic capture. XCircuit regards circuits as inherently hierarchical, and writes both hierarchical PostScript output and hierarchical SPICE netlists. Circuit components are saved in and retrieved from libraries which are fully editable. XCircuit does not separate artistic expression from circuit drawing; it maintains flexibility in style without compromising the power of schematic capture.
XCircuit was written and is maintained by Tim Edwards, currently with Multigig Inc., formerly with the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland. XCircuit started life in the summer of 1993 as a drawing program to render circuit diagrams for an undergraduate electrical engineering course in the Johns Hopkins University Whiting School of Engineering Part-time programs. Since then, it has expanded to encompass schematic capture and is used by people all over the world for both presentations and as an EDA (Electronic Design Automation) tool.
PCB layout editing can be accomplished with the program "PCB" that can use net-lists etc., from XCircuit.

</doc>
<doc id="2869728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869728" title="David Normington">
David Normington

Sir David John Normington, GCB is the First Civil Service Commissioner and Commissioner for Public Appointments for the British government. He previously served in the British Civil Service as the Permanent Secretary of Department for Education and Skills from 2001 to 2005, and then the Home Office until 2011.
Career.
A graduate of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, Sir David's career began in the Department of Employment. There he was responsible variously for the previous Government’s programme of trade union reform, for measures to reduce unemployment, and for youth training. He was Principal Private Secretary to Tom King, Secretary of State for Employment in 1983 and 1984. He was also responsible for co-ordinating the efforts of central Government to regenerate the seven most deprived London boroughs.
In 1995, when the Department of Employment and Department of Education merged, he played a central role in the creation of the new Department for Education and Employment (DfEE). From there he moved on to become DfEE’s Director-General for Strategy and Analytical Services and for the International Division in the run-up to the UK Presidency of the European Union. In 1998, Normington became the Director-General for Schools, bringing together responsibility for all schools policy and operations. He became Permanent Secretary in 2001 where he served for five years until joining the Home Office as its Permanent Secretary in January 2006. His performance at the Home Office was strongly criticised by Home Secretary John Reid, who described the department as "Not fit for purpose".
He has been called "something more akin to James Bond than a top civil servant. and his nickname in his previous appointment as permanent secretary at the Department for Education and Skills was ‘the smiling assassin’ He is also described as ‘extremely charming’, ‘civilised and urbane’ – and a ‘tough nut. One of Normington's lasting legacies in the DfES was his decision to reduce the Department's workforce by approximately a third, made in 2003. This decision came in advance of the subsequent budget announcing a large reduction of the civil service as a whole, leading some to speculate that Normington had made his own cuts early in an attempt to curry favour. He applied for the job of Cabinet Secretary but was beaten by Sir Gus O'Donnell, due to concerns that his appointment would dangerously damage Civil Service morale.
Sir David is a Government member of the DA Notice committee.
Already Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB), he was appointed Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) in the 2011 New Year Honours. In 2010 it was announced that he would retire from the Civil Service and become the First Civil Service Commissioner and Commissioner for Public Appointments, the first time the two rôles had been combined.
The arrest of opposition MP Damian Green.
He was responsible for initiating the investigation that ended with the police arresting shadow immigration minister Damian Green, allegedly because Green told the press that the government had given licenses to illegal workers, that an illegal worker was employed in the Houses of Parliament, and two more documents. 
The complaint was dismissed by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS),  after MP's concluded "that growing frustration in both the Home Office and the Cabinet Office may have led officials to give an exaggerated impression of the damage done by the leaks that could reasonably be presumed to have emanated from the Home Office" .
Scam Alert.
Illegitimate and unauthorised attempts have allegedly been made to exploit Sir David Normington's reputation by improperly using his name to sponsor or lend credibility to entry clearance and visa applications by foreign nationals seeking to come to the United Kingdom. 

</doc>
<doc id="2869729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869729" title="Harukichi Yamaguchi">
Harukichi Yamaguchi

Yamaguchi established the group in Kobe in 1915, and was its "kumicho" or Godfather until 1925, when he was succeeded by his son Noboru Yamaguchi.

</doc>
<doc id="2869731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869731" title="Geoffrey Lloyd, Baron Geoffrey-Lloyd">
Geoffrey Lloyd, Baron Geoffrey-Lloyd

Geoffrey William Geoffrey-Lloyd, Baron Geoffrey-Lloyd PC (17 January 1902 – 12 September 1984) was a British Conservative politician.
Background and education.
The eldest son of G. W. A. Lloyd of Newbury, Lloyd was educated at Harrow School and Trinity College, Cambridge (MA), during which time he was President of the Cambridge Union Society in 1925.
Political career.
Lloyd contested South East Southwark in 1924 without success and Birmingham Ladywood in 1929, when he was defeated by just 11 votes. He was Private Secretary to Sir Samuel Hoare (Secretary of State for Air), 1926–1929, then to Stanley Baldwin (Prime Minister, 1929, subsequently as Leader of the Opposition), 1929-1931.
He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Birmingham Ladywood in 1931 with a 14,000 majority, holding the seat until 1945. He was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Stanley Baldwin (Lord President of the Council), 1931–1935 and as Prime Minister in 1935. He held office as Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, 1935–1939; as Secretary for Mines, 1939–1940; as Secretary for Petroleum, 1940–1942; as Chairman of the Oil Control Board, 1939–1945; as Minister in charge of Petroleum Warfare Department 1940-1945, as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Fuel and Power, 1942–1945; and as Minister of Information in 1945. He was appointed a Privy Counsellor in 1943.
He was a Governor of British Broadcasting Corporation, 1946-1949. He returned to Parliament as member for Birmingham King's Norton, 1950–1955, and for Sutton Coldfield from 1955 until February 1974. During this time he was Minister of Fuel and Power, 1951–1955 and Minister of Education, 1957-October 1959.
He changed his surname from Lloyd to Geoffrey-Lloyd by Deed Poll on 18 April 1974.
He was created a life peer 6 May 1974 as Baron Geoffrey-Lloyd, of Broomfield in Kent.
Personal life.
Lord Geoffrey-Lloyd died at age 82 from natural causes in Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="2869732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869732" title="American National Standards Institute Nanotechnology Panel">
American National Standards Institute Nanotechnology Panel

The American National Standards Institute–Nanotechnology Standards Panel (ANSI-NSP) enables stakeholders in nanotechnology to work together to coordinate the development of voluntary standards. Such standards include terminology and materials properties and measurement procedures to facilitate commercialization of applications and uses of nanotechnology. ANSI established the panel in August 2004, and membership is open to all parties interested in nanotechnology standards. 
Objectives.
Objectives of the ANSI-NSP include: 

</doc>
<doc id="2869734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869734" title="Harriette Deborah Lacy">
Harriette Deborah Lacy

Harriette Deborah Lacy (1807-1874) was an English actress born in London, the daughter of a tradesman named Taylor. Her first appearance on the stage was at Bath in 1827 as Julia in "The Rivals", and she was immediately given leading parts there in both comedy and tragedy.
Her first London appearance was in 1830 as Nina, in Dimond's "Carnival of Naples". Her Rosalind, Aspatia (to Macready's Melantius) in "The Bridal", and Lady Teazle to the Charles Surface of "Walter Lacy" (1809-1898) - to whom she was married in 1839 - confirmed her position and popularity. She was the original Helen in "The Hunchback" (1832), and also created Nell Gwynne in Jerrold's play of that name, and the heroine in his "Housekeeper". She was considered the first Ophelia of her day. She retired in 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="2869749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869749" title="Noboru Yamaguchi">
Noboru Yamaguchi

He assumed control of the gang in 1925 from his father, the gang's founder, Harukichi Yamaguchi. He ruled until 1942, and was succeeded in 1946 by his protege, Kazuo Taoka.

</doc>
<doc id="2869766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869766" title="Jeremy Gara">
Jeremy Gara

Jeremy Gara (born June 6, 1978) is a Canadian drummer from Ottawa, Ontario.
Career.
Gara currently (2011) plays with the indie rock band Arcade Fire. He has played in many other bands in the past, including slowcore band Kepler and math rock band Weights and Measures. He also had a part in the self-titled album "Arizona Amp and Alternator". He is endorsed by Istanbul Agop Cymbals and C&C Custom Drum Company. He has also been involved in the bands Clark, Snailhouse (with fellow Arcade Fire member Sarah Neufeld) and The New International Standards (with Arcade Fire members Richard Reed Parry and Tim Kingsbury). He recently played percussion on Owen Pallett's "Heartland" album (Pallett being a former member and regular contributor to Arcade Fire).
As with other members of Arcade Fire, during live performances he often swaps instruments with other members of the band between songs, often taking on the role of an extra guitarist on certain songs.

</doc>
<doc id="2869776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869776" title="The Mighty Lemon Drops">
The Mighty Lemon Drops

The Mighty Lemon Drops were an English rock group active from 1985 to 1992.
Biography.
Originally called the Sherbet Monsters, the quartet first formed in the spring of 1985 in Wolverhampton, in The Black Country. Paul Marsh, Dave Newton and Tony Linehan had played together in a band called Active Restraint in 1982, with Newton later leaving to become a founding member of The Wild Flowers. Dave Newton and Tony Linehan were the principal songwriters for the group. Their sound can best be described as a more psychedelia influenced post punk, played with a ringing Rickenbacker guitar as the lead instrument. They drew comparisons to Echo and the Bunnymen, who were also influenced by psychedelia.
After losing original drummer Martin Gilks (later to join The Wonder Stuff), the Drops line-up settled as Paul Marsh (vocals), David Newton (guitar), Tony Linehan (bass), and Keith Rowley (drums). In December 1985 the quartet, now officially The Mighty Lemon Drops, released their first independent single, "Like An Angel," on Daniel Treacy of Television Personalities "Dreamworld Records" label which went to the top of the UK Indie Chart and sold 14,000 copies. They also recorded a session for John Peel around the same time. Becoming part of the C86 movement, which was championed by the "New Musical Express", they were soon snapped up by Geoff Travis of Rough Trade for his new Blue Guitar label, a subsidiary of Chrysalis Records. They signed with Sire Records for the United States and Canada around the same period. Derek Jarman produced the video for the "Out of Hand" single in 1987 which was followed by their hit "Inside Out" in 1988. In the UK, albums "Happy Head" and "World Without End" both charted (#58 and No. 33 respectively). In the US "World Without End" was a Number 1 Modern Rock/College album in 1988 and "Happy Head" was one of the 50 best album of the year 1986 according to Sounds magazine critics poll. These two albums relied heavily on Newton's use of a vintage Vox Mark VII semi-acoustic "Teardrop" 12-string electric guitar and a Micro-Frets Spacetone 6-string guitar. The band eventually parted company with Chrysalis in the UK after three albums ("Happy Head", "World Without End" and "Laughter"), failing to repeat their initial independent success, but remained signed with Sire in the US, with "Laughter", another US Modern Rock No. 1 entering the lower regions of the Billboard 200 in 1990. During the sessions for "Laughter", Linehan left the band and was replaced by Marcus Williams.
The band released two more albums, "Sound...Say Goodbye To Your Standards" and "Ricochet" before finally breaking up in 1992. Three more albums followed (live albums "All The Way" and "Young, Gifted, & Black Country", and the greatest-hits package "Rollercoaster") and at the end of 2000 the band played a one-off comeback gig in Wolverhampton. In 2007 the band were reported to have been offered the chance to reform at the Coachella festival.
Linehan now works as a project manager and emigrated to New Zealand in April 2007.
David Newton (guitarist) still works as a recording engineer and record producer, and has completed projects for The Little Ones, The Blood Arm, The Soft Pack, The Henry Clay People, Everybody Was in the French Resistance...Now!, The Sweater Girls, Torches, The Movies. In 2006, he produced a cover version of "Inside Out" (as well as playing bass guitar on the track) for The Lassie Foundation's double album, "Through and Through".
In 2011, Newton produced the third album, Turn and Face Me by The Blood Arm.
All of The Mighty Lemon Drops albums are now officially available again through Wounded Bird Records, licenced through Warner Bros, all with extra tracks, b-sides and liner notes.
In March of 2014, the band released "Uptight: The Early Recordings 1985-1986", on Cherry Red Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2869780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869780" title="Noboru Ando">
Noboru Ando

One clear sign of his past occupation is the large knife scar on his left cheek, the result of a brawl with a Korean gangster as a young man. According to Ando, acting came easily to him as a result of his underworld life: "In Japanese, the only difference between "yakuza" and "yakusha" (actor) is one hiragana character," he was quoted in the Japan Times as saying. "All yakuza have to be actors to survive."

</doc>
<doc id="2869781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869781" title="List of foreign television channels available in Canada">
List of foreign television channels available in Canada

This is a list of foreign television channels available in Canada. The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) regulates which television channels are allowed to air in Canada. Although the vast majority of television channels available in Canada are Canadian-owned and operated, the CRTC allows certain foreign-owned channels to be broadcast in Canada.
In order for a non-Canadian station/channel to broadcast in Canada it must first listed by the CRTC on the listed as authorized on the List of non-Canadian programming services authorized for distribution. Cable and satellite companies are only allowed to carry the foreign services that are contained in the list. Also, not every channel on the list is currently carried by BDU's, it is up to their discretion to decide what channels they are interested in offering to consumers. 
On June 30, 2011, the CRTC introduced new policy whereby the 'lists of eligible satellite services' would be consolidated into one list to be known as the 'List of non-Canadian programming services authorized for distribution'
List of non-Canadian programming services authorized for distribution.
Although the CRTC has combined all stations/channels together, the list below has been separated into sections to distinguish between the various types of services that are contained in the list. The sections are as follows: American over-the-air stations, American specialty channels & foreign specialty channels:
American over-the-air services eligible for national distribution.
Up to one channel from each network can be carried by a Class 1, 2, or 3 cable company on the basic service of a cable company that cannot receive an acceptable signal from that network. As well, the CRTC has authorized most cable companies to carry a second American network feed from another time zone on a digital discretionary basis.
"Affiliations are as listed by the CRTC."
1While listed by the CRTC as a Fox affiliate, WFTC has not served as such since 2002, when KMSP-TV took over Fox programming in Minneapolis. Since neither station has been carried in Canada since the affiliation change (in fact, it is not clear if WFTC was ever carried in Canada), there has been no reason to fix this "error" to date.
Notes.
BOLD denotes those stations/channels that are currently broadcasting in Canada, available via cable or satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="2869783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869783" title="History of the Panama Canal">
History of the Panama Canal

The history of the Panama Canal goes back almost to the earliest explorers of the Americas. The narrow land bridge between North and South America offers a unique opportunity to create a water passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. The earliest European colonists of Central America recognized this potential, and schemes for such a canal were floated several times in the subsequent years.
By the late nineteenth century, technological advances and commercial pressure advanced to the point where construction started in earnest. An initial attempt by France to build a sea-level canal failed, but only after a great amount of excavation was carried out. This was of use to the United States, which completed the present Panama Canal in 1913 and officially opened it in 1914. Along the way, the state of Panama was created through its separation from Colombia in 1903, due to a US backed revolt, so the US could then get control of the Canal project area.
Today, the canal continues to be not only a viable commercial venture, but also a vital link in world shipping.
The French project.
The idea of building a canal across Central America was suggested again by German scientist Alexander von Humboldt, which led to a revival of interest in the early-19th century. In 1819, the Spanish government authorized the construction of a canal and the creation of a company to build it.
The project stalled for some time, but a number of surveys were carried out between 1850 and 1875. The conclusion was that the two most favorable routes were those across Panama (then a part of Colombia) and across Nicaragua, with a route across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in Mexico as a third option. The Nicaragua route was seriously considered and surveyed.
Conception.
After the successful completion of the Suez Canal in 1869, the French were inspired to tackle the apparently similar project to connect the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, and were confident that this could be carried out with little difficulty. In 1876, an international company, "La Société internationale du Canal interocéanique", was created to undertake the work; two years later, it obtained a concession from the Colombian government, which then controlled the land, to dig a canal across the isthmus.
Ferdinand de Lesseps, who was in charge of the construction of the Suez Canal, was the figurehead of the scheme. His enthusiastic leadership, coupled with his reputation as the man who had brought the Suez project to a successful conclusion, persuaded speculators and ordinary citizens to invest in the scheme, ultimately to the level of almost $400 million.
However, de Lesseps, despite his previous success, was not an engineer. The construction of the Suez Canal, essentially a ditch dug through a flat, sandy desert, presented few challenges; but Panama was to be a very different story. The mountainous spine of Central America comes to a low point at Panama, but still rises to a height of above sea level at the lowest crossing point. A sea-level canal, as proposed by de Lesseps, would require a prodigious excavation, and through varied hardnesses of rock rather than the easy sand of Suez.
A less obvious barrier was presented by the rivers crossing the canal, particularly the Chagres River, which flows very strongly in the rainy season. This water could not simply be dumped into the canal, as it would present an extreme hazard to shipping; and so a sea-level canal would require the river, which cuts right across the canal route, to be diverted.
The most serious problem of all, however, was tropical disease, particularly malaria and yellow fever. Since it was not known at the time how these diseases were contracted, any precautions against them were doomed to failure. For example, the legs of the hospital beds were placed in tins of water to keep insects from crawling up; but these pans of stagnant water made ideal breeding places for mosquitoes, the carriers of these two diseases, and so worsened the problem.
From the beginning, the project was plagued by a lack of engineering expertise. In May 1879, an international engineering congress was convened in Paris, with Ferdinand de Lesseps at its head; of the 136 delegates, however, only 42 were engineers, the others being made up of speculators, politicians, and personal friends of de Lesseps.
De Lesseps was convinced that a sea-level canal, dug through the mountainous, rocky spine of Central America, could be completed as easily as, or even more easily than, the Suez Canal. The engineering congress estimated the cost of the project at $214,000,000; on February 14, 1880, an engineering commission revised this estimate to $168,600,000. De Lesseps twice reduced this estimate, with no apparent justification; on February 20 to $131,600,000, and again on March 1 to $120,000,000. The engineering congress estimated seven or eight years as the time required to complete the work; de Lesseps reduced the time to six years, as compared to the ten years required for the Suez Canal.
The proposed sea level canal was to have uniform depth of , a bottom width of , and a width at water level of about , and involved excavation estimated at . It was proposed that a dam be built at Gamboa to control the flooding of the Chagres river, along with channels to carry water away from the canal. However, the Gamboa dam was later found to be impracticable, and the Chagres River problem was left unresolved.
Construction begins.
Construction of the canal began on January 1, 1881, though digging at Culebra did not begin until January 22, 1881. A huge labor force was assembled; in 1888, this numbered about 20,000 men, nine-tenths of these being afro-Caribbean workers from the West Indies. French engineers were well paid and the prestige of the project attracted the best of France's engineering schools, but the huge death toll from disease made it difficult to retain them — they either left after short service, or died. The total death toll between 1881 and 1889 was estimated at over 22,000.
Even as early as 1885, it had become clear to many that a sea-level canal was impractical, and that an elevated canal with locks was the best answer; however, de Lesseps was stubborn, and it was not until October 1887 that the lock canal plan was adopted.
By this time, however, the mounting financial, engineering and mortality problems, coupled with frequent floods and mudslides, were making it clear that the project was in serious trouble. Work was pushed forward under the new plan until May 1889, when the company became bankrupt, and work was finally suspended on May 15, 1889. After eight years, the work was about two-fifths completed, and some $234,795,000 had been spent.
The collapse of the company was a major scandal in France, and the role of two Jewish speculators in the affair enabled Edouard Drumont, an anti-semite, to exploit the matter. 104 legislators were found to have been involved in the corruption and Jean Jaurès was commissioned by the French parliament to conduct an inquiry into the matter, completed in 1893.
New French Canal Company.
It soon became clear that the only way to salvage anything for the stockholders was to continue the project. A new concession was obtained from Colombia, and in 1894 the "Compagnie Nouvelle du Canal de Panama" was created to finish the construction. To comply with the terms of the concession, work started immediately on the Culebra excavation—required under any possible plans—while a team of engineers began a comprehensive study of the project. They eventually settled on a plan for a two-level, lock-based canal.
The new effort never really gathered momentum, mainly because of U.S. speculation that a canal through Nicaragua would render a Panama canal useless. The largest number of men employed on the new project was 3,600, in 1896; this minimal workforce was employed primarily to comply with the terms of the concession and to maintain the existing excavation and equipment in saelable condition — the company had already started looking for a buyer, with a price tag of $109,000,000.
Meanwhile, in the U.S., the Isthmian Canal Commission was established in 1899 to examine the possibilities of a Central American canal and to recommend a route. In November 1901, the commission reported that a U.S. canal should be built through Nicaragua unless the French were willing to sell out at $40,000,000. This recommendation became a law on June 28, 1902, and the New Panama Canal Company was practically forced to sell for that amount or get nothing.
The French achievement.
Although the French effort was to a large extent doomed to failure from the beginning — due to the unsolved disease issue, and insufficient appreciation of the engineering difficulties — its work was, nevertheless, not entirely wasted. Between the old and new companies, the French in total excavated of material, of which was taken from the Culebra Cut. The old company dredged a channel from Panama Bay to the port at Balboa; and the channel dredged on the Atlantic side, known as the French canal, was found to be useful for bringing in sand and stone for the locks and spillway concrete at Gatún.
The detailed surveys and studies, particularly those carried out by the new canal company, were of great help to the later American effort; and considerable machinery, including railroad equipment and vehicles, were of great help in the early years of the American project.
The French effort lowered the summit of the Culebra Cut along the canal route 5 meters (17 ft), from 64 meters (210 ft) above sea level to 59 metres (193 ft), over a relatively narrow width. In all, it was estimated that of excavation were of direct use to the Americans, valued at $25,389,240, along with equipment and surveys valued at $17,410,586.
Nicaragua.
The discovery of gold in California in 1848 and the rush of would-be miners stimulated U.S. interest in creating a canal between the oceans. In 1887, a U.S. regiment went to survey canal possibilities in Nicaragua. In 1889, the Maritime Canal Company was asked to begin creating a canal in the area, and it chose Nicaragua. The company lost its funding in 1893 as a result of a stock panic, and canal work ceased in Nicaragua. In both 1897 and 1899, Congress charged a Canal Commission to look into possible construction, and Nicaragua was chosen as the location both times.
The Nicaraguan Canal proposal was finally made redundant by the American takeover of the French Panama Canal project. However, the increase in modern shipping, and the increasing sizes of ships, have revived interest in the project; there are fresh proposals for either a modern-day canal across Nicaragua capable of carrying post-Panamax ships, or a rail link carrying containers between ports on either coast.
The United States and the canal.
Theodore Roosevelt, who became president of the United States in 1901, believed that a U.S.-controlled canal across Central America was a vital strategic interest to the U.S. This idea gained wide impetus following the destruction of the battleship USS "Maine", in Cuba, on February 15, 1898
Roosevelt was able to reverse a previous decision by the Walker Commission in favor of a Nicaragua Canal, and pushed through the acquisition of the French Panama Canal effort. George S. Morrison stood alone on that commission for the Panama location and argued for the change. The purchase of the French-held land for $40 million was authorized by the Spooner Act of June 28, 1902. Panama was then part of Colombia, so Roosevelt opened negotiations with the Colombians to obtain the necessary rights. In early 1903, the Hay–Herrán Treaty was signed by both nations, but the Colombian Senate failed to ratify the treaty.
In a controversial move, Roosevelt implied to Panamanian rebels that if they revolted, the U.S. Navy would assist their cause for independence. Panama proceeded to proclaim its independence on November 3, 1903, and the USS "Nashville" in local waters impeded any interference from Colombia (see gunboat diplomacy).
The victorious Panamanians returned the favor to Roosevelt by allowing the United States control of the Panama Canal Zone on February 23, 1904, for US$10 million (as provided in the Hay–Bunau-Varilla Treaty, signed on November 18, 1903).
The takeover.
The United States formally took control of the French property relating to the canal on May 4, 1904, when Lieutenant Jatara Oneel of the United States Army was presented with the keys; there was a small ceremony.
The newly created Panama Canal Zone Control came under the control of the Isthmian Canal Commission during canal construction.
Making sense of the task.
The American government had bought the canal essentially as a running operation, and indeed the first step taken was to place all of the canal workers in the employment of the new administration. However, this was not as helpful to the project as it may have seemed. At that point the operation was maintained at minimum strength to comply with the canal's concession and keep the plant in working order.
The Americans therefore inherited a small workforce, but also a great jumble of buildings, infrastructure and equipment, much of which had been the victim of fifteen years of neglect in the harsh, humid jungle environment. There were virtually no facilities in place for a large workforce, and the infrastructure was crumbling. The early years of American work therefore produced little in terms of real progress, but were in many ways the most crucial and most difficult of the project.
The task of cataloguing the assets was a huge one; it took many weeks simply to card-index the available equipment. 2,148 buildings had been acquired, many of which were completely uninhabitable, and housing was at first a significant problem. The Panama Railway was in a severe state of decay. Still, there was a great deal that was of significant use; many locomotives, dredges and other pieces of floating equipment were put to good use by the Americans throughout their construction effort.
John Findlay Wallace was elected as chief engineer of the canal on May 6, 1904, and immediately came under pressure to "make the dirt fly". However, the initial over-bureaucratic oversight from Washington stifled his efforts to get large forces of heavy equipment in place rapidly, and caused a great deal of friction between Wallace and the commission. Both Wallace and the chief sanitary officer, William C. Gorgas, determined to make great strides as rapidly as possible, found themselves frustrated by delay and red tape at every turn; finally, in 1905, Wallace resigned.
Setting the course.
Wallace was replaced as chief engineer by John Frank Stevens, who arrived on the isthmus on July 26, 1905. Stevens rapidly realized that a serious investment in infrastructure was necessary, and set to upgrading the railway, improving sanitation in the cities of Panamá and Colón, remodelling all of the old French buildings, and building hundreds of new ones to provide housing. He then undertook the task of recruiting the huge labor force required for the building of the canal. Given the unsavory reputation of Panama by this time, this was a difficult task, but recruiting agents were dispatched. Stevens' approach was to press ahead anyway, and get approval later. He improved the drilling and dirt removal equipment at the Culebra Cut, with a great improvement in efficiency. He also revised the inadequate provisions for the disposal of the vast quantities of soil that were to be excavated.
Even at this date, no decision had been taken regarding whether the canal should be a lock canal or a sea-level canal — the excavation that was under way would be useful in either case. Towards the end of 1905, President Roosevelt sent a team of engineers to Panama to investigate the relative merits of both schemes, as regards their costs and time requirements. The engineers decided in favor of a sea-level canal, by a vote of eight to five; but the Canal Commission, and Stevens himself, opposed this scheme, and Stevens' report to Roosevelt was instrumental in convincing the president of the merits of a lock-based scheme. The Senate and house of Representatives ratified the lock-based scheme, and work was free to formally continue under this plan.
In November 1906, Roosevelt visited Panama to inspect the canal's progress. This was the first trip outside the United States by a sitting President.
Another controversy from this time was whether the canal work should be carried out by contractors, or by the U.S. government itself. Opinions were strongly divided, but Stevens eventually came to favor the direct approach, and this was the one finally adopted by Roosevelt. However, Roosevelt also decided that army engineers should carry out the work, and appointed Major George Washington Goethals as chief engineer under the direction of Stevens in February 1907.
Stevens was already frustrated by the administrative situation, and the decision to involve the army at this level may have been the last straw; in any case, he resigned, and was replaced by Goethals.
Living conditions.
The Canal Zone originally had minimal facilities for entertainment and relaxation for the canal workers, except the saloons; as a result, the men drank heavily largely because there was nothing else to do, and drunkenness was a great problem. The generally unfriendly conditions resulted in many American workers returning home each year.
It was clear that conditions had to be improved if the project was to succeed; so a program of improvements was put in place. To begin with, a number of clubhouses were built, managed by the YMCA, which contained billiard rooms, an assembly room, a reading room, bowling alleys, dark rooms for the camera clubs, gymnastic equipment, an ice cream parlor and soda fountain, and a circulating library. The members' dues were only ten dollars a year; the remaining deficit (of about $7,000, at the larger clubhouses) was paid by the Commission.
Baseball fields were built by the commission, and special trains were laid on to take people to the games; a very competitive league soon developed. Fortnightly Saturday night dances were held at the Hotel Tivoli, which had a spacious ballroom.
These measures had a marked influence on life in the Canal Zone; drunkenness fell off sharply, and the saloon trade dropped by sixty percent. Crucially, the number of workers leaving the project each year dropped significantly.
Construction in earnest.
The work that had been done to this point was unimpressive in terms of actual construction, but in terms of preparation, essential. By the time Goethals took over, all of the infrastructure for the construction had been created, or at least greatly overhauled and expanded from the original French effort, which eased his task considerably; and he was soon able to start making real progress with the construction effort. He divided the project into three divisions: Atlantic, Central and Pacific.
By August 1907, 765,000 m³ (1,000,000 cubic yards) per month was being excavated, which was a record for the difficult rainy season; not long after, this was doubled, and then increased again; at the peak of productivity, 2,300,000 m³ (3,000,000 cubic yards) were being excavated per month (in terms of pure excavation, this is equivalent to digging a Channel Tunnel every 3½ months). Never in the history of construction work had so much material been removed so quickly.
The Culebra Cut (Gaillard Cut).
One of the greatest barriers to a canal was the continental divide, which originally rose to above sea level at its highest point; the effort to create a cut through this barrier of rock was clearly one of the greatest challenges faced by the project, and indeed gave rise to one of the greatest engineering feats of its time.
When Goethals arrived at the canal he had brought with him Major David du Bose Gaillard, of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Gaillard was placed in charge of the central district of the canal, which stretched from Pedro Miguel Locks to the Gatun Dam, and dedicated himself to the job of getting the Culebra Cut, as it was then known, excavated.
The scale of the work was massive: six thousand men worked in the cut, drilling holes in which were placed a total of of dynamite to break up the rock, which was then taken away by as many as 160 trains in a day. Landslides were a frequent and major problem, due to the oxidation and weakening of the underlying iron strata in the rock. The scale of the job, and the frequent unpredictable slides, tended towards chaos; but Gaillard overcame the difficulties with quiet, clear-sighted leadership.
On May 20, 1913, Bucyrus steam shovels made a passage through the Culebra Cut at the level of the canal bottom. The French effort had reduced the summit to , but over a relatively narrow width; the Americans had lowered this to above sea level, over a much greater width, and had excavated over of material. Some of this material was additional to the planned excavation, having been brought into the cut by the landslides.
Dry excavation ended on September 10, 1913; a slide in January had brought of earth into the cut, but it was decided that this loose material would be removed by dredging once the cut was flooded.
The dams.
Two artificial lakes form key parts of the canal; Lake Gatun and Miraflores Lake. Four dams were constructed to create these lakes:
The two dams at Miraflores are an earth dam, long, connecting with Miraflores Locks from the west, and a concrete spillway dam long to the east of the locks. The concrete east dam has eight regulating gates similar to those on the Gatun Spillway.
The dam at Pedro Miguel is of earth, and is long, extending from a hill on the west to the lock. The face of the dam is protected by rock riprap at the water level.
By far the largest of the dams, and by far the most demanding, was the Gatun Dam, which created and impounds Lake Gatun. This huge earthen dam, which is thick at the base and long along the top, was the largest of its kind in the world when the canal opened.
The locks.
The project of building the locks began with the first concrete laid at Gatun, on August 24, 1909.
The locks at Gatun are built into a cutting made in a hill bordering the lake, which required the excavation of of material, mostly rock. The locks themselves were made of of concrete; an extensive system of electric railways and overhead cableways were used to transport concrete into the lock construction sites.
The Pacific-side locks were finished first; the single flight at Pedro Miguel in 1911 and Miraflores in May 1913. The seagoing tug Gatun, an Atlantic entrance working tug used for hauling barges, had the honor on September 26, 1913, of making the first trial lockage of Gatun Locks. The lockage went perfectly, although all valves were controlled manually since the central control board was still not ready.
Opening.
On October 10, 1913, the dike at Gamboa, which had kept the Culebra Cut isolated from Gatun Lake, was demolished; the initial detonation was set off telegraphically by President Woodrow Wilson in Washington. On January 7, 1914, the "Alexandre La Valley", an old French crane boat, became the first ship to make a complete transit of the Panama Canal under its own steam, having worked its way across in the final stages of construction.
As construction tailed off, the canal team began to disperse. Thousands of workers were laid off; entire towns were either disassembled or demolished. Gorgas left to help fight pneumonia in the South African gold mines, and went on to become surgeon general of the Army. On April 1, 1914, the Isthmian Canal Commission ceased to exist and the zone came under a new Canal Zone Governor; the first holder of this office was Colonel Goethals.
A grand celebration was originally planned for the official opening of the canal, as befitting so great an effort which had aroused strong feelings for many years. However, the outbreak of World War I forced cancellation of the main festivities, and the grand opening became a modest local affair. The Panama Railway steamship , piloted by Captain John A. Constantine, the Canal's first pilot, made the first official transit of the canal on August 15, 1914. There were no international dignitaries in attendance; Goethals followed "Ancon"'s progress from shore, by railroad.
Taking stock of the project.
When the canal opened, it was a technological marvel. It was an important strategic and economic asset to the U.S., and revolutionized world shipping patterns, as its opening removed the need for ships to travel the long and dangerous route via the Drake Passage and Cape Horn (at the southernmost tip of South America). The canal saves a total of about on a trip from New York to San Francisco by sea.
The anticipated military significance of the canal was proven in World War II, when the United States used it to help restore their devastated Pacific Fleet . Some of the largest ships the United States had to send through the canal were aircraft carriers, in particular the "Essex" class. These were so large that, although the locks could hold them, the lamp-posts alongside the canal had to be removed.
The Panama Canal cost the United States around $375,000,000, including the $10,000,000 paid to Panama and the $40,000,000 paid to the French company. It was the single most expensive construction project in United States history to that time; remarkably, however, it was actually some $23,000,000 below the 1907 estimate, in spite of landslides and an increase in the canal's width. An additional $12,000,000 was spent on fortifications.
More than 75,000 men and women worked on the project in total; at the height of construction, there were 40,000 workers working on it. According to hospital records, 5,609 workers died from disease and accidents during the American construction era.
A total of of material was excavated in the American effort, including the approach channels at both ends of the canal. Adding the work inherited from the French, the total excavation required by the canal was around . This is over 25 times the volume excavated in the Channel Tunnel project.
Of the three presidents whose periods in office span the construction period, the name of President Roosevelt is often the one most associated with the canal, and Woodrow Wilson was the president who presided over its opening. However, it may have been William Howard Taft who gave the greatest personal impetus to the canal over the longest period. Taft visited Panama five times as Roosevelt's Secretary of War, and twice as President. He also hired John Stevens, and later recommended Goethals as his replacement. Taft became president in 1909, when canal construction was only at the halfway mark, and remained in office for most of the remainder of the work. However, Goethals later wrote that "the real builder of the Panama Canal was Theodore Roosevelt".
The following words of Theodore Roosevelt are displayed in the Rotunda of the Administration Building:
It is not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena; whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again; who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, and spends himself in a worthy cause; who, at the best, knows in the end the triumph of high achievement; and who, at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat.
David du Bose Gaillard died from a brain tumor in Baltimore, on December 5, 1913, aged 54, having been promoted to colonel only a month before, and so never saw the opening of the great man-made valley whose creation he directed. The Culebra Cut, as it was originally known, was renamed to the Gaillard Cut on April 27, 1915, in his honor. A plaque commemorating his work stood over the cut for many years; in 1998 it was moved to the Administration Building in Balboa, close to the Goethals Memorial.
The Third Locks Scheme (1939).
As the situation in Europe deteriorated in the late-1930s, the USA began to be concerned once more about its ability to move warships between the oceans. The largest U.S. battleships were already so large as to have problems with the canal locks; and there were concerns about the locks being put out of action by enemy bombing.
These concerns led the U.S. Congress to pass a resolution authorising a study into improving the canal's defenses against attack, and into expanding the capacity of the canal to handle large vessels. This resolution was passed on May 1, 1936, and a Special Engineering Section was created by the on July 1, 1937, to carry out the study.
A report was made to Congress on February 24, 1939, recommending that work be carried out to protect the existing lock structures, and to construct a new set of locks capable of carrying larger vessels than the existing locks could accommodate. On August 11, 1939, Congress authorised work to begin.
The plan was to build three new locks, at Gatún, Pedro Miguel, and Miraflores, in parallel with the existing locks, and served by new approach channels. The new locks would add a single traffic lane to the canal, with each chamber being long, wide, and deep. The new locks would be to the east of the existing Gatún locks, and to the west of the existing Pedro Miguel and Miraflores locks.
The first excavations for the new approach channels at Miraflores began on July 1, 1940, following the passage by Congress of the Appropriation Act on June 24, 1940. The first dry excavation at Gatún began on February 19, 1941. A considerable amount of material was excavated before the project was finally abandoned; the new approach channels can still be seen in parallel to the original channels at Gatún and Miraflores.
In 2006 the ACP proposed a new plan to create a third lane of locks, using partly the abandoned approach canals from 1940s. After a confirming referendum, the works have started in 2007.
Canal handover.
After construction, the canal and the Canal Zone surrounding it were administered by the United States. On 7 September 1977, U.S. President Jimmy Carter signed the Torrijos-Carter Treaty, which set in motion the process of handing over the canal to Panamanian control. The treaty came into force on 1 October 1979 and provided for a twenty-year period during which Panama would have increasing responsibilities for Canal operations, culminating in complete U.S. withdrawal on 31 December 1999. Since then the canal has been run by the Panama Canal Authority or the Autoridad de Canal de Panama ( the ACP).
The treaty was highly controversial in the U.S., and its passage was difficult. The controversy was largely caused by contracts to manage two ports at either end of the canal, which were awarded by Panama to a Hong Kong-based conglomerate, Hutchison Whampoa. Republicans contend that the company has close ties to the Chinese government and the Chinese military. However, the U.S. State Department says it has found no evidence of connections between Hutchison Whampoa and Beijing. Some Americans were also wary of placing this strategic waterway under the protection of the Panamanian security force.
There was some concern in the U.S. and in the shipping industry for the Canal after the handover.
But opponents of the Torrijos-Carter Treaties turned out to be wrong. On virtually all counts, Panama is doing extremely well:
Former U.S. Ambassador to Panama Linda Watt, who served in Panama from 2002 to 2005, said that the canal operation under Panamanian hands has been "outstanding." She added, "The international shipping community is quite pleased."

</doc>
<doc id="2869798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869798" title="Eta Piscium">
Eta Piscium

Eta Piscium (Eta Psc, η Piscium, η Psc) is the brightest star in the constellation Pisces. Eta Piscium is located at a distance of about 294 light years from Earth and shines at magnitude +3.62. It is of Spectral type G7 III. 
The total luminosity of this star is 316 times that of the Sun while its surface temperature is 4930 kelvins. The star has a radius of times solar while its mass is 3.5 to 4 solar masses.
Eta Piscium has a faint companion star with a separation of about 1".

</doc>
<doc id="2869817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869817" title="Iqbal Ali Lakhani">
Iqbal Ali Lakhani

Iqbal Ali Lakhani is a Pakistani industrialist belonging to Karachi's wealthy Ismaili Lakhani family that is reported to be among the top 22 richest families in the country. He is one of four brothers controlling the Lakson Group and he is the group chairman.
Their businesses are very diverse. Their flagship company was the Lakson Tobacco Company which is the largest tobacco exporter in Pakistan. The company was recently sold to Phillip Morris International.
Lakhani, is the most well-known of all Ismaeli tycoons. Their stakes range from media, tobacco, paper, chemicals and surgical equipment to cotton, packaging, insurance, detergents, Pakistan's largest data communication company CYBERNET and other house-hold items, many of which are joint ventures with leading international conglomerates.

</doc>
<doc id="2869818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869818" title="Hikari danio">
Hikari danio

The Hikari danio is a new species of danio recently discovered in Burma, and first exported in 2002/2003. It is still awaiting a scientific name, and is temporarily referred to as "Danio" sp. "Hikari". It has blue and yellow varieties with the yellow being male and the blue female. It appears to be closely related to "Danio kerri". It may be a subspecies of this fish, but this does not seem to be the case.

</doc>
<doc id="2869834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869834" title="Charles Clay (surgeon)">
Charles Clay (surgeon)

Charles Clay (December 27, 1801 – September 18, 1893) was an English surgeon, called the "Father of Ovariotomy".
Life.
He was born in Bredbury, near Stockport, Cheshire, and died in Poulton-le-Fylde, near Blackpool, Lancashire.
He began his medical education as a pupil of Kinder Wood in Manchester (where he used to attend John Dalton's lectures on chemistry), and in 1821 went to Edinburgh to continue his studies there. Qualifying in 1823, he began a general practice in Ashton-under-Lyne, where he also taught Chemistry at the Mechanics Institute. At this point he was a pledged teetotaller and supporter of the Abstinence Movement. In 1839 he removed to Manchester to practise as an operative and consulting surgeon. It was there that, in 1842, he first performed the operation of ovariotomy with which his name is associated. On this occasion it was perfectly successful, and when in 1865 he published an analysis of the cases he was able to show a mortality only slightly above 30%.
Ovariotomy.
Although his merits in this matter have sometimes been denied, his claim to the title "Father of Ovariotomy" is now generally conceded, and it is admitted that he deserves the credit not only of having shown how that operation could be made a success, but also of having played an important part in the advance of abdominal surgery for which the 19th century was conspicuous.
Geology, archaeology, numismatics.
In spite of the claims of a heavy practice, Clay found time for the pursuit of geology and archaeology. Among the books of which he was the author were a volume of "Geological Sketches of Manchester" (1839) and a "History of the Currency of the Isle of Man" (1849), and his collections included over a thousand editions of the Old and New Testaments and a remarkably complete series of the silver and copper coins of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2869836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869836" title="Donna Laframboise">
Donna Laframboise

Donna Laframboise is a Canadian feminist, journalist, writer, and photographer. She holds a degree in women's studies, and her writing has often supported organizations such as fathers' rights groups. She is the author of "The Princess at the Window: A New Gender Morality" (1997), a book critical of many aspects of contemporary feminism; and of "The Delinquent Teenager Who Was Mistaken for the World's Top Climate Expert" (2011), a book about the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Climatologist Judith Curry wrote that Laframboise's book "makes a clear and compelling case regarding problems with the IPCC."
In 2010, Laframboise organized a citizen audit of the IPCC AR4 report, to determine how many of the report's sources were peer-reviewed. The audit found that 21 of the report's 44 chapters used fewer than 60% peer-reviewed sources. She maintains noconsensus.org, a website that argues that there is no scientific consensus on global warming.
From 1993 to 2001, Laframbroise served on the board of directors of the Canadian Civil Liberties Association. She has written articles and editorials for Canada's National Post, Globe & Mail, Toronto Star, and others.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2869837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869837" title="Medallion Shield">
Medallion Shield

The Medallion Shield is an annual rugby union competition involving schools affiliated to the Ulster Branch of the Irish Rugby Football Union. The competition is open to all schools within Ulster, but only schools from within Northern Ireland currently enter, with no entries from schools situated in the three Ulster counties within the Republic of Ireland.
The competition has been contested continuously since its inception in 1910 and, in that time, fourteen different schools have secured at least a shared win of the shield. Teams entering the Medallion Shield are composed of boys that are under 15 years of age at the start of the school year. Entry in 2012-13 stood at 38 schools.
Methodist College Belfast is the most successful school with 38 wins (35 outright wins and 3 shared wins).
The current holder is Royal Belfast Academical Institution.
Foundation and growth.
It was reported in 1909 that discussions had taken place between Belfast Royal Academy, Campbell College, Methodist College and Royal Belfast Academical Institution about setting up a rugby junior competition for pupils with an age qualification given as under fifteen years of age on 1 November. The success of the Leinster Schools Junior Cup which had started that year had prompted these discussions. Henry McIntosh, the Headmaster of Methodist College and respected rugby coach, was the main driving force behind the idea.
In 1910 Methodist College and Royal Belfast Academical Institution proceeded with the competition and for the first five years only these two schools competed. The third school to join was Royal School Dungannon in 1915. Bangor Grammar School entered for the first time in 1916, with Ballymena Academy and Coleraine Academical Institution following in 1917.
In 1977 the organising committee of Belfast Royal Academy, Methodist College Belfast, Royal Belfast Academical Institution and Royal School Dungannon ceded control of the competition to the Ulster Branch of the Irish Rugby Football Union.
Trophy.
Initially without a trophy, a medal was presented to the winning captain at the conclusion of the second final in 1911. The original Medallion Shield was presented by the Governors of Methodist College with the medal mounted on the shield. When the original shield was filled with the names of winners, the Governors also provided a replacement shield. The original shield is on exhibit and can be viewed at the Methodist College Heritage Centre.
Venue of finals.
All finals since 1973 had been played at Ravenhill. In 2014 the final was staged at the Queen's University Arena because of the ongoing development work at Ravenhill. Prior to 1973, the most commonly used venues were the North of Ireland grounds on the Ormeau Road in Belfast and the former Royal Belfast Academical Institution grounds at Orangefield, Belfast.
Future international players.
Over the years a selection of players who went on to win international caps appeared in the Medallion Shield final. One future international appeared in the first ever final in 1910 with James B O'Neill a member of the victorious Methodist College team. He would win one cap for Ireland in 1920.
Further examples of future international players include:
Format.
Until 2004 the Medallion Shield was competed for through an open draw, and since then a seeding system has been employed to determine the point at which a school enters the competition.
A Medallion Plate competition for first round losers was introduced in 1986.
The competition took on a new format in 2005 with further minor changes made since. Each team is assigned to a seeding group which determines the stage at which that team joins the competition. Each stage is run on a single tie knock-out basis, with replays for drawn games when necessary.
The structure since the 2009-10 season is as follows:
In 2012-13 the top eight seeded teams were Ballymena Academy, Campbell College, Coleraine Academical Institution, Methodist College Belfast, Regent House, Newtownards, Royal Belfast Academical Institution, Sullivan Upper School and Wallace High School.
2013-14 season.
The 2014 Medallion Shield final was won by Royal Belfast Academical Institution beating Ballymena Academy. Banbridge Academy will play Coleraine Academical Institution in the Plate final. Bangor Grammar School won against Belfast High School in the Bowl final. Larne Grammar School drew with Rainey Endowed School in the Trophy final and shared the cup.
Performance by School.
† denotes a shared win<br>
‡ Annadale Grammar School became Wellington College in a merger in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="2869838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869838" title="Peter Bayley (academic)">
Peter Bayley (academic)

Peter Charles Bayley (born 25 January 1921) was an English fellow at University College, Oxford, England.
Early life.
Bayley was born on 25 January 1921. He was educated at The Crypt School, Gloucester, and University College, Oxford, where he was a Sidwick Exhibitioner (1940–41). He undertook war service during the Second World War (1941–46). 
Academic career.
He was subsequently a Junior Research Fellow (1947–49), then a Fellow and Praelector in English (1949–72), and Keeper of the College Buildings at University College. He was made an Emeritus Fellow of the college in 1985.
Bayley was the author of books on and Edmund Spenser, 19th century novelists, and John Milton.
"The Times Literary Supplement" wrote of his book on Spenser as being ""a packed but lucidly written book which will be of permanent value to all students, and indeed readers, of Spenser".
He also edited the "University College Record" for a number of years.
While a don at Oxford, Bayley oversaw the activities of the Oxford University Dramatic Society (OUDS) and the University College Players. He produced "He Who Gets Slapped" by Leonid Andreyev for the Univ Players in 1953. He was a Curator of the University Theatre and Chairman of the University Theatre Appeal Committee. Bayley was the tutor of the author V.S. Naipaul.

</doc>
<doc id="2869843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869843" title="HS2000">
HS2000

The HS2000 ("Hrvatski Samokres" (Croatian Pistol)), or XD (X-treme Duty) are a series of semi-automatic pistol that are polymer-framed and striker-fired. Manufactured in the city of Karlovac, Croatia by HS Produkt (formerly I.M. Metal), the Springfield Armory XD, XDM, or XD-S is the marketing name for the weapon, which is licensed and sold in the United States by Springfield Armory, Inc.
History.
The HS2000 traces its roots back to a service pistol known as the PHP ("Prvi Hrvatski Pištolj" or "First Croatian Pistol"), which was first produced in Croatia by privately owned industrial parts firm I. M. Metal in 1991. Designed by a team led by Marko Vuković, the PHP was considered to be a solid design, but early versions were plagued by quality issues, due in large part to the difficulties of manufacturing during the Yugoslav war. Vuković's team continued to tweak and improve the design over the next decade, releasing the HS95 ("Hrvatski Samokres" or "Croatian Pistol") in 1995, and the HS2000 in 1999.
The HS2000 was adopted by the Croatian military and law enforcement as a standard issue sidearm and continues to fill that role today. The pistol was initially exported to the US market by Intrac and distributed by HSAmerica who sold the pistol in 9 mm as the HS2000.
In 2002, Springfield Armory, Inc. negotiated licensing rights to the US market, and changed the name to the XD-9 (X-treme Duty 9×19mm Parabellum). Springfield Armory has since expanded the line to include ten models in three different calibers and five different cartridges, seven barrel lengths, and six finishes (black, black bi-tone, olive drab, olive drab bi-tone, flat dark earth,and flat dark earth bi-tone). In 2006, the industry press awarded the XD-45 the title of "Handgun of the Year" from both American Rifleman magazine and The Shooting Industry Academy of Excellence. The XD(M) series of pistols won "Handgun of the Year" again in 2009.
Design details.
The HS2000 is a short recoil-operated locked breech striker fired semi-automatic pistol.
Most HS2000s have dual captive recoil springs; however, the XDM and Tactical models have non-captive springs. They use a polymer frame with steel inserts, mounting rail and trigger-mounted safety. An indicator protrudes from the rear of the slide when the striker is cocked. A loaded chamber indicator pivots up on top of the slide when a round is in the chamber being both visual and tactile. An ambidextrous magazine release is also standard. Take down of the pistol is through a lever on the left side of the frame that rotates up, allowing the slide to move forward off the frame. This is very similar to the mechanism of take down as seen in pistols manufactured by SIG SAUER.
The HS2000 has a grip safety that will not allow the pistol to fire without depressing a lever on the rear of the grip. This feature is present on some older pistols such as the M1911, however few modern pistols include a grip safety. The recoil spring guide rod also acts as a standoff device, as the end of the rod protrudes from under the barrel and keeps the slide in battery when pressed against an object such as someones's chest in contact-distance self-defense situations. This prevents the slide from being moved back because the device pushes the surface area of objects away from the slide, thus increasing the chance that the gun will function normally.
In addition to the trigger and grip safeties, there are three other safeties on the HS2000. The drop safety prevents the striker from releasing if the gun is dropped or exposed to a significant impact. An out of battery safety prevents firing unless the slide is completely in battery. Further, as of 2008, 4 in and 5 in XD .45 ACP Service models are available with an optional ambidextrous frame-mounted thumb safety. This option is now available in 9mm, .40 and .45 ACP pistols.
The factory-standard trigger has a travel of 13 mm (0.5 in) and is rated at to .
The HS2000, except for the XDS variant, is fed by staggered-column detachable box magazines that are made of polished stainless steel with a polymer basepad. The empty weight of a standard-sized HS2000 box magazine is .
After heat treatment the metal parts are finished with a proprietary nitriding process called Tenifer Plus+. This finish is characterized by extreme wear and corrosion resistance; it penetrates the metal, and treated parts have similar properties even below the surface to a certain depth. The Tenifer Plus+ process produces a matte gray-colored, non-glare surface with a 64 Rockwell C hardness rating and a 1,200–1,300 N/mm2 tensile strength. This finish makes the HS2000 particularly suitable for individuals carrying the pistol concealed, as the highly chloride-resistant finish allows the pistol to better endure the effects of perspiration.
The Springfield Armory XDM .45 ACP is offered in three different models with 3.8, 4.5, and 5.25 inch barrels. Each of these models have a 13 + 1 capacity, while the highest capacity is 19 + 1 for the 9mm model. The model is also available with a compact magazine that holds 9 rounds that reduces grip length by one inch for a more comfortable conceal carry option.
In January 2012, Springfield announced a new variant, to be marketed as the XD-S. While it shares many features with the original XD and XDM, its specifications differ in several important ways. The XD-S has a new Pre-Set trigger and a disassembly fail-safe, neither of which are currently incorporated into the XD or XD-M models. The Fail-Safe Disassembly prevents the disassembly lever from being manipulated when there is a magazine in the pistol. Conversely, when the disassembly lever is up, a magazine cannot be inserted into the pistol. This model, at only wide and initially available only in .45 ACP, is specifically designed for concealed carry. The XD-S .45 ACP has a single stack magazine with a 5 + 1 capacity (with an optional 7 + 1 magazine available) and a barrel.
In January 2013, Springfield unveiled the XD-S in 9mm. It is identical to the .45 ACP model in size and features. The only differences being that XD-S 9mm has a single stack magazine with a 7 + 1 capacity (with an optional 9 + 1 magazine available) and the 9mm is marginally heavier due to a smaller (9mm) hole in the barrel (more metal is left behind).

</doc>
<doc id="2869845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869845" title="Chelmsford Chieftains">
Chelmsford Chieftains

The Chelmsford Chieftains are an Ice Hockey team based in Chelmsford, Essex that are currently playing in the English National Ice Hockey League. Since the team was founded in 1987, the Chieftains have played their home games at the Riverside Ice and Leisure Centre.
Chelmsford played their first game against the Peterborough Titans in September 1987. They had been placed in the then "Heineken League Division Two", and successfully beat the Titans 11-4, with the first ever goal being scored by a young player called Stuart Steeves. It was his only goal that season.
After competing in the English Premier Ice Hockey League for nine seasons between 1998 and 2008, the Chelmsford Chieftains took a decision based largely upon finances to withdraw from the league at the end of the 2007/2008 season, and instead to enter the ENIHL. The hockey governing body in the UK, the EIHA, informed the club that they would be playing in Division 1 for the 2008/2009 season. However, at the league A.G.M., many of the clubs supported a motion to overturn the league's decision and the Chieftains were placed in Division 2. The Chieftains had already assembled a squad capable of playing in Division 1 and at such a late stage, the squad could not be rebuilt. The outcome was that the Chieftains started the season in a very strong position.
The Chieftains continued their domination of the ENL2 for the remainder of the 2008/09 season going the entire league season dropping just 1 point to Invicta Mustangs at the start of the season. From then until the end of the season the Chieftains won every single game with an average score of 8-2.
In 2009/10 they faced a much tougher test, but still managed to finish a respectable fourth with just champions Invicta Dynamos, Cardiff ENL Devils and Bracknell Hornets finishing above them. Although 4th place was disappointing to many, when you think that the Essex side was in fact 1 point from being in 2nd place and 7 points from being equal with the Dynamos, it was actually a very successful season. Onto the end of season playoffs and the Chieftains managed to come within 4 minutes of securing a place in the final against Bracknell Hornets, but went down in Essex to Whightlink Raiders but won the respect of every team in the league for their hard work and 'never say die' attitude.
2010-11 was a successful season for the Chieftains despite a tough start to the season with the refurbishment of the rink running over and delaying the start. Once things got underway the club made quick progress up the league and were soon in contention for top spot. It was neck and neck for much of the season and only in the final few weeks did the Wightlink Raiders cement their place at the top of the table and be declared champions. The Raiders had been the only side the Chieftains had failed to beat during the regular season and Birrell was keen to make sure that that didn't continue in the playoffs. A quarter final match up saw the Chieftains despatch the MK Thunder in a much tougher encounter than expected and then the Romford Raiders were the opponents in the semi-finals. Romford had had the pressure on the Chieftains throughout the season and almost caught them into second place, so it was always going to be a close match up. In a lively encounter, on and off the ice, the Chieftains came away with the spoils to set up the showdown everyone wanted to see - League Champions Wightlink Raiders V Runners-up Chelmsford Chieftains. In a massive shock, the Chieftains won the first leg on the Isle of Wight 4-2 and were in control of the tie, but knew they couldn't rest on their laurels as the second leg could still go either way.
No-one could have predicted the dominance of the Chieftains in the second leg and they ran out 5-1 winners in front of a crowd of over 1000 fans at the Riverside and sent the locals into a frenzy! The delight on the players faces was that of unbridled joy and happiness as silverware, in a tougher competition than the ENL2 season, had finally come back to the Essex capital.
2011-12 looks set to be a much much tougher campaign with all teams in the league improving and no game is a given, but on paper the Chieftains should be one of the favourites and there is definitely an air of expectation around Chelmsford to be up there challenging for the double.
At the conclusion of the season Dean Birrell announced he would be moving upstairs to a new role of Director of Coaching in Chelmsford which would oversee the coaching of the Chieftains and Warriors. Taking his place would be MK Lightning forward Gary Clarke who takes over from the Scot in a player-coach role for the 2011-12 campaign.
The mantra of the club is very much "Local players" and this is reflected in the current make-up of the team. Each season more and more young players are making the step from the junior system to the seniors either directly with the Chieftains or with their ENL2 side the Warriors. This season Rory Garrett has stepped up full-time and other youngsters will be getting ice time with the Warriors and possibly Chieftains.
Trophies won:<br>
1989 Essex Cup<br>
1990/91 Autumn Trophy<br>
1992/93 British League Entry Playoffs<br>
1996/97 Essex/Kent Cup<br>
1996/97 Essex Cup<br>
1999/00 English League Premier Division Playoffs<br>
1999/00 Data Vision Millenium Cup<br>
1999/00 English League Premier Division <br>
2008/09 English National League South Division 2<br>
2010/11 English National League South Division 1 Playoffs<br>
2011/12 English National League South Division 1 Playoffs<br>
2011/12 Essex Cup<br>
2012/13 National Ice Hockey League South Division 1<br>
2012/13 National Ice Hockey League South Division 1 Playoffs<br>
Runners up in major competitions excluding league: <br>
1996/97 Playoff finalists<br>
1997/98 Playoff finalists<br>
1995/96 Autumn Trophy Finalists<br>
2010/11 English National League South Division 1<br>
2011/12 English National League South Division 1<br>
2012/13 National Ice Hockey League South Cup<br>
2012/13 South East Cup
LEAGUE HISTORY:<br> "'

</doc>
<doc id="2869848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869848" title="Devipatan division">
Devipatan division

Devipatan division is an administrative geographical unit of Uttar Pradesh state of India. Currently (2005), the division consists of districts of : 
Gonda is headquarters of this division.

</doc>
<doc id="2869860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869860" title="Thirteenth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland">
Thirteenth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland

The Thirteenth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland specified that the prohibition of abortion would not limit freedom of travel in and out of the state. It was effected by the Thirteenth Amendment of the Constitution Act, 1992, which was approved by referendum on 25 November 1992 and signed into law on 23 December of the same year.
Overview.
The Amendment was adopted in November 1992 by a plebiscite of the Irish people, largely in response to "Attorney General v. X" - a case that arose where a 14-year-old girl who had become pregnant from rape was threatened with legal action for travelling to the United Kingdom to obtain an abortion. It specifies that the prohibition of abortion would not limit freedom of travel from Ireland to other countries where a person might legally obtain an abortion.
On the same day the Fourteenth Amendment was approved, guaranteeing freedom of speech with respect to the issue. Another proposal, the Twelfth Amendment, which would have held that the possibility of suicide was not a sufficient threat to justify an abortion, was rejected.
Under European Communities law in 1992, Irish citizens already had the right to travel unhindered within at least the European Union, being one of the basic "Four freedoms".

</doc>
<doc id="2869864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869864" title="The Eight Doctors">
The Eight Doctors

The Eight Doctors is a BBC Books original novel written by Terrance Dicks and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was the first of the Eighth Doctor Adventures range and features the Eighth Doctor and introduces his new companion, Sam Jones.
The novel takes place immediately after the 1996 television movie.
Plot.
Immediately after the events of the television film, the Eighth Doctor finishes reading "The Time Machine" (a book written by his old friend H.G. Wells). After he checks the Eye of Harmony in his TARDIS, he falls prey to a final trap set by his old enemy, the Master; which erases all of his memory. The only fact he knows for certain is that he is called "the Doctor" – but Doctor who? His instincts tell him to "trust the TARDIS", which immediately lands.
He has landed at a scrapyard at 76 Totters Lane, London in 1997; where he encounters a young lady by the name of Sam Jones, who is being accused by local drug dealers, led by Baz Bailey, of "grassing" them over to the police. Having saved Sam from these insidious characters, who were intending to force Sam into taking drugs to get her addicted, the Doctor falls foul of the local police who promptly charge him with possession and selling the cocaine he has confiscated from the thugs. Sam tells her two teachers, who have noticed her lateness, and takes them back to the junkyard to verify the story. The Doctor escapes in the confusion of Bailey's desperate attack on the local police station, he runs back into the TARDIS and it dematerialises – taking the cocaine with him to dispose of it safely. This leaves Sam alone, defenceless against the knife-wielding druggies...
The TARDIS lands in the year 100,000 BC, and he meets his first incarnation in the jungle and they psychically link (giving the Eighth Doctor his memories up to that point in his life). The Eighth Doctor stops his other self from killing a caveman who was slowing their party down. The First Doctor explains that he must get away before the "time bubble" his Eighth self is in bursts and starts to damage the timeline. The Eighth Doctor then leaves.
The TARDIS then lands during the events of "The War Games", where he helps his second incarnation, Jamie McCrimmon and Zoe Heriot with their important mission to contact the Time Lords. Having regained his second life's memories, he leaves happily.
He next meets the Third Doctor, who himself has just fought the Master and the Sea Devils; and has saved humanity by blowing up a Sea Devil base. He, blaming his Eighth self for his exile to Earth and for the Master's concurrent escape, threatens him with the Master's Tissue Compression Eliminator. But he tosses the weapon to him instead. The Master has again escaped to fight another day, and the Eighth Doctor leaves.
Having landed during the events of "State of Decay", the Eighth Doctor gives the Fourth Doctor an emergency blood transfusion after his younger self is attacked and nearly fatally drained by another group of vampires, and leaves with yet more memories (to the astonishment of companion Romana).
Meanwhile, back on Gallifrey, Lady President Flavia has noticed the Doctor crossing his timelines and demands that he be carefully watched. A Time Lord called Ryoth demands the Doctor be executed: the resulting paradoxes could be irreversible. Flavia denies this. Ryoth alerts the Celestial Intervention Agency to the situation, and the Agency give him access to the fabelled Timescoop technology, perfectly preserved since the Death Zone incident. He uses it to send a Raston Warrior Robot to the Fifth Doctor and his companions, Tegan Jovanka and Vislor Turlough. Luckily, the Eighth Doctor then arrives at the aftermath of "The Five Doctors", where he saves his fifth incarnation and his companions from the Raston Warrior Robot and a passing platoon of Sontarans by tricking the two into fighting each other. The Doctors create a feedback system, so when Ryoth sends a Drashig to kill them, it instead materialises in the same room as Ryoth and eats him and the Timescoop. It is then caught and transmatted to the Death Zone by guards in the Capitol in the hopes that it will take care of the other horrors there.
Soon he arrives in the middle of his second trial by the Time Lords; which his Sixth self seems to be losing (especially as the insidious Valeyard has just accused him of a mass genocide attack against the Vervoids). After giving him advice and encouragement- as well as helping to begin an investigation into his past self's trial on Gallifrey-, he leaves, his memories almost completely intact.
He finally arrives on the planet Metebelis Three, where the alone and depressed Seventh Doctor is trapped by a giant spider. After rescuing his former self (by killing the arachnid with the TCE), he remembers leaving Sam, and immediately dashes back into the TARDIS to her rescue.
Once saved by the Doctor, Sam decides to join him on his travels.
Continuity.
Terrance Dicks wrote this book not only to begin this ongoing book series, but also as an attempt to rectify the various continuity problems that had emerged from the 1996 film.
This story appears to contradict some of the continuity set in place by the Virgin New Adventures and Virgin Missing Adventures, such as the freedom of Borusa from Rassilon's imprisonment (Borusa having been freed in "Blood Harvest", itself written by Dicks), the identity of the President of Gallifrey (Flavia in this novel), and Romana in the subjectively later Virgin New Adventures, and the circumstances (albeit described only in brief) of the First Doctor's departure from Gallifrey. The BBC novels were not initially intended to be part of the same continuity as the earlier Virgins, although BBC novelists restored some continuity between the two ranges, for example by reinstating Romana as President in "The Shadows of Avalon". Some issues at least may be explained away by assuming that, from the point of view of the Time Lords, the Eighth Doctor's role in "The Eight Doctors" actually occurs prior to the seventh Doctor's role in "Blood Harvest". However, throughout the range certain contradictory elements still exist.
When Sam tells the Doctor that her surname is Jones, and the Doctor tells her that his is "Smith", she says that they were made for each other. It also foreshadows the revelations that would eventually be made about Sam's origins. A similar pun shows up in the title of the 2007 series episode "Smith and Jones", with the Tenth Doctor and new companion Martha Jones. Martha also uses the alias of "Sam Jones" in the spin-off series "Torchwood".
The story has an inconsistency to Tegan knowing her Doctors as she mistakenly believed the Eighth Doctor to be the Fourth even though she had met the Fourth Doctor in Logopolis when he regenerated into the Fifth Doctor.

</doc>
<doc id="2869866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869866" title="Hungarian Civil Liberties Union">
Hungarian Civil Liberties Union

Since its inception in 1994, the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union (HCLU) (, and its acronym "TASZ") is a leading non-governmental organization in the field of human rights and harm reduction advocacy in Hungary. Patterned on the successful model of the American Civil Liberties Union's work in the United States, HCLU provides legal aid and advocacy for vulnerable populations, such as drug users, psychiatric patients, and people living with HIV/AIDS, as well as providing public information on related issues. In 2005, HCLU received a grant from the Open Society Institute to further its sex work reduction and policy advocacy.
The HCLU has strongly opposed laws against Holocaust denial saying that "the constitutional liability to act against exclusionary, racist and anti-Semitic speech cannot be solved effectively via criminal provisions, rather than by education and possible new sanctions against such remarks by public figures."
HCLU focuses on: 
Additionally, HCLU had been working with the Hungarian Government's anti-corruption co-ordination board, although the organization quit such cooperation late in 2008, saying that it was "irrelevant." HCLU has been recognized as a less biased source for information on human rights issues in Hungary than official sources.

</doc>
<doc id="2869867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869867" title="Sodium oxalate">
Sodium oxalate

Sodium oxalate, or disodium oxalate, is the sodium salt of oxalic acid with the formula Na2C2O4. It is usually a white, crystalline, odorless powder, that decomposes at 250–270 °C.
Disodium oxalate can act as a reducing agent, and it may be used as a primary standard for standardizing potassium permanganate (KMnO4) solutions.
The mineral form of sodium oxalate is natroxalate. It is only very rarely found and restricted to extremely sodic conditions of ultra-alkaline pegmatites.
Preparation.
Sodium oxalate can be prepared through the neutralization of oxalic acid with sodium hydroxide (NaOH) in a 1:2 acid-to-base molar ratio. Half-neutralization can be accomplished with NaOH in a 1:1 ratio which produces NaHC2O4, monobasic sodium oxalate or sodium hydrogenoxalate.
Alternatively, it can be produced by decomposing sodium formate by heating it at a temperature exceeding 360 °C.
Reactions.
Sodium oxalate is used to standardize potassium permanganate solutions. It is desirable that the temperature of the titration mixture is greater than 60 °C to ensure that all the permanganate added reacts quickly. The kinetics of the reaction is complex, and the manganese(II) ions formed catalyze the further reaction between permanganate and oxalic acid (formed "in situ" by the addition of excess sulfuric acid). The final equation is as follows:
Biological activity.
Like several other oxalates, sodium oxalate is toxic to humans. It can cause burning pain in the mouth, throat and stomach, bloody vomiting, headache, muscle cramps, cramps and convulsions, drop in blood pressure, heart failure, shock, coma, and possible death. Mean lethal dose by ingestion of oxalates is 10-15 grams (per MSDS).
Sodium oxalate, like citrates, can also be used to remove calcium ions (Ca2+) from blood plasma. It also prevents blood from clotting. Note that by removing calcium ions from the blood, sodium oxalate can impair brain function, and deposit calcium oxalate in the kidneys.

</doc>
<doc id="2869868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869868" title="Hull Stingrays">
Hull Stingrays

Hull Stingrays are a British ice hockey club from Kingston upon Hull. They are members of the Elite Ice Hockey League and for the 2012/2013 season will be officially known as the Rapid Solicitors Hull Stingrays. They were formed in 2003 and play their home games at Hull Arena.
The Stingrays replaced previous clubs Humberside Seahawks 1988–1992, Humberside Hawks 1993–1995, Kingston Hawks 1996–1998 and Hull Thunder 1999–2002. On 10 August 2010, owners Mike & Sue Pack announced that the club was ceasing operations due to a lack of funds to complete the 2010–11 season, but a takeover by Elite League rivals Coventry Blaze was confirmed on 17 August 2010, enabling the team to take its place in the Elite League for the 2010–11 season. At the end of the 2011–12 season Coventry Blaze announced their intention to sell the Stingrays. The Coventry-based ownership accepted an offer from Stingrays' bench coach Bobby McEwan in May 2012.
Rebirth.
The Stingrays were formed in 2003 replacing the Hull Thunder as members of the British National League. The new owners, Mike and Sue Pack along with Rick Strachan, who served as head coach through the end of the 2008–09 season, came with a promise of financial stability.
The initial challenge for the club was to re-establish the belief that the Hull Arena could host a team playing professional hockey at all, following a previous history of failed attempts, some valiant and some best forgotten.
Unfortunately the damage to the sport's credibility in the city was a burden that was not easily shaken off and some of the fans stayed away waiting for what they thought was the inevitable to happen. But the ownership were true to their word and a season was completed without any of the previous crises that had become common place. Stability was established and although success on the ice proved more elusive, as Rick Strachan said at the time "The bus is moving in the right direction."
The team had very much an Eastern European feel to it and was captained by local idol, Stephen Johnson, tempted back from a threatened retirement for one last season. Alongside him the Ukrainian contingent included a guy who made a huge impact for his never say die attitude and innovative use of the six words of English that he had mastered, fans favourite Evgeny Alipov – 'Big Al'.
So the foundation was in place and with the first objective of stability secured and confidence building, the club entered the next season in the BNL keen to apply the lessons learnt and to start to climb the ratings.
2004/2005.
Although still very much having to keep a close eye on the purse strings, the squad had a much stronger feel to it when the first puck dropped on the 2004–05 campaign.
Coach Strachan brought in Scott Wray, Jeff Glowa, Craig Minard and Ladislav Kudrna in nets to join Alipov, Nikolaev, Burgess, Gomenyuk as his eight import contingent and with a strong British content including Slava Koulikov, and the Phillips brothers, hopes were high.
A 'top four finish' was predicted by the coach but this turned out not to be ambitious enough. Stingrays were overtaken for second place in the last fortnight by Guildford and Newcastle, the team made the Winter Cup semi-finals and gained a play-off place.
Amazingly it could have been even better had star defenceman Minard decided not to quit the club in November leaving a young British defence to be marshalled by Gomenyuk. Another blow followed when free-scoring Scott Wray had to return home for personal reasons. Not surprisingly the replacements proved not to be as effective and the team's form suffered.
That season was memorable for the 'crossover' competition that pitched the British National League teams against their bigger spending, import heavy neighbours in the Elite League. Widely expected to provide one sided games, the reality was a little different and most of the games provided sporting contests worthy of the name.
Although the Stingrays had to endure a couple of bad losses during this competition they also achieved memorable victories over Coventry, London and Sheffield at home, and also took the points off Cardiff on the road. Goalie Kudrna was often the hero and his performances gained him a place, with Gomenyuk on the BNL All-star team.
The crossover competition was planned to be a potential precursor to a closer relationship between the two leagues but, in fact, the reality was far from that – 2004–05 season proved to be the last for the British National League.
The Newcastle Vipers and the Edinburgh Capitals decided that their futures would be more secure in the Elite League leaving the remaining five clubs having to consider their own futures. The English clubs made the decision they had to drop to the four import English Premier League whilst the two remaining Scottish clubs, Dundee and Fife were left with no alternative than to build their business in the SNL.
2005/2006 – The EPL.
The Stingrays embarked on what was the only viable option and a team was put together which we thought could be effective in that league. But with the work permit regulations ruling out re-engaging any of the Ukrainian core of the previous team, the recruitment was going to be key. The season proved to be a tough one and although the club gained a cup-final spot after a memorable 16 shot penalty shoot out victory over the Guildford Flames the club failed to pick up the silverware after being edged out by Bracknell.
A young British contingent struggled against some of the more experienced and mature squads and the mid-table slot felt an under achievement following the previous years progress.
2006/2006 – The EIHL.
The Packs were unhappy playing their team in the Premier League. Travelling costs were significant for the predominantly south east based league and spectator numbers fell. After the end of the 2005–06 season, the Stingrays sought admission into the Elite Ice Hockey League. Their application was finally approved after weeks of speculation on 22 June 2006. Hull now have a representative in the top-flight division of British Ice Hockey for the first time since the Humberside Hawks played in the Premier Division of the British Hockey League in the 1995–96 season.
In the first four years of its life, the club was in the unique position of competing in all three of the country's senior leagues and it is a major achievement that Hull hockey has moved on and can now provide the supporter with a view of the best Ice Hockey teams and the best players in the land.
The Stingrays had a tough start to their life in the EIHL as they fought to the death for a playoff place, eventually finishing 9th as their decision to opt with a mix of their old Eastern European style with several Canadians ultimately did not pay off.
In 2007 Lifetime Sports Ltd, the Hull Stingrays parent company, established itself as a Community Interest Company. This means that it is a non-profit making organisation dedicated to providing services and facilities to the community in which it operates, that being, Hull, Humberside and the East Riding.
2007/2008.
For the 2007–08 season Rick Strachan once again decided to change his signing policy, this time ditching the Eastern European, and predominantly Ukrainian approach, by signing North Americans such as Bryce Thoma, Paul Cabana, Rob Rankin, Brad Patterson, Jake Riddle and Garry Luini. Once again the Stingrays failed to make a consistent impact on the league as they finished in 10th, and last place, 5 points behind 9th placed Basingstoke Bison.
2008/2009.
The Stingrays once again finished outside the playoffs in 2008–09, missing out on the post season by seven points, for the third year in a row. At the end of the season, Stingrays coach, Rick Strachan, was asked to step down. Stingrays co-owners Sue and Mike Pack cited financial reasons for the departure of Strachan, who was eventually replaced by Sylvain Cloutier on 9 April 2009. Rick Strachan remains a director of the club. Cloutier is backed up by former team-mate Curtis Huppe as Assistant Coach, and both will continue playing.
2009/2010.
The Stingrays finished 8th in the 2009–10 Elite League season, gaining 43 points from 56 games, finishing only 3 points behind the 7th place Newcastle Vipers. This is the highest tally for points the team has gained since becoming the Stingrays in 2003, beating the previous record of 39. The team also achieved in excess of .500 hockey in the period from Christmas to the end of the season, the first time it had done so over a sustained period.
2010/2011.
Shortly before the 2010–11 EIHL season was about to begin, club owners Mike and Sue Pack announced the team was to no longer operate due to financial issues. However on 17 August 2010, only six days after the closure of the club was confirmed, a takeover by Elite League rivals Coventry Blaze was confirmed, enabling the team to take its place in the Elite League for the 2010–11 season.
Despite their financial difficulties and a late start to the 2010–11 season (which resulted in the team having to play an unenviable 10 games in 20 days towards the end of the season) Stingrays managed a respectable 7th place finish in the Elite League. They beat every team in the league except for the Cardiff Devils at least once, including a spectacular 6–1 victory over the Nottingham Panthers in the final game of the regular season. In the playoff quarter-finals Stingrays were defeated by the Devils 8–4 on aggregate.
2011/2012.
The 2011–12 pre-season has seen the Stingrays get off to a promising start, beginning with a home victory and an away draw against owners Coventry Blaze, a draw with English Premier League side Sheffield Steeldogs and impressive victories over Dutch sides Geleen Eaters and Tilburg Trappers in the P&O Ferries Cup which saw them crowned champions. Just after Christmas, star forward, Jereme Tendler was suspended by the EIHL and UKDA after failing a drugs test following a game in Coventry. Tendler disputes the claim and is appealing however could be facing a two-year ban if convicted.
Current roster.
"2013–14 EIHL season"

</doc>
<doc id="2869874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869874" title="Treasure binding">
Treasure binding

A treasure binding, or jewelled bookbinding / jeweled bookbinding is a luxurious book cover using metalwork in gold or silver, jewels and ivory, perhaps in addition to more usual bookbinding material for book-covers such as leather, velvet, or other cloth. The actual bookbinding technique is the same as for other medieval books, with the folios, normally of vellum, stitched together and bound to wooden cover boards. The metal framework of the treasure binding is then fixed, normally by tacks, onto these boards. Treasure bindings appear to have existed from at least Late Antiquity, though there are no surviving examples from so early, and Early Medieval examples are very rare. They were less used by the end of the Middle Ages, but a few continued to be produced in the West even up to the present day, and many more in areas where Eastern Orthodoxy predominated. The bindings were mainly used on grand illuminated manuscripts, especially Gospel books designed for the altar and use in church services, rather than study in the library.
The vast majority of these bookbindings were later destroyed as their valuable gold and jewels were removed by looters, or the owners when in need of cash. Others survive without their jewels, and many are either no longer attached to a book, or have been moved to a different book. Some survive in major libraries - for example the Morgan Library in New York, the John Rylands Library in Manchester, the British Library in London and the Bibliothèque Nationale in Paris. As the carved ivory reliefs often used could not usually be recycled, these survive in much larger numbers, giving a better idea of the numbers of treasure bindings that once existed. Other examples are recorded in documentary sources but though the books survive the covers do not. The Book of Kells lost its binding after a robbery, and the fate of the missing cover of the Book of Lindisfarne is not recorded.
In the Eastern Orthodox churches treasure bindings have continued to be produced, mainly for liturgical Gospel books, up to the present day, and exist in many different artistic styles. Other styles of binding using gems, and typically pearls, have a covering of velvet or other textile, to which the gems are sewn or otherwise fixed. These were more likely to be for the private books of a grand person, especially the prayer books and books of hours of female royalty, and may also include embroidery.
Technique and Production.
The techniques for producing jewelled bookbinding have evolved over the course of history with the technologies and methods used in creating books. During the early Christian or Common Era around the fourth century, manuscripts on papyrus or vellum scrolls first became flattened and turned into books with cut pages tied together through holes punched in their margins. Beginning in the fifth century, books were sewn together in this manner using leather thongs to make the bind stronger and longer lasting with wooden boards placed on top and bottom to keep the pages flat. These thongs then came to be laced into the boards and covered entirely by leather.
Boards afforded the opportunity for decorative ornamentation, with metal casings set into the wood for the installation of precious gems, stones, and jewels. The cover material would then be laid over the casings by hand and cut around the rim of the casings to reveal the jewels. The books typically bound were Gospels and other religious books made for use within the church. In the Middle Ages, the responsibility of creating adorned books went to metalworkers and guilders, not the bookbinders, who worked with sheets of gold, silver, or copper to create jewelled and enamelled panels that were nailed separately into the wooden boards.
Other Forms.
Metalwork book furniture also included metal clasps holding the book shut when not in use, and isolated metal elements decorating a leather or cloth cover, which were very common in grander libraries in the later Middle Ages. Decorative book clasps or straps were made with jewels or repoussé metal from the 12th century onward, particularly in Holland and Germany. In Scotland and Ireland from the ninth century or earlier, books that were regarded as relics of monastic leaders were enshrined in a decorated metal reliquary box called a cumdach, and thereafter were probably not used as books. These were even carried into battle as a kind of standard, worn around the neck by a soldier like a protective amulet. Jewelled slipcases or boxes were also used to house small editions of the Qur’an during this time period.
In fashion in the 16th century were 'books of golde': small, devotional books adorned with jewelled or enamelled covers worn as a girdle or around the neck like pieces of jewellery by the English court. These pieces can be seen in portraits from the period and records of jewels from the reigns of Henry VIII and Edward VI.
History.
Treasure bindings were a luxury affordable only by wealthy elites, and were commissioned by wealthy private collectors, churches and senior clergy and royalty, and were often commissioned for presentation by or to royal or noble persons. The earliest reference to them is in a letter of Saint Jerome of 384, where he "writes scornfully of the wealthy Christian women whose books are written in gold on purple vellum, and clothed with gems...". From at least the 6th century they are seen in mosaics and other images, such as the 6th century icon of Christ Pantocrator from Saint Catherine's Monastery and the famous mosaic of Justinian I in the Basilica of San Vitale in Ravenna. The ivory panels often placed in the centre of covers were adapted from the style of consular diptychs, and indeed a large proportion of surviving examples of those were reused on book covers in the Middle Ages. Some bindings were created to contain relics of saints, and these large books were sometimes seen suspended from golden rods and carried in the public processions of Byzantine emperors. Especially in the Celtic Christianity of Ireland and Britain, relatively ordinary books that had belonged to monastic saints became treated as relics, and might be rebound with a treasure binding, or placed in a cumdach.
The gems and gold do not merely create an impression of richness, though that was certainly part of their purpose, but served both to offer a foretaste of the bejwelled nature of the Celestial city in religious contexts, and particular types of gem were believed to have actual powerful properties in various "scientific", medical and magical respects, as set out in the popular lapidary books. Several liturgical books given rich bindings can be shown by textual analysis to lack essential parts of the normal textual apparatus of a "working" version of their text, like the Book of Kells and the Codex Aureus of Echternach. They may have been used for readings at services, but in a monastery were essentially part of the furnishings of the church rather than the library, as records from the Abbey of Kells show, the book of Kells lived in the sacristry. 
Byzantine and Western medieval treasure bindings are often not entirely unified in style. Apart from being completed at different times, and sometimes in different countries, elements were also removed and readapted for other volumes or reset with new pieces as time passed. For example the covers now on the Lindau Gospels come from different parts of South Germany, with the lower or back cover created in the eighth century (earlier than the book they now adorn) while the upper or front cover was completed in the ninth century; both incorporate gilded metal ornamented with jewels. It is not known when they were first used on this manuscript.
Outside the monasteries, the emerging bookbinders’ guilds of the Middle Ages were often restricted by law with quantitative limitations on the application of jewels. Though this did not significantly affect the craft of decorating books, it did mandate the number of jewels allowed depending on the position or rank of the commissioner of the work. Hardly any early medieval English treasure bindings survived the dissolution of the monasteries and the English Reformation, when ecclesiastical libraries in England were rounded up and treasure bindings removed under an act to ‘to strip off and pay into the king’s treasury all gold and silver found on Popish books of devotion.’ Comparable depredations were not as thorough in the Continental Protestant Reformation, but most bindings survive from Catholic areas that avoided later war and revolutions.
Despite the commoditisation of book production due to the printing press, the artistic tradition of jewelled bookbinding continued in England, though less frequently and often in simpler designs. Luxury bindings were still favoured by the English Court, which is evident from the records on the private library of Queen Elizabeth I, who favoured velvet bindings. On a visit to the Royal Library in 1598, Paul Hentzner remarked on the books ‘bound in velvet of different colours, though chiefly red, with clasps of gold and silver; some have pearls, and precious stones, set in their bindings.’ Throughout the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, the style evolved to be one using velvet, satin, silk, and canvas in bookbinding decorated less with jewels and more with embroidery, metal threads, pearls, and sequins.
Revival.
After jewelled bookbinding enjoyed its renaissance, the practice waned until it experienced a revival near the turn of the twentieth century in England. Highly influential in the revival of this style were Francis Sangorski and George Sutcliffe of the Sangorski & Sutcliffe bindery. Their bindings were not large uncut gems as in Mediaeval times, but semi-precious stones "en cabochon" set into beautifully designed bindings with multi-coloured leather inlays and elaborate gilt tooling. The craftsmanship of these bindings was unsurpassable; only their competitors Riviere produced work of similar quality. The most famous of these bindings is "The Great Omar" (1909) on a large copy of FitzGerald's "Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam", which included good tooling, inlays of coloured leather, and 1050 jewels in a peacock design scheme. It went down with the "Titanic" in 1912. Today, a third reproduction of this binding is the only one to survive, after the second one, reproduced to Sutcliffe’s design by his nephew Stanley Bray, was damaged in the Blitz during World War II. Bray’s second attempt at recreating the design, the third version that survives, was placed in the British Library in 1989.
Other binderies creating books in this style during this period were the companies of Rivière and Zaehnsdorf. The largest collection of these masterpieces was the Phoebe Boyle one; over 100 jewelled bindings were sold in 1923. Jewelled bindings occasionally appear at auction; literature on them is surprisingly scant given their superb quality.
In 1998, Rob Shepherd of Shepherds Bookbinders bought both Zaehnsdorf and Sangorski & Sutcliffe. Presently, binding with jewels is a rare practice, and binding companies both large and small are finding the art form becoming less viable in today’s society. Bindings that exist today are housed in private collections or can be found in libraries and museums across the world.
External links.
The links listed below can take you to some currently exhibited examples of jewelled bookbinding in museums and galleries. 

</doc>
<doc id="2869876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869876" title="Anthony Lowther (died 1741)">
Anthony Lowther (died 1741)

Anthony Lowther (aft. 1694 – 24 November 1741) was the third and youngest son of John Lowther, 1st Viscount Lonsdale by his wife Katherine, daughter of Sir Henry Frederick Thynne, 1st Baronet (ancestor of the Marquesses of Bath).
Reputed one of the handsomest men of his day, Lowther was first returned to Parliament for Cockermouth in 1721 in a by-election upon the death of Lord Percy Seymour. This was arranged on the interest of the Lawsons of Isell. At the 1722 election, Sir Wilfrid Lawson took the Cockermouth seat himself, while Lowther was returned through his own family's interest for Westmorland.
In 1726 he obtained a position as commissioner of the revenue for Ireland, which he resigned in 1734, apparently out of pique at not receiving any greater preferment. He was supposed to have had a hand in stoking the discontent of his elder brother, Viscount Lonsdale, which led the latter to resign as Lord Privy Seal in 1735. Lowther opposed the Convention of Pardo in 1739. He did not stand in the 1741 election in May and died that November, unmarried.

</doc>
<doc id="2869879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869879" title="Charlene Spretnak">
Charlene Spretnak

Charlene Spretnak (born 1946) is an American author, known for her writings on ecology, politics, cultural history and spirituality. She is a prominent ecofeminist and a cofounder of the U.S. Green Party movement.
Biography.
Spretnak was born in Pittsburgh and raised in Columbus, Ohio. She earned degrees from St. Louis University and the University of California, Berkeley. She has written eight books, several of which have proposed an eco-social analysis and vision in the areas of social criticism (including feminism), cultural history, and religion and spirituality. Since the mid-1980s, her books have examined the multiple crises of modernity and have furthered the corrective efforts that are arising. Her book "Green Politics" (1984) was a major catalyst for the formation of the U.S. Green Party movement, of which she is a cofounder. In 2006 Charlene Spretnak was named by the British government's Environment Department as one of the "100 Eco-Heroes of All Time" for her writings on ecology, politics, and spirituality. In 2012 she received the Demeter Award for lifetime achievement as "one of the premier visionary feminist thinkers of our time" from the Association for the Study of Women and Mythology. She co-hosts a weekly radio program based on her book "Relational Reality" (2011), "All Together Now", on the Progressive Radio Network (prn.fm).
She is currently writing a book on the spiritual dynamic in modern and contemporary art (Palgrave Macmillan, 2014).

</doc>
<doc id="2869887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869887" title="Welsh whisky">
Welsh whisky

Welsh whisky (; alternative form: "chwisgi") is a whisky made in Wales. Whisky has been distilled in Wales since the Middle Ages, but production died out in the late 19th century. In the 1990s attempts were made to revive the practice, resulting in the establishment of Wales's first distillery in over one hundred years. Today Welsh whisky is represented by Penderyn.
History.
Wales has a long history of alcohol production; but distillation came in the Middle Ages.
"The Great Welsh Warrior" Reaullt Hir is said to have distilled "chwisgi" from braggot brewed by the monks of Bardsey Island in AD 356. These monks then allegedly developed the art of distilling further. However this is unlikely. The name "Reaullt" is a High Medieval loanword from Anglo-Norman French, so this name would not have been used before the eleventh century.
The medieval Welsh stories of "The Mabinogion" mention fermentation but not distillation; and the end of the "Mead Song" in a 16th-century manuscript of the sixth-century "Tales of Taliesin" mentions distillation, although mead is a fermented beverage.
Revival.
Manufacturing of whisky in Wales declined during the 19th century, with the commercial development of liquor discouraged by the rise of the temperance movement. The last notable distillery was established by R. J. Lloyd Price in 1887 at Frongoch. His company, the Welsh Whisky Distillery Company, was not a success and was sold in 1900 to William Owen of Bala for £5000. The company was finally liquidated in 1910.
In the 1990s entrepreneurs attempted to revive distillation in the country. The first attempts entailed bottling Scottish blends in Wales as "Welsh whisky", but a lawsuit by Scotch distillers ended the enterprise. In 2000 the foundation of the Welsh Whisky Company (now known as Penderyn) was announced. A distillery was built at Penderyn in the Brecon Beacons National Park. Production commenced in 2000 and the finished product, the first whisky commercially produced in Wales for a century, went on sale in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2869891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869891" title="Joseph W. Shepard">
Joseph W. Shepard

Joseph William Shepard, also known as J. W. Shepard (died December 7, 1946), was a pioneer in Collin County, Texas. Shepard was the son of Lewis Shepard and Mary Ann Huffman. He married Mollie Cathering Haggard and together they had six children. 
Shepard owned a thousand-acre (4 km²) ranch in the Collin County area. The Plano area became famous in the late 19th century for mule breeding. Shepard became well known for this and also for breeding registered horses and jacks. He shipped his mules throughout the United States, and to Mexico and Honduras.
In 1890, Shepard opened a general store on his ranch, and the farming town of Shepton developed in the vicinity of the store.
Shepard served on the local school board, the local church and was a civic leader in the area. In addition to the town of Shepton, Texas, Shepard Elementary School was also named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2869892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869892" title="Mohamed Kader">
Mohamed Kader

Mohamed Abdel-Kader Coubadja-Touré (born April 8, 1979 in Sokode) is a Togolese football forward.
International career.
A Togo international, he helped them reach the 2006 World Cup, their first World Cup ever. He further scored the team's first ever World Cup goal in a loss to South Korea. The goal was also Togo's only goal scored at the World Cup in Germany in 2006. Kader's star rose in his home country after he scored the late winner in the 1998 African Cup of Nations match against Ghana, thus securing Togo’s first ever win at the tournament. 
The forward later played in the 2000 and 2002 editions, as well as featuring in Togo's disappointing campaign in Egypt in 2006. On 13 June 2006, he made history by scoring Togo's first ever World Cup goal in their first group match against Korea Republic, with a well taken finish.
Club career.
After starting out with Étoile Filante de Lomé, he left Togo for CA Bizertin (Tunisia) before landing at AC Parma in Italy in 1998, from where he had loan spells at clubs in Switzerland, Egypt and Italy. In 2003/4 he scored 19 goals in 35 matches for Swiss outfit Servette and was elected best Togolese player abroad. Kader also played for Guingamp in France, but left the club in the summer of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2869893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869893" title="Lapland (Sweden)">
Lapland (Sweden)

Lappland, often Anglicized as Lapland (, Latin: "Lapponia"), is a province in northernmost Sweden. It borders Jämtland, Ångermanland, Västerbotten, Norrbotten, Norway and Finland. About a quarter of Sweden's surface area is in Lappland.
Lappland originally extended eastward. However, in 1809 the Russian Empire annexed the eastern part of the Swedish realm, and created the Grand Duchy of Finland, which in effect split Lappland into a Swedish part and a Finnish part, both of which still exist today.
Administration.
The traditional provinces of Sweden serve no administrative or political purposes but are cultural and historical entities. Administratively, Lapland constitutes the western part of two counties of Sweden, Norrbotten County in the north and Västerbotten County in the south. In contrast to most other areas of Sweden, there is more of an identification with the "counties" rather than to "provinces". Thus, most people in these counties refer to the entire county, including the areas in Lapland, when they say 'Norrbotten' or 'Västerbotten'.
Citizens of Sami descent are eligible to stand and vote in elections for the Swedish Sami Parliament, which is the case with Sami people elsewhere in Sweden as well. Sami language has an official minority status in Kiruna Municipality, Gällivare Municipality, Jokkmokk Municipality and Arjeplog Municipality.
Population.
As of December 31, 2009, the population of Swedish Lappland is 94,350. Together with the rest of historical Lapland, the sum of the population is approximately 125,000. The largest city is Kiruna (, ) with 18,154 inhabitants.
Heraldry.
Lappland itself was never considered a duchy but on January 18, 1884 the Privy Council gave all Provinces the right of use to a ducal coronet for their arms. Blazon Swedish version: "Argent, a Wildman statant Gules wrapped with birch leaves Vert on the head and around the waist holding a Club Or in dexter over the shoulder." The wildman used to be depicted with more features, impressively drawn muscles and a dour expression on his face..
The wildman wielding a club as heraldic symbol of Lappland first appeared at the coronation of Charles IX of Sweden in 1607, then at the same king's burial in 1611. The colour red of his skin was decided only in 1949; before then various colours had been used (natural skin colour in the first half of the 20th century). The wildman, though unusual in heraldry, is an old symbol of the uncivilized north and appeared in books and woodcuts of the 16th century.
Geography.
Parts of Lappland have been named a UNESCO World heritage site, the Laponian area, and the province contains some of the oldest and most spectacular national parks of northern Europe, e.g. Sarek National Park, established in 1909. Lappland has an area of 109,702 square km (ca 42,300 sq miles), almost equal to Portugal.
History.
The history of Lappland is in many ways connected to the history of Norrbotten County and Västerbotten County, since Lappland is a historic region connected to these counties. During the Middle Ages, Norrbotten/Lappland was considered a no man's land. The area was in fact populated by nomadic Sami people, but the region became increasingly settled by Swedish, Finnish and Norwegian settlers - especially along the coasts and large rivers. From the Middle Ages on, the Swedish kings tried to colonize and Christianize the area using settlers from what is now Finland and southern Sweden. Today, despite large-scale assimilation into the dominant Swedish culture, Finnish and Sami minorities continue to maintain their cultures and identities.
In religion, nonetheless, in the 17th and 18th centuries the Lapplanders generally left their original shamanism and converted to Lutheranism. Since the 19th century, Lapland has been particularly characterized by Laestadian Lutheranism.
During the industrialization of Sweden, natural resources (hydroelectricity, timber and minerals) from Lappland and surrounding provinces played a key role. Still, mining, forestry and hydroelectric power are the backbone of the local economy, together with municipal services. The unemployment has however been relatively high for several decades and many young people leave for the larger cities by the coast or in southern Sweden.
Sports.
Football in the province is administered by Norrbottens Fotbollförbund and Västerbottens Fotbollförbund.

</doc>
<doc id="2869896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869896" title="List of craters on the Moon, R–S">
List of craters on the Moon, R–S

This is a subset of the list of craters on the Moon. Where a crater formation has associated satellite craters, these are detailed on the main crater description pages.

</doc>
<doc id="2869900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869900" title="Ljubiša Jokić">
Ljubiša Jokić

Ljubiša Jokić (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубиша Јокић) (born 24 September 1958) is a former general in the Military of Serbia and Montenegro.
He was born in Plav, Yugoslavia, now Montenegro. He finished Air force academy and other army schools. He was a pilot and flight instructor.
In his career, he performed duties of commander of air force brigade, commander of the Golubovci Airbase, chief of the military cabinet of the president of Serbia and Montenegro, secretary of the Supreme defence council of Serbia and Montenegro and assistant of the defense minister.

</doc>
<doc id="2869911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869911" title="The Harafish">
The Harafish

The Harafish () (in orig. Arabic "Malhamat al-harafish") is a novel written by Naguib Mahfouz. It comprises a series of episodes in a dozen generations of a family from the Egyptian urban rabble (the "harafish"). Many of the members of this family become clan chiefs in an alley in the city; some of them are benefactors to the other members of the harafish; some are more corrupt. Neither the location within Egypt nor the time of the events is ever identified.

</doc>
<doc id="2869913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869913" title="Milton Keynes Kings">
Milton Keynes Kings

Milton Keynes Kings were an Ice Hockey team based in Milton Keynes from 1990 to 1996 in the British Hockey League (BHL), and from 1998 to 2002 in the English Premier Ice Hockey League (EPIHL). Following a dispute with the Planet Ice Arena in Milton Keynes, the team relocated to Solihull, where they became Solihull MK Kings for a while. The team was wound up in May 2003.
The Solihull franchise was taken by the (new) Solihull Barons in 1996.
Milton Keynes Lightning took over a semi-professional league spot at Planet Ice soon after.

</doc>
<doc id="2869922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869922" title="Buried Inside">
Buried Inside

Buried Inside was a Canadian band from Ottawa, Canada.
Formed in 1997, they were influenced by early metalcore and hardcore punk bands such as Acme, One Eyed God Prophecy, Drift, and Union of Uranus. Their sound included distorted vocals, creatively timed drumming, heavy use of octave double stops (which created a very melodic effect), and occasional sampling of gloomy film dialogue or instruments such as the cello. In 2005 they signed to Relapse Records and put out their "concept" album, "Chronoclast". In 2009 they released their fourth album, "Spoils of Failure". They played their final show on November 13th, 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="2869923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869923" title="Rimas Kurtinaitis">
Rimas Kurtinaitis

Rimas Kurtinaitis (born May 15, 1960 in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR, USSR) is a professional basketball coach, current head coach of the Khimki, retired Soviet and Lithuanian basketball player who was a member of the USSR and Lithuanian national basketball teams. He played as a shooting guard and is the only non-NBA player to participate in the NBA All-Star Three Point Contest in 1989. He is 196 cm (6 ft 5 in) tall. His former teams include Žalgiris Kaunas, CSKA Moscow, and Real Madrid. Kurtinaitis was also the first European player to play as an import in Australia's National Basketball League, playing for the Townsville Suns in 1993.
In 1997 he was named to the Lithuanian Ministry of Sport, and in 2003 he took the position of head coach of the Azerbaijan national basketball team.
He became BC Sakalai head coach during the mid-2000s (decade). In December 2007 he became head coach of Polish men's Śląsk Wrocław basketball team. In 2008 he became head coach of BC Lietuvos Rytas with whom he won the 2009 Eurocup Basketball title in the Final-Eight tournament in Turin (Torino), Italy in a game against Khimky Moscow Region (Final score 80–74). In 2012 Kurtinaitis won Eurocup again, this time with BC Khimki. As of 2012, he is the only coach to win the Eurocup twice. In June 21, 2012, Rimas Kurtinaitis was named as the best Eurocup coach of all time.
Awards and achievements.
As player:
As coach:

</doc>
<doc id="2869925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869925" title="Paraguayan Football Association">
Paraguayan Football Association

The Paraguayan Football Association ( or ) is the governing body of football in Paraguay. It organizes the Paraguayan football league and the Paraguay national football team, and is based in the Paraguayan capital, Asunción. In 1906, the representatives of the five existing football teams in Paraguay at that time (Olimpia, Guaraní, Libertad, General Díaz, and Nacional) met to create the governing body of football in Paraguay, the Paraguayan Football League. In 1988 its name was changed to its current denomination.
Presidents.
Liga Paraguaya de Football Association
Liga Paraguaya de Football
Liga Paraguaya de Fútbol
Asociación Paraguaya de Fútbol

</doc>
<doc id="2869926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869926" title="Goose Island, New York">
Goose Island, New York

Goose Island is a hamlet in Washington County, New York, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2869937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869937" title="Armenak Petrosyan">
Armenak Petrosyan

Armenak Petrosyan (, born on 13 November 1973 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is a retired Armenian football goalkeeper. He is a former goalkeeper and captain of the Iranian Premier League side Sepahan Esfahan. He was also a former goalkeeper of the Armenia national team.
Club career.
Armenak was the goalkeeper of Ararat Yerevan as a youngster, but soon moved to Iran, where he spent most of his career at Sepahan Esfahan. He also played for another Esfahani club, Zob Ahan for two seasons. In 2007 he joined Azadegan League club, Shahrdari Bandar Abbas.
International career.
Armenak has made 7 appearances for Armenia since his debut in 1994 against the United States. The match against the USA was Armenia's second match after its independence, therefore Armenak is one of the first goalkeepers to play for Armenia as an independent country.

</doc>
<doc id="2869951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869951" title="Flag of Bonaire">
Flag of Bonaire

The flag of Bonaire has a large blue triangle in the lower right corner and a smaller yellow triangle in the upper left corner. It was adopted on 11 December 1981.
The triangles are separated by a white strip, inside of which are a black compass and a red six-pointed star. The blue and yellow triangles represent the sea and sun respectively while the dividing white strip represents the sky. The colors red, white, and blue also show Bonaire's loyalty to the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The black compass represents the population of Bonaire who come from the four corners of the world.
The red six-pointed star represents the original six villages of Bonaire - Antriol, Nikiboko, Nort Saliña, Playa, Rincon and Tera Korá.
Noted vexillologist Whitney Smith was involved in developing the flag's design.

</doc>
<doc id="2869957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869957" title="James Middlebrook">
James Middlebrook

James Middlebrook (born 13 March 1977, Leeds, Yorkshire, England) is an English first-class cricketer, currently playing for Northamptonshire County Cricket Club. He is an all-rounder, who bats right-handed and bowls off spin.
Career.
Middlebrook made his first-class debut in the 1998 English cricket season with Yorkshire, but was released by them in 2001. In 2002 he plied his trade with Essex, taking 32 first-class wickets and 20 one day wickets. Middlebrook joined Northamptonshire for the start of the 2010 season. In January 2010, Middlebrook along with new team-mate David Sales, was picked to represent the MCC against Durham in Abu Dhabi.

</doc>
<doc id="2869960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869960" title="Bakari Koné">
Bakari Koné

Bakari Koné (born 17 September 1981 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Qatar Stars League club Umm Salal as a winger.
Club career.
Early career.
Like many other Ivorian stars, he began his career at the famed youth academy at ASEC Mimosas, run by Frenchman Jean-Marc Guillou in his home country. Guillou recalls: ""One day, when I was passing through his district, some kids stopped me. They kept saying, ‘We’ve got Pelé living here, you’ve got to take a look at him’. Then Kone came along. He was slightly built but I never doubted for one moment that he was a real find. I took him into the academy after a trial of just ten minutes, but I did tell him that the Pele nickname would have to go. That's when he became Baky, and I think it's better that way.""
Koné stayed at the academy for five years before joining the first team squad and turning professional in 1999. During his time with the ASEC first team Bakari won the Ivorian League three times, and also the African Supercup before moving on.
In 2002, he joined Qatari club Al-Ittihad, staying in the Gulf for just six months, before moving to France where he joined the then Ligue 2 outfit FC Lorient following a successful trial. It was here that Koné rose to fame. In his first season at the club he scored a respectable 10 goals, but then bagged an impressive 24 in 35 appearances in the 2004–05 season, earning him the "Player of the Year" and "Top Scorer" titles in the Ligue 2. At the end of the season, Lorient narrowly missed out on promotion to Ligue 1, and with speculation mounting linking the Ivorian to top flight sides such as OSC Lille, RC Strasbourg and AJ Auxerre, Koné received a standing ovation in his final appearance for his club. In the summer, Bakari finally made his move, relocating to the French Riviera at top flight side OGC Nice, where he signed a four-year contract.
OGC Nice.
Bakari made his Nice debut against Troyes on 30 July 2005. In his first season at the club, he made 32 appearances, scoring seven times, and eight goals in 33 appearances in his second. In his second season at the club, English side Arsenal's manager Arsène Wenger labelled him a 'phenomenon' and one of the hottest prospects in French football, leading to speculation that the forward would be playing in the English Premiership.
Bakari made an impressive start to the 2007–08 season for Nice. After signing a contract extension to 2009 with the Côte d'Azur side, he went on to score four times in his first eight appearances for the club. He won the Ligue 1 player of the month award for both September and October 2007, and finished the 2007–08 Ligue 1 season top scorer for his club, after netting 14 goals in 30 appearances for the Côte d'Azur outfit.
In June 2008, Koné began talks with French giants Olympique de Marseille with a view to move to the club. The proposed transfer was held up however, with a disagreement over the fee, a situation which caused Koné to miss pre-season training at OGC Nice apparently as a protest. The striker spoke out to state that he had been carrying an injury.
The saga went further, with Nice president Maurice Cohen stating that their south-coast rivals had till 15 July to sign the striker, otherwise the club would speak to other interested parties. One reportedly interested club was capital club Paris Saint-Germain.
The striker was quoted as saying: ""I know that this is going to get sorted out but I can't tell you when. If we talk about (the) 15 July (deadline)...I'm not worried about that.""
Marseille president Pape Diouf echoed Koné's comments, stating: ""Ultimatums not only fail to impress me, but they also never provide a solution. Now, concerning Baki, it doesn't just depend on us but on the wishes of the two clubs and, in particular, the two presidents. Personally I think that good sense can do a lot in this case. I remain calm.""
On 17 July, Thursday, Koné spoke to the media once again regarding his drawn-out transfer saga. He stated: ""It's heading down a good road, I hope that it is all going to be done quickly. The important thing is that the two clubs reach an understanding.""
Olympique de Marseille.
On 18 July, it was announced on the official Marseille website that the transfer of the diminutive striker had been completed. The striker commented: ""Marseille is a big club. It's a club that has proven its qualities in the past and continues to do it today. I wanted to take part in that.""
In March 2009 Koné was named Ivorian Player of the Year, ahead of FC Barcelona midfielder Yaya Touré.
Lekhwiya.
On 26 May 2010, Koné signed for Qatar League side Lekhwiya along with his Ivorian teammate Aruna Dindane.
In the 2010-11 Qatar Stars League season, Koné led Lekhwiya to their first ever league championship. He was also named best player of the season by QFA.
Qatar SC.
On 18 May 2012, Koné signed a one year contract with Qatar SC.
International career.
Koné made his international debut for the Ivorian national team against Sudan on 5 September 2004.
He was part of the Ivorian team for the 2006 African Cup of Nations in Egypt. He scored a vital equaliser against Cameroon in the quarter-final. His team won the penalty shootout 12–11. However, in the final, he was one of two Ivorian players to have his penalty saved as the Ivorians lost to hosts Egypt.
The forward was selected as part of the Ivorian side for the 2006 World Cup in Germany. He was given the number 14 shirt, and played his first match for Côte d'Ivoire against the Netherlands on 16 June 2006. He scored his first World Cup goal in that match, where Côte d' Ivoire lost 2–1.
Koné was also selected as part of the Ivorian squad for the 2008 African Cup of Nations in Ghana. He made four substitute appearances for the Elephants, and scored once against West African rivals Guinea in the quarter final stage, where the Ivorians ran out 5–1 winners.
He was also selected in the preliminary Côte d'Ivoire squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, but was eventually dropped along with Gilles Yapi Yapo and Emerse Fae, who played with him in the 2006 World Cup.
Personal life.
Koné has nine brothers and five sisters. He is the older brother of fellow Ivorian international Arouna Koné, who is a striker for English Premier League club Everton FC.
He also has another brother who plays football, Karamoko Koné, who is part of the reserve team setup at Dutch Eredivisie club Roda JC.

</doc>
<doc id="2869964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869964" title="Lorraine Bethel">
Lorraine Bethel

Lorraine Bethel is an African-American lesbian feminist poet and author. She is a graduate of Yale University.
Bethel has taught and lectured on black women's literature and black female culture at various institutions. She currently works as a freelance journalist in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="2869965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869965" title="Claire Voyant (band)">
Claire Voyant (band)

Claire Voyant is a indie pop/downtempo band from Sacramento, California. The trio were once part of a 5-piece band called Murmur, which split over creative differences. Their 1995 debut, Claire Voyant, has been followed by three more studio albums, "Time and the Maiden" in 1998, "Love Is Blind" in 2002 and "Lustre" in 2009, each introducing new elements making each a distinct work of its own. They are currently signed to Metropolis Records.
Lloyd also contributes to electropop artists HMB and Mono Chrome. Ross also contributes to HMB.
Murmur and Claire.
Prior to the formation of Claire Voyant, its three members were in another band called Murmur. They realized that Chris could do everything that the bass player and drummer did (and more) with a synthesizer and a drum machine, so the trio left Murmur to start their own band. They had a difficult time finding a new name; many of the ideas they came up with had already been taken. Eventually, Victoria got the name Claire Voyant from a 1940s comic strip. The band felt the name fit the music they made, and they liked the wordplay, so the moniker stuck. They released their debut in 1995 on their own independent label, Nocturne. They then sent the album to Projekt records, who then forwarded it to the German label Hyperium Records. Hyperium included Claire's song "Her" on their "Heavenly Voices IV" compilation album, which garnered Claire a lot of publicity in Europe. Hyperium reissued the album, and went on to distribute their next album, "Time and the Maiden". Their third album, "Love Is Blind", was released in 2002 on Philadelphia indie label Metropolis, who had by then re-released "Time and the Maiden" with bonus tracks for the US market. On September 22, 2009, its fourth studio album, "Lustre", the first in seven years, was released.

</doc>
<doc id="2869968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869968" title="Hauswurz">
Hauswurz

Hauswurz is a village in Hesse, Germany. It is east of Fulda, ca. 100 km north of Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="2869974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869974" title="Certificate in Financial Studies">
Certificate in Financial Studies

The IFS Level 3 Certificate in Financial Studies is an educational qualification in finance offered principally in the United Kingdom. It counts for up to 60 UCAS tariff points depending on the grade, making it the equivalent of an AS-level. It consists of three examinations taken throughout the year. The exams for the first two modules can either be completed using a computer or pen and paper and are marked electronically, these exams are multiple choice whereas the last module is a written exam involving case studies. The Certificate in Financial Studies is produced by the Institute of Financial Services (IFS) and can be followed by the Diploma in Financial Studies if desired.
Board Certification in Finance for college graduates from accredited business schools is available from the American Academy of Financial Management.

</doc>
<doc id="2869979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869979" title="Benjamin F. Prescott">
Benjamin F. Prescott

Benjamin Franklin Prescott (February 26, 1833 – February 21, 1895) was an American lawyer, newspaper editor, and politician from Epping, New Hampshire. Born in Epping, he served two terms as a governor of New Hampshire. He died in Concord, New Hampshire.
He was an alumnus and trustee of Dartmouth College.

</doc>
<doc id="2869980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869980" title="Sheffield Scimitars">
Sheffield Scimitars

Sheffield Scimitars were a semi-professional English ice hockey team, formed originally in 1986 as an Under 21 side. They initially played at the small 500 capacity Sheffield Ice Sports Centre, and became a senior side in the 1990s, playing in the ENIHL. Since then the team moved to the iceSheffield complex, where they became successful in the ENIHL and made the step-up to the EPL in 2005–06. Their mascot is a male hockey player with a large smiling head named "Scimmy", shirt number 00.
In July 2010, the team ceased operations, and was replaced by the Sheffield Steeldogs, who took over the Scimitars spot in the EPL.

</doc>
<doc id="2869982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869982" title="Galvão Bueno">
Galvão Bueno

Carlos Eduardo dos Santos Galvão Bueno, known as Galvão Bueno (), is a Brazilian on-air personality and nationwide play-by-play announcer for Rede Globo, where he hosts Formula One races, Brazil national football team matches, key Brazilian football championship matches and top sporting events.
Personal life.
Born on July 21, 1950, in the city of Rio de Janeiro to the actress Mildred dos Santos and journalist Aldo Viana Galvão Bueno, Galvão moved to São Paulo with his family when he was 6. There, as a teenager, he began practicing equestrianism, volleyball, football, handball, swimming and karting. At age 15, he moved to Brasília where he met Lúcia, who would become his first wife. He studied business administration and economy but dropped out to start physical education. In 1974, he was working in the plastic industry, but maintained his passion for sports.
In 2000, he married Desirée Soares with whom he lives in Londrina, Paraná. They have a son, Luca. He is also the father of racing drivers Carlos "Cacá" Bueno and Paulo "Popó" Bueno, both racing in the Brazilian Stock Car series from his first marriage with Lúcia.
Career.
Bueno won a contest to become a radio sports commentator and began his career in 1974 commentating football matches and Formula 1 racing for Radio Gazeta. After three years, he moved to work on TV for Rede Record. Soon after, he moved to work for TV Bandeirantes and TV Guanabara hosting the nationwide Formula 1 racing coverage in Brazil. In 1983, he also started announcing football matches for TV Bandeirantes and his remarkable style was quickly praised by Brazilians. Galvão moved to Rede Globo where he continued hosting Formula 1 and football, but in 1992 he left to become the head of the sports department at OM (now CNT). One year later, he moved back to Globo, where he heads the sports department and hosts Formula One races, Brazil national football team matches, key Brazilian football championship matches and top sporting events.
Because of his long and successful career, Brazilians associate him with the many major sporting events he hosted while being the on-air announcer on TV, such as his friend Ayrton Senna's three world championships, his fatal crash during the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix and the 1994 and 2002 FIFA World Cup wins by Brazil. He has hosted the last five FIFA World Cups for Rede Globo.
Style.
Bueno's style is flashy, pointed with superlative adjectives, and a passionate approach. His ardent and unilateral approach when hosting international events with the presence of a Brazilian team or Brazilian athletes has generated both sympathy and controversy. Critics highlight the large number of on-air mistakes committed by the host, added to a high degree of rudeness while off-camera. Some of his bloopers both on and off-camera have become internet phenomena in websites such as YouTube.
In football events, he is usually supported by the former referees José Roberto Wright and Arnaldo Cézar Coelho, and former footballers Walter Casagrande and Paulo Roberto Falcão.
Cala a boca Galvão (Internet meme).
Cala a boca Galvão ("Shut up Galvão", in Portuguese) was an Internet meme spread by Brazilians via Twitter on 11 June 2010 called by The New York Times "one of history's most successful cyberpranks." The phenomenon started during the opening ceremony of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Bueno, the host and play-by-play announcer for Rede Globo's national broadcast of the World Cup, was met with criticism from Brazilian viewers and "Cala a boca Galvão" started to spread on Brazilian Twitter pages. After the expression became the most popular Twitter topic in Brazil, Brazilians increased the number of posts containing those words both as a joke and a protest against Bueno.
International reaction from non-Brazilians was generally confusing, with first hoaxes claiming it was a movement to save a Brazilian bird mostly because of the similarity between the words Galvão and "Gavião", Portuguese for hawk. A fake Twitter account named galvaoinstitute was set up as a joke for non-Portuguese speakers to repeat the sentence "CALA BOCA GALVÃO", claiming US$0.10 would be donated to save the bird each time those words were replied. Later, a YouTube video was uploaded in order to support the hoax.
A second wave of jokes started when Brazilian users claimed "Cala Boca Galvão" was a new single by Lady Gaga aimed at saving those birds. Some Brazilian websites added lyrics of the fake song, which repeats "Cala a boca Galvão" in a way similar to the chorus of Gaga's song "Alejandro" mixed with lines about saving birds. Brazilian writer Paulo Coelho played another joke by claiming that "CALA BOCA GALVÃO" was a homeopathic medicine also known as "SILENTIUM GALVANUS", making a reference for the commentator to stay quiet.
On 13 June 2010, the hoax gained magnificent proportions when Brazilian Twitter users started tweeting messages containing the expression "CALA BOCA GALVÃO" along with the name of several Brazilian personalities such as Gisele Bündchen, Diogo Nogueira, Ana Maria Braga and Fernanda Souza. The expression "Pobres Australianos" ("Poor Australians" in Portuguese, as a reference to the 4-0 defeat to Germany in the World Cup) was also added to the hoax when Brazilians claimed it was another single by Lady Gaga aimed at saving the fictional Galvão bird.
At 01:20 UTC on 14 June 2010, the top 7 Global Trending topics on Twitter referred to the Cala a boca Galvão meme, topping expressions related to the World Cup and NBA Finals which were happening at that time. Brazilian Twitter users soon began spreading another tweet which reads "CALA BOCA GALVÃO is the biggest internal joke in history. A whole country is laughing and the rest of the world doesn't understand anything." This last tweet, re-tweeted by Brazilians, helped to keep the meme active and on the top of the Trending Topics.
The global proportion of this hoax resulted in articles written all over the world, in several different languages, explaining the joke played by Brazilians from blogs to El País and The New York Times. Wikipedia itself was also included in the hoax when pages Galvao bird and Cala-boca-galvao were created to support the fictional bird Galvão. The two articles were promptly deleted. The increased number of Internet users interested in the expression also resulted in an increased popularity of Flash-based minigames aimed at "shutting up" the character representing Galvão Bueno. Even Jimmy Wales, co-founder and promoter of Wikipedia, quoted the internet meme during his summit at "info@trends", in São Paulo.
During Brazil's first match in the World Cup, against North Korea, a sign displaying "CALA BOCA GALVÃO!" could be seen in the first minutes of the game, and was caught by the official broadcasting. It was soon removed, though.

</doc>
<doc id="2869987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869987" title="Raccoon eyes">
Raccoon eyes

Raccoon eye/eyes (also known in the UK and Ireland as panda eyes, though that term commonly refers to excess or smeared dark make-up around the eyes, or to dark rings around the eyes) or periorbital ecchymosis is a sign of basal skull fracture, a craniotomy that ruptured the meninges, or (rarely) certain cancers. Bilateral subconjunctival hemorrhage occurs when damage at the time of a facial fracture tears the meninges and causes the venous sinuses to bleed into the arachnoid villi and the cranial sinuses. In layman's terms, blood from skull fracture seeps into the soft tissue around the eyes. Raccoon eyes may be accompanied by Battle's sign, an ecchymosis behind the ear. These signs may be the only sign of a skull fracture, as it may not show on an X-ray. They may not appear until up 2–3 days after the injury. It is recommended that the patient not blow their nose, cough vigorously, or strain to prevent further tearing of the meninges.
Racoon eyes may be bilateral or unilateral. If bilateral, it is highly suggestive of basilar skull fracture, with a positive predictive value of 85%. Most often associated with fractures of the anterior cranial fossa. 
Raccoon eyes may also be a sign of disseminated neuroblastoma or of amyloidosis (multiple myeloma). 
Depending on cause, raccoon eyes always require urgent consultation and management, that is surgical (facial fracture or post-craniotomy) or medical (neuroblastoma or amyloidosis).

</doc>
<doc id="2869988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869988" title="Maureen Duffy">
Maureen Duffy

Maureen Patricia Duffy (born 21 October 1933 in Worthing, Sussex) is a contemporary British novelist, poet, and playwright, and author of nonfiction.
Duffy's work has often used Freudian ideas and Greek mythology as a framework. Her writing is distinctive for its use of contrasting voices, or streams of consciousness, often including the perspectives of outsiders. Her novels have been linked to a European tradition of literature which explores reality through the use of language and questioning, rather than through traditional linear narrative. James Joyce in particular, and Modernism in general, are significant influences on her fiction, as is Joyce Cary. 'Maureen Duffy has inspired many other writers and proved that the English novel need not be realistic and domestic, but can be fantastical, experimental and political.' Her writing in all forms is noted for her 'eye for detail and ear for language' and 'powerful intense imagery'.
Her early plays often depict working class life, with humour and evocative language, and she joined the Royal Court writers' group at a time when the social realist school, associated with such playwrights as John Osborne and Arnold Wesker, was transforming British drama. Some of her plays have been described as 'anarchic...dealing with taboo subjects..."total theater" reminiscent of the ideas of Antonin Artaud and Jean Genet, employing Brechtian techniques'. Jean-Paul Sartre is also an influence on her drama.
Maureen Duffy's love of London, present and past, and of its cosmopolitan inhabitants, often features in her writing; which celebrates diversity, regardless of class, nationality, ethnicity, gender, sexuality or species. She advocates 'an ethic of compassion' towards human and animal rights.
Youth.
Maureen Duffy had a tough childhood, on which she draws in "That's How It Was", her most autobiographical novel. Her working class roots, experience of 'class and cultural division' and close relationship with her mother are key influences on her work. Her family came from Stratford in East London, where Duffy went to live at the age of 14, when her mother died. Her father was Irish, an important strand in her identity, but left when she was two months old. She developed an early passion for reading 'stories of Ancient Greece and Rome, folk tales of Ireland and Wales, tales of knightly chivalry and poetry...' 
Inspired by her mother, who, Duffy recalls, 'early on instilled in me that the one thing they can't take away from you is education', she completed her schooling; and supported herself - before she went to university - by teaching in junior schools. At King's College London, she gained a degree in English in 1956; then taught in Naples till 1958, and in secondary schools in the London area till 1961.
Return to top of page
Early writing career - poetry and drama.
Duffy's earliest ambition was to be a poet. She won her first poetry prize at the age of 17, with a poem printed in "Adam" magazine; soon followed by publication in "The Listener" and elsewhere. She later edited a poetry magazine called "the sixties" (1960-1).
While at King's she completed her first full length play, "Pearson", and submitted it to a competition judged by Kenneth Tynan, drama critic at the "Observer". This resulted in an invitation to join the Royal Court Writers Group, which she did in 1958, when the members included Edward Bond, Ann Jellicoe, John Arden, William Gaskill and Arnold Wesker.
Duffy started writing full-time after being commissioned by Granada Television to write a screenplay "Josie" - broadcast on ITV in 1961 as part of the Younger Generation series - about a teenage girl, hoping to break out of factory work, by pursuing her talent for fashion design. The advance of £450 enabled Duffy to buy a houseboat to live in. "Pearson" won the Corporation of London Festival Playwright's Prize in 1962, and was performed, under the title "The Lay Off", at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. The play drew on Duffy's student experience of vacation jobs in factories, and "Pearson" / "The Lay Off", a modern reworking of "Piers Plowman", is also an early example of Duffy's inclusion of black characters in prominent roles, and of her opposition to racism. The set for "Room for Us All" recreates a small block of flats, with the residents interacting, and the audience looking in as each one is lit up. "Two and Two Makes Five" is about a teacher, disillusioned by the constraints of school culture at the time, deciding to quit the profession.
Maureen Duffy's play, "The Silk Room", about a male pop group, was produced at the Palace Theatre Watford in 1966 An episode of TV drama "Sanctuary" was commissioned by Associated Rediffusion and broadcast on ITV in 1967.
Return to top of page
Becoming a novelist.
Her first novel, written at the suggestion of a publisher, "That's How It Was" (1962), was published to great acclaim. While many reviewers focused on its vivid depiction of a working class childhood, Duffy also emphasised that her goal was to show the influences which could form a writer, and those which could encourage a preference for same-sex love.
Duffy's first openly gay novel was "The Microcosm" (1966), set in and around the famous lesbian Gateways Club in London (renamed the House of Shades). It was the first novel to depict a wide range of contrasting gay women of different ages, classes and ethnicities - and historical periods - to make its point that 'there are dozens of ways of being queer'. Widely reviewed, it became a bestseller, and was also inspiring to lesbian readers, including U.A. Fanthorpe and Mary McIntosh.
Duffy's other early novels deal with the life of creative artists. "The Single Eye" (1964), is about a talented photographer, who gradually realises that his wife has become his rival, a restriction which is holding back his life and his art, and that for the sake of his creativity and his identity, he must leave her. "The Paradox Players" (1967), about a writer, draws on Duffy's experience of living on a houseboat. It shows the attractions of the freer life of this alternative community, together with the shortcomings that go with it (including rats in the food cupboard). The paradox lies in the difficulty of sustaining this as a permanent lifestyle, as the pressures of the outside world break through.
Return to top of page
Writing career since 1968.
Plays.
In 1968, Maureen Duffy was one of five women novelists commissioned by Joan Plowright to write a play for the National Theatre with an all-female cast. Duffy's play "Rites" was selected for a second run at the Old Vic, then home of the National Theatre and has been frequently performed since. Set in ladies' public toilets, it climaxes with an attack by a group of women on a 'male' who is discovered, too late, to be a woman in a suit. It is described by the author as 'black farce...pitched between fantasy and naturalism.' 
" Rites" was performed with "Old Tyme" and "Solo" at the ADC Theatre in Cambridge in 1970. Its sequel "Washouse", was set in a launderette run by a male to female transsexual. All these plays had contemporary settings, but drew for their themes on Greek or Roman myths (the Bacchae, children of Uranus, Narcissus, Venus and Diana).
In 1971 Duffy was commissioned to write the second episode of ITV series "Upstairs Downstairs". Her play about the last hour of Virginia Woolf's life, "A Nightingale in Bloomsbury Square", was performed in 1973 at the Hampstead Theatre Club and also featured Vita Sackville West and Freud, as imagined by Virginia.
Duffy's radio plays, broadcast by the BBC, include "The Passionate Shepherdess" about Aphra Behn (1977), and "Only Goodnight" (1981), about Edith Somerville and Violet Martin (Martin Ross). "Family Trees" (1984) dealt with family history research. "Afterword", a witty two hander about a writer under pressure from a benefits officer (written as a response to Vaclav Havel's play "Conversation") was performed by Manchester University Drama Society in 1983. "Megrim", set in a mythical matriarchy in the Welsh mountains, was performed at King Alfred's School of Speech and Drama, Winchester in 1984. "The Masque of Henry Purcell" was staged at Southwark Playhouse in London in 1995; and "Sappho Singing" was performed in London in 2010 and in Brighton in 2011.
"Rites" and "A Nightingale in Bloomsbury Square" have been published. Typescripts of other plays are accessible to researchers in the King's College London Archive. A survey and analysis of Duffy's drama is available in Kay, Lucy (2005).
Return to top of page
Poetry.
Duffy's first volume of poetry was published in 1968, with seven books appearing in total, most recently "Environmental Studies" (2013), which was long-listed for the Green Carnation Prize. Her "Collected Poems,1949–84" appeared in 1985.
Her poetry ranges widely: varying in form from the villanelle to free verse, and in content from erotic and lyrical love poetry to a humanist mass; family memories to political comment. Her work often references earlier poets from a contemporary angle, as in 'Piers Plowless'.
Alison Hennegan credits Maureen Duffy with 'the first modern lesbian love poems, unabashed and unapologetic. They showed what was possible.' 
The 'major concern' of Duffy's poetry is 'sympathy for the human (or animal) condition, devoid of sentimentality or condescension.' 
Return to top of page
Fiction.
"Wounds" (1969) creates a mosaic of London life through interweaving the voices of a wide range of characters including a black mother, a local politician, and a gay theatre director, whose lives are contrasted to the uplifting experience of two passionate lovers, whose encounters recur throughout the book. "Love Child" (1971) features a narrator whose gender is unstated, Kit, a child whose deep jealousy of its mother's relationship with her lover Ajax (also of unknown gender) has tragic consequences: an Oedipal theme. Kit has also been identified with Cupid, and the mother with Venus.
Duffy's trilogy about London continues with "Capital" (1975). The lives of a professor, Emery, and the self-educated homeless eccentric Meepers are intertwined around 'Queen's' (a fictionalised version of King's College), and interspersed with narratives of Londoners of various periods, including 14th century prostitutes and Stone Age hunters. "Capital" was seen by many reviewers as her most impressive novel to date: and Lorna Sage noted that 'her writing was becoming altogether more carnivalesque - more deadpan and more comic.' The third of the trilogy, "Londoners: an Elegy" (1983), deals, often with dry humour, with the challenges of the contemporary writing world, through the eyes of a narrator of unspecified gender, who is writing about Francois Villon. "Londoners" is also inspired by Dante's Inferno, and draws parallels with Villon's medieval Paris; and is also notable for its depiction of gay pubs and characters.
"Change" (1987) is set in World War II, and includes a group of apes as one of the sets of narrative voices, along with a mosaic of stories of a wide range of ordinary people. Many of Duffy's subsequent novels make use of contrasting and complementary narratives from past and present, a technique she first employed in "The Microcosm". "Restitution" (1998) (which was long-listed for the Booker Prize), eventually brings the past and present narratives together, as a young London woman gradually discovers that her identity is unexpectedly altered because of events in Nazi Germany half a century before.
Some of Maureen Duffy's novels also deploy the story telling techniques of thrillers, including "I want to go to Moscow" (1973), "Housespy" (1978), "Occam's Razor" (1991), "Alchemy" (2004), "The Orpheus Trail" (2009) and "In Times Like These" (2013).
Political passion often animates Duffy's work. "The Microcosm" makes the case for acceptance of lesbians, "Gor Saga" challenges assumptions about the gulf between humans and other species, and "In Times Like These" warns of the dangers of possible Scottish independence and the withdrawal of England and Wales from the European Union.
"Scarborough Fear" (written under a pseudonym in 1982) is a horror story with a modern setting and Gothic elements, which engages its young narrator in a psychological battle for survival.
Return to top of page
Nonfiction.
Duffy's literary biography of Aphra Behn (1977) led to the rediscovery of the 17th century playwright, the first woman to earn a living by her writing, and established fresh facts about her life. Maureen Duffy has also edited the plays of Aphra Behn, and the novel "Love Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister", and has written introductions to other works of Behn's.
Duffy's other nonfiction books include "The Erotic World of Faery" (1972) a study of eroticism in faery fantasy literature; "Inherit the Earth", (1979) a social history of her family and their roots in Thaxstead, Essex; a biography of composer Henry Purcell (1995); and a historical survey of how the myths of English identity came to develop, "England: The Making of the Myth" (2001).
Return to top of page
Campaigning.
A lifelong Socialist, Duffy was involved in the early CND marches. A longstanding humanist, she has regularly taken a lead in standing up for her beliefs.
Gay rights.
Maureen Duffy was the first gay woman in British public life today to be open about her sexuality.
She 'came out publicly in her work in the early 1960s' and made public comments before the decriminalisation of male homosexual acts in 1967. In 1977 she published 'The Ballad of the Blasphemy Trial', a broadside against the trial of the "Gay News" newspaper for 'blasphemous libel'.
As the first President of the Gay Humanist Group from 1980 (renamed GALHA - the Gay and Lesbian Humanist Association - in 1987) she spoke out on numerous issues, including the human rights of those with HIV and AIDs. At the TUC conference in 1988, as President of the Writers' Guild, she successfully proposed a motion deploring the passing of Section 28 'as an infringement of the basic right to free speech and expression.' Duffy continues to be a Distinguished Supporter of the British Humanist Association, since GALHA became the LGBT wing of the BHA in 2012.
Duffy is often invited by LGBT groups to read her work. In 1991, she took part in 'Saturday Night Out', on BBC 2, saying that progress in gay rights since her earliest TV appearances had been more limited than she had hoped. In 1995 she was chosen by "Gay Times" as one of the 200 most influential lesbian and gay people in Britain. She was also included on the "Independent on Sunday"'s Pink List in 2005 
Return to top of page
Animal rights.
A vegetarian and a campaigner for animal rights since 1967, who signed a letter to "The Times" in 1970, along with Elizabeth Taylor (among others) promising never to wear fur, Duffy's thinking is explained in her book "Men & Beasts: an Animal Rights Handbook" (1984).
Animal rights form a central theme in two of her novels: "I Want to Go to Moscow" (published in the US as "All Heaven in a Rage") in 1973, and "Gor Saga", the 1981 story of Gor, born half gorilla, half human, which was televised in 1988 in a three-part miniseries called "First Born" starring Charles Dance. Maureen Duffy became Vice President of Beauty Without Cruelty in 1975.
Return to top of page
Authors' rights.
Together with Brigid Brophy, Maureen Duffy founded the Writers Action Group in 1972, through which they mounted a sustained campaign for Public Lending Right (annual payments for authors based on the number of library loans of their printed books), until the law was passed in 1979. The campaign eventually had a membership of over 700 authors, and involved Duffy in successfully proposing a motion in support of PLR at the TUC conference in 1978, and being part of a delegation to meet Prime Minister, James Callaghan, in 1977. She continues to be an internationally respected authority on copyright, intellectual property law and secondary rights for authors.
'For almost as long as she has been writing for a living, Maureen Duffy has worked to protect the rights of writers, which have been jeopardised by successive changes in technology and in the book market.' As well as continuing to defend PLR, Duffy has also been part of a successful campaign for authors to be paid when their work is photocopied, helping to found the Authors’ Licensing and Collecting Society, which she chaired for 15 years, and is still its president. She has also held senior positions for many years in the Writers’ Guild of Great Britain, the British Copyright Council, the European Writers’ Congress, (renamed European Writers Council in 2008) and the Royal Society of Literature. She represents the International Authors Forum at the World Intellectual Property Organisation (a branch of UNESCO).
Return to top of page
Public life.
a. Positions - current 
b. Awards and honours 
Return to top of page
Works by Maureen Duffy.
Drama.
Plays
Plays published
Art exhibition.
1969 Prop Art (with Brigid Brophy). London.
Return to top of page
External links.
Return to top of page

</doc>
<doc id="2870004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870004" title="FUTON bias">
FUTON bias

FUTON (an acronym for full text on net) bias is a tendency of scholars to cite academic journals with open access—that is, journals that make their full text available on the Internet without charge—in their own writing as compared with toll access publications. Scholars can more easily discover and access articles that have their full text on the Internet, which increases authors' likelihood of reading, quoting, and citing these articles. Conversely, articles in expensive journals that do not provide open access are "priced out of evidence", giving FUTON publications greater utility. FUTON bias may increase the impact factor of open access journals relative to journals without open access.
One study concluded that academic authors "concentrate on research published in journals that are available as full text on the internet, and ignore relevant studies that are not available in full text, thus introducing an element of bias into their search result". Authors of another study conclude "that the OA advantage is a quality advantage, rather than a quality bias", that authors make a "self-selection toward using and citing the more citable articles—once OA self-archiving has made them accessible", and that open access "itself will not make an unusable (hence uncitable) paper more used and cited".
No abstract available bias (NAA bias)—scholars' tendency to cite journal articles that have an abstract available online more readily than articles that do not—affects articles' citation count similarly to FUTON bias.

</doc>
<doc id="2870009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870009" title="Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute">
Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute

The Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute (SCBI) is a unit of the Smithsonian Institution located on a campus located just outside the historic town of Front Royal, Virginia. An extension of the National Zoo in Washington, D.C., the SCBI has played a leading role in the fields of veterinary medicine, reproductive physiology and conservation biology since its founding in 1974. Previously named the Conservation and Research Center, the CRC became known as the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute in 2010 as a symbol of its growing independence from the captive animals associated with the traditional images of zoos.
Location.
The land on which the SCBI lies has a long and rich history dating back to 1909, when the United States Army leased some 42 area farms. In the years predating World War I, the land served as a series of U.S. Army Remount Service depots, supplying horses and mules to the military. The federal government ultimately purchased the land in 1911 and began construction on the Ayleshire Quartermaster Remount Depot. Completed in 1916, the Depot consisted of eleven barn and stable facilities, hundreds of miles of split-rail fencing, many miles of access roads, and even a rail yard facility for the import and export of animals. The Ayleshire Quartermaster Remount Depot remained in operation throughout both world wars, and was eventually expanded to include a canine training facility and detention barracks for 600 German and Italian prisoners of war. 
In 1948 Congress passed legislation transferring ownership of the land to the Department of Agriculture, which redeveloped the property into a beef cattle research station. In conjunction with the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Virginia Tech), the USDA experimented with various environmental and husbandry conditions, designed to quantitatively and qualitatively improve the meat production of various cattle breeds. The Department of State leased part of the compound from USDA for use as an emergency relocation and communications site, with support infrastructure for the Secretary of State and 700 other departmental employees. The USDA closed the station in 1973, leaving the site temporarily vacant.
The Conservation and Research Center was founded in 1974 when the director of the National Zoo, Dr. Theodore Reed, recognized the need for a captive breeding facility and initiated negotiations to obtain the land. The title was transferred to the Smithsonian in 1975, and work was begun immediately on developing the site into a zoological research facility. Today the SCBI is host to range of zoological and ecological research. It hosts a large (25 ha) forest dynamics plot that is part of the Center for Tropical Forest Science/ Smithsonian Global Earth Observatory and is slated to be the Mid-Atlantic core site in the National Ecological Observatory Network.
Programs.
Amongst the SCBI's most well known research programs are those based on the captive breeding, and reintroduction, of such endangered species as the Black-footed Ferret ("Mustela nigripes"), the Clouded Leopard ("Neofelis nebulosa"), and the Matschie's Tree-kangaroo ("Dendrolagus matechiei"). However, despite its accomplishments, the SCBI has not been exempt from controversy. In 2001, the former Smithsonian Secretary, Lawrence M. Small, backed by former Zoo Director Dr. Lucy Spellman, proposed the closure of the facility as a cost-saving measure. Opposition from the public and the scientific and conservation communities forced Secretary Small to back down from this decision. Since then, the leadership of Lawrence M. Small has been shown to be fraught with corruption and waste 
Specimens.
Currently, the SCBI's collection of animals stands at over 400 specimens, including 17 mammalian and 15 avian species. 
Ordinarily closed to the public, the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute hosts an annual open-house event each fall. The “Autumn Conservation Festival” is sponsored by Friends of the National Zoo (FONZ) and provides an opportunity for members of the public to tour the grounds and veterinary facilities, interact with the staff and learn more about the research conducted at the SCBI. The “Autumn Conservation Festival” is held on the first weekend in October. FONZ also hosts a summer sleepaway camp on the site for children ages ten to fifteen.

</doc>
