<doc id="2879145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879145" title="Ronee Blakley">
Ronee Blakley

Ronee Blakley (born August 24, 1945) is an American entertainer. Although an accomplished singer, songwriter, composer, producer and director, she is perhaps best known as an actress. Her most famous role was as the fictional country superstar Barbara Jean in Robert Altman's 1975 film "Nashville", for which she won a National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress and was nominated for an Academy Award. She also had a notable role in "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1984).
Life and career.
Blakley was born in Nampa, Idaho, daughter of civil engineer Ronald Blakley and his wife Carol. Blakely has three siblings, including a brother, Stephen, who is gay. Carol Blakely became a champion of gay rights after her son came out to their religious family. Blakley’s early years were spent in the Pacific Northwest where she was selected as Idaho's representative to Girl's Nation while in high school. She studied at Mills College, Stanford University, and went to New York to attend Juilliard for post-graduate work.
Blakley began in New York improvising vocally with Moog synthesizers in Carnegie Hall to music by Gershon Kingsley. Her first soundtrack was composed for the 20th Century Fox film "Welcome Home Soldier Boys" and earned her a spot in "Who's Who in America."
1970s.
In 1972, the folk-rock album "Ronee Blakley" debuted on Elektra Records and featured Blakley’s original songs, accompanied by herself on her piano. Blakley also made the musical arrangements. The song “Bluebird” featured a duet with Linda Ronstadt. Blakley's songs were published by her own company, Sawtooth Music.
Her second album, "Welcome" was released on Warner Bros. in 1975, produced by Jerry Wexler and recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio in Alabama. The Los Angeles "Herald Examiner" wrote it was a "near perfect album."
That same year, Blakley appeared in what may be her most widely known performance in "Nashville." Her character Barbara Jean was purported to be modeled after country star Loretta Lynn. In "Nashville" Blakley performs her own songs in character, including "Tapedeck In His Tractor," "Dues" and "My Idaho Home." In her review for "The New Yorker", film critic Pauline Kael wrote:
“This is Ronee Blakley’s first movie, and she puts most movie hysteria to shame. She achieves her gifts so simply, I wasn’t surprised when somebody sitting beside me started to cry. Perhaps, for the first time on the screen, one gets the sense of an artist being destroyed by her gifts.”
Blakley was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Supporting Actress along with Lily Tomlin (who was also nominated in the same category). Blakley was also nominated for a Grammy, a Golden Globe and a British Academy award, and won the National Board of Review award for Best Supporting Actress. She was featured on the covers of "Newsweek", "American Cinematographer" and Andy Warhol's "Interview Magazine".
She toured as backup singer to Bob Dylan in the "Rolling Thunder Revue", and sang backup vocals on his album "Desire". The "Rolling Thunder Revue" featured Joan Baez, Joni Mitchell and Ramblin’ Jack Elliott, among many others. She appears on the live albums from that tour "Hard Rain" and "". She also recorded with Leonard Cohen and Hoyt Axton.
In 1977, Blakley starred in the film "She Came to the Valley" with Dean Stockwell, Scott Glenn, and Freddy Fender. She also appeared in several TV movies including "Desperate Women", "Ladies in Waiting", "Oklahoma City Dolls" and the "Ford 75th Anniversary Special" introduced by Tennessee Williams and co-starring John Ritter in "The Glass Menagerie." Her guest starring roles in television series include "Vegas", "The Love Boat", "Highway to Heaven", "Trapper John", "Hotel", "The Runaways", "Beyond Westworld" and "Tales from the Darkside".
1980s.
In 1980, Blakley starred in "The Baltimore Bullet" with James Coburn, Omar Sharif and Bruce Boxleitner. Two years later, in 1982 she appeared on Broadway in "Pump Boys and Dinettes" with Loudon Wainwright III and starred Off Broadway with Tammy Grimes in 1983. She starred in Somerset Maugham's "Rain' for the Indiana Repertory Theatre.
For Wes Craven's 1984 horror film "A Nightmare on Elm Street" she played the role of Marge Thompson.
In 1985, she produced, wrote, starred in, and directed her own feature music docudrama titled "I Played It for You" which debuted at the Venice Film Festival and which has subsequently appeared at several other film festivals around the world, including a recent screening at the Silver Lake Film Festival. Sheila Benson of the "Los Angeles Times" called “I Played It For You” "passionate and brave, an absorbing work." FX Feeney of the "LA Weekly" called it "a valuable document." the film was released on DVD in 2008, bundled with the soundtrack on CD and a new spoken word poetry album titled "Freespeak".
Personal life and recent activity.
Throughout her career, Blakley has performed on behalf of several political and social causes with an emphasis on civil rights and equal rights for women. During the 1976 presidential campaign, she toured performing before the speeches of Jerry Brown and later performed at the final Los Angeles rally of Walter Mondale with Kris Kristofferson.
Blakley was married to German filmmaker Wim Wenders from 1979 to 1981. She completed a master's degree at California State University in 2002.
She has one child, a daughter, author Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, born in 1988. Blakley's career was put on hold while she raised her daughter and also recovered from a back injury.
Her most recent album of original songs, "River Nile," was released in 2009, inspired by a trip she made to Egypt. In October 2010, she appeared on stage at New York's Bitter End for the first time in 20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2879149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879149" title="Grand Avenue Project">
Grand Avenue Project

The Grand Avenue Project is a project currently under development in Downtown Los Angeles, along Grand Avenue. On February 14, 2007 both the Los Angeles City Council and the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors approved the project, and officials originally hoped to break ground in December 2007. The project has been developed in stages due to the Great Recession. On July 26, 2012, Grand Park opened to the public as the initial phase of the project.
. A 19-story luxury condo tower is set to open in Fall, 2014. The Broad Museum, located between the Disney Concert Hall and the condo tower, is set to open in 2015. The final phase of the project, on a lot directly east of the Disney Concert Hall, will have two skyscrapers. They will consist of apartments and an SLS Hotel. Construction is set to start in December 2015 and open by the end of 2018.
Design.
The project's key public component is the Grand Park, a park stretching between the development's two boundaries: City Hall and the Department of Water and Power building. The park was designed to be pedestrian friendly and connects Bunker Hill to the Civic Center. The park includes tree-shaded sidewalks, fountains, plenty of street lights, benches, and kiosks, to encourage the walking and exploration of the area, which was designed to encourage residents and visitors to enjoy a family-friendly green space in downtown Los Angeles, with musical events and other park activities staged at Grand Park. The remaining two high rise towers set to rise across from the Disney Concert Hall are being designed by famed architect Frank Gehry.

</doc>
<doc id="2879159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879159" title="Blake Garden (Kensington, California)">
Blake Garden (Kensington, California)

Blake Garden (10.6 acres) is a landscape laboratory and public garden located at 70 Rincon Road in Kensington, California, United States. It is a teaching facility for the Department of Landscape Architecture and Environmental Planning of the University of California, Berkeley. It is also the site of Blake House, formerly the residence of the President of the University of California. The garden is open to the public during weekdays; no admission fee is charged.
The Blake's original family home was on Piedmont Avenue, where Memorial Stadium now stands. The building of the stadium prompted the building of two homes in the Kensington hills, Anson Blake’s house, now Blake Garden, and the Edwin Blake house, now the Carmelite Monastery. The garden was deeded to the Landscape Architecture Department in 1957 by Anson and Anita Blake, and title passed to the University upon Anita Blake's death in 1962. Five years later, Blake House became the UC President's official residence, until 2009.
The siting of Blake house is integral to the garden’s design: it shelters the Formal Garden from the strong prevailing winds off the Golden Gate. The grounds for both estates were designed by Mrs. Blake’s sister, Mabel Symmes, who graduated from the university's Landscape Architecture Department in 1914. Ms. Symmes’ original plan showed great sensitivity to the site. Much of her original plan can still be seen in the design of the "Pink and Yellow Gardens" with its grotto, inspired by the Villa Tusculana at Frascati, Italy and the reflecting pool which was part of a system to take advantage of underground water. The "Redwood Canyon", with redwood cuttings brought from the Blake’s property in Berkeley and St. Helena, is planted along a natural waterway. The original plan also shows a lake in the "Australian Hollow", taking advantage of the high water table in that part of the garden. In 2010 this area was restored to a native wetland by UC students, volunteers and Blake Garden staff. The wetland now provides habitat to a community of Pacific chorus frogs and area birds.
Other parts of the garden include the "Mediterranean Garden" on the western side of house, a showcase of drought-tolerant plants from the world’s Mediterranean climates; the "Cottage Garden", full of roses, flowers for cutting, vegetables and herbs; the Square, with its water lily-filled pond, and beds brimming with low-water perennials; and the "Event Lawn" and surrounding beds, another example of water-smart gardening.
The garden is home to nearly 1500 plant species, over fifty bird species, as well as raccoons, frogs, salamanders, and the occasional fox. The garden is all organic, with many sustainable practices including four kinds of composting, rainwater harvesting, and hives of honeybees. Additionally, the "Create with Nature Zone" offers a space for visitors of all ages to experiment and build with materials collected from the garden.

</doc>
<doc id="2879165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879165" title="2003 Southeast Asian Games">
2003 Southeast Asian Games

The 22nd Southeast Asian Games were held in Hanoi, Vietnam from 5–13 December 2003. The games were opened by Vietnamese prime minister Phan Van Khai in the newly constructed My Dinh National Stadium in Hanoi. The games torch was lit by Nguyen Thuy Hien of Wushu. It was the first time in SEA Games history that the game venues were assigned into two cities namely Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City.Timor-Leste (used name United Nations East Timor) have the first time played in Southeast Asian Games.
Logo and hymn.
Painter Nguyen Chi Long inspired by the 22nd SEA Games logo is based on a legendary bird named ""Chim Lac"". The bird decorated the Ngoc Lu bronze drum, a typical antiquity of the ancient Dong Son Vietnamese culture. The Emblem is composed of harmonious and vigorous curves, creating a feeling of movement and strength which conforms to the Olympic Spirit: ""Faster, Higher and Stronger"". The colorful whirls represent the tough competitiveness in sports.
The 10 intersecting circles, the symbol of the South East Asian Sport Federation, are to emphasize the solidarity, friendship and nobility, which are highly esteemed by Vietnam - the host country of the 22nd SEA Games.
The games' hymn was ""For the World of Tomorrow"". It was composed by Nguyen Quang Vinh.
Mascot.
Painter Nguyen Thai Hung choose Trâu Vàng, the golden water buffalo as the mascot for the 22nd SEA Games. With a gentle and harmonious nature, the clever Buffalo has become synonymous with the water and rice cilivization that is so important in Vietnam, as well as in other Southeast Asian countries. To Vietnamese people, the Golden Buffalo symbolizes a golden harvest, prosperity, happiness, power and the Vietnamese martial spirit.
Sports.
¹ - not an official Olympic Sport<br>
² - sport played only in the SEA Games<br>
³ - not a traditional Olympic nor SEA Games Sport and introduced only by the host country.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2879171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879171" title="WJFF">
WJFF

WJFF ("90.5 WJFF") is a public radio station broadcasting at 90.5 MHz, licensed to Jeffersonville, New York and transmits from a tower approximately two miles west of Liberty, New York It is perhaps the nation's only hydropowered radio station. The power for the station's studios and offices are drawn from a dam 50 feet away adjacent to Lake Jefferson.
History.
In 1984, Malcolm Brown purchased the Lake Jefferson dam () and power house and began to repair the hydro plant which was originally constructed in 1927. In 1986, the hydro plant was placed in service, generating enough power to supply 20-25 area homes.
In January 1988, Catskill Radio, Inc., also owned by Malcolm Brown, received a Construction Permit for WJFF. The radio station's studio building was built on the north side of the Jefferson Lake dam, about 50 feet away from the generator house. The station was completed by mostly volunteer labor, signing on for the first time on January 20, 1990. Initially the station transmitted with a power of 830 watts, this was increased to 3,700 watts in early 1996.
1996 was also the year that Catskill Radio Inc. applied for and received authorization to build its Monticello, NY translator, W233AH.
Since 2000, the Lake Jefferson Dam has survived numerous severe floods and still provides all of the power to run WJFF with the excess being sold to NYSEG, the local power company. In 2005, the dam and generating equipment was sold to Kevin and Barbra Gref, who continue to operate it.
The transmitter site is located on a hill approximately six miles east of the studios and is powered conventionally by commercial electrical service.
Programming.
The station features a variety of classical music, jazz, public affairs and news programming during the day, with locally produced programs in the early afternoons and evenings. Its schedule maintains a balance between eclectic community radio and NPR affiliate programming, with a smattering of shows from Pacifica Radio, the BBC and the CBC. BBC programming is now broadcast in the early morning hours, if there is no local programming on air at the time.
Translators.
In addition to the main station, WJFF is relayed by an additional translator to widen its broadcast area.

</doc>
<doc id="2879184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879184" title="Mary (novel)">
Mary (novel)

Mary (, Mashen'ka), is the debut novel by Vladimir Nabokov, first published under pen name V. Sirin in 1926 by the Russian language publisher "Slovo".
Plot introduction.
It is the story of Lev Glebovich Ganin, a Russian émigré, displaced by the Russian Revolution. Ganin is now living in a boarding house in Berlin, where he discovers that his long-lost first love, Mary is now the wife of the rather unappealing boarder next door, and that she will be joining her husband soon. Ganin contrives a complex scheme in order to reunite with Mary, who he believes still loves him. The eponymous Mary never appears in the present of the novel, but only in Ganin's reminiscences.
Characters in "Mary".
Lev Glebovich Ganin
Aleksey Ivanovich Alfyorov
Lydia Nikolaevna Dorn
Lyudmila
Klara
Anton Sergeyevich Podtyagin
Mary Alfyorov
Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
Film.
A film adaptation titled "Maschenka" after the original Russian title, was released in 1987. The film, directed by John Goldschmidt with screenplay by John Mortimer, starred Cary Elwes as Ganin and Irina Brook as Maschenka. John Goldschmidt won the Cine De Luca Award for directing 'Maschenka" at the Monte Carlo TV Festival.
Publication history.
English Translation and Authorial Changes.
The novel first appeared in English in 1970 in a translation by Michael Glenny "in collaboration with the author." According to Nabokov, "I realized as soon as started that our translation should be as faithful to the text as I would have insisted on its being had that text not been mine." He further stated that "The only adjustments I deemed necessary are limited to brief utilitarian phrases in three or four pages alluding to routine Russian matters ...[and the switch of seasonal dates in Ganin's Julian Calendar to those of the Gregorian style in general use."

</doc>
<doc id="2879191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879191" title="Strewn Winery">
Strewn Winery

Strewn Winery is a small winery in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario, Canada. It was established in 1997 by winemaker Joe Will and his wife, food writer Jane Langdon.
The winery produces a selection of VQA certified wines using grapes grown in its own vineyard as well as other vineyards in the Niagara Peninsula. Strewn uses Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Riesling, Chardonnay, Sauvignon blanc, Gewürztraminer, Pinot blanc and Vidal grapes. In addition to traditional wines, they also produce sweeter late harvest and ice wines.
Wines are produced under three different labels. Their very best wines are labelled Strewn Terroir, including their red Strewn Three meritage. Their general wines are simply labelled Strewn.

</doc>
<doc id="2879199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879199" title="International DeeJay Gigolo Records">
International DeeJay Gigolo Records

International DeeJay Gigolo Records is a German electronic music record label run by techno artist DJ Hell (real name Helmut Geier). The label was founded in Munich in 1996 as an affiliate of label Disko B. It is now based in Berlin and is Germany's most successful electronic music record label, specialising in electro, house and techno with 80's pop and disco influences. "Gigolo" has released records by Dave Clarke, Jeff Mills, DJ Hell, David Carretta, Miss Kittin & The Hacker, Kiko & Gino S., DJ Naughty, The Penelopes, The Advent, Dopplereffekt, Terrence Fixmer, Japanese Telecom, Fischerspooner, Tiga, Belgian Dj Valium, Princess Superstar and Vitalic.
Gigolo's most successful release came in 2001, with Vitalic's "Poney EP" (which included techno favourite "La Rock 01" on the B-side). This EP was remastered and re-issued in 2006.
The label also releases showcase compilations, sometimes called "We Are Gigolo", of which there are now twelve volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="2879204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879204" title="International Association of Bloodstain Pattern Analysts">
International Association of Bloodstain Pattern Analysts

The International Association of Bloodstain Pattern Analysts (IABPA) was formed 18 November 1983 at the Hilton Hotel in Corning, NY under the guidance of Herbert MacDonell. The concept of an association came about as a result of a group of bloodstain analysts who recognized the need for a coordinated effort to develop themselves and the emerging field of bloodstain pattern analysis. Of the 23 people present at the meeting moderated by Deborah J. Wakida, 22 became Charter Members. Only Douglas Ridolfi of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department declined to join.
In the early 1980s Bloodstain Pattern Analysis (BPA) was beginning to make its way into the investigative toolbox of many North American forensic sections. As any new method of gathering and interpreting forensic evidence, there was some apprehension in many areas of the legal system. When the IABPA bylaws were formed, one of the main objectives of the association was identified as "promoting the education of all involved with bloodstain pattern analysis". This was to be done through study, research, and experimentation. There was also an identified need for standardization in the areas of training, analysis, terminology, and reporting.
The IABPA meets annually in October, moving the location between Regions I to IV (see below).
__TOC__
Membership.
There are four levels of membership within the IABPA.
Executive board.
The Executive Board of the IABPA consists of annually elected full members. The positions on the Board include:
Charter members.
The charter members (and their 1983 affiliation) of the IABPA were:

</doc>
<doc id="2879218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879218" title="Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia">
Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia

Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia (St. Petersburg 14 January 1850 (2 January O.S.) – Paris, 14 November 1908) was the fifth child and the fourth son of Alexander II of Russia and his first wife Maria Alexandrovna (Marie of Hesse). Destined to a naval career, Alexei Alexandrovich started his military training at the age of 7. By the age of 20 he had been appointed lieutenant of the Russian Imperial Navy and had visited all European military ports of Russia. In 1871 he was sent as a goodwill ambassador to the United States and Japan.
In 1883 he was appointed general-admiral. He had a significant contribution in the equipment of the
Russian navy with new ships and in modernizing the naval ports. In 1905, after the defeat in the Battle of Tsushima he was relieved of his command. He died in Paris in 1908.
Early life.
The Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich Romanov of Russia was born in Saint Petersburg on 14 January 1850 (4 January O.S.). He was the son of emperor Alexander II and empress Maria Alexandrovna. He was a younger brother of Grand Duchess Alexandra Alexandrovna, Tsarevich Nikolay Alexandrovich, Alexander III of Russia, Grand Duke Vladmir Alexandrovich. He was an older brother of Duchess Maria of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich and Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich.
Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich was destined for a naval career since his childhood. At the age of 7 he received the rank of midshipman. The next year Konstantin Nikolayevich Posyet was appointed as his tutor. While the winters were dedicated to theoretical studies, during the summers he trained on Russian warships of the Baltic fleet stationed in Saint Petersburg harbour. Training exposed him to various sailing ships:
On 18 September 1866 Grand Duke Alexei was promoted lieutenant. He continued his navy career serving as officer aboard the frigate "Alexander Nevsky" on a cruise in across the Mediterranean to Piraeus, where he attended the wedding of his cousin Olga Konstantinovna.
In 1868 he went on a trip to southern Russia traveling by train from Saint Petersburg to Nikolayevsk, continuing by ship down the Volga to Astrakhan. He then boarded a military ship for a cruise on the Caspian Sea to Baku, [Petrovsk (now Makhachkala) and then to Iran. He then crossed the Caucasus and reached Poti where the "Alexander Nevsky" was moored. From there he sailed to Constantinople, Athens and the Azore Islands On the return voyage, on the frigate was wrecked off the coast of Jutland during a storm on the North Sea. Though the ship was lost, the crew including Alexei Alexandrovitch except five men was unhurt and could safely reach the shore.
In January 1870 Alexei Alexandrovich reached the age of majority according to Russian legislation. The event was marked by taking two oaths : the military one and the oath of allegiance of the Grand Dukes of the Russian Imperial House. In June 1870 Alexei Alexandrovich started the last part of his training. This included inland navigation on a cutter with a steam engine, on the route from Saint Petersburg to Arkhangelsk through the Mariinsk Canal system and the Northern Dvina River. After visiting the schools and industrial facilities of Arkhangelsk, he started his navigation training in arctic conditions, aboard the corvette "Varyag". His cruise took him to the Solovetsky Islands, continuing through the White Sea and Barents Sea to Novaya Zemlya. The route continued to Kola Bay and the city of Murmansk, the ports of northern Norway and Iceland. He returned to Cronstadt at the end of September.
Love affair with Alexandra Zhukovskaya.
In 1869/1870, Alexei had an affair with Alexandra Zhukovskaya, daughter of poet Vasily Andreyevich Zhukovsky, who was eight years older than he was. They were parents to a son, Alexei, born on 26 November 1871. Tsar Alexander II was strongly opposed to this relationship.
Some historians claim that they were morganatically married and that the marriage was annulled by the Russian Orthodox Church, because, according to the "Fundamental Laws of the Imperial House", this marriage was illegal. However, articles 183 and 188, which prohibited marriages without the consent of the emperor, were included in the Fundamental Laws only by the 1887 revision under Tsar Alexander III. The rules valid in 1870 did not prohibit morganatic marriages, but simply excluded their offspring from the succession to the throne.
Upset by his son's affair, Alexander II even refused to grant Alexandra Zhukovskaya a title, which would have officially recognized the Grand Duke's paternity, even if illegitimate. Other European courts also refused to grant her a title. As a solution of last resort, on 25 March 1875 Alexandra was able to secure the title of baroness Seggiano from the Republic of San Marino, with the right to transmit the title to her son Alexei and his firstborn male descendants. It was only in 1883, that Alexander III, the Grand Duke's elder brother, granted the Baron Seggiano the title of Count Belevsky, and in 1893 approved his coat of arms.
Tour of the United States.
Voyage to the United States.
After the official visit to Saint Petersburg of an American squadron under the command of Admiral David Farragut in 1867, a high level visit of the Russian Navy was envisaged by the Russian Government. After lengthy negotiations, it was decided that the Russian delegation would be headed by Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich. The official announcement of the visit was made on 29 June 1871 by Nikolay Karlovich Krabbe, Minister of the Imperial Russian Navy.
The Russian squadron, under the command of Admiral Konstantin Nikolayevich Posyet on board the frigate "Bogalye", included the frigates "Svetlana" and "General-Admiral", the corvette "Ignatiev" and the gunboat "Abrek". The Grand Duke was serving as lieutenant aboard the "Svetlana". Before reaching the United States, the Russian squadron was to be met by the frigate "Vsadnik" of the Russian Pacific Fleet. Though all ships were equipped with steam-engines, the squadron made the passage to America mainly under sail, so as to avoid making port on the route for coal supplies. Except for the Grand Duke's personal staff, the crew included 200 officers and over 3000 sailors. The squadron set sail out of Kronstadt on 20 August 1871.
The squadron first stopped in Copenhagen, where the Grand Duke paid a visit to King Christian IX of Denmark. In the English Channel the Russians were met by a squadron of the Royal Navy and escorted to Plymouth, where the Grand Duke was met by the Duke of Edinburgh Alfred of Saxe-Coburg. A visit to Balmoral Castle had been scheduled, but had to be canceled because the Prince of Wales was very sick and Queen Victoria extremely concerned.
The Russian squadron set sail from Plymouth on 26 September. and, en route to New York, stopped for a few days in Funchal, (Madeira Islands), leaving on 9 October.
The Russian squadron was met by an American squadron under the command of Vice-Admiral Stephen Clegg Rowan, Port Admiral of New York, hoisting his flag on the frigate . Admiral Samuel Phillips Lee, commander of the North Atlantic Squadron attended on his own flagship, the USS "Severn". The other ships of the squadron were the and the , attended by several tugs.
A welcoming committee had been formed in New York, chaired by William Henry Aspinwall. Among the members of the committee were Moses H. Grinnell, General Irwin McDowell, Theodore Roosevelt, Sr. Rear-Admiral S. W. Godon, John Taylor Johnston, Albert Bierstadt, Lloyd Aspinwall and others.
After a short delay due to the weather, the Russian squadron anchored in New York harbor on 21 November 1871, where the Grand Duke was greeted by general John Adams Dix. A military parade took place in the city. The Grand Duke then attended a thanksgiving service at the Russian chapel.
Reception by President Grant.
On 22 November, the Grand Duke left for Washington, D.C. by special train, placed at his disposal by the New Jersey Railroad and Transportation Company. The train had three cars: the "Commissariat" having all the modern improvements of a hotel, comprising store-rooms and pantry, the "Ruby", dining room car to accommodate 28 persons, with kitchen, ice boxes, and a sort of wine cellar, and "The Kearsarge" used as sitting, sleeping and reading room.
On 23 November, the Grand Duke was received by president Ulysses S. Grant. The president's wife, Julia Grant, and his daughter, Nellie Grant, also attended. Most of the members of the cabinet were present at the meeting: Hamilton Fish (United States Secretary of State), Columbus Delano (United States Secretary of the Interior) with his wife, Amos Tappan Akerman (United States Attorney General) with his wife, George S. Boutwell (United States Secretary of the Treasury), George Maxwell Robeson (United States Secretary of the Navy), General Frederick Tracy Dent (the president's brother-in-law and military secretary), John Creswell (Postmaster General of the United States), as well as generals Horace Porter and Orville E. Babcock .
The Grand Duke arrived at 1 p.m. in company of minister Katakazi, Admiral Posyet, and other members of his suite. The president and the members of the cabinet received them in the Blue Room where the presentations were made. The president then escorted the Grand Duke to the Red Room where he was introduced to the ladies. The interview lasted only fifteen minutes, after which the Grand Duke left.
The visit to Washington was overshadowed by President Grant's discontent caused by the Russian government's refusal to recall Konstantin Katacazi, minister plenipotentiary of Russia to the United States. The entire visit in Washington lasted only one day. No formal entertainment was given in Washington to the Grand Duke, though for all other visits of members of royal families to the White House, formal dinners had been organized. Such dinners had taken place when President John Tyler received François d'Orléans, prince de Joinville, when Abraham Lincoln received Prince Napoleon Joseph Bonaparte and even when Ulysses Grant received Kamehameha V, king of the Sandwich Islands. The evening of the visit to the White House, the Grand Duke and his suite dined at the minister Katakazi's residence, the only American official attending being general Porter. At his departure the Grand Duke was asked if he intended to return to Washington. Though he expressed his interest to return during a session of Congress, the uneasy diplomatic relations due to Minister Katakazi prevented this from happening. There had also been expectations that a military alliance treaty between the United States and Russia would be signed during the meeting; however this was not the case.
The next day, the Grand Duke left by train for Annapolis where he visited the Naval Academy, thereafter returning to New York.
The East Coast.
In New York, the Grand Duke visited the Brooklyn Navy Yard, Fort Wadsworth and the fortifications on Governors Island. He also reviewed the Fire Department at Tompkins Square. A highlight was the trip by steamer on the Hudson for the visit of the United States Military Academy, West Point.
Several balls were organized in his honor, the most important being the grand balls at the Navy Yard and at the Academy of Music. Alexei also attended opera performances of "Faust" and "Mignon" at the Academy of Music. He also went on a shopping spree, stopping at the A.T. Stewart and Tiffany stores where he bought some jewellery and bronze statues.
On 2 December 1871, a ceremony took place at the National Academy of Design, where the Grand Duke was received by Samuel F. B. Morse, William Stoddard, William Page, Albert Bierstadt and several other artists. The painting "Farragut in the shrouds of the Hartfort at the battle of Mobile Bay" by William Page was handed over to Grand Duke Alexei as a gift of the citizens of New York for Tsar Alexander II. General John Adams Dix presented the picture and the accompanying scroll, with a brief address in which he expressed the hope that it would further cement the union that existed between the United States and Russia. The painting was placed on board the Russian flagship for transportation to Russia.
On 3 December 1871, the Grand Duke Alexei left for Philadelphia where he was received by general George Meade and Admiral Turner. He visited Girard College, Baird Locomotive Works and the Navy Yard. He was particularly interested by the Methodist Fair at the Horticultural Hall, where the ladies presented him an Afghan Hound.
From 7 to 14 December, Grand Duke Alexei stopped in Boston where he stayed at the Revere House. The landau which President Lincoln rode during his visit to Boston, was prepared for the Grand Duke. He was officially welcomed at the City Hall and the State House. During his stay, the Grand Duke visited Harvard University and the suburb of Cambridge, Massachusetts as well as different public schools in the Boston area, being extensively briefed on the American education system. Other highlights were the battlefield of Bunker Hill and the visit to the shipyards of Charlestown, Massachusetts.
The Grand Duke also attended a music festival where 1,200 school children composed the great choir. At the festival, a grand march of welcome, specially composed by Julius Eichberg and dedicated to "His Imperial Highness", was presented
A ball in honor of the Grand Duke took place at the Boston Theatre. The audit of the expenses shows that the cost of ball was $14,678.58 (equivalent of $750,000 today), only $8,916.29 being covered by the sale of the tickets and other receipts 
Detour to Canada.
On 17 December, the Grand Duke left by train to Canada. He first stopped in Montreal, where he had breakfast with the mayor of the city, and then visited Lachine, Quebec He then passed through Ottawa and Toronto, finally reaching Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls on 22 December 1871 by the Great Western Railway. On his way, the train stopped in Hamilton, Ontario where he received a telegram from Queen Victoria, notifying him that the Prince of Wales had recovered from his illness. From Clifton Hill the party left by sleighs for a visit to the Niagara Falls. After having dressed in oil-skinned suits for fishermen at sea, the party also went under the falls. The Grand Duke then crossed the Niagara River over new suspension bridge and then visited the United States part of the falls.
Visit to the Midwest.
On 23 December, Grand Duke Alexei left by train for Buffalo, New York, where he spent Christmas. On Christmas Day, he went to the opera to see the British Parepa-Rosa Opera Company. After the performance he sent soprano Euphrosyne Parepa-Rosa a bracelet studded with turquoise and diamonds. On 26 December, the Grand Duke arrived in Cleveland where he visited the iron mills and other factories in Newburgh Heights, Ohio. He then reviewed the Cleveland Fire Department and visited the National Inventors’ Exhibition. He then stopped in Detroit on his way to Chicago, where he arrived on 30 December.
The city was recovering from the great fire. Joseph Medill, mayor of Chicago, had written to the Grand Duke:
""We have but little to exihibit but the ruins and débris of a great and beautiful city and an undaunted people struggling with adversity to relieve their overwhelming misfortunes.""
The Grand Duke visited the destroyed part of the city and was impressed by the rhythm of the reconstruction. He gave $5,000 USD (equivalent to $250,000 today) in gold to the homeless people of Chicago. As an irony, the same day Grand Duke Alexei arrived in Chicago, a special Grand Jury indicted thirteen members of the city's Common Council on charges of bribery. Grand Duke Alexei also visited the stockyards and a pork processing plant.
As the Tremont House Hotel had been burnt to the ground, the Grand Duke was accommodated in the New Tremont House which had opened on Michigan Avenue, where he was awarded the "Freedom of the City". On New Year's Day General Philip Sheridan initiated him into the American custom of making "New Year's calls upon the ladies".
From 2 to 4 January Grand Duke Alexei visited Milwaukee and on 5 January he arrived in St. Louis, Missouri, where he stayed for over a week.
In St. Louis, Grand Duke Alexis attended a burlesque show "Buebeard" in which Lydia Thompson, a 36-year-old actress was singing a tune "If Ever I Cease to Love". It is claimed that the Grand Duke was fascinated both by the actress and the song. Supposedly, she had also sung the number privately for the duke during a rendezvous. Lydia Thompson wasn't the only woman to catch the duke's eye; while in St. Louis, Alexei became particularly enamored of one of his dance partners, a lady called Sallie Shannon of Lawrence, Kansas.
Finally on 12 January he arrived in Omaha, Nebraska 
Trip to the hunting grounds.
Preparations for the hunt were extensive and had been carried out under the command of General Joel Palmer. Two companies of infantry in wagons, two companies of cavalry, the cavalry's regimental band, outriders, night herders, couriers, cooks had been mobilized for the event.
The Grand Duke in the company of General Philip Sheridan, General Edward Ord, and Lt. Colonel (Brevet Major General) George Armstrong Custer, the latter having been selected to be Grand Marshall of the hunt, arrived at Fort McPherson on 13 January 1872, by a special train provided by the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. They were greeted by an enthusiastic crowd, headed by William Frederick Cody (known as Buffalo Bill). After speeches, the Duke's party set out for the hunting grounds.
The Duke and General Sheridan rode in an open carriage, drawn by four horses. William Frederick Cody escorted the party with five ambulances, a light wagon for luggage, three wagons of "champagne and royal spirits" and fifteen to twenty extra saddle horses. A relay of horses was set up at Medicine Creek, about half way to the camp, where the party stopped for lunch. The journey then continued to their camp which they called "Camp Alexis" on the Red Willow Creek. The 2d Cavalry band was in place and in tune; "Hail to the Chief" was played when the Grand Duke arrived. The entire trip covered about 50 miles and took approximately eight hours.
The camp consisted of two hospital tents (used as dining tent), ten wall tents and tents for servants and soldiers. Three wall tents were floored and the Grand Duke's was carpeted with oriental rugs. Box stoves and Sibley stoves were provided for the tents.
Cody had discussed the hunt with Spotted Tail, chief of the Brulé Lakota, who had agreed to meet the "great chief from across the water who was coming there to visit him." About 600 warriors of different Sioux tribes, led by Spotted Tail, War Bonnet, Black Hat, Red Leaf, Whistler and Pawnee Killer, assembled to greet the grand duke at the hunting camp. They had been provided with ten thousand rations of flour, sugar, coffee, and 1,000 pounds of tobacco for their trouble - twenty-five wagon loads in all.
At the start of the party, Spotted Tail, dressed in a suit, which didn’t fit him, with an army belt upside down and an extremely awkward look was introduced to the Grand Duke. Then the Indian chief extended his hand, and greeted the Grand Duke with the customary "How."
For the amusement of Alexei the Indians staged exercises of horsemanship, lance-throwing and bow-shooting. Then there was a sham fight, showing the Indian mode of warfare, closing up with a grand war dance. It was noticed that Grand Duke Alexei paid considerable attention to a good-looking Indian maiden. Concerned that his mother, Empress Maria Alexandrovna, might receive reports of his flirtations, he wrote her from St. Louis: ""Regarding my success with American ladies about which so much is written in the newspapers, I can openly say, that this is complete nonsense. They looked on me from the beginning as they would look on a wild animal, as on a crocodile or other unusual beast."" .
However, a dispute broke out, but Alexei was able to calm down the fight with gifts of red and green blankets, ivory-handled hunting knives and a large bag of silver dollars. A formal council took place in Sheridan's tent and a peace pipe was passed around. Spotted Tail seized the chance to press his demand for the right to hunt freely south of the Platte River and for more than one store in which to trade.
The buffalo hunt.
The big hunt took place on the Grand Duke's 22nd birthday, 14 January 1872. For the hunt the Duke wore a jacket and trousers of heavy gray cloth, trimmed with green, the buttons bearing the Imperial Russian coat-of-arms. He wore his boots outside his trousers in the European way, which was unusual for his American hosts. Alexei carried a Russian hunting knife, and an American revolver, bearing the coats-of-arms of the United States and Russia on the handle, which he had recently received as a present. The hunting party approached buffalo herd several miles up the Red Willow Creek. The Grand Duke rode William Cody's celebrated buffalo horse "Buckskin Joe", which had been trained to ride at full gallop with a target so that the best shot could be made. As soon as a herd of buffalo was seen, some two miles away, Alexei wanted to make a charge but was restrained by William Cody. The party moved to the windward and gradually approached the herd. Within a hundred yards of the fleeing buffalo, the Grand Duke, not accustomed to shooting from a running horse, fired, but missed. Cody rode up close beside Alexei, handed him his own famed .48-caliber rifle, "Lucretia", the one with which he claimed to have killed 4,200 buffalo and advised him not to fire until he was on the flank of the buffalo. When Alexei tried again, he brought down his game. The hide of the dead buffalo was carefully removed and dressed; the Grand Duke took it home as a souvenir of his hunt on the western plains. Twenty to thirty animals were killed on the first day of the hunt. The party returned early to camp, where there was a liberal supply of champagne and other beverages provided, and the evening was spent in frontier style.
The next morning Spotted Tail requested him to hunt by the side of Two Lance, chief of the Nakota Sioux tribe, so that he could see a demonstration of the Indian way of hunting. Coming up to a heard of buffalo, Two Lance demonstrated his skill by killing a large animal with one arrow which passed entirely through the body of the running buffalo. The arrow was preserved and given to Alexei. The Grand Duke killed two buffalo, one of them at 100 paces distance, with a pistol shot.
On the conclusion of the hunt, when returning to Fort McPherson, General Sheridan proposed that William Cody take the reins and show Alexei the old style of stage driving over the plains with the horses at full gallop. The heavy ambulance bounded over the rough prairie, while the occupants could hardly keep their seats. Grand Duke Alexei was pleased with his hunting trip. When he and Cody parted in Fort McPherson, he presented Cody with a fur coat and expensive cuff links.
From there the train continued to Denver where the Grand Duke arrived on 17 January. While in Denver, he attended an honorary ball sponsored by the Pioneer Club and visited some mines. Alexei apparently loved the new sport he had just learned and hunted buffalo again near Colorado Springs, on his return trip from Denver through Kansas to St. Louis. However, the horses used to hunt in eastern Colorado were cavalry mounts and unaccustomed to buffalo; several hunters were injured during the resulting confusion. Alexei was unhurt and succeeded in killing as many as 25 buffalo. He even shot a few more from the train on its way across western Kansas toward Topeka, which was reached on 22 January. It is claimed that, by the time they reached St. Louis, the party's supply of caviar and champagne had been exhausted.
General Custer became one of the Duke's best friends. He accompanied the Duke and his entourage through Kansas, to St. Louis, New Orleans, and finally to Florida. They continued to correspond with one another up until Custer's death. In the United States, the hunt is remembered as "The Great Royal Buffalo Hunt". Starting from the year 2000, Hayes Center, Nebraska organizes each year the "Grand Duke Alexis Rendezvous" featuring a reenactment of the buffalo hunt.
Grand Duke Alexei received as a gift from chief Spotted Tail an Indian wigwam and a bow and arrows. The Grand Duke took them back to St. Petersburg. At present they are kept at the museum in Tver. In memory of his adventures in the America, the Grand Duke organized every year a special entertainment. The actors arrived to a village of tents in old carriages drawn by heavy horses. On the palaces lake there were "Indian" pirogues. Men with swords and tomahawks danced with women dressed in long old skirts. The performance was supposed to give the attendance an image of the American Old West.
The southern states.
While in St. Louis, the Grand Duke made a short visit to Cincinnati on 26 January On 28 January he left by train for Louisville, Kentucky, where he visited the Mammoth Cave 
Visit to New Orleans.
In New Orleans Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich attended the 1872 Mardi Gras celebrations, where he was guest of honor reviewing the inaugural Rex parade.
There are many legends related to the Grand Duke's visit to New Orleans. Though it has been claimed that local business leaders had planned the first daytime parade to honor the Grand Duke, but this was not true. New Orleans was struggling to recover from the lingering effects of the civil war. At the same time, many city leaders saw the need to bring some order to the chaotic street parades of Mardi Gras day. They had planned the parade all along and took the opportunity to capitalize on the Grand Duke's visit. A new krewe of prominent citizens was formed, calling itself the School of Design and its ruler was to be Rex (the organization is now known as the "Rex Organization"). The group of young men who founded the Rex Organization hoped not only to entertain the Grand Duke, but also to create a daytime parade that would be attractive and fun for the citizens of the city and their guests. They selected one of their members, Lewis J. Salomon, the organization's fund-raiser to be the first Rex, King of Carnival. Before he could begin his reign, he had to borrow a crown, scepter, and costume from Lawrence Barrett, a distinguished Shakespearean actor who was performing "Richard III" at the Varieties Theater.
At the same time, Lydia Thompson's tour had reached New Orleans and the Bluebeard burlesque was staged at the Academy of Music on St. Charles Avenue. Rumours of the courtship between the Grand Duke and the actress had reached New Orleans and were amplified mainly to ensure a full house. The Duke had already seen the performance and was a no-show, hanging out at the Jockey Club. Besides, the Grand Duke's preferences had shifted and he was captivated by the diminutive actress Lotta Crabtree who had one of the main roles in the play "The Little Detective". Though the encounter was brief, Alexis sent her a bracelet of diamonds, opals and pearls in Memphis, her next stop after New Orleans.
The Duke however attended the Rex parade. According to legend, the song "If Ever I Cease to Love", was chosen as anthem of the Rex parade, because it was claimed to be the Duke's favorite tune. Actually, the silly song had been written by George Leybourne and published in London in 1871. The song was already popular in New Orleans before the first Rex parade in 1872. the local adaptation of the lyrics was likely done local journalist E. C. Hancock whose newspaper had already published a spoof of the song in 1871. The lyrics of the song were adapted to the occasion and changed to:
""May the Grand Duke Alexis<br>Ride a buffalo in Texas<br>If Ever I Cease to Love""
The Grand Duke never rode a buffalo in Texas, but Nebraska doesn’t rhyme with Alexis.
It is also claimed that the Grand Duke was also given the honour of selecting the official colours for Mardi Gras, and using the heraldic traditions, selected purple for justice, green for faith, and gold for power. The claim that these were the colors of the Romanov family is however incorrect. The Meaning and Origin of Purple, Green, and Gold in Mardi Gras Rex selected the official Mardi Gras colors in 1872. The 1892 Rex Parade theme Symbolism of Colors gave meaning to the colors: purple represents justice; green, faith; and gold, power. If any credence should be given for the colours being chosen by Duke Alexis Romanoff himself, then it may well be for the exotic citrus-based drink he introduced to New Orleans locals during that visit, which embodied lemons, limes and variant on the dark purple tonics of the day. (Lemon|Gold, Lime|Green, Tonic|Purple). This drink had been used as a cure for scurvy in the British Navy, In 1747, Lind, an officer and naval surgeon in the British Royal Navy, established the fact that oranges and lemons were effective in curing scurvy. He divided patients into 6 groups of 2 and gave each group a different remedy. Only the group given oranges and lemons recovered. The British used predominantly lime juice instead of lemon or orange juice to prevent the disease, and the sailors became known as limeys. The Grand Duke had lobbied, unsuccessfully, to have this drink adopted widely in the Russian Navy and although not officially adopted, the Grand Duke ordered the drink to be taken daily by his crews, and rates of scurvy among his men vanished. The drink was an instant hit among the attendees of Mardi Gras that year. The drink still survives today as a local recipe in New Orleans and various parts of the state of Louisiana as Citron, Chaux et Bitter.
The parade which the Grand Duke attended, bears little resemblance to present day parades. Rex rode a horse, not a float and the parade that followed was made up largely of the informal maskers and marchers. There were however bands who stopped and played the Russian national anthem in honor of the Grand Duke. But many traditions such as the selection of Rex, the King of the Parade, the Rex anthem, the parade's colors date back to the Grand Duke's visit.
The Russian fleet set sail from Pensacola, Florida of 22 February 1872. It is claimed that hundreds of pounds of iced buffalo meat were carefully stowed aboard.
While Libbie Custer, General Custer's wife, believed the grand duke was more interested in "pretty girls and music" than the country he was passing through, Alexei did spend most of his time trying to get an understanding of the country.
Goodwill mission to Japan.
The voyage to the Far East.
On its way home the Russian squadron first stopped in Havana, Cuba, which it reached on 29 February. At that time, Cuba was still a Spanish colony and in the middle of the Ten Years' War against the insurgents, who had attempted to declare the island’s independence. Though fighting was still going on the western part of the island against the rebels under the command of Carlos Manuel de Céspedes, the hostilities did not prevent governor Blas Villate, count of Valmaceda to receive the Grand Duke with full honors. During his stay in Havana, balls were organized every evening. Alexei also attended the operas "Crispino e la Comare" and "Martha" at the Great Theatre of Havana where, at the beginning of the play, the opera choir sang the Russian national anthem. The Grand Duke also visited the works of the Canal de Vento (now called Acueducto de Albear) for the water supply of the city, saw a cock fight in the city of Marianao and a corrida in the "Plaza de Torros" of Havana. In the following days he also went to the Yumurí River valley and to the city of Matanzas
The Russian squadron then stopped in Rio de Janeiro where it arrived on 3 June 1872. The Grand Duke entertained Emperor Pedro II of Brazil and the imperial court aboard the "Svetlana". The Brazilian emperor awarded him the Imperial Order of Dom Pedro I. The Grand Duke looked slightly disappointed and said that he had hoped for the Imperial Order of the Rose, a lower order, because he had never seen a more beautiful order. Pedro II graciously awarded him both orders. Thereafter, he spent several days in Brazil, leaving on 9 June.
Sailing to the Far East, the squadron stopped in Cape Town, Batavia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Canton and Shanghai 
Tour of Japan.
On 15 October 1872 the Russian squadron cast anchor in Nagasaki harbour, where he was greeted by the governor. The program of the Grand Duke included a ceremonial dinner in his honour, visits to the surrounding countryside and a tournament of 60 best wrestlers of Japan. On 22 October Alexei and his staff visited a little village Inasa where a Russian colony lived. The Russian delegation visited two hotels named "Kronstadt" and "Moscow" as well as the Russian cemetery.
The Russian squadron left Nagasaki on 24 October, the next port of call being Kobe, where the Grand Duke was again greeted by the provincial governor. The Russians were surprised by the jinrikshas which they saw for the first time. They used rickshaws for their trip to the Nunobeki water falls in the proximity of the city. Grand Duke Alexei also attended a performance at the local theatre in Kobe.
On 1 November the Russian squadron set sail for Yokohama. The Grand Duke was met by Prince Arisugawa Taruhito, the Daijō daijin (Chancellor of the Realm) who escorted him to Edo Castle. At the castle Alexei met Soejima Taneomi Head of the Gaimushō (Department of Foreign Affairs). who made the arrangements for the accommodation and the entertainment of the Russian delegation. On 5 November, the Grand Duke was officially received by Japanese Emperor Meiji.
Emperor Meiji, presented his portrait a gift for the Tsar, the first time ever a Japanese emperor's portrait was given to a foreigner, and asked for a portrait of Alexander II in return. The Great Prince Alexeis promised to send the portrait as soon as he got back to St.-Petersburg, and, as soon as he came on board the "Svetlana", sent his own portrait to thank the Mikado. The exchange continued and, the next day, the Emperor sent over the portraits of his spouse and mother.
On 9 November, Alexei and the Mikado viewed the parade of the Japanese armed forces, and upon his return to the palace, he was introduced to the Empress Masako. After a few days, the Mikado at the invitation of the Grand Duke, the Mikado went to Yokohama to see the Russian squadron. Following the Grand Duke's intervention, 34 Japanese Christians were pardoned by the Mikado and released.
On 26 November the Russian squadron set sail for Vladivostok reaching the base of the Russian Pacific Fleet on 5 December nearly a year and a half after it had left from Kronstadt. He then returned to St. Petersburg across Siberia.
Palace of Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich.
After his return from America, Grand Duke Alexei was concerned about an appropriate residence. He purchased an older building located at 122 Moika River Embankment in Saint Petersburg. The building was completely redesigned and rebuilt by architect Maximilian Messmacher having a total surface of 9,200 sq.m. It is considered one of the most interesting examples of Saint Petersburg's eclectic architecture. The architect used a different style for each façade. The wrought iron and stone fence surrounding the palace and its gardens is also an interesting feature. The central gates are still ornamented with the Grand Duke's monogram, the meaning of which was overlooked by the Soviet authorities. In 1910 part of the gardens were sold for the construction of a candy factory. Though the palace was declared a national landmark in 1968, it remained in disrepair for many years.
At present, the palace is undergoing major restoration. It will be open in December 2008 as the House of Music.
Military career.
In 1873, Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich was appointed head of the Imperial Naval Guards. He was also appointed member of the section for shipbuilding and naval artillery of the Russian Naval Technical Committee.
During the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878) he was promoted commander of the Russian Naval Forces on the Danube. On 9 January 1878 he was distinguished with the Order of St. George – Fourth Degree for ""tireless and successful management of the naval forces and equipment on 14 June 1877 for the construction and maintenance of the pontoon bridges and crossings at Zimnicea, Pietroşani and Nikopol and for the successful measures for protecting these crossing from destruction by enemy forces.""
In 1880 he was promoted general adjutant. In 1882 after the accession of Tsar Alexander III to the throne, Alexander III, Alexei was appointed head of the Naval Department, replacing Grand Duke Konstantin Nikolaievich. In 1883 he was also appointed General-Admiral of the Russian Imperial Fleet.
Though his control over the day-to-day affairs of the military is limited, Alexei is involved in naval and military planning. His influence over the Tsar gives him a powerful say in strategic decision-making.
Besides being the head of Russia's fleets, Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich was also in command of the naval cadet corps, the Moskow guard regiment, the 37-th Ekaterinburg infantry regiment, the 77-th Tenginsk infantry regiment, and the 17-th Eastern Siberian infantry regiment.
As commander in chief of the navy, the Grand Duke's main concern was the constant modernization of the fleet, taking into account the rapid technological progress. During his tenure he ensured a fivefold increase of the navy's budget. He was able to launch a series of pre-dreadnought battleships which were replacing the old ironclad ships. Thus he was instrumental in the equipment of the Russian navy with several battleships of various classes:
He also had older ironclads of the "Imperator Aleksandr II" class reconstructed by the Fench La Seyne yard. He also put new cruisers in service (among which the "Aurora").
The Grand Duke was instrumental in the modernization of the Russian navy. reconstructed and developed of the military harbours of Sevastopol, Alexander III in Livada (now Liepāja, Latvia) and Port Arthur, increased of the number of navy yards and extended the dry-docks in Kronstadt, Vladivostok and Sevastopol. He also reorganized the navy, defining the conditions for different naval qualifications, drafting of rules for rewarding long-time service of first and second rank ship captains, restructuring of the corps of mechanical engineers and naval engineers, increasing the number of officers and crew.
When tensions mounted in the Far East, Grand Duke Alexei ordered the transfer of additional ships to Port Arthur, including the battleship "Petropavlovsk".
Russian academician and naval engineer Alexei Nikolaevich Krylov shows that, despite these achievements, there were severe drawbacks in the Grand Duke's activity. There was no strategic planning and ships were not built based on their intended role within the fleet. There were too many ships of different types. Ships were designed mainly by copying the ones of foreign navies, and were therefore technologically 6–7 year old when they were launched. Their armour and equipment was often inadequate.
The Grand Duke seems to have become aware of some the these deficiencies. He decided to have more battleships of a single type and to have them designed abroad to meet the needs of the Russian navy. However, though the Grand Duke was an admirer of the British navy, the new battleships were conceived in France and had a poor design. The new "Borodino"-class battleships had tumblehome hulls and were unstable, having a high center of gravity. The drawbacks proved to be fatal for the Russian navy.
At the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War, in 1904 the Russian First Pacific Squadron was able to resist the Japanese attack during the Battle of the Yellow Sea. However, the squadron was destroyed during the battle for Port Arthur, and the Baltic Fleet, sent for reinforcement was completely defeated in the Battle of Tsushima. On 2 June 1905 O.S., Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovitch was relieved of his command and retired.
Life at the Russian court.
His critics talked of Alexei's life as consisting of "fast women and slow ships", referring to his womanizing and the defeat of the Russian navy by the Japanese. This statement is not justified, because, despite any drawbacks, his contribution to the modernization of the Russian Navy was outstanding. Away from his desk Alexei devoted his time to the good things of life. He entertained generously and collected fine silver and other works of art to adorn his palace. Sometimes he designed his own clothes. A womanizer, he spent his vacations in Paris or in Biarritz, each time in the company of a different lady.
Around the late 1880s he started a celebrated affair with the Duchess of Leuchtenberg, the morganatic wife of one of his cousins Eugène von Leuchtenberg. Born Zinaida Skobelyeva, "Zina" was a strikingly beautiful woman who had married Eugeni of Leuchtenberg as his second wife in 1870. Alexander II made her Countess de Beauharnais and Alexander III raised her to Serene Highness and Duchess of Leuchtenberg. Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich was so besotted with her that he conducted an affair openly, under her husband's roof and in his full knowledge. Eugeni Leuchtenberg drank away most of his fortune, and for years he and Zinaida lived off his cousin's generosity. Even after his wife's death in 1899 the Duke continued to live under Alexei's roof.
Besides his military duties, Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich also was chairman of the Imperial Commission for the Promotion of Ballet.
In 1904, Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich was one of the godparents of Tsarevich Alexei, the other godparents being the Dowager Empress Maria Feodorovna, Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany, King Edward VII of the United Kingdom, King Christian IX of Denmark, Grand Duke Ernest Ludwig of Hesse, Grand Duchess Alexandra Iosifovna, Grand Duke Michael Nikolaevich, Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaievna. Besides, all soldiers serving in the military during the Russo-Japanese War were declared godfathers to Alexei.
Death.
After the assassination of his brother Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia in February 1905 and his retirement in disgrace from the navy in June that same year, Alexei Alexandrovich spent most of his time in a Paris house which he had bought in 1897. At his house in Avenue Gabriel he kept open door for writers, painters, actors and especially actresses. He had always been less interested in the armed services than in art and fashion, and he had long since been recognized as a connoisseur of the social, artistic and literary life of Paris. His massive frame was a familiar sight at restaurants and theaters, particularly on first nights. His last public appearance, a week before his death, was at the dress rehearsal of a new play at the vaudeville. Decades of comfort and good living eventually took their toll on the Grand Duke's health. He died of pneumonia in Paris on 27 November (14 November O.S.) 1908. His death was said to have devastated Tsar Nicholas II, his nephew, who reportedly claimed Alexei as his favourite uncle. In 2006 the diary of Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich was found in the Russian National Library along with Yussupov funds. The journal, written in English, begins in 1862 and ends in 1907. It has not been published yet.
Popular culture.
The Grand Duke's western hunt is alluded to in the film version of "Maverick", starring Mel Gibson. In the film, the Duke is hustled, after he has grown bored with hunting animals, into thinking he has killed a Native American.
He is also described by Boris Akunin in his novel "The Coronation of the Last Romanov" (Коронация, или Последний из Романовых) where he is presented as the character Georgi Aleksandrovich.
The 1973 Lucky Luke comic book "Le Grand Duc" features a Russian Grand Duke who visits the Wild West.

</doc>
<doc id="2879221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879221" title="Influences on Francis Bacon (artist)">
Influences on Francis Bacon (artist)

The painter Francis Bacon was largely self-taught as an artist. As well as other visual artists, Bacon drew inspiration from the poems of T. S. Eliot, Ezra Pound and Yeats, the plays of Aeschylus, Sophocles and Shakespeare; Proust and the Joyce's Ulysses.

</doc>
<doc id="2879231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879231" title="366th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
366th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 366th Infantry Regiment was an all African American (segregated) unit of the United States Army that served with distinction in both World War I and World War II. The unit was one of the exceptional Negro units with all its own officers and personnel; the U.S. military did not desegregate until after World War II, and in most of the segregated units, all of the officers were white. During World War II, the unit saw combat in Italy as part of the 92nd Infantry Division (colored), 5th Army.
__TOC__
World War I.
The 366th Infantry was constituted 16 August 1917 in the National Army as the 366th Infantry and assigned to the 92nd Division and organized at Camp Dodge, Iowa, in November 1917.
In WWI the regiment served overseas as a part of the 92nd Division, National Army and earned credit for battle participation as follows: 
The 366th Infantry was demobilized 25 March 1919 at Fort Oglethorpe, Georgia, and reconstituted 16 December 1940 in the Regular Army.
World War II.
It was activated 10 February 1941 at Fort Devens, Massachusetts and assigned to the Eastern Defense Command on 30 April 1942.
Combat chronicle.
Colonel Howard Donovan Queen was the commanding officer (CO) at the time of embarkation in March 1944. Although the 366th Infantry had been at "combat readiness", after a prolonged period which was devoted only to guard duty, Queen felt that they needed at least three months for preparation to be "combat ready". Queen wrote a significant request for withdrawal from active command and included his guarded reservations in regard to his deeply held tenets. In spite of this it was decided in November 1944 to attach the 366th Infantry to the 92nd Division.
Prior to the attachment of the 366th Infantry, the 92nd Division saw action at the Battle of Monte Cassino, and were in the vanguard of the 5th Army's liberation of Rome as one of the first units to reach the city, two days before the Normandy Invasion. (As a gesture of thanks, they received a papal blessing at a special ceremony in Saint Peter's Square.)
General.
The 366th Infantry Regiment was awarded two campaign streamers for the Colors; the first for Meuse-Argonne Lorraine (September 1918 to November 1918), and the second for Rome-Arno (January 1944 to September 1944).
The Regimental Shield incorporated the Cross of Lorraine. The was, ""Labor Conquers All Things.""

</doc>
<doc id="2879237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879237" title="My Life As a Man">
My Life As a Man

My Life As a Man (1974) is American writer Philip Roth's seventh novel.
Summary.
The work is split into two sections: the first section, "Useful Fictions," consisting of two short stories about a character named Nathan Zuckerman, and the second section, "My True Story," which takes the form of a first-person memoir by Peter Tarnopol, a Jewish writer who authored the two stories in the first section.
Themes.
"My Life As a Man" is the first of Roth's work that tackles the issue of the writer's relationship to his work, a theme he would develop in subsequent novels, particularly "Operation Shylock". In his autobiography, Roth reveals that much of Tarnopol's life is based on his own experiences; for example, Roth's destructive marriage to , which is portrayed through Tarnopol's relationship with the character of Maureen.
Reception.
In The New York Times Book Review, critic Morris Dickstein compared the novel to its predecessor "Portnoy's Complaint":
No writer, not even Mailer or Lowell, has contributed more to the confessional climate than Philip Roth. Thanks to "Portnoy's Complaint" a good slice of contemporary fiction seems to come verbatim from the writer's own hours on the couch. This would be a dubious distinction had Roth's book not also boldly altered the tone of our confessional writing, most of which had been lugubrious and realistic, smothered in angst and high-seriousness. Reaching back instead to the raunchy, delirious autobiographical manner of Henry Miller and CÈline--indeed, perpetuating an unseemly imitation of the latter's great "Death on the Installment Plan"--Roth pitched his anguish in such a low comic strain that the effect was irresistible. If there has been a funnier novel in the last 10 years, or one that exploits sex, psychoanalysis, and the "family romance" more brilliantly, I don't know what it could be.
...Like Rousseau's "Confessions" and its modern progeny, "My Life as a Man" is reckless in inviting us to review the man rather than the writer: that's part of its appeal. To get the story out Roth is willing to look not only ignoble and self-centered, but also foolish, helpless, even a little ugly (as in Peter's final satisfaction at his wife's death). But if the personal-confessional mode highlights Roth's limitations it also returns him to the day-to-day carnival of human folly that he can describe so ringingly, so comically, even as it goes on tormenting him.

</doc>
<doc id="2879266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879266" title="Bollywood Film Festival">
Bollywood Film Festival

Bollywood Film Festival is a film festival held annually in Prague, Czech Republic. It was first launched in 2004 and its mission is to present India´s Bollywood films to a Czech audience. The song/dance and dramatic storylines which are typical of many Indian films are finding popularity in European culture.

</doc>
<doc id="2879269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879269" title="Sudice (Opava District)">
Sudice (Opava District)

Sudice formerly Zauditz also Czauditz (, ) located within the historical and geographical region of Upper Silesia, is now a border town in the district of Opava () present day Czech Republic, that since medieval times held a municipal charter and enjoyed Town privileges (German town law).
Within present day Czech Republic it belongs to the administrative Moravian-Silesian Region and is located in the northern tip of the micro Hlučín Region, close to the border with Poland. Its Polish town neighbour Pietraszyn is about a kilometer away.
History.
The settlement of Zauditz, first mentioned in 14th century written records, was part of the Duchy of Troppau (Opava) then in the possession of Prince Nicholas II Duke of Troppau (Opava), who in year 1327 sold Zauditz to the Dominican Order of friars from a monastery seated in neighbouring Racibórz (). As a consequence of this acquisition and conveyance to the Dominican Order, Zauditz being formerly part of a fief, had now become a "free village" () enjoying local autonomy and jurisdiction within the Holy Roman Empire, similar to a free imperial city. Soon after, Zauditz elevated to and was granted town charter status ("Stadtrechte" in German) enjoying the autonomy of town privileges (German town law).

</doc>
<doc id="2879271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879271" title="Kilauea-class ammunition ship">
Kilauea-class ammunition ship

The "Kilauea" class ammunition ship is a class of eight United States Navy cargo vessels designed for underway replenishment of naval warships. The ships were constructed 1968–72 and were initially commissioned naval ships, carrying a crew of naval personnel. At various dates 1980–96 these ships were decommissioned and transferred to the Military Sealift Command for civilian operation. They will eventually all be replaced by the s. The lead ship of the class, , was commissioned on 10 August 1968, and the last, the , on 16 December 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="2879287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879287" title="Balabanov">
Balabanov

Balabanov (Balaban, Balabanoff, Ballabon, etc.) and their derivatives (-ovs, -ich, etc.) are common last names in Serbia, Bulgaria, Ukraine and Russia.
Origins of the name.
Possible origins of the name according to Dr. Tudor Balabanov:

</doc>
<doc id="2879305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879305" title="Stone Soup (comic strip)">
Stone Soup (comic strip)

Stone Soup, named for the "stone soup" fable, is an internationally syndicated American comic strip written and illustrated by Jan Eliot. The comic strip began as a weekly in 1990. The syndicated daily strip debuted in November 1995.
The Stone family features a family headed by single mother Val, an uncommon contrast with the ordinary nuclear family depicted in more traditional strips. As the author explained,
It is common for strip storylines to consist of household squabbles and arguments that are not resolved. Unlike many strips, the characters do age, but at a very slow rate. Val has celebrated her 38th and 39th birthdays in the strip; Alix and Holly were 9 and 12 when the strip began, and are now 10 and 13.
Characters.
Recurring characters.
Val's book club.
Val belongs to a book club with an assortment of characters from other strips, including Elly from "For Better or Worse", Alice from "Dilbert", and Rose/Vicki the biker chick from "Rose Is Rose". "Cathy" was mentioned, but "couldn't come till she found the right man and lost 10 pounds." The book club also threw a baby shower for Joan, which takes place in the book "There's No "WE" in Crowning" (published in 2007). This is a short collection that takes the reader from the first onset of Joan's pregnancy till the birth of Luci by a midwife at home. 
Strips featuring the book club have appeared on at least two occasions and are republished in the 2005 trade paperback collection. (See below.)

</doc>
<doc id="2879312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879312" title="Acacia coriacea">
Acacia coriacea

Acacia coriacea, commonly known as river jam, wirewood, desert oak, wiry wattle or dogwood, is a tree in the family Mimosoideae of family Fabaceae. A. coriacea occurs throughout northern Australia, growing as a tall tree on the banks of rivers. It can also occur as a spreading, low tree behind coastal dunes and on 'spinifex' plains. 
River jam grows to a height of about eight metres. It usually has just one or two main trunks. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are thick and leathery, between twenty and thirty centimetres long, and narrow. The flowers are yellow, and held in spherical clusters about five millimetres in diameter. The pods are usually curled up, but are around twenty centimetres long when straightened. They are greatly constricted between the seeds.
Common name issues.
In some parts of A. coriacea's range the common name "desert oak" is prevalent, but throughout the larger part of that range this name is often applied to another tree, Allocasuarina decaisneana. 
The name "Dogwood" is used for numerous plant species in Australia and elsewhere, see Dogwood (disambiguation).
Varieties.
There are three subspecies.

</doc>
<doc id="2879315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879315" title="Palestinian National Initiative">
Palestinian National Initiative

Palestinian National Initiative () is a Palestinian political movement or party led by Dr Mustafa Barghouti.
Its formation was formally announced on 17 June 2002 in Ramallah on the West Bank, part of the Palestinian Territories, by Haidar Abdel-Shafi, Dr Mustafa Barghouthi and Ibrahim Dakkak.
The PNI views itself as a "democratic third force" in Palestinian politics and opposes the dichotomy between Fatah (which it views as corrupt and undemocratic) and Hamas (which it views as extremist and fundamentalist).
Ideology.
The platform of the PNI states:
""Only through the establishment of a sovereign, independent, viable and democratic Palestinian state on all of the territories occupied by Israel in 1967, with East Jerusalem as its capital, can a just peace be achieved."
"The Initiative calls for the implementation of relevant United Nations resolutions requiring the withdrawal of the Israeli army from the West Bank and Gaza and safeguarding the internationally recognized right of Palestinian refugees to return to their homeland.""
The PNI defines this as collective Palestinian goals but sees as its own role to democratize and unite the Palestinian movement, with the focus on the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). It has campaigned extensively for democratic reform within the PNA and advocates a national emergency government encompassing all factions (including the islamist Hamas) as a means of stopping autocracy and lawlessness in Palestinian politics. This is in part motivated by the desire for democracy and in part by the inefficiency and self-destructive tendencies of the Palestinian factional system.
The PNI demands the proclamation of a single political direction, to be determined democratically, and a single policy for achieving these goals. The PNI itself believes that the methods used should be based on a reversion of what it refers to as the "militarization" of the and a continued struggle by peaceful means. It has no armed wing and does not use nor advocate violence, although it states that it supports in principle a right of resistance to occupation.
Supporter base and leaders.
The PNI is dominated by secular intellectuals, some of them former members of the left-wing Palestinian People's Party. It is strongly based in civil society organizations and NGOs operating in the Palestinian Territories and has extensive connections with foreign aid and support groups. Its lack of a role within the PLO and in the PNA has greatly reduced its visibility to ordinary Palestinians.
The PNI has gained some support among Palestinian exiles, most notably the late Edward Said, but is extremely weak or non-existent in the main refugee communities in Jordan, Lebanon and Syria.
The Initiative is led by a General Secretary, with Mustafa Barghouti occupying that post since its founding.
Election results.
Mustafa Barghouti campaigned on a platform of democratization as the PNI's candidate in the January 9, 2005 Palestinian presidential elections, and in the absence of a Hamas candidate (due to the Hamas' policy of boycotting all PNA institutions) quickly became the leading opponent to PLO chairman Mahmoud Abbas. Barghouti was also endorsed by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, after that group failed in its attempts to organize a single candidacy for all secular Palestinian factions outside Fatah.
During the campaign, Barghouti's fame snowballed after the international press picked up his name as the main opposition candidate. He was twice arrested by the Israel Defense Forces, suffering a broken knee in custody, and complained of discrimination by both the Abbas-run PNA and Israel, which he accused of covertly backing Abbas's candidacy. In the final results, he polled 19.48%, with Abbas gaining 62.52% and the remaining five candidates all coming in below 3.5%.
The PNI also ran, together with some like-minded independents under an umbrella list called Independent Palestine, in the Palestinian Legislative Council elections in January 2006. The Independent Palestine list netted about 2.7% of the votes, thereby garnering two seats on the Council, which will be filled by Mustafa Barghouti and Rawya Rashad Sa-eed al-Shawa. [http://www.elections.ps/template.aspx?id=291] 
Palestinian local elections
The PNI made minor gains in the first phase of the Palestinian local elections, in January 2005 after the presidential elections.
In the next stage of elections, conducted in May 2005, the PNI by itself or in coalitions won a majority in at least six localities, with a total 10% of the vote for candidates outside Fatah and Hamas.
In the third phase of the Palestinian local elections, held on the West Bank on 29 September, the PNI ran by itself or in coalitions in 18 out of 104 municipalities and won control over the local councils in 16 of these.
The fourth and last phase of the elections have been postponed until December.
See also.
List of political parties in the Palestinian National Authority

</doc>
<doc id="2879320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879320" title="Le Bocage International School">
Le Bocage International School

About.
Le Bocage International School (LBIS) is an English-medium, private international school offering educational services to boys and girls from the ages of 11-19. LBIS was founded in 1990 and is located at Mount Ory, Moka (Mauritius). LBIS prepares students for the IGCSE and the International Baccalaureate examinations.
Facilities.
The school has more than forty teaching rooms including four science laboratories (physics laboratory, chemistry laboratory, biology laboratory), three computer rooms, two art studios, three Design & Technology workshops, a home economics laboratory, a music room and a large purpose-built library with a host of approx. 9,500 resources ranging from science books to fictional books. 
Outdoor facilities include a playing field, outdoor hard court surfaces and a multi-purpose sports hall, completed in 2001, which also functions as an auditorium for the many special events held each year such as International Night, Graduation Ceremony and National Day
Enrollment & Student Body.
Students are enrolled in Forms 1-7 (UK years 7-13, US grades 6-12) that comprise approximately twenty-seven nationalities. Students come from a wide variety of social and cultural backgrounds, and most are bilingual. 89% of the students are Mauritian.
Accreditation.
LBIS is accredited by the Mauritian Ministry of Education and is a fully accredited member of the Council of International Schools (CIS)
Governance.
LBIS is operated by PROGOS, a non-profit making company that exists solely for the purpose of offering an English medium international education. The Board of Directors is the ultimate authority and delegates management of the school to the Headmaster.
Teaching staff & posts of responsibility.
The School employs approximately seventy qualified teachers, many of which hold postgraduate qualifications in education. There are also three librarians, a careers counsellor, a guidance counsellor, a Special Educational Needs team of three teachers and a nurse. 
Curriculum responsibilities are shared by Heads of Department in eight key learning areas and the coordinators of the Middle Years, IGCSE and IB Diploma programmes of study.
Language Policy.
The school is an English medium school.
Academic Programme.
The school prepares students for higher education in Mauritius, or abroad. There are three developmental levels of learning adopted, which are as follows:
Currently the curriculum is having some changes to work with the MYP program.

</doc>
<doc id="2879321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879321" title="Gopher (Winnie-the-Pooh)">
Gopher (Winnie-the-Pooh)

Gopher is a fictional grey anthropomorphic gopher, character who first appeared in the 1966 Disney animated film "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree", introducing himself as Samuel J. Gopher. He has a habit of whistling out his sibilant consonants, one of various traits he has in common with the beaver in "Lady and the Tramp", by whom he may have been inspired. Gopher was fleshed out a bit further in the television series "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh". He is portrayed as generally hard-working, especially in his tunnels (which he inevitably falls into at least once). He does not appear in the original books by A. A. Milne (a fact that is regularly pointed out in "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree", when he breaks the fourth wall by saying he's "not in the book, y'know", also trying to say that he would not be in a phone book). Gopher's voice was originally done by Howard Morris, who retired from the role and was replaced by Michael Gough.
Gopher's most recent appearances were in "A Winnie the Pooh Thanksgiving" and "Winnie the Pooh: A Valentine for You". He also made minor appearances in "A Very Merry Pooh Year" and appeared in "Boo to You Too! Winnie the Pooh", which was included as part of "Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie". To date, this is Gopher's last appearance in the "Winnie the Pooh" media line.
Gopher was notably absent in the 2011 film, "Winnie the Pooh".

</doc>
<doc id="2879340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879340" title="Suribachi-class ammunition ship">
Suribachi-class ammunition ship

The "Suribachi"-class ammunition ships are a class of two auxiliary vessels of the United States Navy. They were among the first specialized underway replenishment ships built after the Second World War. The s are sometimes considered part of this class.
"Mauna Kea" was used for target practice in 2006, and "Suribachi" was scrapped in the summer of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2879344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879344" title="Třebom">
Třebom

Třebom () is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 210 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2879346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879346" title="John Bruce">
John Bruce

John Bruce may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2879356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879356" title="William J. Ruane">
William J. Ruane

William J. Ruane (October 24, 1925 – October 4, 2005) was a Wall Street investment manager and philanthropist. 
Ruane graduated from the University of Minnesota in 1945 with a degree in electrical engineering and from Harvard Business School in 1949. He enlisted in the U.S. Navy and was on his way to Japan when World War II ended. He met Warren Buffett at an investment seminar with value investing guru Benjamin Graham and he and Buffett became lifelong friends. Buffett advised associates to invest with Ruane after he had closed out his initial partnership as they both employed Graham's value investing techniques. 
Ruane founded his own investment firm, Ruane Cunniff, with partner Rick Cunniff in 1970, and the same year they launched their flagship Sequoia Fund. Ruane's firm was renamed Ruane, Cunniff, and Goldfarb in 2004, when Robert Goldfarb became president. In 2008, the Sequoia Fund announced it would open its fund to new investors for the first time since 1982.
In 1992 he adopted a block in Harlem, committed to make it a better place, renovating buildings and establishing clinics and community service programs. Ruane gave every child on the block a scholarship to a Catholic school. He also funded programs at public schools and schools on Indian reservations, and contributed to mental health causes. 
Death.
He died at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan, aged 79 (several weeks before his 80th birthday). He was survived by his wife, Joy, and their four children: Billy (1957-2010; a music promoter), Elizabeth, Thomas and Paige Ruane.

</doc>
<doc id="2879361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879361" title="Iceland Ombudsman">
Iceland Ombudsman

The Umboðsmaður Alþingis (Icelandic for, literally, "Ombudsman the Parliament") is an ombudsman appointed by the "Alþingi" (the Parliament of Iceland) to oversee investigation of complaints against local government and government departments in Iceland.
The post of was established in 1987 by the decree of law 13/1987. In 1997, by the decree of law 85/1997, its remit was extended to local government.

</doc>
<doc id="2879365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879365" title="The Winter Album (The Brilliant Green album)">
The Winter Album (The Brilliant Green album)

The Winter Album is the fourth album by The Brilliant Green before their five-year hiatus from 2002 to 2007.
The album is noted as being different from their previous albums as they experimented with electronic and synth beats.

</doc>
<doc id="2879377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879377" title="Nitro-class ammunition ship">
Nitro-class ammunition ship

The "Nitro"-class ammunition ships are a class of three auxiliary vessels of the United States Navy. Launched in 1958-1959, they were among the first specialized underway replenishment ships built after the Second World War, to carry munitions. These and the s are sometimes considered to form a single class. A fourth ship of the class was planned under the 1959 military construction program but was eventually cancelled before construction began. Soon after completion, all ships of the class were modified to stow surface to air missiles as large as the RIM-8 Talos in their holds. Initially ships of the "Nitro" class were armed with eight 3"/50 caliber guns in Mk 33 twin mounts. Two Mk 33 mounts were located on the forecastle and another two were located near the stern. During the mid-1960s all ships of the class had the two Mk 33 mounts near the stern replaced with a helicopter landing pad. This allowed each ship to utilize helicopters during replenishment operations.
The "Nitro"s were decommissioned in 1993-1995 following the end of the Cold War and are currently mothballed.
Known Ships

</doc>
<doc id="2879380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879380" title="Timken Roller Bearing Company">
Timken Roller Bearing Company

The Timken Roller Bearing Company was one of the first to introduce roller bearings for railroad cars. Railroad cars owned and operated by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (ATSF) were some of the first to use roller bearings rather than "oil waste journal" boxes. Henry Timken, German immigrant, invented an improved bearing and founded the company in 1899. It was later renamed The Timken Company.
Passenger cars.
Also, the ATSF was the first company to have roller bearing trucks made by Timken under their passenger cars, much to the delight of their passengers, and the bottom line for the company. Timken commissioned the construction of a demonstration boxcar in 1943 that was first seen at the 1948 Chicago Rail Fair. It was a rolling advertisement for a new way of reducing friction - roller bearings (made by the Timken Roller Bearing Company). The car's trucks lacked the then common axle journal boxes, with the bearings mounted on the ends of the axles outside the wheels.
Locomotives.
United States.
The first locomotive to use roller bearings made by Timken was Timken 1111, a 4-8-4 built by ALCO in 1930. The locomotive was used on 15 American railroads for demonstration runs, and was purchased by Northern Pacific Railroad (NP), the last railroad to try the specially-built locomotive, in 1933. It operated in regular service on NP until it was retired in 1957 and then scrapped.
United Kingdom.
Some UK steam locomotives also used roller bearings. The LMS Turbomotive was fitted with Timken roller bearings, and they were also retrofitted to some of the LMS Coronation class.

</doc>
<doc id="2879382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879382" title="Network For Teaching Entrepreneurship">
Network For Teaching Entrepreneurship

The Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship (Originally National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship), also referred to as NFTE (pronounced Nifty), is an international non-profit organization providing entrepreneurship training and education programs to young people from low-income urban communities.
Through the organization's patented entrepreneurship education, NFTE helps young people build entrepreneurial creativity and skills. Since 1987, NFTE has reached more than 500,000 young people, and currently has programs in 18 states and 10 countries.
NFTE provides a highly academic programs, working with established universities such as Columbia University and University of Pennsylvania, in order to attempt to inspire young adults to recognize opportunity and plan for successful futures, by pursuing educational opportunities and by encouraging starting their own businesses.
History.
Founded in 1987 by business executive and entrepreneur Steve Mariotti, while he was a public high school teacher in New York City’s South Bronx, NFTE was started up as a program to prevent high school dropout and improve academic performance among at-risk urban students. Combining his business background with his desire to teach at-risk students, Mariotti developed his concept based on the theory that low-income youth when given an opportunity in entrepreneurship, can employ their innate “street smarts” to develop “academic smarts” and “business smarts.” 
Programs.
NFTE programs instruct in entrepreneurship using experiential curriculum, developed through associations with major universities, as well as NFTE personnel's own experiences in teaching. There multiple versions designed for middle school, high school, and young adult students, with graduated levels of reading and complexity.
The curriculum may be used in a semester-long or year-long entrepreneurship course work, with the programs are offered in a variety of settings, including public schools, after-school programs at community-based organizations, and summer business camps. Business plan competitions and regional competitions organized by NFTE and program partners, lead to national NFTE competitions each year. Winning students receive a trip to the annual awards dinner in New York City and a grant to apply toward their business or college expenses.
NFTE runs two-week, intensive summer programs for advanced at-risk students, age 13 to 18, called BizCamps. The camp includes field trips, guest speakers and full day, five-days-a-week course work, providing a solid understanding of business. At the end of the camp, students compete for cash awards to fund their businesses or college.

</doc>
<doc id="2879390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879390" title="California State Route 6">
California State Route 6

Two highways in the U.S. state of California have been signed as Route 6:

</doc>
<doc id="2879391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879391" title="Hněvošice">
Hněvošice

Hněvošice (, ) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 1,000 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2879398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879398" title="Kingdom of Greece">
Kingdom of Greece

The Kingdom of Greece (Greek: ) was a state established in 1832 at the Convention of London by the Great Powers (the United Kingdom, France and the Russian Empire). It was internationally recognized by the Treaty of Constantinople, where it also secured full independence from the Ottoman Empire. This event also marked the birth of the first, fully independent, Greek state since the fall of the Byzantine Empire to the Ottomans in the mid-15th century.
The Kingdom succeeded from the Greek provisional governments after the Greek War of Independence, and lasted until 1924. In 1924 the monarchy was abolished, and the Second Hellenic Republic was established. The restored Kingdom of Greece lasted from 1935 to 1974. The Kingdom was again dissolved in the aftermath of the seven-year military dictatorship, and the Third Republic, the current Greek government, came to be.
Background.
Most of Greece gradually became part of the Ottoman Empire in the 15th century. The Eastern Roman or Byzantine Empire, the direct continuation to the ancient Roman Empire who ruled most of the Greek-speaking world for over 1100 years, had been fatally weakened since the sacking of Constantinople by the Latin Crusaders in 1204.
The Ottoman advance into Greece was preceded by victory over the Serbs to its north. First the Ottomans won at 1371 on the Maritsa River — where the Serb forces were led by the King Vukasin Mrnjavcevic, the father of Prince Marko and the co-ruler of the last emperor from the Serbian Nemanjic dynasty. This was followed by another Ottoman victory in the 1389 Battle of Kosovo.
With no further threat by the Serbs and the subsequent Byzantine civil wars, the Ottomans captured Constantinople in 1453 and advanced southwards into Greece, capturing Athens in 1458. The Greeks held out in the Peloponnese until 1460, and the Venetians and Genoese clung to some of the islands, but by 1500 most of the plains and islands of Greece were in Ottoman hands. The mountains of Greece were largely untouched, and were a refuge for Greeks to flee foreign rule and engage in guerrilla warfare.
Cyprus fell in 1571, and the Venetians retained Crete until 1670. The Ionian Islands were only briefly ruled by the Ottomans (Kefalonia from 1479 to 1481 and from 1485 to 1500), and remained primarily under the rule of Venice.
In 1821, the Greeks rose up against the Ottoman Empire. Following a protracted struggle, the autonomy of Greece was first recognized by the Great Powers (the United Kingdom, France, and Russia) in 1829. Count Ioannis Kapodistrias became the head of the Greek government, but he was assassinated in 1831. At the insistence of the Powers, the 1832 Treaty of London made Greece a monarchy. Pedro of Braganza, Prince Royal of Portugal, Brazil, and the Algarves was initially the first candidate for the Greek throne, however he turned down the offer. Otto of Wittelsbach, Prince of Bavaria was chosen as its first King. Otto arrived at the provisional capital, Nafplion, in 1833 aboard a British warship.
History.
Reign of King Otto (1833–1863).
Otto's reign would prove troubled, but managed to last for 30 years before he and his wife, Queen Amalia, left the way they came, aboard a British warship. During the early years of his reign a group of Bavarian Regents ruled in his name, and made themselves very unpopular by trying to impose German ideas of rigid hierarchical government on the Greeks, while keeping most significant state offices away from them. Nevertheless they laid the foundations of a Greek administration, army, justice system and education system. Otto was sincere in his desire to give Greece good government, but he suffered from two great handicaps, his Roman Catholic faith, and the fact that his marriage to Queen Amalia remained childless. In addition, the new Kingdom tried to eliminate the traditional banditry, something that in many cases meant conflict with some old revolutionary fighters (klephtes) who continued to exercise this practise.
The Bavarian Regents ruled until 1837, when at the insistence of Britain and France, they were recalled and Otto thereafter appointed Greek ministers, although Bavarian officials still ran most of the administration and the army. But Greece still had no legislature and no constitution. Greek discontent grew until a revolt broke out in Athens in September 1843. Otto agreed to grant a constitution, and convened a National Assembly which met in November. The new constitution created a bicameral parliament, consisting of an Assembly ("Vouli") and a Senate ("Gerousia"). Power then passed into the hands of a group of politicians, most of whom had been commanders in the War of Independence against the Ottomans.
Greek politics in the 19th century was dominated by the national question. Greeks dreamed of liberating them all and reconstituting a state embracing all the Greek lands, with Constantinople as its capital. This was called the Great Idea ("Megali Idea"), and it was sustained by almost continuous rebellions against Ottoman rule in Greek-speaking territories, particularly Crete, Thessaly and Macedonia. During the Crimean War the British occupied Piraeus to prevent Greece declaring war on the Ottomans as a Russian ally.
A new generation of Greek politicians was growing increasingly intolerant of King Otto's continuing interference in government. In 1862, the King dismissed his Prime Minister, the former admiral Constantine Kanaris, the most prominent politician of the period. This provoked a military rebellion, forcing Otto to accept the inevitable and leave the country. The Greeks then asked Britain to send Queen Victoria's son Prince Alfred as their new king, but this was vetoed by the other Powers. Instead a young Danish prince became King George I. George was a very popular choice as a constitutional monarch, and he agreed that his sons would be raised in the Greek Orthodox faith. As a reward to the Greeks for adopting a pro-British King, Britain ceded the Ionian Islands to Greece.
Reign of King George I (1864–1913).
At the urging of Britain and King George, Greece adopted a much more democratic constitution in 1864. The powers of the King were reduced and the Senate was abolished, and the franchise was extended to all adult males. Nevertheless Greek politics remained heavily dynastic, as it has always been. Family names such as Zaimis, Rallis and Trikoupis occurred repeatedly as Prime Ministers. Although parties were centered around the individual leaders, often bearing their names, two broad political tendencies existed: the liberals, led first by Charilaos Trikoupis and later by Eleftherios Venizelos, and the conservatives, led initially by Theodoros Deligiannis and later by Thrasivoulos Zaimis.
Trikoupis and Deligiannis dominated Greek politics in the later 19th century, alternating in office. Trikoupis favoured co-operation with Great Britain in foreign affairs, the creation of infrastructure and an indigenous industry, raising protective tariffs and progressive social legislation, while the more populist Deligiannis depended on the promotion of Greek nationalism and the "Megali Idea".
Greece remained a very poor country throughout the 19th century. The country lacked raw materials, infrastructure and capital. Agriculture was mostly at the subsistence level, and the only important export commodities were currants, raisins and tobacco. Some Greeks grew rich as merchants and shipowners, and Piraeus became a major port, but little of this wealth found its way to the Greek peasantry. Greece remained hopelessly in debt to London finance houses.
By the 1890s Greece was virtually bankrupt, and public insolvency was declared in 1893. Poverty was rife in the rural areas and the islands, and was eased only by large-scale emigration to the United States. There was little education in the rural areas. Nevertheless there was progress in building communications and infrastructure, and fine public buildings were erected in Athens. Despite the bad financial situation, Athens staged the revival of the Olympic Games in 1896, which proved a great success.
The parliamentary process developed greatly in Greece during the reign of George I. Initially, the royal prerogative in choosing his prime minister remained and contributed to governmental instability, until the introduction of the "dedilomeni" principle of parliamentary confidence in 1875 by the reformist Charilaos Trikoupis. Clientelism and frequent electoral upheavals however remained the norm in Greek politics, and frustrated the country's development. Corruption and Trikoupis' increased spending to create necessary infrastructure like the Corinth Canal overtaxed the weak Greek economy, forcing the declaration of public insolvency in 1893 and to accept the imposition of an International Financial Control authority to pay off the country's debtors.
Another political issue in 19th-century Greece was uniquely Greek: the language question. The Greek people spoke a form of Greek called Demotic. Many of the educated elite saw this as a peasant dialect and were determined to restore the glories of Ancient Greek. Government documents and newspapers were consequently published in "Katharevousa" (purified) Greek, a form which few ordinary Greeks could read. Liberals favoured recognising Demotic as the national language, but conservatives and the Orthodox Church resisted all such efforts, to the extent that, when the New Testament was translated into Demotic in 1901, riots erupted in Athens and the government fell (the "Evangeliaka"). This issue would continue to plague Greek politics until the 1970s.
All Greeks were united, however, in their determination to liberate the Greek-speaking provinces of the Ottoman Empire. Especially in Crete, a prolonged revolt in 1866–1869 had raised nationalist fervour. When war broke out between Russia and the Ottomans in 1877, Greek popular sentiment rallied to Russia's side, but Greece was too poor, and too concerned of British intervention, to officially enter the war. Nevertheless, in 1881, Thessaly and small parts of Epirus were ceded to Greece as part of the Treaty of Berlin, while frustrating Greek hopes of receiving Crete.
Greeks in Crete continued to stage regular revolts, and in 1897, the Greek government under Theodoros Deligiannis, bowing to popular pressure, declared war on the Ottomans. In the ensuing Greco-Turkish War of 1897 the badly trained and equipped Greek army was defeated by the Ottomans. Through the intervention of the Great Powers however, Greece lost only a little territory along the border to Turkey, while Crete was established as an autonomous state under Prince George of Greece.
Nationalist sentiment among Greeks in the Ottoman Empire continued to grow, and by the 1890s there were constant disturbances in Macedonia. Here the Greeks were in competition not only with the Ottomans but also with the Bulgarians, engaged in an armed propaganda struggle for the hearts and minds of the ethnically mixed local population, the so-called "Macedonian Struggle". In July 1908, the Young Turk Revolution broke out in the Ottoman Empire.
Taking advantage of the Ottoman internal turmoil, Austria-Hungary annexed Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Bulgaria declared its independence from the Ottoman Empire. On Crete, the local population, led by a young politician named Eleftherios Venizelos, declared "Enosis", Union with Greece, provoking another crisis. The fact that the Greek government, led by Dimitrios Rallis, proved unable to likewise take advantage of the situation and bring Crete into the fold, rankled with many Greeks, especially with young officers. These formed a secret society, the "Military League", with the purpose of emulating their Ottoman colleagues and seek reforms.
The resulting Goudi coup on 15 August 1909 marked a watershed in modern Greek history: as the military conspirators were inexperienced in politics, they asked Venizelos, who had impeccable liberal credentials, to come to Greece as their political adviser. Venizelos quickly established himself as a powerful political figure, and his allies won the August 1910 elections. Venizelos became Prime Minister in October 1910, ushering a period of 25 years where his personality would dominate Greek politics.
Venizelos initiated a major reform program, including a new and more liberal constitution and reforms in the spheres of public administration, education and economy. French and British military missions were invited for the army and navy respectively, and arms purchases were made. In the meantime, the Ottoman Empire's weaknesses were revealed by the ongoing Italo-Turkish War in Libya.
Through spring 1912, a series of bilateral agreements between the Christian Balkan states (Greece, Bulgaria, Montenegro and Serbia) formed the Balkan League, which in October 1912 declared war on the Ottoman Empire.
The Balkan Wars.
Macedonian front.
Ottoman intelligence had disastrously misread Greek military intentions. In retrospect, it would appear that the Ottoman staffs believed that the Greek attack would be shared equally between the two major avenues of approach, Macedonia and Epirus. The 2nd Army staff had therefore evenly balanced the combat strength of the seven Ottoman divisions between the Yanya Corps and VIII Corps, in Epirus and southern Macedonia respectively. The Greek Army also fielded seven divisions, but, having the initiative, concentrated all seven against VIII Corps, leaving only a number of independent battalions of scarcely divisional strength in the Epirus front. This had fatal consequences for the Western Group of Armies, since it led to the early loss of the strategic center of all three Macedonian fronts, the city of Thessaloniki, a fact that sealed their fate. In an unexpectedly brilliant and rapid campaign, the Army of Thessaly seized the city. In the absence of secure sea lines of communications, the retention of the Thessaloniki-Constantinople corridor was essential to the overall strategic posture of the Ottoman Empire in the Balkans. Once this was gone, the defeat of the Ottoman Army became inevitable. To be sure, the Bulgarians and the Serbs played an important role in the defeat of the main Ottoman armies. Their great victories at Kirkkilise, Lüleburgaz, Kumanovo, and Monastir shattered the Eastern and Vardar Armies. However, these victories were not decisive in the sense that they ended the war. The Ottoman field armies survived, and in Thrace, they actually grew stronger day by day. In the strategic point of view these victories were enabled partially by the weakened condition of the Ottoman armies brought about by the active presence of the Greek army and fleet.
With the declaration of war, the Greek Army of Thessaly under Crown Prince Constantine advanced to the north, successfully overcoming Ottoman opposition in the fortified Straits of Sarantaporo. After another victory at Giannitsa on , the Ottoman commander Hasan Tahsin Pasha surrendered Thessaloniki and its garrison of 26,000 men to the Greeks on . Two Corps HQs (Ustruma and VIII), two Nizamiye divisions (14th and 22nd) and four Redif divisions (Salonika, Drama, Naslic and Serez) were thus lost to the Ottoman order of battle. Additionally, the Ottoman forces lost 70 artillery pieces, 30 machine guns and 70,000 rifles (Thessaloniki was the central arms depot for the Western Armies). The Ottoman forces estimated that 15,000 officers and men had been killed during the campaign in south Macedonia, bringing total losses up to 41,000 soldiers. Another direct consequence was that the destruction of the Macedonian Army sealed the fate of the Ottoman Vardar Army, which was fighting the Serbs to the north. The fall of Thessaloniki left it strategically isolated, without logistical supply and depth to maneuver, ensuring its destruction.
Upon learning of the outcome of the battle of Yenidje, the Bulgarian high command urgently dispatched their 7th "Rila" Division from the north in the direction of the city. The division arrived there a week later, the day after its surrender to the Greeks. Until 10 November, the Greek-occupied zone had been expanded to the line from Lake Dojran to the Pangaion hills west to Kavalla. In western Macedonia however, the lack of coordination between the Greek and Serbian HQs cost the Greeks a setback in the Battle of Vevi on , when the Greek 5th Infantry Division crossed its way with the VI Ottoman Corps (a part of the Vardar Army consisting of the 16th, 17th and 18th Nizamiye divisions), retreating to Albania following the battle of Prilep against the Serbs. The Greek division, surprised by the presence of the Ottoman Corps, isolated from the rest of Greek army and outnumbered by the now counterattacking Ottomans centered on Bitola, was forced to retreat. As a result, the Serbs beat the Greeks to Bitola.
Epirus front.
In the Epirus front the Greek army was initially heavily outnumbered, but due to the passive attitude of the Ottomans succeeded in conquering Preveza (21 October 1912) and pushing north to the direction of Ioannina. On 5 November, Major Spyros Spyromilios led a revolt in the coastal area of Himarë and expelled the Ottoman garrison without facing significant resistance, while on 20 November Greek troops from western Macedonia entered Korçë. However, Greek forces in the Epirote front had not the numbers to initiate an offensive against the German-designed defensive positions of Bizani that protected the city of Ioannina, and therefore had to wait for reinforcements from the Macedonian front.
After the campaign in Macedonia was over, a large part of the Army was redeployed to Epirus, where Crown Prince Constantine himself assumed command. In the Battle of Bizani the Ottoman positions were breached and Ioannina taken on . During the siege, on 8 February 1913, the Russian pilot N. de Sackoff, flying for the Greeks, became the first pilot ever shot down in combat, when his biplane was hit by ground fire following a bomb run on the walls of Fort Bizani. He came down near small town of Preveza, on the coast north of the Ionian island of Lefkas, secured local Greek assistance, repaired his plane and resumed flight back to base. The fall of Ioannina allowed the Greek army to continue its advance into northern Epirus, the southern part of modern Albania, which it occupied. There its advance stopped, although the Serbian line of control was very close to the north.
Naval operations in the Aegean and Ionian seas.
On the outbreak of hostilities on 18 October, the Greek fleet, placed under the newly promoted Rear Admiral Pavlos Kountouriotis, sailed for the island of Lemnos, occupying it three days later (although fighting continued on the island until 27 October) and establishing an anchorage at Moudros Bay. This move was of major strategic importance, as it provided the Greeks with a forward base in close distance to the Dardanelles, the Ottoman fleet's main anchorage and refuge. In view of the Ottoman fleet's superiority in speed and broadside weight, the Greek planners expected it to sortie from the straits early in the war. Given the Greek fleet's unpreparedness resulting from the premature outbreak of the war, such an early Ottoman attack might well have been able to achieve a crucial victory. Instead, the Ottoman Navy spent the first two months of the war in operations against the Bulgarians in the Black Sea, giving the Greeks valuable time to complete their preparations and allowing them to consolidate their control of the Aegean.
By mid-November Greek naval detachments had seized the islands of Imbros, Thasos, Agios Efstratios, Samothrace, Psara and Ikaria, while landings were undertaken on the larger islands of Lesbos and Chios only on 21 and 27 November respectively. Substantial Ottoman garrisons were present on the latter, and their resistance was fierce. They withdrew into the mountainous interior and were not subdued until 22 December and 3 January respectively. Samos, officially an autonomous principality, was not attacked until 13 March 1913, out of a desire not to upset the Italians in the nearby Dodecanese. The clashes there were short-lived as the Ottoman forces withdrew to the Anatolian mainland, so that the island was securely in Greek hands by 16 March.
At the same time, with the aid of numerous merchant ships converted to auxiliary cruisers, a loose naval blockade on the Ottoman coasts from the Dardanelles to Suez was instituted, which disrupted the Ottomans' flow of supplies (only the Black Sea routes to Romania remained open) and left some 250,000 Ottoman troops immobilized in Asia. In the Ionian Sea, the Greek fleet operated without opposition, ferrying supplies for the army units in the Epirus front. Furthermore, the Greeks bombarded and then blockaded the port of Vlorë in Albania on 3 December, and Durrës on 27 February. A naval blockade extending from the pre-war Greek border to Vlorë was also instituted on 3 December, isolating the newly established Provisional Government of Albania based there from any outside support.
Lieutenant Nikolaos Votsis scored a major success for Greek morale on 31 October: he sailed his torpedo boat No. 11, under the cover of night, into the harbor of Thessaloniki, sank the old Ottoman ironclad battleship "Feth-i Bülend" and escaped unharmed. On the same day, Greek troops of the Epirus Army seized the Ottoman naval base of Preveza. The Ottomans scuttled the four ships present there, but the Greeks were able to salvage the Italian-built torpedo-boats "Antalya" and "Tokat", which were commissioned into the Greek Navy as "Nikopolis" and "Tatoi" respectively. On 9 November, the wooden Ottoman armed steamer "Trabzon" was intercepted and sunk by the Greek torpedo boat No. 14 under Lt. Periklis Argyropoulos off Ayvalık.
Confrontations off the Dardanelles.
The main Ottoman fleet remained inside the Dardanelles for the early part of the war, while the Greek destroyers continuously patrolled the straits' exit to report on a possible sortie. Kountouriotis suggested mining the straits, but was not taken up for fear of international reactions. On 7 December, the head of the Ottoman fleet Tahir Bey was replaced by Ramiz Naman Bey, the leader of the hawkish faction among the officer corps. A new strategy was agreed, whereby the Ottomans were to take advantage of any absence of "Averof" to attack the other Greek ships. The Ottoman staff formulated a plan to lure a number of the Greek destroyers on patrol into a trap. A first such effort on 12 December failed due to boiler trouble, but the second try two days later resulted in an indecisive engagement between the Greek destroyers and the cruiser "Mecidiye".
The war's first major fleet action, the Naval Battle of Elli, was fought two days later, on . The Ottoman fleet, with four battleships, nine destroyers and six torpedo boats, sailed to the entrance of the straits. The lighter Ottoman vessels remained behind, but the battleship squadron moved on north under cover of the forts at Kumkale and engaged the Greek fleet, coming from Imbros, at 9:40. Leaving the older battleships behind, Kountouriotis led the "Averof" into independent action: utilizing its superior speed, it cut across the Ottoman fleet's bow. Under fire from two sides, the Ottomans were quickly forced to withdraw to the Dardanelles. The whole engagement lasted less than an hour, in which the Ottoman suffered heavy damage to the "Barbaros Hayreddin" and 18 dead and 41 wounded (most during their disorderly retreat) and the Greeks one dead and seven wounded.
In the aftermath of Elli, on 20 December the energetic Lt. Commander Rauf Bey was placed in effective command of the Ottoman fleet. Two days later he led his forces out, hoping again to trap the patrolling Greek destroyers between two divisions of the Ottoman fleet, one heading for Imbros and the other waiting at the entrance of the straits. The plan failed as the Greek ships quickly broke contact, while at the same time the "Mecidiye" came under attack by the Greek submarine "Delfin", which launched a torpedo against it but missed; the first such attack in history. During this time, the Ottoman Army continued to press upon a reluctant Navy a plan for the re-occupation of Tenedos, which the Greek destroyers used as a base, by an amphibious operation. The operation was scheduled for 4 January. On that day, weather conditions were ideal and the fleet was ready, but the "Yenihan" regiment earmarked for the operation failed to arrive on time. The naval staff nevertheless ordered the fleet to sortie, and an engagement developed with the Greek fleet, without any significant results on either side. Similar sorties followed on 10 and 11 January, but the results of these "cat and mouse" operations were always the same: "the Greek destroyers always managed to remain outside the Ottoman warships' range, and each time the cruisers fired a few rounds before breaking off the chase."
In preparation for the next attempt to break the Greek blockade, the Ottoman Admiralty decided to create a diversion by sending the light cruiser "Hamidiye", captained by Rauf Bey, to raid Greek merchant shipping in the Aegean. It was hoped that the "Averof", the only major Greek unit fast enough to catch the "Hamidiye", would be drawn in pursuit and leave the remainder of the Greek fleet weakened. In the event, "Hamidiye" slipped through the Greek patrols on the night of 14–15 January and bombarded the harbor of the Greek island of Syros, sinking the Greek auxiliary cruiser "Makedonia" which lay in anchor there (it was later raised and repaired). The "Hamidiye" then left the Aegean for the Eastern Mediterranean, making stops at Beirut and Port Said before entering the Red Sea. Although providing a major morale boost for the Ottomans, the operation failed to achieve its primary objective, as Kountouriotis refused to leave his post and pursue the "Hamidiye".
Four days later, on , when the Ottoman fleet again sallied from the straits towards Lemnos, it was defeated for a second time in the Naval Battle of Lemnos. This time, the Ottoman warships concentrated their fire on the "Averof", which again made use of its superior speed and tried to "cross the T" of the Ottoman fleet. "Barbaros Hayreddin" was again heavily damaged, and the Ottoman fleet was forced to return to the shelter of the Dardanelles and their forts. The Ottomans suffered 41 killed and 101 wounded. It was the last attempt of the Ottoman Navy to leave the Dardanelles, thereby leaving the Greeks dominant in the Aegean. On , a Greek Farman MF.7, piloted by Lt. Moutousis and with Ensign Moraitinis as an observer, carried out an aerial reconnaissance of the Ottoman fleet in its anchorage at Nagara, and launched four bombs on the anchored ships. Although it scored no hits, this operation is regarded as the first naval-air operation in military history.
General Ivanov, commander of the 2nd Bulgarian Army, acknowledged the role of the Greek fleet in the overall Balkan League victory by stating that "the activity of the entire Greek fleet and above all the "Averof" was the chief factor in the general success of the allies".
End of the War.
The Treaty of London ended the war, but no one was left satisfied, and soon, the four allies fell out over the partition of Macedonia. In June 1913, Bulgaria attacked Greece and Serbia, beginning the Second Balkan War, but was beaten back. The Treaty of Bucharest, which concluded the war, left Greece with southern Epirus, the southern half of Macedonia, Crete and the Aegean islands, except for the Dodecanese, which had been occupied by Italy in 1911. These gains nearly doubled Greece's area and population.
World War I, crises, and first abolition of Monarchy (1913–1924).
In March 1913, an anarchist, Alexandros Schinas, assassinated King George in Thessaloniki, and his son came to the throne as Constantine I. Constantine was the first Greek king born in Greece and the first to be Greek Orthodox. His very name had been chosen in the spirit of romantic Greek nationalism (the "Megali Idea"), evoking the Byzantine emperors of that name. In addition, as the Commander-in-chief of the Greek Army during the Balkan Wars, his popularity was enormous, rivalled only by that of Venizelos, his Prime Minister.
When World War I broke out in 1914, despite Greece's treaty of alliance with Serbia, both leaders preferred to maintain a neutral stance. But when, in early 1915, the Allies asked for Greek help in the Dardanelles campaign, offering Cyprus in exchange, their diverging views became apparent: Constantine had been educated in Germany, was married to Sophia of Prussia, sister of Kaiser Wilhelm, and was convinced of the Central Powers' victory. Venizelos on the other hand was an ardent anglophile, and believed in an Allied victory.
Since Greece, a maritime country, could not oppose the mighty British navy, and citing the need for a respite after two wars, King Constantine favored continued neutrality, while Venizelos actively sought Greek entry in the war on the Allied side. Venizelos resigned, but won the next elections, and again formed the government. When Bulgaria entered the war as a German ally in October 1915, Venizelos invited Entente forces into Greece (the Salonika Front), for which he was again dismissed by Constantine.
In August 1916, after several incidents where both combatants encroached upon the still theoretically neutral Greek territory, Venizelist officers rose up in Allied-controlled Thessaloniki, and Venizelos established a separate government there. Constantine was now ruling only in what was Greece before the Balkan Wars ("Old Greece"), and his government was subject to repeated humiliations from the Allies. In November 1916 the French occupied Piraeus, bombarded Athens and forced the Greek fleet to surrender. The royalist troops fired at them, leading to a battle between French and Greek royalist troops. There were also riots against supporters of Venizelos in Athens (the "Noemvriana").
Following the February Revolution in Russia, however, the Tsar's support for his cousin was removed, and Constantine was forced to leave the country, without actually abdicating in June 1917. His second son Alexander became King, while the remaining royal family and the most prominent royalists followed into exile. Venizelos now led a superficially united Greece into the war on the Allied side, but underneath the surface, the division of Greek society into Venizelists and anti-Venizelists, the so-called National Schism, became more entrenched.
With the end of the war in November 1918, the moribund Ottoman Empire was ready to be carved up amongst the victors, and Greece now expected the Allies to deliver on their promises. In no small measure through the diplomatic efforts of Venizelos, Greece secured Western Thrace in the Treaty of Neuilly in November 1919 and Eastern Thrace and a zone around Smyrna in western Anatolia (already under Greek administration since May 1919) in the Treaty of Sèvres of August 1920. The future of Constantinople was left to be determined. But at the same time, a nationalist movement had arisen in Turkey, led by Mustafa Kemal (later Kemal Atatürk), who set up a rival government in Ankara and was engaged in fighting the Greek army.
At this point, nevertheless, the fulfillment of the "Megali Idea" seemed near. Yet so deep was the rift in Greek society, that on his return to Greece, an assassination attempt was made on Venizelos by two royalist former officers. Even more surprisingly, Venizelos' Liberal Party lost the elections called in November 1920, and in a referendum shortly after, the Greek people voted for the return of King Constantine from exile, following the sudden death of Alexander. The United Opposition, which had campaigned on the slogan of an end to the war in Anatolia, instead intensified it. But the royalist restoration had dire consequences: many veteran Venizelist officers were dismissed or left the army, while Italy and France found the return of the hated Constantine a useful pretext for switching their support to Kemal. Finally, in August 1922, the Turkish army shattered the Greek front, and took Smyrna.
The Greek army evacuated not only Anatolia, but also Eastern Thrace and the islands of Imbros and Tenedos (Treaty of Lausanne). A compulsory population exchange was agreed between the two countries, with over 1.5 million Christians and almost half a million Muslims being uprooted. This catastrophe marked the end of the "Megali Idea", and left Greece financially exhausted, demoralized, and having to house and feed a proportionately huge number of refugees.
The catastrophe deepened the political crisis, with the returning army rising up under Venizelist officers and forcing King Constantine to abdicate again, in September 1922, in favour of his firstborn son, George II. The "Revolutionary Committee", headed by Colonels Stylianos Gonatas (soon to become Prime Minister) and Nikolaos Plastiras engaged in a witch-hunt against the royalists, culminating in the "Trial of the Six". In October 1923, elections were called for December, which would form a National Assembly with powers to draft a new constitution. Following a failed royalist coup, the monarchist parties abstained, leading to a landslide for the Liberals and their allies. King George II was asked to leave the country, and on 25 March 1924, Alexandros Papanastasiou proclaimed the Second Hellenic Republic, ratified by plebiscite a month later.
Restoration of Monarchy and the 4th of August Regime.
On 10 October 1935, a few months after he suppressed a Venizelist Coup in March 1935, Georgios Kondylis, the former Venizelist stalwart, abolished the Republic in another coup, and declared the monarchy restored. A rigged plebiscite confirmed the regime change (with an unsurprising 97.88% of votes), and King George II returned.
King George II immediately dismissed Kondylis and appointed Professor Konstantinos Demertzis as interim Prime Minister. Venizelos meanwhile, in exile, urged an end to the conflict over the monarchy in view of the threat to Greece from the rise of Fascist Italy. His successors as Liberal leader, Themistoklis Sophoulis and Georgios Papandreou, agreed, and the restoration of the monarchy was accepted. The 1936 elections resulted in a hung parliament, with the Communists holding the balance. As no government could be formed, Demertzis continued on. At the same time, a series of deaths left the Greek political scene in disarray: Kondylis died in February, Venizelos in March, Demertzis in April and Tsaldaris in May. The road was now clear for Ioannis Metaxas, who had succeeded Demertzis as interim Prime Minister.
Metaxas, a retired royalist general, believed that an authoritarian government was necessary to prevent social conflict and, especially, quell the rising power of the Communists. On 4 August 1936, with the King's support, he suspended parliament and established the 4th of August Regime. The Communists were suppressed and the Liberal leaders went into internal exile. Patterning itself after Benito Mussolini's Fascist Italy, Metaxas' regime promoted various concepts such as the "Third Hellenic Civilization", the Roman salute, a national youth organization, and introduced measures to gain popular support, such as the Greek Social Insurance Institute (IKA), still the biggest social security institution in Greece.
Despite these efforts the regime lacked a broad popular base or a mass movement supporting it. The Greek people were generally apathetic, without actively opposing Metaxas. Metaxas also improved the country's defenses in preparation for the forthcoming European war, constructing, among other defensive measures, the "Metaxas Line". Despite his aping of Fascism, and the strong economic ties with resurgent Nazi Germany, Metaxas followed a policy of neutrality, given Greece's traditionally strong ties to Britain, reinforced by King George II's personal anglophilia. In April 1939, the Italian threat suddenly loomed closer, as Italy annexed Albania, whereupon Britain publicly guaranteed Greece's borders. Thus, when World War II broke out in September 1939, Greece remained neutral.
World War II.
Despite this declared neutrality, Greece became a target for Mussolini's expansionist policies. Provocations against Greece included the sinking of the light cruiser "Elli" on 15 August 1940. Italian troops crossed the border on 28 October 1940, beginning the Greco-Italian War, but were stopped by determined Greek defence, and ultimately driven back into Albania. Metaxas died suddenly in January 1941. His death raised hopes of a liberalization of his regime and the restoration of parliamentary rule, but King George quashed these hopes when he retained the regime's machinery in place.
In the meantime, Adolf Hitler was reluctantly forced to divert German troops to rescue Mussolini from defeat, and attacked Greece through Yugoslavia and Bulgaria on 6 April 1941. Despite British assistance, by the end of May, the Germans had overrun most of the country. The King and the government escaped to Crete, where they stayed until the end of the Battle of Crete. They then transferred to Egypt, where a government in exile was established.
The occupied country was divided in three zones (German, Italian and Bulgarian) and in Athens, a puppet regime was established. The members were either conservatives or nationalists with fascist leanings. The three quisling prime ministers were Georgios Tsolakoglou, the general who had signed the armistice with the Wehrmacht, Konstantinos Logothetopoulos, and Ioannis Rallis, who took office when the German defeat was inevitable, and aimed primarily at combating the left-wing Resistance movement. To this end, he created the collaborationist Security Battalions.
Greece suffered terrible privations during World War II, as the Germans appropriated most of the country's agricultural production and prevented its fishing fleets from operating. As a result, and because a British blockade initially hindered foreign relief efforts, a wide-scale famine resulted, when hundreds of thousands perished, especially in the winter of 1941-1942. In the mountains of the Greek mainland, in the meantime, several resistance movements sprang up, and by mid-1943, the Axis forces controlled only the main towns and the connecting roads, while a "Free Greece" was set up in the mountains.
The largest resistance group, the National Liberation Front (EAM), was controlled by the Communists, as was (Elas) led by Aris Velouchiotis and a civil war soon broke out between it and non-Communist groups such as the National Republican Greek League (EDES) in those areas liberated from the Germans. The exiled government in Cairo was only intermittently in touch with the resistance movement, and exercised virtually no influence in the occupied country.
Part of this was due to the unpopularity of the King George II in Greece itself, but despite efforts by Greek politicians, British support ensured his retention at the head of the Cairo government. As the German defeat drew nearer, the various Greek political factions convened in Lebanon in May 1944, under British auspices, and formed a government of national unity, under George Papandreou, in which EAM was represented by six ministers.
Greek Civil War (1946-49).
German forces withdrew on October 12, 1944, and the government in exile returned to Athens. After the German withdrawal, the EAM-ELAS guerrilla army effectively controlled most of Greece, but its leaders were reluctant to take control of the country, as they knew that Stalin had agreed that Greece would be in the British sphere of influence after the war. Tensions between the British-backed Papandreou and EAM, especially over the issue of disarmament of the various armed groups, leading to the resignation of the latter's ministers from the government.
A few days later, on 3 December 1944, a large-scale pro-EAM demonstration in Athens ended in violence and ushered an intense, house-to-house struggle with British and monarchist forces (the "Dekemvriana"). After three weeks, the Communists were defeated: the Varkiza agreement ended the conflict and disarmed ELAS, and an unstable coalition government was formed. The anti-EAM backlash grew into a full-scale "White Terror", which exacerbated tensions.
The Communists boycotted the March 1946 elections, and on the same day, fighting broke out again. By the end of 1946, the Communist Democratic Army of Greece had been formed, pitted against the governmental National Army, which was backed first by Britain and after 1947 by the United States.
Communist successes in 1947–1948 enabled them to move freely over much of mainland Greece, but with extensive reorganization, the deportation of rural populations and American material support, the National Army was slowly able to regain control over most of the countryside. In 1949, the insurgents suffered a major blow, as Yugoslavia closed its borders following the split between Marshal Josip Broz Tito with the Soviet Union.
In August 1949, the National Army under Marshal Alexander Papagos launched an offensive that forced the remaining insurgents to surrender or flee across the northern border into the territory of Greece's northern Communist neighbors. The civil war resulted in 100,000 killed and caused catastrophic economic disruption. In addition, at least 25,000 Greeks and an unspecified number of Macedonian Slavs were either voluntarily or forcibly evacuated to Eastern bloc countries, while 700,000 became displaced persons inside the country. Many more emigrated to Australia and other countries.
The postwar settlement saw Greece's territorial expansion, which had begun in 1832, come to an end. The 1947 Treaty of Paris required Italy to hand over the Dodecanese islands to Greece. These were the last majority-Greek-speaking areas to be united with the Greek state, apart from Cyprus which was a British possession until it became independent in 1960. Greece's ethnic homogeneity was increased by the postwar expulsion of 25,000 Albanians from Epirus (see Cham Albanians).
The only significant remaining minorities are the Muslims in Western Thrace (about 100,000) and a small Slavic-speaking minority in the north. Greek nationalists continued to claim southern Albania (which they called Northern Epirus), home of a significant Greek population (about 3%-12% in the whole of Albania), and the Turkish-held islands of Imvros and Tenedos, where there were smaller Greek minorities.
Postwar Greece and the fall of monarchy (1950–1973).
Since the Civil war (1946–49) but even more after that, the parties in the parliament were divided in three political concentrations. The political formation Right-Centre-Left, given the exacerbation of political animosity that had preceded dividing the country in the 40s, tended to turn the concurrence of parties into ideological positions.
In the beginning of the 1950s, the forces of the Centre (EPEK) succeeded in gaining the power and under the leadership of the aged general N. Plastiras they governed for about half a four-year term. These were a series of governments having limited manoeuvre ability and inadequate influence in the political arena. This government, as well as those that followed, was constantly under the American auspices. The defeat of EPEK in the elections of 1952, apart from increasing the repressive measures that concerned the defeated of the Civil war, also marked the end of the general political position that it represented, namely political consensus and social reconciliation.
The Left, which had been ostracized from the political life of the country, found a way of expression through the constitution of EDA (United Democratic Left) in 1951, which turned out to be a significant pole, yet steadily excluded from the decision making centres. After the disbandment of the Centre as an autonomous political institution, EDA practically expanded its electoral influence to a significant part of the EAM-based Centre-Left.
The 1960s are part of the period 1953–72, during which Greek economy developed rapidly and was structured within the scope of European and worldwide economic developments. One of the main characteristics of that period was the major political event – as we have come to accept it – of the country's accession in the EEC, in an attempt to create a common market. The relevant treaty was contracted in 1962.
The developmental strategy adopted by the country was embodied in centrally organized five-year plans; yet their orientation was indistinct. The average annual emigration, which absorbed the excess workforce and contributed to extremely high growth rates, exceeded the annual natural increase in population. The influx of large amounts of foreign private capital was being facilitated and consumption was expanded. These, associated with the rise of tourism, the expansion of shipping activity and with the migrant remittances, had a positive effect on the balance of payments.
The peak of development was registered principally in manufacture, mainly in the textile and chemical industry and in the sector of metallurgy, the growth rate of which tended to reach 11% during 1965-70. The other large branch where obvious economic and social consequences were brought about, was that of construction. Consideration, a Greek invention, favoured the creation of a class of small-medium contractors on one hand and settled the housing system and property status on the other.
During that decade, youth came forth in society as a distinct social power with autonomous presence (creation of a new culture in music, fashion etc.) and displaying dynamism in the assertion of their social rights. The independence granted to Cyprus, which was mined from the very beginning, constituted the main focus of young activist mobilizations, along with struggles aiming at reforms in education, which were provisionally realized to a certain extent through the educational reform of 1964. The country reckoned on and was influenced by Europe – usually behind time – and by the current trends like never before. Thus, in a sense, the imposition of the military junta conflicted with the social and cultural occurrences.
The country descended into a prolonged political crisis, and elections were scheduled for late April 1967. On 21 April 1967 however, a group of right-wing colonels led by Colonel George Papadopoulos seized power in a coup d'état establishing the Regime of the Colonels. Civil liberties were suppressed, special military courts were established, and political parties were dissolved. Several thousand suspected communists and political opponents were imprisoned or exiled to remote Greek islands. Alleged US support for the junta is claimed to be the cause of rising anti-Americanism in Greece during and following the junta's harsh rule.
However, the junta's early years also saw a marked upturn in the economy, with increased foreign investment and large-scale infrastructure works. The junta was widely condemned abroad, but inside the country, discontent began to increase only after 1970, when the economy slowed down. Even the armed forces, the regime's foundation, were not immune: In May 1973, a planned coup by the Hellenic Navy was narrowly suppressed, but led to the mutiny of the HNS "Velos", whose officers sought political asylum in Italy. In response, junta leader Papadopoulos attempted to steer the regime towards a controlled democratization, abolishing the monarchy and declaring himself President of the Republic.
Politics.
The Greek Monarchical Constitutions.
The first constitution of the Kingdom of Greece was the Greek Constitution of 1844. On 3 September 1843, the military garrison of Athens, with the help of citizens, rebelled and demanded from King Otto the concession of a Constitution.
The Constitution that was proclaimed in March 1844 came from the workings of the "Third of September National Assembly of the Hellenes in Athens" and was a Constitutional Pact, in other words a contract between the monarch and the Nation. This Constitution re-established the Constitutional Monarchy and was based on the French Constitution of 1830 and the Belgian Constitution of 1831.
Its main provisions were the following: It established the principle of monarchical sovereignty, as the monarch was the decisive power of the State; the legislative power was to be exercised by the King – who also had the right to ratify the laws – by the Parliament, and by the Senate. The members of the Parliament could be no less than 80 and they were elected for a three-year term by universal suffrage. The senators were appointed for life by the King and their number was set at 27, although that number could increase should the need arise and per the monarch's will, but it could not exceed half the number of the members of Parliament.
The ministers' responsibility for the King's actions is established, who also appoints and removes them. Justice stems from the King and is dispensed in his name by the judges he himself appoints.
Lastly, this Assembly voted the electoral law of 18 March 1844, which was the first European law to provide, in essence, for universal suffrage (but, only, of course, for men).
The Second National Assembly of the Hellenes took place in Athens (1863–1864) and dealt both with the election of a new sovereign as well as with the drafting of a new Constitution, thereby implementing the transition from constitutional monarchy to a Crowned Democracy.
Following the refusal of Prince Alfred of Great Britain (who was elected by an overwhelming majority in the first referendum of the country in November 1862) to accept the crown of the Greek kingdom, the government offered the crown to the Danish prince George Christian Willem of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Gluecksburg, who was crowned constitutional King of Greece under the name "George I, King of the Hellenes".
The Constitution of 1864 was drafted following the models of the Constitutions of Belgium of 1831 and of Denmark of 1849, and established in clear terms the principle of popular sovereignty, since the only legislative body with reversionary powers was now the Parliament. Furthermore, article 31 reiterated that all the powers stemmed from the Nation and were to be exercised as provided by the Constitution, while article 44 established the principle of accountability, taking into consideration that the King only possessed the powers that were bestowed on him by the Constitution and by the laws applying the same.
The Assembly chose the system of a single chamber Parliament (Vouli) with a four-year term, and hence abolished the Senate, which many accused for being a tool in the hands of the monarchy. Direct, secret and universal elections was adopted as the manner to elect the MPs, while elections were to be held simultaneously throughout the entire nation.
In addition, article 71 introduced a conflict between being an MP and a salaried public employee or mayor at the same time, but not with serving as an army officer.
The Constitution reiterated various clauses found in the Constitution of 1844, such as that the King appoints and dismisses the ministers and that the latter are responsible for the person of the monarch, but it also allowed for the Parliament to establish "examination committees". Moreover, the King preserved the right to convoke the Parliament in ordinary as well as in extraordinary sessions, and to dissolve it at his discretion, provided, however, that the dissolution decree was also countersigned by the Cabinet.
The Constitution repeated verbatim the clause of article 24 of the Constitution of 1844, according to which "The King appoints and removes his Ministers". This phrase insinuated that the ministers were practically subordinate to the monarch, and thereby answered not only to the Parliament but to him as well. Moreover, nowhere was it stated in the Constitution that the King was obliged to appoint the Cabinet in conformity with the will of the majority in Parliament. This was, however, the interpretation that the modernizing political forces of the land upheld, invoking the principle of popular sovereignty and the spirit of the Parliamentary regime.
They finally succeeded in imposing it through the principle of "manifest confidence" of the Parliament, which was expressed in 1875 by Charilaos Trikoupis and which, that same year, in his Crown Speech, King George I expressly pledged to uphold: "I demand as a prerequisite, of all that I call beside me to assist me in governing the country, to possess the manifest confidence and trust of the majority of the Nation's representatives. Furthermore, I accept this approval to stem from the Parliament, as without it the harmonious functioning of the polity would be impossible".
The establishment of the principle of "manifest confidence" towards the end of the first decade of the crowned democracy, contributed towards the disappearance of a constitutional practice which, in many ways, reiterated the negative experiences of the period of the reign of King Otto. Indeed, from 1864 through 1875 numerous elections of dubious validity had taken place, while, additionally and most importantly, there was an active involvement of the Throne in political affairs through the appointment of governments enjoying a minority in Parliament, or through the forced resignation of majority governments, when their political views clashed with those of the crown.
The Greek Constitution of 1911 was a major step forward in the constitutional history of Greece. Following the rise to power of Eleftherios Venizelos after the Goudi revolt in 1909, Venizelos set about attempting to reform the state. The main outcome of this was a major revision to the Greek Constitution of 1864.
The most noteworthy amendments to the Constitution of 1864 concerning the protection of human rights, were the more effective protection of personal security, equality in tax burdens, of the right to assemble and of the inviolability of the domicile. Furthermore, the Constitution facilitated expropriation to allocate property to landless farmers, while simultaneously judicially protecting property rights.
Other important changes included the institution of an Electoral Court for the settlement of election disputes stemming from the parliamentary elections, the addition of new conflicts for MPs, the re-establishment of the State Council as the highest administrative court (which, however, was constituted and operated only under the Constitution of 1927), the improvement of the protection of judicial independence and the establishment of the non-removability of public employees. Finally, for the first time, the Constitution provided for mandatory and free education for all, and declared Katharevousa (i.e. archaising "purified" Greek) as the ""official language of the Nation"".
Economy.
19th century.
Greece entered its period of new-won independence in a somewhat different state than Serbia, which shared many of the post-independence economic problems such as land and land reform. In 1833, the Greeks took control of a countryside devastated by war, depopulated in places and hampered by primitive agriculture and marginal soils. Just as in Serbia, communications were bad, presenting obstacles for any wider foreign commerce. Even by the late 19th century Agricultural development had not advanced as significantly as had been intended as William Moffet, the US Consul in Athens explained:
""agriculture is here in the most undeveloped condition. Even in the immediate neighborhood of Athens it is common to find the wooden plow and the rude mattock which were in use 2,000 years ago. Fields are plowed up or scratched over, and crops replanted season after season, until the exhausted soil will bear no more. Fertilizers are not used to any appreciable extent, and the farm implements are of the very rudest description. Irrigation is in use in some districts, and, as far as I can ascertain, the methods in use can be readily learned by a study of the practices of the ancient Egyptians. Greece has olives and grapes in abundance, and of quality not excelled; but Greek olive oil and Greek wine will not bear transportation.""
Greece had a substantial wealthy commercial class of rural notables and island shipowners, and access to of land expropriated from Muslim owners who had been driven off during the War of Independence.
Land reform.
Land reform represented the first real test for the new Greek kingdom. The new Greek government deliberately adopted land reforms intended to create of class of free peasants. The ""Law for the Dotation of Greek Families"" of 1835 extended 2,000 drachmas credit to every family, to be used to buy a farm at auction under a low-cost loan plan. The country was full of displaced refugees and empty Ottoman estates.
By a series of land reforms over several decades, the government distributed this confiscated land among veterans and the poor, so that by 1870 most Greek peasant families owned about . These farms were too small for prosperity but the land reform signaled the goal of a society in which Greeks were equals and could support themselves, instead of working for hire on the estates of the rich. The class basis of rivalry between Greek factions was thereby reduced.
20th century.
Industry.
The series of wars between 1912 and 1922 provided a catalyst for Greek industry, with a number of industries such as textiles; ammunition and boot-making springing up to supply the military. After the wars most of these industries were converted to civilian uses. Greek refugees from Asia Minor, the most famous of which was Aristotle Onassis who hails from Smyrna (modern Izmir) also had a tremendous impact on the evolution of Greek industry and banking. Greeks held 45% of the capital in the Ottoman Empire before 1914, and many of the refugees expelled from Turkey had funds and skills which they quickly put to use in Greece.
These refugees from Asia Minor also led to rapid growth of urban areas in Greece, as the vast majority of them settled in urban centers such as Athens and Thessaloniki. The 1920 census reported that 36.3% of Greeks lived in urban or semi-urban areas, while the 1928 census reported that 45.6% of Greeks lived in urban or semi-urban areas. It has been argued by many Greek economists that these refugees kept Greek industry competitive during the 1920s, as the surplus of labor kept real wages very low. Although this thesis makes economic sense, it is sheer speculation as there is no reliable data on wages and prices in Greece during this period.
Greek industry went into decline slightly before the country joined the EC, and this trend continued. Although worker productivity rose significantly in Greece, labor costs increased too fast for the Greek manufacturing industry to remain competitive in Europe. There was also very little modernization in Greek industries due to a lack of financing.
Dichotomization of the drachma.
Budgetary problems caused the Greek government to begin an interesting economic experiment, the dichotomization of the drachma. Unable to secure any more loans from abroad to finance the war with Turkey, in 1922 Finance Minister Protopapadakis declared that each drachma was essentially to be cut in half. Half of the value of the drachma would be kept by the owner, and the other half would be surrendered by the government in exchange for a 20 year 6.5% loan. World War II led to these loans not being repaid, but even if the war had not occurred it is doubtful that the Greek government would have been able to repay such enormous debts to its own populace. This strategy led to large revenues for the Greek state, and inflation effects were minimal.
This strategy was repeated again in 1926 due to the government’s inability to pay back loans incurred from the decade of war and the resettlement of the refugees. Deflation occurred after this dichotomization of the drachma, as well as a rise in interest rates. These policies had the effect of causing much of the populace to lose faith in their government, and investment decreased as people began to stop holding their assets in cash which had become unstable, and began holding real goods.
The Great Depression.
As the reverberations of the Great Depression hit Greece in 1932. The Bank of Greece tried to adopt deflationary policies to stave off the crises that were going on in other countries, but these largely failed. For a brief period the drachma was pegged to the US dollar, but this was unsustainable given the country’s large trade deficit and the only long term effects of this were Greece’s foreign exchange reserves being almost totally wiped out in 1932. Remittances from abroad declined sharply and the value of the drachma began to plummet from 77 drachmas to the dollar in March 1931 to 111 drachmas to the dollar in April, 1931.
This was especially harmful to Greece as the country relied on imports from the UK, France and the Middle East for many necessities. Greece went off the gold standard in April, 1932 and declared a moratorium on all interest payments. The country also adopted protectionist policies such as import quotas, which a number of European countries did during the time period. Protectionist policies coupled with a weak drachma, stifling imports, allowed Greek industry to expand during the Great Depression. In 1939 Greek Industrial output was 179% that of 1928.
These industries were for the most part “built on sand” as one report of the Bank of Greece put it, as without massive protection they would not have been able to survive. Despite the global depression, Greece managed to suffer comparatively little, averaging an average growth rate of 3.5% from 1932-1939. The fascist regime of Yannis Metaxas took over the Greek government in 1936, and economic growth was strong in the years leading up to the Second World War.
Shipping.
One industry in which Greece had major success was the shipping industry. Greece’s geography has made the country a major player in maritime affairs from antiquity, and Greece has a strong modern tradition dating from the treaty of Kuchuk-Kajnardji in 1774, which allowed Greek ships to escape Ottoman domination by registering under the Russian flag. The treaty prompted a number of Greek commercial houses to be set up across the Mediterranean and the Black Sea, and after independence, Greece's shipping industry was one of the few bright spots in the modern Greek economy during the 19th century.
After both world wars the Greek shipping industry was hit hard by the decline in world trade, but both times it revived quickly. The Greek government aided the revival of the Greek shipping industry with insurance promises following the Second World War. Tycoons such as Aristotle Onassis also aided in strengthening the Greek merchant fleet, and shipping has remained one of the few sectors in which Greece still excels.
Tourism.
It was during the 60s and 70s that tourism, which now account for 15% of Greece's GDP, began to become a major earner of foreign exchange. This was initially opposed by many in the Greek government, as it was seen as a very unstable source of income in the event of any political shocks. It was also opposed by many conservatives and by the Church as bad for the country's morals. Despite concerns, tourism grew significantly in Greece and was encouraged by successive governments as it was a very easy source of badly needed foreign exchange revenues.
Agriculture.
The resolution of the Greco-Turkish War and the Treaty of Lausanne led to a population exchange between Greece and Turkey, which also had massive ramifications on the agricultural sector in Greece. The tsifliks were abolished, and Greek refugees from Asia Minor settled on these abandoned and partitioned estates. In 1920 only 4% of land holdings were of sizes more than , and only .3% of these were in large estates of more than . This pattern of small scale farm ownership has continued to the present day, with the small number of larger farms declining slightly.
Post-World War II.
Greece suffered comparatively much more than most Western European countries during the Second World War due to a number of factors. Heavy resistance led to immense German reprisals against civilians. Greece was also dependent on food imports, and a British naval blockade coupled with transfers of agricultural produce to Germany led to famine. It is estimated that the Greek population declined by 7% during the Second World War. Greece experienced hyperinflation during the war. In 1943, prices were 34,864% higher compared to those of 1940; in 1944, prices were 163,910,000,000% higher compared to the 1940 prices. The Greek hyperinflation is the fifth worst in economic history, after Hungary’s following World War II, Zimbabwe’s in the late 2000s, Yugoslavia’s in the middle 1990s, and Germany’s following World War I. This was compounded by the country's disastrous civil war from 1944-1950.
Greek economy was in an extremely poor state in 1950 (after the end of the Civil War), with its relative position dramatically affected. In that year Greece had a per capita GDP of $1,951, which was well below that of countries like Portugal ($2,132), Poland ($2,480), and even Mexico ($2,085). Greece’s per capita GDP was comparable to that of countries like Bulgaria ($1,651), Japan ($1,873), or Morocco ($1,611).
Over the past 50 years Greece has grown much faster than most of the countries that had comparable per capita GDP’s in 1950, reaching a per capita GDP of $30,603 today. This can be compared to the previously stated countries, $17,900 in Portugal, $12,000 in Poland, $9,600 in Mexico, $8,200 in Bulgaria and $4,200 in Morocco. Greece’s growth averaged 7% between 1950 and 1973, a rate second only to Japan's during the same period. In 1950 Greece was ranked 28th in the world for per capita GDP, while in 1970 it was ranked 20th.
Culture.
Visual arts.
Modern Greek art began to be developed around the time of Romanticism. Greek artists absorbed many elements from their European colleagues, resulting in the culmination of the distinctive style of Greek Romantic art, inspired by revolutionary ideals as well as the country's geography and history. The most important artistic movement of Greek painting in the 19th century was academic realism (Greek academic art of the 19th century), often called in Greece "the Munich School" () because of the strong influence from the Royal Academy of Fine Arts of Munich (), where many Greek artists trained. The Munich School painted the same sort of scenes in the same sort of style as Western European academic painters in several countries, and did generally not attempt to incorporate Byzantine stylistic elements into their work. The creation of romantic art in Greece can be explained mainly due to the particular relationships that were created between recently liberated Greece (1830) and Bavaria during King Otto's years.
Notable sculptors of the new Greek Kingdom were Leonidas Drosis whose major work was the extensive neo-classical architectural ornament at the Academy of Athens, Lazaros Sochos, Georgios Vitalis, Dimitrios Filippotis, Ioannis Kossos, Yannoulis Chalepas, Georgios Bonanos and Lazaros Fytalis.
Theatre.
The modern Greek theatre was born after the Greek independence, in the early 19th century, and initially was influenced by the Heptanesean theatre and melodrama, such as the Italian opera. The Nobile Teatro di San Giacomo di Corfù was the first theatre and opera house of modern Greece and the place where the first Greek opera, Spyridon Xyndas' "The Parliamentary Candidate" (based on an exclusively Greek libretto) was performed. During the late 19th and early 20th century, the Athenian theatre scene was dominated by revues, musical comedies, operettas and nocturnes and notable playwrights included Spyridon Samaras, Dionysios Lavrangas, Theophrastos Sakellaridis and others.
The National Theatre of Greece was founded in 1880. Notable playwrights of the modern Greek theatre include Gregorios Xenopoulos, Nikos Kazantzakis, Pantelis Horn, Alekos Sakellarios and Iakovos Kambanelis, while notable actors include Cybele Andrianou, Marika Kotopouli, Aimilios Veakis, Orestis Makris, Katina Paxinou, Manos Katrakis and Dimitris Horn. Significant directors include Dimitris Rontiris, Alexis Minotis and Karolos Koun.
Cinema.
Cinema first appeared in Greece in 1896 at the Summer Olympics, but the first actual cine-theatre was opened in 1907. In 1914 the "Asty Films Company" was founded and the production of long films begun. "Golfo" (Γκόλφω), a well known traditional love story, is the first Greek long movie, although there were several minor productions such as newscasts before this. In 1931 Orestis Laskos directed "Daphnis and Chloe" ("Δάφνις και Χλόη"), contained the first nude scene in the history of European cinema; it was also the first Greek movie which was played abroad. In 1944 Katina Paxinou was honoured with the Best Supporting Actress Academy Award for "For Whom the Bell Tolls".
The 1950s and early 1960s are considered by many as the Greek Golden age of Cinema. Directors and actors of this era were recognized as important historical figures in Greece and some gained international acclaim: Mihalis Kakogiannis, Alekos Sakellarios, Melina Mercouri, Nikos Tsiforos, Iakovos Kambanelis, Katina Paxinou, Nikos Koundouros, Ellie Lambeti, Irene Papas etc. More than sixty films per year were made, with the majority having film noir elements.
Notable films were "Η κάλπικη λίρα" (1955 directed by Giorgos Tzavellas), "Πικρό Ψωμί" (1951, directed by Grigoris Grigoriou), "O Drakos" (1956 directed by Nikos Koundouros), "Stella" (1955 directed by Cacoyannis and written by Kampanellis). Cacoyannis also directed "Zorba the Greek" with Anthony Quinn which received Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Film nominations. Finos Film also contributed to this period with movies such as "Λατέρνα, Φτώχεια και Φιλότιμο", "Η Θεία από το Σικάγο", "Το ξύλο βγήκε από τον Παράδεισο" and many more.
The exiled royal family.
All members of the former royal family are living abroad; Constantine II and his wife, Anne-Marie and unmarried children currently reside in London. As male-line descendants of King Christian IX of Denmark the members of the dynasty bear the title of "Prince or Princess of Denmark"; this is why they are traditionally referred to as Princes or Princesses of "Greece and Denmark".
List of kings of Greece.
"Note: The dates signify reign not life span."
Heir.
During the kingdom, the heir apparent (cf. Crown Prince of Greece) carried no specific title. During the Glücksburg dynasty, the heir also enjoyed the title of "Duke of Sparta".

</doc>
<doc id="2879402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879402" title="Dikta">
Dikta

Dikta is an indie rock band from Iceland. They have released four albums thus far.
Biography.
In its present incarnation, the group began in 1999. They played in the Icelandic band competition Músíktilraunir in 2000 and were finalists. Dikta's four members have been friends since they were children. Last year they've played on festivals such as In The City in Manchester, the SPOT-festival in Denmark and Iceland Airwaves. Their powerful performance in front of a packed venue at Iceland Airwaves earned them a mention in Rolling Stone Magazine.
Dikta's first album, "Andartak", was released in late 2002. It was released in Iceland by the band members themselves under their own label called Mistak Records. One of its singles reached the top of the Icelandic charts. All three singles, "Taminóra," "Andartak," and "Engin orð," were played frequently on Iceland's largest rock station at the time, X-ið 977. The lyrics on "Andartak" are all in Icelandic.
Dikta released their second album, "Hunting for Happiness" in 2005 in Iceland. The album was produced by Ace from Skunk Anansie and was released by the Sugarcubes-owned label, Smekkleysa SM (Bad Taste). The album artwork was made by Gabríela Friðriksdóttir, who has previously collaborated extensively with Björk.
"Hunting for Happiness" also had four successful singles, "Chloë", "Breaking the Waves", "Someone, Somewhere" and "Losing Every Day". All the singles got heavy airplay on Iceland's rock radio stations X-FM and X-ið 977 as well as Iceland's National Radio (Rás 2), except for "Chloë", which was not played on Rás 2.
The lyrics on "Hunting for Happiness" are in English.
"Hunting for Happiness" was released by Smekkleysa in Denmark in 2006 and UK in 2007.
Their third album is called Get It Together (2009). Band members have said in interviews that the album would be a natural progression from their previous album, Hunting for Happiness. The lyrics are in English. The album will be released in Germany, Austria and Switzerland by Smarten-Up!, a German indie label from Düsseldorf and distributed by Rough Trade, in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2879405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879405" title="Terra 2001">
Terra 2001

Terra 2001 is the second album of The Brilliant Green released on September 8, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2879406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879406" title="Jeff Corey">
Jeff Corey

Jeff Corey (August 10, 1914 – August 16, 2002) was an American stage and screen actor and director who became a well-respected acting teacher after being blacklisted in the 1950s.
Biography.
Hollywood.
Corey was born Arthur Zwerling in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Mary ("née" Peskin) and Nathan Zwerling. After a Shakespearean stint in New York in the late 1930s, Corey made the move to Hollywood in 1940, where he became a highly respected character actor. One of his most notable movie roles was in a 1951 feature film, "Superman and the Mole Men", which was later edited to a two-part episode of the television series "The Adventures of Superman", retitled "The Unknown People". His portrayal of a xenophobic vigilante coincidentally reflected what was about to happen to him.
Blacklisted.
His career was halted in the early 1950s, when he was summoned before the House Committee on Un-American Activities. Corey refused to give names of alleged "Communists" and "subversives" in the entertainment industry and went so far as to ridicule the panel by offering critiques of the testimony of the previous witnesses. This behavior led to his being blacklisted for 12 years. "Most of us were retired Reds. We had left it, at least I had, years before," Corey told Patrick McGilligan, the co-author of "Tender Comrades: A Backstory of the Hollywood Blacklist" who also teaches film at Marquette University. "The only issue was, did you want to just give them their token names so you could continue your career, or not? I had no impulse to defend a political point of view that no longer interested me particularly . . . They just wanted two new names so they could hand out more subpoenas."
During his blacklisting Corey drew upon his experience in various actors' workshops (including the Actors Lab, which he helped establish) by seeking work as an acting teacher. He soon became one of the most influential teachers in Hollywood. His students, at various times, included Robert Blake, James Coburn, Richard Chamberlain, James Dean, Jane Fonda, Peter Fonda, Michael Forest, James Hong, Sally Kellerman, Shirley Knight, Penny Marshall, Jack Nicholson, Darrell M. Smith, Diane Varsi, Sharon Tate, Rita Moreno, Leonard Nimoy, Anthony Perkins, Rob Reiner, Robert Towne, Barbra Streisand and Robin Williams.
Back to work in the 1960s.
In 1962 Corey began working in films again, and remained active into the 1990s. He played Hoban in "The Cincinnati Kid" in 1965, Tom Chaney the principal villain in 1969's "True Grit" and was sheriff Bledsoe in "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" who warned Butch and Sundance that no good would come of their breaking the law. In 1966 he starred in "Seconds", a science fiction drama film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Rock Hudson, about wealthy executives who opt to restart their lives with a new identity, an ironic parallel to the real life of three of the principal actors (Corey and Will Geer and John Randolph) were proscribed from Hollywood films during the "Blacklist" years of the 1950s. He played a police detective in the psychological thriller "The Premonition" (1976) and he reprised the role of sheriff Bledsoe in the 1979 prequel "". He also played Wild Bill Hickok in "Little Big Man" in 1970.
Television.
He made guest appearances on many TV shows. In 1964 he appeared as murder victim Carl Bascom in the "Perry Mason" episode, "The Case of the Reckless Rockhound." His best-known science fiction appearances were in "O.B.I.T.", an episode of "The Outer Limits" in 1963; 1969's "The Cloud Minders", a third-season episode of "", in which he played High Advisor Plasus; and "Z'ha'dum", the third-season finale of "Babylon 5", in which he played Justin, and as Caspay in "Beneath the Planet of the Apes". He was also the voice of the villain Silvermane (in elderly form) in "Spider-Man: The Animated Series". He also appeared in the short-lived "Paper Moon", a comedy about a father and his presumed daughter roaming through the American Midwest during the Great Depression, trying to get rich quick. He had a memorable role in a third-season "Night Court" as a burned-out judge who'd lost his grip on reality.
Looking back.
In an interview in February 1973 aboard the SS "Universe Campus" of Chapman College, Corey detailed his TV work on Rod Serling's "Night Gallery". Up to this time he was proudest of this work, for which he received an Emmy nomination. 
Returning to one aspect of his acting roots, he can be seen directing some of the screen tests for "Superman" in the DVD extras.
Corey died on August 16, 2002 from complications from a fall at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="2879419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879419" title="Cybrid (disambiguation)">
Cybrid (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="2879420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879420" title="Mount Douglas">
Mount Douglas

Mount Douglas can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2879422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879422" title="Sonata da camera">
Sonata da camera

Sonata da camera is literally translated to mean 'chamber sonata' and is used to describe a group of instrumental pieces set into three or four different movements, beginning with a prelude, or small sonata, acting as an introduction for the following movements.
The term "sonata da camera" originated from Rome in the late 17th century from when Arcangelo Corelli wrote two different variations of sonata. These became known as "sonata da camera" and "sonata da chiesa" respectively. In the "Oxford History of Western Music", Richard Taruskin describes a sonata da camera as "... essentially a dance suite, which Corelli adapted to the prevailing four-movement format (a 'preludio' and three dances or connecting movements)." The following dance style movements were usually given names referring to the style, e.g., partita, suite, ordre, ouverture and air (as in English reprints of Corelli's chamber sonatas). The most frequent instrumentation in sonata da camera was two violins and a bass. Most harmonies were completed in the bass part whilst the two treble instruments played above. This was also known as a trio sonata, as this consisted of three major parts. But sometimes, a fourth player (usually a cellist) was required to double on the basso continuo line. However, recent scholarship has revealed the diversity of instruments used for the "basso continuo" line in Corelli's milieu, including theorbo, guitar and organ. An ambiguity on the title page of Corelli's set of sonatas has led many to conclude that the continuo would have been either a harpsichord or cello, rather than both as was previously assumed.

</doc>
<doc id="2879430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879430" title="Rakugakids">
Rakugakids

Gameplay.
The game is similar in play to a toned-down . The button layout is the fighting game standard six-buttons consisting primarily of three punches and three kicks, which combine with various directional commands to produce special secondary moves. All characters have a single-button attack that sends the opponent into the air, where they can then be pursued and aerially attacked. Perhaps to complement this, each character can perform an additional jump while in the air.
Super combos in this game are referred to as "Magic" and a player can have up to three levels of Magic which are represented by three crayons that appear at the bottom of the screen. Super Meter levels can be spent in three ways: offense, where an attack that causes heavy damage with a few hits; defense, where an attack that causes little damage, but sends the opponent far away; and counter, usable only while the character is blocking, causes medium damage and sends the opponent flying away.
Related releases.
Some references such as characters and music from "Rakugakids" were later added to other video games by Konami. In , Nathan (protagonist of this Castlevania title) can transform into the Beartank character by equipping the Bear Ring and activating the Black Dog and Pluto cards (which normally transforms him into a Skeleton). Beartank makes appearance in Goemon Mononoke Sugoroku. Beartank also appears as a secret character in Konami Krazy Racers. Music from the game also appears in some of Konami's Bemani games, namely "Beatmania GB" and Pop n' Music.

</doc>
<doc id="2879431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879431" title="Rohov (Opava District)">
Rohov (Opava District)

Rohov is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 600 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2879438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879438" title="Raymond of Sabunde">
Raymond of Sabunde

Raymond of Sabunde (also Ramon Sibiuda, Sabiende, Sabond, Sabonde, Sebon, Sebonde, or Sebeyde) was a Catalan scholar, teacher of medicine and philosophy and finally regius professor of theology at Toulouse. He was born in Barcelona, (at that time the major Catalan city of the Crown of Aragon), towards the end of the 14th century and died in 1436.
His "Liber naturae sive creaturarum, etc" (or "Theologia Naturalis"), written 1434–1436, marks an important stage in the history of natural theology. It was first written in Latin (but not in a strictly classical Latin, since it contained plenty of Catalan-influenced Latin words). His followers composed a more classical Latin version of the work. It was translated into French by Michel de Montaigne (Paris, 1569) and edited in Latin at various times (e.g. Deventer, 1487; Strasburg, 1496; Paris, 1509; Venice, 1581, etc.).
The book was directed against the position then generally held, that reason and faith, philosophy and theology were antithetical and irreconcilable. Raymond declares that the book of Nature and the Bible are both Divine revelations, the one general and immediate, the other specific and mediate. Montaigne ("Essays", bk. ii. ch. xii., ""Apology for Raymond de Sebonde"") tells how he translated the book into French and found " the conceits of the author to be excellent, the contexture of his work well followed, and his project full of pietie. . . . His drift is bold, and his scope adventurous, for he undertaketh by humane and naturall reasons, to establish and verifie all the articles of Christian religion against Atheists."
Editions.
The "editio princeps" of the book, which found many imitators, is undated but probably belongs to 1484; there are many subsequent editions, one by J. F. von Seidel as late as 1852. In 1595 the "Prologus" was put on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum for its declaration that the Bible is not the only source of revealed truth.

</doc>
<doc id="2879447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879447" title="Natural History (I Am Kloot album)">
Natural History (I Am Kloot album)

Natural History is the debut album by I Am Kloot, released to much eagerness from the British music press in 2001. The album was produced by Guy Garvey, lead singer for the Manchester-based band Elbow.
Although reaching a low chart placing outside the top 100, the band built up a dedicated and loyal fanbase through touring and promotion. The album itself is widely viewed as some of I Am Kloot's best work to date. Prior to the album's release, the band released two singles on Ugly Man Records: "Titanic"/"To You" in November 1999, and "Twist"/"86 TV's" in March 2000. The album itself spawned two further singles: "Dark Star" in February 2001, and "Morning Rain" in July 2001.
All songs written by John Harold Arnold Bramwell.
Track listing.
The remastered 2013 edition includes three bonus tracks: "Titanic", "Over My Shoulder" and "Stand Another Drink (Proof)".
Track listing (different running order).
The Japanese edition includes two bonus tracks: "Over My Shoulder" and "Titanic".
Singles.
"sources:"

</doc>
<doc id="2879449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879449" title="Trevor Fitzroy">
Trevor Fitzroy

Trevor Fitzroy is a Marvel Comics supervillain, an enemy of the X-Men, in particular Bishop. Created by Jim Lee and Whilce Portacio, he first appeared in "Uncanny X-Men" #281 (October 1991).
Fitzroy hails from the same dystopian future as Bishop. A mutant criminal, he possesses the ability to absorb energy from human beings and use that energy to open time portals, which is how Bishop traveled to the present. He has since been featured as the main adversary in series featuring Bishop.
Fictional character biography.
The future.
Trevor Fitzroy was the bastard son of Anthony Shaw, Black King of Hellfire Club, in a dystopian future. Fitzroy joined the Academy for Xavier's Security Enforcers (XSE) and had a relationship with Shard. He turned out to be a criminal, though, and was removed from the Academy. His wealthy father tried to protect his son for a while, but when Fitzroy was caught for murder, even he could no longer protect him. Fitzroy was captured and arrested by Bishop, Shard's brother and an XSE officer. 
Fitzroy himself thought that he was merely a teleporter, but a secret group of XSE agents, known as the Xavier's Underground Enforcers (XUE) discovered that Fitzroy had the ability to travel through time. The XUE recruited Shard and freed Fitzroy, hoping to use his powers to change the past to create a better present. However, Shard, reminded how dangreous Fitzroy was, stopped them and Fitzroy was returned to prison.
The Upstarts.
From prison, Fitzroy escaped to the present time with his mutant minion Bantam. There, he became involved with a group known as the Upstarts, a competition set up by Selene to eliminate her rivals within the Hellfire Club. Led by the Gamesmaster, the Upstarts had to kill other mutants to receive points. The Upstart with the most points would win the prize: control over the Hellfire Club and the other competitors. To enter the competition, one had to kill a member of the Hellfire Club's Inner Circle (though later members didn't have to.) 
As part of this “game,” Fitzroy unleashed Sentinels on the Reavers and their leader Donald Pierce. All were killed except Pierce, who escaped and arrived at the Hellfire Club, followed by the Sentinels. The Sentinels killed Pierce (later rebuilt) and then killed most of the Hellions, put their leader, Emma Frost, into a coma and apparently killed Jean Grey (who had actually switched her mind with Frost). The X-Men, who had been negotiating with Frost, fought Fitzroy. Fitzroy was forced to open a large time portal, allowing prisoners from his own time to escape to the present. The prisoners attacked the X-Men, but stopped when three figures stepped through the portal: Bishop and fellow XSE agents Randall and Malcolm. They went after Fitzroy, eventually killing the escaped criminals. However, Malcolm and Randall were killed, and Bishop remained in the present, joining the X-Men.
Fitzroy turned on Selene and captured her, though she later managed to escape. He also brought in Siena Blaze to compete in the Upstart competition. Fitzroy clashed with the X-Men a second time when he tried to kill Forge, but managed to escape again. When the Gamesmaster declared that the new target for the Upstart competition would be former members of the New Mutants and Hellions, Fitzroy attacked X-Force, demanding they turn over Rictor and Warpath. X-Force leader Cable tricked Fitzroy into trying to absorb his life-energy, but as Cable's arm wasn't organic, Fitzroy's powers used his own life-energy to open a portal, seemingly killing him.
After the Upstarts.
Fitzroy turns up later and joins the Hellfire Club, becoming the White Rook. During this time he cooperates with Pierce and Shaw, despite his previous attempts to kill them. He leaves the Club and travels back to an alternate future (Earth-9910), now calling himself the Chronomancer. He takes control over this new timeline, but Bishop arrives and fights Fitzroy, eventually killing him.
X-Factor.
A younger version appears that is a participant in the Summers Rebellion. Here, he is shown to be a good guy. After Cortex kills him during a fight, Layla Miller resurrects him physically but is unable to revive him with a soul, establishing the point at which he becomes a villain.
Powers and abilities.
Fitzroy possessed the mutant ability to drain others of their life forces, converting it into energy and absorbing it into himself. With these energies, Fitzroy could create portals that could teleport those passing through them across time and space. He often was dependent on the mutant Bantam to direct and catalog the time-portals he made, lacking the ability to do so himself. 
In his early appearances, Fitzroy wears a futuristic battle-armor that increases his strength and protects him from opponents. This battle armor was destroyed by the X-Men and a second suit of armor was destroyed by X-Force.
Fitzroy also had several Sentinels that obeyed his commands. These Sentinels were smaller than the 20th century type, but had the ability to repair themselves using material from their near vicinity.
In other media.
Television.
Fitzroy was a guest-star in the two-part episode "One Man's Worth" of the episodes of the mid-’90s "X-Men" animated series. Fitzroy, known as "the Mutant Traitor", under the orders of Master Mold, travels back in time to 1959 to murder Charles Xavier. In the cartoon, he does not kill those whose energy he absorbs, but knocks them unconscious for a few days.
Video Games.
Fitzroy was one of the bosses in "". Defeating him allows Wolverine to be a playable character.

</doc>
<doc id="2879473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879473" title="Flatliner">
Flatliner

Flatliner may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2879475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879475" title="Night of the Radishes">
Night of the Radishes

The Night of the Radishes () is celebrated every year on December 23 and it began in 1897 in the “zócalo” (main plaza) of Oaxaca city. Although it lasts only a few hours, it attracts thousands of people to this plaza each year.
It is one of the most impressive vegetable festivals around the world. Mexican craftsmen carve giant root vegetables into human figures and other vivid forms.
Although the competition last only for few hours, the celebrations do not end on December 23. The festival continues on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with other joyful activities like float parades, fireworks displays and street dances.
The event consists of an exhibition of sculptures made from a type of large red radish which can weigh up to and attain lengths up to . These radishes are especially grown for this event, left in the ground for months after the normal harvests to let them attain their giant size and unusual shapes.
The sculptures are made by professional craftsmen and aficionados, who are mostly radish growers. Themes include complete nativity scenes, party scenes with dozens of figures, Baile Folklorico, models of real buildings built with much detail, and saints. The sculpted scenes include other materials such as dried flowers and corn husks but what makes a sculpture stand out is the creative cutting of the radish itself for effect, such as carefully peeling the red skin back and perforating it to create a lace skirt. A contest is held with the first-prize winner getting their picture in the newspaper.
History.
The radish made its way to Mexico in the 16th century.
Mexico was under the rule of Spain during that period and the country had several key ports where food is being traded internally through Galleons or wooden ships.
The local market vendors were the ones who used carved radishes to invite people inside their stores.

</doc>
<doc id="2879476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879476" title="Mount Douglas (Antarctica)">
Mount Douglas (Antarctica)

Mount Douglas () is a striking pyramidal peak, 1,750 m, near the head of Fry Glacier, on the divide between the Fry and Mawson Glaciers. The New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (1956–58) established a survey station on its summit in December 1957. Named for Murray H. Douglas, a member of the party.

</doc>
<doc id="2879485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879485" title="Strahovice">
Strahovice

Strahovice () is a village in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 900 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2879487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879487" title="Matthew B. Lowrie">
Matthew B. Lowrie

Mathew B. Lowrie (1773 – July 28, 1850), served as the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1830 to 1831.
Early life.
Lowrie was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, from where he emigrated with his parents the U.S. state of to Pennsylvania. As a young man he came to Pittsburgh and started a thriving grocery business. Lowrie was also active in religion, serving many years as a Sunday school teacher at the First Presbyterian Church. His brother, Walter Lowrie, served in the United States Senate, and his son, Walter H. Lowrie, went on to become Chief Justice of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.
Pittsburgh politics.
Mathew Lowrie was elected mayor in 1830 and is credited with "modernizing" the fire department.
The city bought its very first steam powered fire engine and named it the "citizen". Lowrie was also instrumental in managing the city's rapid growth by adopting the "ward" system of governance for the first time in western Pennsylvania.
Later life.
Lowrie died in 1850 after a bout with cholera, he is buried in Allegheny Cemetery and the site is marked by an obelisk.

</doc>
<doc id="2879488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879488" title="Acacia craspedocarpa">
Acacia craspedocarpa

Acacia craspedocarpa, commonly known as hop mulga, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs in watercourses, on floodplains and alongside rivers throughout south-central Western Australia.
Hop mulga is a spreading, shrubby tree that can grow to three metres but it is usually smaller. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are bluish green, about two centimetres long and one centimetres wide. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters up to two centimetres long and five millimetres in diameter. The pods are broad and flat, and resemble the pods of the hop plant.

</doc>
<doc id="2879489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879489" title="Derek Mahon">
Derek Mahon

Derek Mahon (born 23 November 1941) is a Northern Irish poet. He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Biography.
Mahon was born the only child of Ulster Protestant working class parents. His father and grandfather worked at Harland and Wolff while his mother worked at a local flax mill. During his childhood, he claims he was something of a solitary dreamer, comfortable with his own company yet aware of the world around him. Interested in literature from an early age, he attended Skegoneil Primary school and then the Royal Belfast Academical Institution. At Inst he encountered fellow students who shared his interest in literature and poetry. The school produced a magazine to which Mahon produced some of his early poems. According to the critic Hugh Haughton his early poems were highly fluent and extraordinary for a person so young.
Mahon pursued third level studies at Trinity College, Dublin where he edited "Icarus", and formed many friendships with writers such as Michael Longley, Eavan Boland and Brendan Kennelly. He started to mature as a poet. He left Trinity in 1965 to take up studies at the Sorbonne in Paris.
After leaving the Sorbonne in 1966 he worked his way through Canada and the United States. In 1967 he published his first collection of poems "Night Crossing". He taught in a school in Dublin and worked in London as a freelance journalist. He currently lives in Kinsale, Co. Cork. On 23 March. 2007 he was awarded the David Cohen Prize for Literature. He won the Poetry Now Award in 2006 for his collection, "Harbour Lights", and again in 2009 for his "Life on Earth" collection.
Style.
Thoroughly educated and with a keen understanding of literary tradition, Mahon came out of the tumult of Northern Ireland with a formal, moderate, even restrained poetic voice. In an era of free verse, Mahon has often written in received forms, using a broadly applied version of iambic pentameter that, metrically, resembles the "sprung foot" verse of Gerard Manley Hopkins. Some poems rhyme. Even the Irish landscape itself is never all that far from the classical tradition, as in his poem "Achill":
He has also explored the genre of ekphrasis: the poetic reinterpretation of visual art. In that respect he has been interested in 17th century Dutch and Flemish art.
Mahon has been cited as a major influence by a number of Irish poets, including Seamus Heaney, Eavan Boland and Eamon Grennan.

</doc>
<doc id="2879510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879510" title="Crisis Management Initiative">
Crisis Management Initiative

Crisis Management Initiative (CMI) is an independent, non-governmental organisation that works to resolve conflict and to build sustainable peace. CMI has offices in Helsinki and Brussels and activities in Liberia, Ethiopia, the Black Sea region, Middle East and Aceh. It was founded by Martti Ahtisaari, the former President of Finland, in 2000. In 2005, it achieved reputation for the peace agreement between The Government of Indonesia and the Free Aceh Movement. Martti Ahtisaari won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2008.
Activities.
CMI is networking for peace, supporting local decision makers in building stability and encouraging conflict parties to a dialogue. The CMI way of doing things is pulling together international peacebuilding experts and local experience. Over the past decade CMI has gained valuable knowledge of different peacebuilding and conflict solving methods. CMI tailors the models accordingly and turns thinking into action.
CMI currently operates in:
CMI Highlights.
The Nobel Peace Prize for 2008.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee awarded President Ahtisaari the Nobel Peace Prize for 2008 “for his important efforts, on several continents and over more than three decades, to resolve international conflicts”. The Nobel Committee also highlighted the role of CMI as having provided the necessary support for President Ahtisaari’s many important international assignments for instance in Iraq, the Horn of Africa, Northern Ireland, Central Asia and Aceh, Indonesia.
Governance.
CMI is a non-governmental organization independent of governments, multilateral institutions or their networks. CMI is governed by a Board of Directors and an International Advisory Board combining expertise in the public and private sectors, multilateral institutions, as well as field practice in international regions in crisis. CMI's Executive Director is Tuija Talvitie (as of 1.11.2009).

</doc>
<doc id="2879517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879517" title="Godfrey Cambridge">
Godfrey Cambridge

Godfrey MacArthur Cambridge (February 26, 1933 – November 29, 1976) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, and comedian. Alongside Bill Cosby, Dick Gregory, and Nipsey Russell, he was acclaimed by "Time" magazine in 1965 as "one of the country's four most celebrated Negro comedians."
Early life.
Cambridge was born Godfrey MacArthur Cambridge in New York City, New York to on February 26, 1933 Alexander and Sarah Cambridge, who were immigrants from British Guyana. His parents, dissatisfied with the New York Public School System, sent him to live with his grandparents in Sydney, Nova Scotia during his primary school years. When he was 13, Cambridge moved back to New York and attended Flushing High School in Flushing, Queens.
In 1949, Cambridge studied medicine at Hofstra College, which he attended for three years before dropping out to pursue a career in acting.
Stage and screen career.
While pursuing an acting career, Cambridge supported himself with a variety of jobs, including "cab driver, bead-sorter, ambulance driver, gardener, judo instructor, and clerk for the New York City Housing Authority," as well as cleaning airplanes and making popcorn bunnies.
His first role was as a bartender in the off-Broadway play "Take a Giant Step". He made his Broadway debut in the original production of Herman Wouk's 1957 play "Nature's Way". Cambridge received a 1962 Tony Award nomination as part of the original cast of "Purlie Victorious", a play written by and starring Ossie Davis; he was featured in an opening-night cast that also included Ruby Dee, Alan Alda, Sorrell Booke, Roger C. Carmel, Helen Martin, and Beah Richards.
Godfrey's memorable film roles include "Watermelon Man", in which he plays the lead character, a white bigot who one day wakes up and discovers his skin color has turned black, and "The President's Analyst", where he plays a depressed government agent. He also had a starring role in the 1970 Ossie Davis adaptation of the Chester Himes novel "Cotton Comes to Harlem", as well as its 1972 sequel, "Come Back, Charleston Blue". Godfrey made an impressive cameo appearance in director Sidney Lumet's "Bye Bye Braverman" as a Yiddish speaking NYC cab driver involved in a car collision with the main protagonists, and another as a gay underworld figure in the 1975 Pam Grier vehicle "Friday Foster". Cambridge had a starring role in "Beware! The Blob", a sequel to "The Blob".
He hosted, financed, and produced "Dead is Dead" (1970), a drug-awareness film. It gave an uncensored look at the downside of drug-use, showing actual drug users injecting drugs and going through withdrawal.
Cambridge appeared on several network television programs, including "Car 54 Where Are You?" ("The Curse of the Snitkins"), "The Dick Van Dyke Show" ("The Man From My Uncle"), "I Spy" ("Court of the Lion"), and Police Story ("Year of the Dragon"). He also had a small speaking part as a member of Sgt. Bilko's platoon in "The Phil Silvers Show", 1957 episode "Boys Town". Cambridge gave an acclaimed performance alongside Tom Bosley in the episode "Make Me Laugh" of Rod Serling's "Night Gallery", a story about a failed comedian who looks to a genie for a quick fix to success; the episode was directed by Steven Spielberg. He perhaps reached his largest television audience in a series of comical commercials for Jockey brand underwear.
He later appeared in Jean Genet's "The Blacks: A Clown Show", giving a performance that earned him an Obie Award in 1961. Four years later he did a stock version of "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum".
Stand-up comedy.
In addition to acting, Cambridge had major success as a stand-up comedian. By 1965 he was earning "as much as $4,000 a week...in all respects a headliner, working the best places, such as San Francisco's hungry i and Hollywood's Crescendo." He appeared on "The Tonight Show". His routines were imbued with biting sarcasm and trenchant topical humor that was common in comedic circles at the time. He was noted for comic lapses from standard educated speech to Black street-speak.
Personal life.
Cambridge, along with writer Maya Angelou and actor Hugh Hurd, organized one of the first benefits for Martin Luther King, Jr. held in New York City; according to Angelou, it was held at the Village Gate in the late 1950s and raised $9,000 for King's civil rights movement. (On his 1964 album "Ready Or Not", Cambridge joked he was supporting Barry Goldwater, saying that the GOP presidential nominee had "come flat out against slavery...in principle!")
Cambridge married actress Barbara Ann Teer in 1962; the couple divorced three years later. During the 1970s he remained in semi-retirement, making few public appearances and marrying Audriano Meyers in 1972.
Death.
Cambridge died of a heart attack at the age of 43 while on the Burbank, California, set of the ABC television movie "Victory at Entebbe", in which he was to portray Idi Amin. Amin commented on Cambridge's death, saying it was "punishment from God."

</doc>
<doc id="2879519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879519" title="Chuchelná">
Chuchelná

Chuchelná () is a village in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 1,300 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2879523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879523" title="Drygalski Mountains">
Drygalski Mountains

The Drygalski Mountains are a group of scattered mountains and nunataks lying between the Filchner Mountains and the Kurze Mountains in the Orvin Mountains of Queen Maud Land. They were discovered by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Captain Alfred Ritscher, and named for Professor Erich von Drygalski, the leader of the First German Antarctica Expedition of 1901-03. They were remapped from air photos and survey by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60.
The highest peak is Ulvetanna Peak at .

</doc>
<doc id="2879545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879545" title="Graham Diamond">
Graham Diamond

Graham Diamond (born 18 August 1949, Manchester, England) is a fantasy and science fiction author.
Early life and education.
Born in Manchester, England, his family moved to the United States when he was a young child. He was raised in New York City, on the Upper West Side, and graduated from the High School of Music and Art. He attended CCNY in NY, and the Art Students League of New York.
Literary career.
A fine arts major, Diamond turned to professional writing in his late twenties is best known for books such as "The Haven", "Lady of the Haven", "The Thief of Kalimar", "Black Midnight", "Forest Wars", "Marrakesh", "Samarkand", and "Samarkand Dawn". He soon turned to other genres; including historical fiction, thrillers, and later a true story of a Holocaust survivor's family during World War II, "Maybe You Will Survive". Several of his books were published in the UK by Methuen.
Under the pen name Rochelle Leslie (the names of his two daughters), he authored "Tears of Passion, Tears of Shame", a novel of South Africa set during the Zulu War of 1879 (Berkeley/Jove) which was subsequently published in Italy, titled, "Venuto De Lontano", ("To Come From Far Away") by Mondadori. He also has had various short stories published in anthologies. His latest book, "Chocolate Lenin," was released in 2012. It is speculative fiction, a well received satire/fantasy of near-future Russia, parodying contemporary science, technology, and politics.
In 2013 it was announced that his first novel, "The Haven", will be re-released in a new oversize format. The book is considered by many to be a cult classic. It was previously published in UK and Australia, as well as the United States.
Diamond worked for many years at the New York Times as production manager in Editorial Art until leaving to pursue a full-time career in writing. He has taught and lectured on creative writing in New York and California.

</doc>
<doc id="2879549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879549" title="Dyango">
Dyango

Dyango, born José Gómez Romero on March 5, 1940 in Barcelona, is a Catalan musician.
He was born on March 5, but his father filed the birth on May 8, the date that appears on his official records.
He named himself after the Romani (Gypsy) guitarist Django Reinhardt. Two of his sons, Marcos Llunas and Jordi, are also singers, though the first one is currently retired.
José Gómez Romero, Dyango, was formed musically at the Conservatorio de Música de Barcelona and toured Europe for two years performing different types of music. He decided to expand his voice as a solo artist and debuted at El Festival de la Canción del Duero (1965).
After a brief stint with Zafiro, in 1974, Dyango signed a music contract with EMI. His first album was recorded in 1975.
Since then, his repertoire has included "boleros" (romantic Spanish music), "tangos" (Argentinian music) and "rancheras" (Mexican music), remakes of songs from the 60's, dozens of his own songs, even lyrical pieces. In his career, he has recorded duets with the following artists: Celia Cruz, Oscar D'León, Sheena Easton, Roberto Goyeneche, Pimpinela and the tenor Jaume Aragall.
In 1989 he recorded the album 'Suspiros' which included 'El que mas te ha querido' by composer Concha Valdes Miranda, reaching a worldwide success. He was nominated for a Grammy three times.
Dyango has obtained in his career 55 gold records and 40 platinum, which have been awarded in Spain as well as other Latin American countries, as well as the USA. Amongst them 'A corazón Abierto' has received double platinum status.
Currently, Dyango is immersed with taking on new forms of expressions of his career, like painting.
Dyango suffered a heart attack and was admitted in a Barcelona hospital until March 5, 2009.
He is also an advocate of Catalonia's independence from Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2879552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879552" title="Filchner Mountains">
Filchner Mountains

The Filchner Mountains () are a group of mountains southwest of the Drygalski Mountains, at the western end of the Orvin Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. They were discovered by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Capt. Alfred Ritscher, and named for Wilhelm Filchner, leader of the German expedition to the Weddell Sea area in 1911–12. They were remapped from air photos taken by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1958–59.

</doc>
<doc id="2879557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879557" title="Midsomer">
Midsomer

Midsomer may refer to–

</doc>
<doc id="2879566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879566" title="Lynn Riggs">
Lynn Riggs

Rollie Lynn Riggs (August 31, 1899 – June 30, 1954) was an American author, poet and playwright born on a farm near Claremore, Oklahoma. His mother was 1/8 Cherokee, and when he was two years old, his mother secured his Cherokee allotment for him. He was able to draw on his allotment to help support his writing. Riggs wrote 21 full-length plays, several short stories, poems, and a television script.
Early life.
He was educated at the Eastern University Preparatory School in Claremore, Oklahoma, starting in 1912. Riggs graduated from high school in 1917, and travelled to Chicago and New York. He worked for the Adams Express Company in Chicago, wrote for the "Wall Street Journal", sold books at Macy's and swept out Wall Street offices. Returning to Oklahoma in 1919, he wrote for the "Oil and Gas Journal". Travelling to Los Angeles, Riggs worked as an extra in the theatre, and a copyeditor at the "Los Angeles Times", which published his first poem. Riggs entered the University of Oklahoma in 1920, and taught English there from 1922-1923. However, Riggs did not graduate after he became ill with tuberculosis during his senior year. Riggs then moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico for health reasons and soon joined a group of artists. However, in 1926 Riggs moved back to New York hoping to work in the Broadway theatres.
Literary career.
His first major production was a one-act play, "Knives from Syria", which was produced by the Santa Fe Players in 1925. He began teaching at the Lewis Institute, Chicago, while continuing to write. In 1928 he received a John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship and travelled to Europe. Riggs began writing his most famous play, "Green Grow the Lilacs" in the Café Les Deux Magots on the Left Bank in Paris. He completed this play five months later in Cagnes-sur-Mer, in Southern France.
He then lived in Santa Fe, Los Angeles, and New York, and was a screenwriter for Paramount and Universal Studios. After serving in the military 1942-44 he worked on an historical drama for Western Reserve University, published a short story, "Eben, The Hound, and the Hare" (1952), and worked on a novel set in Oklahoma. He moved to Shelter Island, New York after he started receiving a steady income when "Green Grow The Lilacs" was adapted into the landmark musical "Oklahoma!" in 1943.
Riggs was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame in 1943, and in 1965 he was inducted into the Hall of Great Westerners of the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum.
Death.
He died on June 30, 1954, of stomach cancer in New York City. Claremore, Oklahoma is home to the Lynn Riggs Memorial.
Plays.
Selected plays include:
His first play was Cuckoo in 1920, a farce about college fraternities that was performed at the University of Oklahoma in the spring of 1921. The Theatre Guild produced his most well-known play, "Green Grow The Lilacs", on Broadway in 1931, where it ran for 64 performances. The musical "Oklahoma!", based on Riggs' play, opened on Broadway on March 31, 1943, and ran until May 29, 1948 for 2,212 performances.

</doc>
<doc id="2879581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879581" title="New Canaan Nature Center">
New Canaan Nature Center

The New Canaan Nature Center () is a botanical garden, arboretum and nature preserve located at 144 Oenoke Ridge, Route 124, about north of the center of New Canaan, Connecticut.
The nature center includes wet and dry meadows, two ponds, wet and dry woodlands, dense thickets, an old orchard, and a cattail marsh, as well as a greenhouse. Landscaped areas of the site include a wildflower garden (which won the 1997 Homer Lucas Landscape Award from the New England Wild Flower Society), a herb garden and a perennial border. About 90% of the plant specimens in the wildflower garden are native species, including bloodroot, columbine, mayapple, jack-in-the-pulpit, wild geranium, Solomon's plume, starflower, and trillium. Shade-loving perennials include bleeding heart, crested iris, Jacob's ladder, hepatica, European ginger and Virginia bluebells. Azaleas, rhododendrons and a stand of mountain laurel also feature.
The center also contains a small arboretum of "Sciadopitys verticillata" (Umbrella Pine), "Chamaecyparis pisifera Squarrosa" (Moss Sawara Cypress), "Chamaecyparis pisifera Plumosa" (Plume False Cyprus), "Pinus densiflora ‘Umbraculifera’" (Japanese Umbrella Pine), "Fagus sylvatica ‘Atropunicea’" (Purple Beech), "Fagus sylvatica ‘Pendula’" (European Weeping Beech), "Cercis canandensis" (Eastern Redbud), "Acer palmatum ‘Dissectum-Pendula’", "Pinus cembra" (Swiss Stone Pine) and "Picea apies ‘Repens’" (Weeping Norway Spruce).
New Canaan Nature Center features many nature programs throughout the year, including the Fall Fair every October, and maple sugaring celebrations in early spring.

</doc>
<doc id="2879584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879584" title="The Box (Chicago album)">
The Box (Chicago album)

The Box is a five-CD/one DVD career-spanning box set by popular American group Chicago and was compiled and released through Rhino Records in 2003. The set was authorized by the band, which helped choose material from its entire back catalogue.
The box includes material from every studio album released by the band since its 1969 debut "The Chicago Transit Authority" to its late 1990s recordings, along with a few rarities, notably three songs from the then-unreleased 1993 "Stone of Sisyphus" project. Every charting single from 1969 to 2003 is included, with the exception of the 1986 remake of the band's earlier hit, "25 or 6 to 4."
An additional DVD sports rare live recordings from 1972 and promotional material for 1979's "Chicago 13". The set also includes a booklet of additional material featuring track-by-track analysis, promotional photos, essays and variations on the familiar Chicago logo.
The set did not chart in the US or the UK.
Track listing.
Disc 6: DVD.
"Features live material from 1972 and promotional videos for Chicago 13 in 1979"

</doc>
<doc id="2879590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879590" title="List of people from Miami">
List of people from Miami

The following is a list of notable people who were born or who live or formerly lived in the city of Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="2879593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879593" title="Mars-class combat stores ship">
Mars-class combat stores ship

The "Mars"-class combat stores ships were a class of seven auxiliary vessels of the United States Navy. They are designed for underway replenishment, in support of carrier task force groups, carrying miscellaneous stores and munitions. Initially they carried no fuel oil or liquid cargo, but by the early 1990s the class was refitted with limited refuel capacities for F-76 Fuel. None of the original seven ships originally commissioned by the US Navy remain in service. This class has been replaced by the Lewis and Clark class dry cargo ships.
Cargo capacity was approximately 7,000 tons in five holds, with hangar space for two UH-46 helicopters.
Brief history.
These ships were constructed in mid-1960s, while early units commissioned in the late 1960s served in the Vietnam War. The vessels supported combat operations off the coast.
These ships continued to support naval units during their time in service in US Navy until the mid-1990s. These ships were present and supported operations in Red Sea and the Persian Gulf during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm.
By the mid-1990s, five of the seven ships were transferred to the Military Sealift Command.
Ships.
The ships of the class are named for American resort and significant historical towns/cities.

</doc>
<doc id="2879607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879607" title="Kornelia Ender">
Kornelia Ender

Kornelia Ender (born 25 October 1958 in Plauen, Saxony) is a former East German swimmer who at the 1976 Summer Olympics became the first woman swimmer to win four gold medals at a single Olympic Games, all in world record times. It was later proven that the East German team doctors had systematically administered steroids to their athletes (albeit without the athletes' knowledge). As an athlete who had exhibited symptoms of steroid use in 1976 (deep voice, overdeveloped body), strong suspicion was cast on the validity of Ender's accomplishments.
Ender trained from a young age and won her first Olympic medals as a 13-year-old at the 1972 Olympics in Munich: three silver medals, including one in the individual 200 m individual medley, finishing behind Australia's Shane Gould. Over the following years she broke 32 world records in individual events, including the four at the Montreal Games. In 1991, she addressed the long-held suspicions about her physical condition at the 1976 Games, acknowledging that team doctors and coaches had given her numerous injections of drugs over the preceding months. Ender said that she did not know at the time, nor had she ever subsequently found out, exactly what the drugs were. She said she was told only that the drugs would help her "regenerate and recuperate", and therefore, although she was surprised by the muscle mass she added, she nonetheless attributed it simply to her rigorous training.
Ender was married for six years to East German backstroke swimmer and multiple Olympic champion Roland Matthes. She is now married to former East German - German track and field athlete and bobsledder Steffen Grummt.

</doc>
<doc id="2879613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879613" title="Jane Lane, Lady Fisher">
Jane Lane, Lady Fisher

Jane Lane (c. 1626 – 9 September 1689) played a heroic role in the Escape of Charles II in 1651. The main significance of the story is the key part that the escape played in forming the character and the opinions of Charles.
Origins.
Jane was the daughter of Thomas Lane and Anne Bagot of the parish of Bentley and Hyde (near Walsall). Her parents had married at Blithfield, Staffordshire in 1608. Their son, John, was born on April 8, 1609, the first child of what was to be four sons and five daughters. There are several early christening dates for a Jane Lane in the International Genealogical Index which have been estimated by contributors, most probably based on a spurious date for her marriage. However she was known as Jane Lane in 1651 and so was unmarried at that date. Her eventual marriage to Sir Clement Fisher (of Packington Hall, Warwickshire) is known to have occurred on December 8, 1663, being performed by the Most Rev. Gilbert Sheldon, Archbishop of Canterbury.
Known birth (and other) dates for Jane Lane's siblings are:
The ride to Bristol with Charles II.
After the Battle of Worcester in 1651 in the English Civil War, Charles II escaped and headed north into Shropshire and Staffordshire with several companions, including Lord Derby and Henry, Lord Wilmot. A reward of £1000 was offered for the capture of the King. It is likely that the King and anyone helping him would have been executed for treason, if caught. The King had a distinctive appearance: very dark and six foot two inches tall (1.92 m). Furthermore there were cavalry patrols specifically tasked with finding the King. At this time it was illegal for Catholics to travel more than five miles away from their homes without a pass from the Sheriff of the County. Helping the King would therefore be hazardous.
Wilmot had gone to Bentley Hall, the home of Colonel John Lane, who had been an officer in the Royalist Army since 1642. His sister was Jane Lane. She was described by John Evelyn as "an acute wit", "an excellent disputant" though "no beauty". Wilmot learned that Jane had obtained a permit from the military for herself and a servant to travel to the seaport of Bristol, to visit a relation, Ellen Norton, who was having a baby. Lord Wilmot saw the opportunity of escaping through Bristol in the guise of the servant, since no lady would travel alone. On learning of the King's failure to reach Wales, Wilmot decided that the King should take advantage of the military pass and travel to Bristol as Jane Lane's servant, and then find a ship to take him to France. 
When the King reached Bentley Hall early on 10 September 1651, he was quickly dressed as a tenant farmer’s son and adopted the alias ‘William Jackson’ for the next part of his journey. The party then set out, Charles riding the same horse as Jane Lane. They were accompanied by Withy Petre (Jane Lane’s sister), her husband John Petre, and Henry Lascelles, another related Royalist officer.
Lord Wilmot refused to travel in disguise; he rode openly half a mile ahead of the party and if challenged he said he would claim to be out hunting. This was a risky yet useful decoy. The party rode through Rowley Regis then Quinton to Bromsgrove. When they arrived at Bromsgrove they found that the horse ridden by Charles and Jane had lost a shoe. The King, playing the role of servant, took the horse to a blacksmith. 
The King when he later told his story to Samuel Pepys and others said, 
The party reached Wootton Wawen where cavalry had gathered outside the inn. Here John and Withy Petre went ahead of the party. The King, Jane and Henry Lascelles with great coolness rode through the troops. The party then continued through Stratford-upon-Avon, and on to Long Marston where they spent the night of 10 September at the house of John Tomes, another relation of Jane’s. 
On Thursday 11 September, they continued through Chipping Campden and then to Cirencester, where it is claimed they spent the night of 11 September at the Crown Inn. The next morning they travelled on to Chipping Sodbury and then to Bristol, arriving at Abbots Leigh on the evening of 12 September. They stayed at the home of Mr and Mrs George Norton, who were also Jane’s friends. The Nortons were unaware of the King's identity during his three-day stay at Abbotsleigh. While staying there Charles deflected suspicion by asking a servant, who had been in the King's personal guard at the Battle of Worcester, to describe the King's appearance and clothing at the battle. The man looked at Charles and said, "The King was at least three fingers taller than ."
Bristol to Trent.
Attempts were made to find a ship from Bristol to France but without success. 
Charles and Wilmot therefore decided to try the south coast. 
Ellen Norton had a miscarriage and felt that Jane should stay. Consequently Jane had to counterfeit a letter apparently calling her back to Bentley so that she could leave with the King. 
On the morning of 16 September Charles and Jane set out and reached the Manor House, Castle Cary. 
The next day they reached Trent in Dorset. They stayed at Trent House, the home of Colonel Francis Wyndham, another Royalist officer. The King spent the next few days hiding at Trent whilst Wyndham and Wilmot attempted to find a ship from Lyme Regis or Weymouth. It was whilst he was at Trent that the King witnessed a bizarre event where the local villagers were celebrating, believing that he had been killed at Worcester. It was also this point that Jane Lane and Lascelles returned home.
Jane's exile.
However Jane heard on 14 October that the Council of State had been told she had helped with the escape. Before Bentley Hall was searched, she left, walking to Yarmouth posing as a "country wench" and travelled to France. She arrived in Paris in December 1651 and was welcomed by the Court in exile. She developed a strong friendship with the King and with Queen Henrietta Maria. The King held her in great esteem. So much so that John Fisher reported a scurrillous rumour had circulated that she was the King's mistress. Even the King's sister, Mary, in a letter from Holland jokingly referred to Jane as the King's 'wife'.
In 1652, Charles arranged for Jane to become a lady-in-waiting for his sister Princess Mary in Holland. Throughout his exile Charles carried on affectionate correspondence with Jane Lane and often said that he wished he could help her more. Jane received the following letter from Charles in reply to a letter in which Jane had said he had probably forgotten her by now: 
Restoration.
Only when the Restoration finally came did Jane return to England. Charles was then able to give her a pension of £1000 per year and many gifts, including portraits of the King and a lock of his hair. Parliament also voted her £1000 to buy a jewel to commemorate her service. Her courageous loyalty earned for her family the right to add the three Lions of England to the Coat of Arms. (In later years the lions exempted the Lane family from a tax on coats of arms, as the royal arms were exempt.) 
She was married to Sir Clement Fisher, 2nd Baronet of Great Packington (1613–1683) on 8 December 1663 by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Fisher had served under Jane's brother, John Lane, as a captain in the First Civil War. There were no children from the marriage.
In later life she lived extravagantly and there were arrears of £6500 in the payment of her pension. Consequently she was deeply in debt. Lady Fisher died at Packington Old Hall, between Birmingham and Coventry, on 9 September 1689 and was buried at Packington. Because of her debts, her estate was only £10.
Several paintings of Jane exist including one in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery of the King and Jane Lane on a horse (NPG 5251). It was part of a romanticised series about the escape painted by Isaac Fuller shortly after the Restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="2879617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879617" title="Hagenbach-Bischoff system">
Hagenbach-Bischoff system

The Hagenbach-Bischoff system is a variant of the D'Hondt method, used for allocating seats in party-list proportional representation. It usually uses the Hagenbach-Bischoff quota for allocating seats, and for any seats remaining the D'Hondt method is then applied so that the first and subsequent divisors (number of seats won plus 1) for each party list's vote total includes the number of seats that have been allocated by the quota. The system gives results identical to the D'Hondt method and it is often referred to as such in countries using the system e.g. Switzerland and Belgium. Luxembourg uses the Hagenbach-Bischoff method to allocate seats in its European Parliament elections. 
History.
While named after the Swiss physicist and electoral reformer Eduard Hagenbach-Bischoff (1833–1910), it was originated by the D'Hondt method's inventor Victor D'Hondt (1841–1901), using the simple or Hare quota. Hagenbach-Bischoff's contribution, in addition to popularizing it, was to suggest a quota that allocates the greatest possible number of seats before the D'Hondt method is used.
Variations.
As used in Belgium's national parliamentary elections from 1919 to 2003 the system could be said to have existed in a two-tier form, until it was replaced by a single-tier PR system. First, the Hare rather than Hagenbach-Bischoff quota was applied in the constituencies of provinces, and second, any seats remaining after quota allocation were aggregated, along with parties' provincial vote totals, at the provincial level where the D'Hondt method was then applied, including in the divisors for each party the number of seats it had won in the constituencies.

</doc>
<doc id="2879632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879632" title="Bělá">
Bělá

Bělá is the name of several places in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="2879636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879636" title="Heaven and Hell (Swedenborg)">
Heaven and Hell (Swedenborg)

Heaven and Hell is the common English title of a book written by Emanuel Swedenborg in Latin, published in 1758. The full title is "Heaven and its Wonders and Hell From Things Heard and Seen", or, in Latin: "De Caelo et Ejus Mirabilibus et de inferno, ex Auditis et Visis."
Introduction.
This book is a detailed description of the afterlife, how people live after the death of the physical body. The book owes its appeal to that subject matter. Whatever is uncertain in this world, one thing is certain - we all shall die, and there are few who have not, at some time, meditated on this inevitable change.
Some topics are discussed below. For a full listing of the book’s coverage see its Table of Contents. 
An article about Swedenborg includes a list of biographies about him, with a brief analysis of each biographer's point of view. Some of the things he claims to have experienced are that there are Jews, Muslims and people of pre-Christian times ("pagans" such as Romans and Greeks) in Heaven. He says he spoke to married angel couples from the Golden Age who had been happy in heaven for thousands of years. The fundamental issue of life, he says, is that love of self or of the world drives one towards Hell, and love of God and of fellow beings drives one towards Heaven.
The work proved to be influential. It has been translated into a number of languages, including Danish, French, English, Hindi, Russian, Spanish, Icelandic, Swedish and Zulu. A variety of important cultural figures, both writers and artists, were influenced by Swedenborg, including Johnny Appleseed, William Blake, Jorge Luis Borges, Daniel Burnham, Arthur Conan Doyle, Ralph Waldo Emerson, John Flaxman, George Inness, Henry James, Sr., Carl Jung, Immanuel Kant, Honoré de Balzac, Helen Keller, Czesław Miłosz, August Strindberg, D. T. Suzuki, and W. B. Yeats. Edgar Allan Poe mentions this book in his work "The Fall of the House of Usher". It also plays an important role in Honoré de Balzac's novel "Louis Lambert". William Blake referred to and criticized "Heaven and Hell" and Swedenborg by name several times in his poetical/theological essay "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell".
Swedenborg wrote about Heaven and Hell based on what he said was revelation from God. According to Swedenborg, God is love itself and intends everyone to go to heaven. That was His purpose for creation. Thus, God is never angry, Swedenborg says, and does not cast anyone into Hell. The appearance of Him being angry at evil-doers was permitted due to the primitive level of understanding of people in Biblical times. Specifically, holy fear was needed to keep the people of those times from sinking irretrievably into the consequences of their evils. The holy fear idea was in keeping with the fundamental truth that even they could understand, that everything comes from Jehovah. In the internal, spiritual sense of the Word, however, revealed in Swedenborg’s works, God can be clearly seen for the loving Person He actually is.
Some basic teachings.
God is One.
"Heaven and Hell" opens with an affirmation of the many statements in the Old and New Testaments (e.g. Deuteronomy 6:4, Isaiah 44:6, 45: 14, 21, Mark 12: 29,32, John 1:18, Revelation 11:17) and Swedenborg’s revelation (e.g.,) that there is a God and He is one. If God is all-powerful, he must be one. It is self-contradictory to say that there is more than one being who is all-powerful.
Angels.
More than perhaps any other seer in history, Swedenborg details a life after death that consists of real experiences in a world in many basic ways quite similar to the natural world. According to Swedenborg, angels in heaven do not have an ethereal or ephemeral existence but enjoy an active life of service to others. They sleep and wake, love, breathe, eat, talk, read, work, play, and worship. They live a genuine life in a real spiritual body and world.
According to Swedenborg, we in the natural world can only see angels here when our spiritual eyes are opened. This corresponds to many instances in the Old Testament and New Testament (Matthew 18, Luke 2:14, Matthew 17, Luke 24, Revelation 1:10). Swedenborg received his revelation by the same process of his spiritual eyes being opened by God.
An angel’s whole environment – clothes, houses, towns, plants, etc. – are what Swedenborg terms correspondences. In other words, their environment spiritually reflects, and thus "corresponds" to, the mental state of the angel and changes as the angel's state changes.
Swedenborg writes that angels have the power of restraining evil spirits, one angel being able to restrain a thousand such spirits all at once. Angels exercise their power chiefly in defending people against hell.
In the Christian world it is believed that in the beginning angels and devils were created in heaven, also that the devil or Satan was an angel of light, but having rebelled he was cast down with his crew, and thus hell was formed. Swedenborg states that, on the contrary, every angel or devil began life as an inhabitant of the human race. In other words, there are no angels or demons who were not people on Earth first.
Children who die go directly to heaven, where they are raised by angel mothers.
Men and women.
Angels are men and women in every detail just as they were here on earth, only they are spiritual and thus more perfect. See Chapter on “Marriage in Heaven” in "Heaven and Hell" and Swedenborg’s book on the topic, "Marriage Love" ("Conjugial Love" in older translations). 
The spiritual conjunction of husband and wife that is the basis of true marriage in this world and the next is explained in "Heaven and Hell" # 366ff. and "Marriage Love" #156ff. Swedenborg says that this true married love was known in antiquity but largely lost since then, mainly due to loss in belief that this love is eternal and that there is life after death.
The Christian marriage ideal.
According to Swedenborg, married life continues after death as before, agreeing with the instinctive conviction of poets and lovers whose inward assurances tell them their love will surmount death and that they will live again and love again in human form. In other words, there is no “till death do us part” of happily married couples. (See “The Lord God Jesus Christ on marriage in heaven”)
Swedenborg also says that Christian marriage love of one man and one woman is the highest of all loves, the source of the greatest bliss. “For in themselves Christian marriages are so holy that there is nothing more holy. They are the seminaries of the human race, and the human race is the seminary of the heavens.” 
The spiritual conjunction of husband and wife that is the basis of Christian marriage in this world and the next, is explained in "Heaven and Hell" # 366ff. and "Marriage Love" ("Conjugial Love" in older translations) #156ff. Evidence of this conjunction is found in the fact that husband and wife together are called “man” or “one flesh” in Genesis 1:27, 2:22-24, 5:2, and Mark 10:8.
In heavenly marriages neither partner tries to dominate the other since love of dominion of one partner eliminates the delight of that marriage.
The ancients believed in a fountain of perpetual youth. In heaven their dream is realized, for those who leave this world old, decrepit, diseased in body or deformed, renew their youth, and maintain their lives in the full vigor of early manhood and womanhood.
Swedenborg says that couples who lived in a chaste love of Christian marriage are more than all others in the order and form of heaven, and therefore in all beauty, and continue unceasingly in the flower of youth. The delights of their love are ineffable, and increase to eternity. What their outward delights are it is impossible to describe in human words.
Polygamy.
“Polygamy” is used here to describe any marital relationship between men and women other than one husband with one wife. A further variant is “Multiple Partners, but One at a Time” (i.e. serial monogamy). If done for evil reasons, such as lust, it constitutes “successive polygamy.” 
Swedenborg said in his revelation that true Christian marriage love between one husband and several wives is impossible for its spiritual origin, which is the formation of one mind out of two, is thus destroyed. He says that love that is divided among a number of Christian partners is not true marriage love, but lasciviousness. According to Swedenborg, a Christian who marries more than one wife commits not only natural adultery but also spiritual adultery. In the highest sense to commit adultery means to deny the divinity of Jesus Christ and to profane the Word. Adultery is so great an evil, Swedenborg says, "that it may be called diabolism itself". After death the damnation of Christian polygamists is more severe than the damnation of those who committed only natural adultery. In the other life adulterers love filth and live in filthy hells 
Time and space in the spiritual world.
There are neither time nor space as we understand them in the other world. Both are replaced by a sense of state. See Chapter 18, “Time in Heaven” and Chapter 22, “Space in Heaven,” in Swedenborg E. "Heaven and Hell," Swedenborg Foundation 1946, # 70, 191
World of Spirits.
The "World of Spirits" is not to be confused with “the spiritual world,” which is a general term referring to the whole extent of Heaven, Hell and the World of Spirits. The traditional Christian idea was of resurrection on Judgment Day at the end of history. Swedenborg says judgment takes place in the World of Spirits immediately after each individual’s death. After we die, we wake up in the intermediate region of the spiritual world, neither in Heaven nor Hell, but in a neutral "no man's land" that Swedenborg terms the "World of Spirits." Here we gradually lose the ability to pretend and the spiritual “real us” comes out. The resulting stripping of one's self bare, even to one's most secret thoughts and intentions, is the judgment. “There is nothing concealed that shall not be uncovered, and nothing secret that shall not be known …” (Luke 12:2, 3; Matthew 10:26, "Heaven and Hell," #498). Following this judgment the new spirit goes on to Heaven or Hell of his or her own free will. God does not force them.
Equilibrium and spiritual free will.
According to Swedenborg, people are kept in spiritual freedom by means of the equilibrium between Heaven and Hell.
So who sends people to Heaven or Hell? Nobody but themselves. There is no inquiry as to their faith or former church affiliations, or whether they were baptized, or even what kind of life they lived on Earth. They migrate toward a heavenly or hellish state because they are drawn to its way of life, and for no other reason.
Anyone can enter heaven. However as soon as an evil person inhales the air there they have excruciating torment so they quickly shun it and escape to a state/place in keeping with their true state. As the old saying goes, “Where the tree falls, there it lies.” The basic spiritual orientation of a person toward good or evil cannot be changed after death. Thus, an evil spirit could leave hell, but never wants to.
Influence on Joseph Smith and Mormon theology.
D. Michael Quinn suggests in his book "Early Mormonism and the Magic World View" that "Heaven and Hell" influenced Joseph Smith, Jr. in the creation of the Mormon view of the afterlife detailed in Doctrine and Covenants Section 76. 
However, many of the similarities are rooted in Biblical language and by interpreting Biblical texts. For example, the general view of three Heavens in the resurrection appears to have its root from the writings attributed to the apostle Paul found in the New Testament, 1 Cor 15:40–42:
Allegorically, Swedenborg likens both the nature of each heaven as well as the illumination in the sky of each heaven to the sun, moon, and stars. He states that the sun of the celestial heaven and the moon of the spiritual kingdom is the Lord. In Mormonism's view of I Cor 14:40–42, the resurrected bodies of those in three degrees of glory (celestial, terrestrial, and telestial heavens) are likened to the Sun, Moon, and stars.
Other historians, including Richard Bushman, propose that the similarities between the revelations of Smith and Swedenborg are due to the influence of Paul's writing on both of them.
It should be noted, however, that Corinthians is not included in the list of books that, according to Swedenborg, constitute the divinely inspired Biblical canon listed in "Arcana Coelestia" 10,325, "White Horse" 216, and "New Jerusalem and its Heavenly Doctrine" 266. From Swedenborg’s perspective the teachings of Corinthians are thus not authoritative and he would not have been influenced by them.

</doc>
<doc id="2879637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879637" title="Not Lame Recordings">
Not Lame Recordings

Not Lame Recordings was a Ft. Collins, Colorado, United States based independent record label specializing in power pop releases. The company was started by Bruce Brodeen in November 1994 It quickly became the center of a small but ever expanding cult of those devoted to the guitar and harmony driven retro-rock known as power pop. After 16 years of operation, the label finally shut down on November 24, 2010. The reasons Brodeen mentioned for his decision were a career switch he had undertaken, combined with decreasing music sales in recent years in an already small market for CDs in the power pop genre. Brodeen is looking to introduce Pop Geek Heaven, an online interactive social media site, as a successor to Not Lame's role within the power pop community.
In its 16 year existence, Not Lame released over 100 albums, including the annual 3-CD compilation of the International Pop Overthrow festival from 1997 through 2010 (with later years being brought out by Brodeen privately). The label also released albums for artists like Tommy Keene and Dwight Twilley, as well as bands such as Myracle Brah, The Deal, Sweet Apple Pie, and Wanderlust; and box sets for such notables as Jellyfish and The Posies. The company's online store has sold over 15,000 different CD releases.

</doc>
<doc id="2879643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879643" title="Terry Kinney">
Terry Kinney

Terry Kinney (born January 29, 1954) is an American actor and theatre director, and is a founding member of the Steppenwolf Theatre Company, with Gary Sinise and Jeff Perry. Kinney is best known for his role as Emerald City creator Tim McManus on HBO's prison drama "Oz"
Early life.
Kinney was born in Lincoln, Illinois, the son of Elizabeth L. (née Eimer), a telephone operator, and Kenneth C. Kinney, a tractor company supervisor. He attended Illinois State University, in Normal, Illinois, where he became friends with Jeff Perry, who took him to see a performance of "Grease" featuring Gary Sinise, bringing the three Steppenwolf Theatre Company co-founders together for the first time.
Career.
Theatre.
Kinney has been involved in theatre since 1974, when he, Gary Sinise and Jeff Perry founded the Steppenwolf Theatre Company. In describing the company's radical usage of cinematic techniques such as accelerated time, substantial soundtracks and the rough equivalent of dissolves and bleeds, Kinney had said:We’ve always been more influenced by cinematic techniques than stage techniques because stage techniques have been around long enough to become really boring and cliché. Our earliest influences were the films of Cassavetes, not any plays we’d seen. We always tend to score our pieces and we always tend to manipulate the audience to look where we want them to look and the way to do that is to get very tight on certain situations.He has directed several plays (see below) and performed in several. In 1985 he performed in the Drama Desk Award winning play "Balm in Gilead" by Lanford Wilson. In 1996 Kinney played Tilden in the Sam Shepard play "Buried Child" directed by Gary Sinise in New York City. During a performance of "Buried Child" Kinney had a "terrible, horrible, screaming panic attack" and stayed offstage for several years, only returning in 2002 in a performance with Kurt Elling called "Petty Delusions and Grand Obsessions". He directed Richard Greenberg's play "Well Appointed Room" in 2006 and Neil Labute's "reasons to be pretty" in 2009. In 2010 he directed another Lanford Wilson play, "Fifth of July" for Bay Street Theatre (July) and for the Williamstown Theatre Festival (August).
In October–November 2012 Kinney directs "Checkers" a new play by Douglas McGrath at the Vineyard Theatre, New York City. He's slated to direct Lyle Kessler's new play "Collision" in January 2013 at Rattlestick Playwrights Theater.
Film and TV.
Besides his theatrical work Kinney has done much acting, mainly for TV, starting in 1985 with an appearance in "Miami Vice". In 1987, he starred as Pastor Tom Bird in the CBS miniseries "Murder Ordained" opposite JoBeth Williams. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of the idealistic unit manager Tim McManus on HBO's prison drama "Oz".
In 1995, Kinney co-starred with Tommy Lee Jones in an adaptation of an Elmer Kelton western novel titled "The Good Old Boys". Tommy Lee Jones directed this made for TV movie which also co-starred Sissy Spacek, Matthew Damon, Sam Shepard, Wilford Brimley and retired Texas Ranger H. Joaquin Jackson.
Kinney also directed two episodes of "Oz", "Cruel and Unusual Punishments" in 1999 and "Wheel of Fortune" in 2002. Explaining the experience, he said, "it was great training for shooting on a limited budget, on a time crunch."
His film work includes a role in the 1988 film "Miles from Home", which featured many cast members of Steppenwolf and was directed by Sinise. In 1995, he played mayoral candidate Todd Carter in Carl Franklin's film "Devil in a Blue Dress". 1999 saw the release of the indie film, "The Young Girl and the Monsoon", about Hank, a 39-year-old photo-journalist dealing with a demanding job and a growing daughter, and Kinney played the lead. In 2001, he played the estranged father of the protagonist, Sara Johnson (Julia Stiles), in the film "Save the Last Dance".
In 2006 Kinney directed a short film (18 minutes) called "Kubuku Rides (This Is It)", which portrays the effects of drug addiction of a mother as seen by her young son. The film is based on the short story by Larry Brown. It is the first film produced by Steppenwolf Films. In 2008, he directed "Diminished Capacity", a feature film with a big Steppenwolf presence, based on the Sherwood Kiraly novel of that name.
For TV, in 2008, Kinney was Deputy Attorney General Zach Williams in "Canterbury's Law", a short-lived Fox series. In 2009, he played Sergeant Harvey Brown in the ABC series, "The Unusuals", and in the same year he had a recurring role as Special Agent Sam Bosco on the hit CBS series, "The Mentalist".
2010 saw a pilot for a CBS drama called "The Line", starring Dylan Walsh as ATF Agent Donovan with Kinney as a complex criminal, Alex Gunderson, that Donovan is hunting. The series was to be based on a novel by Robert Gregory Browne called ""Kiss Her Goodbye"". (Browne said that the show was tentatively called ""ATF"".) In 2011 Kinney had a recurring role in the North American adaptation of "Being Human" as Heggemann, an 1,100 year old Dutch vampire. In April 2012 he starred in the CBS police procedural drama "NYC 22" as Field Training Officer Daniel "Yoda" Dean. However after four episodes "NYC 22" was axed. Kinney also guest starred as Salvatore Amato, a member of a Chicago crime family, in the new Fox drama "The Mob Doctor" premiering in September 2012.
Kinney was cast as series regular on ABC drama series "Black Box" opposite Kelly Reilly and Vanessa Redgrave, set to air on ABC in 2014.
Private life.
Kinney was married to Elizabeth Perkins from 1984 to 1988. From 1993 to 2005, he was married to his "Oz" costar Kathryn Erbe, with whom he has a daughter, Maeve (b. 1995), and a son, Carson (b. 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="2879647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879647" title="Bulawa (disambiguation)">
Bulawa (disambiguation)

A bulawa (or bulava) is a ceremonial mace known in Poland, Russia, and Ukraine.
Bulawa or Bulava may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2879653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879653" title="Graphicacy">
Graphicacy

Graphicacy is concerned with the capacities people require in order to interpret and generate information in the form of graphics.
Our society is becoming increasingly reliant on graphics to communicate information. Until recently, words and numbers were the main vehicles for communication – compared with graphics, they have long been relatively easy to produce and distribute. However, advances in information and communications technology and visualization techniques now mean that graphics are far more readily available and widely used than ever before. The 21st century is an age in which graphic communication is becoming essential for informed citizens, much as those in previous centuries needed to be literate and numerate. Today's citizens must be able to "comprehend" the information graphics produced by others and this requires that they interpret such information appropriately. However, it is also becoming important that people can "present" information effectively to others by means of graphics they have generated themselves. 
Interpretation of graphics is "loosely" analogous to the process of reading text, while generation of graphics is the counterpart of writing text. However, these analogies should not be taken too far because text and graphics are based on very different symbol systems. For example, whereas text is structured according to formal organisational rules that apply irrespective of the content, this is not the case for graphics. With text structure, the units of information (words) are expected to be organised according to broad conventions (such as being sequenced in orderly rows starting from top left and progressing down the page). However graphics are not subject to a similarly stringent set of structural conventions. Instead, it is the content itself that largely determines the nature of the graphic entities and the way they are arranged. For example, the form and spatial arrangement of the items that comprise the actual subject matter being represented in the graphic are used as the basis for the graphic entities and structure that are displayed in the graphic. This is not the case with written text where the words and their arrangement bear no resemblance to the represented subject matter.
Because of these and other fundamental differences between text and graphics, it is appropriate that the processes involved in comprehension and production of graphics are clearly distinguished from those involved in comprehension and production of text.
Why graphicacy?
The concept of graphicacy acknowledges the characteristic features of graphic information that distinguish it from other forms of representation such as verbal and numerical information. Separating graphicacy from literacy and numeracy helps us to understand the distinctive and complementary types of contributions that graphics, words, and numbers can each make in human communication.
The interpretative components of graphicacy skills are particularly important in the increasing range of situations where graphics carry the primary responsibility for communication. Early recognition of the importance of graphicacy came from disciplines such as geography, science and mathematics in which graphics play a key role. Educators in these and similar disciplines have become increasingly concerned with the capacities of students to comprehend information presented by way of graphics. 
There is a growing realisation that conventional wisdom about pictures being "worth a thousand words" is a gross overgeneralisation when it comes to informational graphics. Rather, the interpretation of certain types of graphics can sometimes be a very demanding process indeed. In addition, it is becoming clear that graphicacy skills are largely learned rather than innate and that a viewer's capacity to interpret particular types of graphics has a great deal to do with their background knowledge. There are two main types of background knowledge that are important in comprehending graphics:
Severe deficiencies in either of these aspects of background knowledge can mean that a viewer finds a graphic utterly incomprehensible. Alternatively, the depiction may be only partial understood or it may be misunderstood.
Here's an example that highlights some of the fundamental differences between written text and a graphic representation. First, a brief explanation of the structure of a particular type of bridge (a bowstring arch bridge):
"Spanning the river is the bridge’s arch structure with its ends carried by abutments on each bank. The deck of the bridge is suspended by struts attached to the arch and runs between the banks. Each end of the deck is connected to the arch’s legs."
If the main items mentioned are extracted and arranged in their order of mention in the text, this is what we get:
"River; Bridge; Arch; Ends of arch; Abutments; Banks; Deck; Bridge; Struts; Arch; Banks; Ends of deck; Arch legs"
It's obvious that the signs used to represent parts of the bridge in words are very different from the signs used in the picture of the bridge. Notice also that the same item (Bridge, Arch, Banks, etc.) is often mentioned more than once in the text version. This is necessary due to the constraints of text as a representational system. However, in a graphic of this bridge, such information needs to appear only once. The arrangement of these items is also different in the text from what it would be in a graphic. To appreciate this, compare the order of mention in the text with this depiction. You can see that the text is not arranged in a way that would directly map onto the bridge. Rather, it presents the bridge's components in a linear sequence that gives no visual indication of the bridge's structure.
<br style="clear:both;">
References.
Aldrich, F., & Sheppard, L. (2000). Graphicacy; The fourth 'R'? Primary Science Review, 64, 8–11.
Anning, A. (2003). Pathways to the graphicacy club: The crossroad of home and pre-school. Journal of Early Childhood Literacy, vol. 3, no 1, 5–35.
Balchin, W.G.(1976). Graphicacy. American Cartographer, 3 (1).
Balchin, W.G.(1985). Graphicacy comes of age, Teaching Geography, 11 (1), 8–9.
Boardman, D. (1990). Graphicacy revisited: mapping abilities and gender differences, Educational Review, 42(1), pp. 57–64.
Cox, R. Romero, P., du Boulay, B, & Lutz, R (2004). A Cognitive Processing Perspective on Student Programmers' Graphicacy. Diagrams 2004: 344–346.
Hadjidemetriou, C., & Williams, J. (2002). Children's graphical conceptions. Research in Mathematics Education, 4, 69–87.
Matthews, M. H. (1986). Gender, graphicacy and geography, Educational Review, 38 (3), 259–271.
Milsom, D. (1987. Basic Graphicacy, Nelson Thornes.
Postigo, Y., & Pozo, J. I. (2004). On the Road to Graphicacy: The learning of graphical representation systems. Educational Psychology, 24(5), 623–644.
Roth, W.-M., Pozzer-Ardenghi, L., & Han, J. Y. (2005). Critical Graphicacy
Understanding Visual Representation Practices in School Science
Series: Science & Technology Education Library, Vol. 26. New York: Springer. ISBN 1-4020-3375-3.
Measurement, 4, 331–340.
Wilmot, P.D (1999). Graphicacy as a Form of Communication The South African Geographical Journal, 81(2)
VIDEO : "Literacy, Numeracy - Graphicacy" - 11 min.

</doc>
<doc id="2879654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879654" title="David Roentgen">
David Roentgen

David Roentgen, (Herrnhaag 1743–February 12, 1807), was a famous German cabinetmaker of the eighteenth century, famed throughout Europe for his marquetry and his secret drawers and mechanical fittings. His work embraces the late Rococo and the Neoclassical styles.
Chronology.
In 1753 his father Abraham Roentgen, who had trained in London in the workshop of William Gomm, migrated to the Moravian settlement at Neuwied, near Coblenz, where he established a furniture manufactory. David learned his trade in his father's workshop, and succeeded to the paternal business in 1772, when he entered into some kind of partnership with the clockmaker Kintzing. At that time the name of the firm appears already to have been well known, at all events in France; but it is a curious circumstance that although he is always reckoned as one of the little band of foreign cabinetmakers and workers in marquetry who, like Jean-François Oeben and Jean Henri Riesener, achieved distinction in France during the last years of the Ancien Régime he never ceased to live at Neuwied, where apparently the whole of his furniture was made, and merely had a shop, or show-room, in Paris. A record of his first appearance there appears in the journal of the engraver Willerters, August 30, 1774, that ""
Roentgen was first and foremost an astute man of business, and Paris was the style center of Europe. Before very long Marie Antoinette appointed him her "ébéniste mechanicien". He appears, indeed, to have acquired considerable favor with the queen, for on several occasions she took advantage of his journeys through Europe to charge him with the delivery of presents and of dolls dressed in the Paris fashions of the moment; they were intended to serve as patterns for the dressmakers to her mother and her sisters.
He appears at once to have opened a shop in Paris, but despite, and perhaps because of, the favor in which he was held at court, all was not smooth sailing. The powerful trade corporation of the maîtres ébénistes disputed his right to sell in Paris furniture of foreign manufacture, and in 1780 he found that the most satisfactory way out of the difficulty was to get himself admitted a member of the corporation to which all his great rivals belonged. By this time he had attracted a good deal of attention by the introduction of a new style of marquetry, in which light and shade, instead of being represented as hitherto by burning, smoking or engraving the pieces of veneer, were indicated by small pieces of wood so arranged as to create the impression of pietra dura.
We have seen that Roentgen had been appointed "ébéniste-mechanicien" to Marie Antoinette, and the appointment is explained by his fondness for and proficiency in constructing furniture in which mechanical devices played a great part. The English cabinetmakers of the later eighteenth century often made what was called, with obvious allusion to its character, harlequin furniture, especially little dressing tables and washstands which converted into something else or held their essentials in concealment until a spring was touched. David was a past master in this kind of work, and unquestionably much of the otherwise inexplicable reputation he enjoyed among contemporaries who were head and shoulders above him is explained by his mechanical genius. The extent of his fame in this direction is sufficiently indicated by the fact that Goethe mentions him in "Wilhelm Meister". He compares the box inhabited by the fairy during her travels with her mortal lover to one of Roentgen's desks, in which at a pull a multitude of springs and latches are set in motion. For a desk of this kind Louis XVI paid him 80,000 "livres". Outwardly it was in the form of a commode, its marquetry panels symbolizing the liberal arts. A personification of sculpture was in the act of engraving the name of Marie Antoinette upon a column to which Minerva was hanging her portrait. Above a riot of architectural orders was a musical clock (the work of the partner Peter Kinzing), surmounted by a cupola representing Parnassus. The interior of this monumental effort, . high, was a marvel of mechanical precision; it disappeared during the First Empire.
Roentgen did not confine his activities to Paris, or even to France. It has been said that he traveled about Europe accompanied by furniture vans, and undoubtedly his aptitude as a commercial traveler was remarkable. He had shops in Berlin and Saint Petersburg, and himself apparently twice went to Russia. On one of these visits he sold to the Empress Catherine furniture to the value of 20,000 roubles, to which she added a personal present of 5000 roubles and a gold snuff-box in recognition, it would seem, of his readiness and ingenuity in surmounting a secretaire with a clock indicating the date of the Russian naval victory over the Turks at Cheshme, news of which had arrived on the previous evening. This suite of furniture is believed still to be in the Palace of the Hermitage, the hiding-place of so much remarkable and forgotten art. To the protection of the queen of France and the empress of Russia David added that of the king of Prussia, Frederick William II, who in 1792 made him a Commerzienrat and commercial agent for the Lower Rhine district. The French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars which so speedily followed, eclipsed Roentgen's star as they eclipsed those of so many other great cabinetmakers of the period. In 1793 the Revolutionary government, regarding him as an émigré seized the contents of his showrooms and his personal belongings, and after that date he appears neither to have done business in Paris nor to have visited it. Five years later the invasion of Neuwied led to the closing of his workshops; prosperity never returned, and he died half ruined at Wiesbaden on 12 February 1807.
A discovery in 2012 made by Wolfam Koepp of the Metropolitan Museum of Art mentions that a particular type of Roentgen table should have legs that could be removed to make it easier to transport. Could this table be an early form of flatpack?? This statement was further investigated by a team at the Victoria and Albert Museum in March 2014 who confirmed Koepp's thoughts and logic, which sheds newlight as to the inventor of flat-pack / ready-to-assemble furniture. Were the title was up until recently held by Gillis Lundgren back in 1951 for IKEA, and understandably so, its true founder has now been discovered some 200 years before Lundgren, David Roentgen the man who was not only a master of intrigue but the inventor of Flat-pack.
Assessment.
According to his biography in the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition of 1911, Roentgen was not a great cabinetmaker: "His forms were often clumsy, ungraceful, and commonplace; his furniture lacked the artistry of the French and the English cabinetmakers of the great period which came to an end about 1790. His bronzes were poor in design and coarse in execution; his work, in short, is tainted by commercialism. As an inlayer, however, he holds a position of high distinction. His marquetry is bolder and more vigorous than that of Riesener, who in other respects soared far above him. As an adroit devisor of mechanism he fully earned a reputation which former generations rated more highly than the modern critic, with his facilities for comparison, is prepared to accept. On the mechanical side he produced, with the help of Kintzing, many long-cased and other clocks with ingenious indicating and registering apparatus. Roentgen delighted in architectural forms, and his marquetry more often than not represents those scenes from classical mythology which were the dear delight of the 18th century." He is well represented at the V&A Museum in London, and other collections.
External links.
Explore | David Roentgen | Flat-Pack
Flatpacked! | V&A

</doc>
<doc id="2879670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879670" title="Andrade (disambiguation)">
Andrade (disambiguation)

Andrade is a Portuguese and Spanish (Galician) surname.
Andrade may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2879676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879676" title="Malu (disambiguation)">
Malu (disambiguation)

Malu is a type of Samoan tattoo.
Malu can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2879687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879687" title="City (New Jersey)">
City (New Jersey)

A City in the context of New Jersey local government refers to one of five types and one of eleven forms of municipal government.
Despite the widely held perception of a city as a large, urban area, cities in New Jersey have a confused history as a form of government and vary in size from large, densely populated areas to much smaller hamlets.
History.
The 1897 and 1899 city charter laws applied only to areas with a population under 12,000, and provided for a directly elected mayor, who served a two-year term and had strong executive powers. Both featured a council elected from wards to staggered three-year terms, plus one councilman elected at-large for a term of two years. The Mayor had veto power, which could be overridden by a two-thirds vote of the Council. The two acts differed in a number of ways, including the process for selection of a Board of Education (1897: elected; 1899: appointed by Council).
By 1987, there were only eleven cities under these City Acts (including East Orange, which effectively operated under a special City charter). As in other forms, many amendments, revisions and changes had been made over the years, leading to confusing and often conflicting legislation.
The City Act of 1987 provides for a directly elected mayor who serves a four-year term and for a council that consists of seven members; six elected from two wards for staggered three-year terms and one elected at large for a four-year term. There are three councilmen in each ward with one councilmember from each ward up for election every year. The mayor is the chief executive and votes only to break a tie. The Mayor has veto power over all or portions of any ordinance, subject to override by a two-thirds vote of the Council. The Act also provides for the delegation of executive responsibilities to a municipal administrator.
Those cities operating under pre-1987 charters could retain the characteristics of their structure of government regarding terms of office, number of positions and other powers. Provisions of the 1987 Act can then be adopted through a petition and referendum process by the 
electorate.

</doc>
<doc id="2879696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879696" title="Štěpánkovice">
Štěpánkovice

Štěpánkovice () is a village in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 3,100 inhabitants.
Small villages Albertovec, Bílá Bříza and Svoboda are administrative parts of Štěpánkovice.

</doc>
<doc id="2879702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879702" title="List of comedy-horror films">
List of comedy-horror films

This is a chronological list of comedy horror films.
1920s.
1920
1921
1922
1923
1925
1926
1927
1930s.
1930
1932
1939
1940s.
1940
1941
1942
1944
1945
1946
1948
1950s.
1953
1955
1957
1959
1960s.
1960
1961
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1970s.
1972
1973
1974
1975
1977
1978
1979
1980s.
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990s.
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000s.
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010s.
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015" 

</doc>
<doc id="2879707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879707" title="Harkness Memorial State Park">
Harkness Memorial State Park

Harkness Memorial State Park (230 acres) is a Connecticut state park and botanical garden located in Waterford, Connecticut, on the Long Island Sound. The park comprises a 42-room mansion, designed by the New York architectural firm of Lord & Hewlett, with a surrounding area containing Italian, Oriental, and Cutting gardens and greenhouses.
History.
The park was formerly Eolia, the estate of Edward Harkness, heir to a fortune initiated by his father Stephen V. Harkness's substantial investments in John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil, who purchased the mansion in 1907. From 1918 to 1929, extensive improvements were made by landscape designer Beatrix Jones Farrand. Eolia was left to Connecticut in 1950 and became part of the State Park system in 1952. 
As Eolia—Harkness Estate, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The district that was listed included 15 contributing buildings and two other contributing structures.
During the 1990s, an extensive restoration of the Harkness Estate and grounds was undertaken, supported by the State of Connecticut. The lead restoration architect for this project was British architect Roger Clarke (architect) of Canton, Connecticut, with contributions by British architect Peter Clarke and consultant on historic gardens Rob Camp Fuoco. At the start of the restoration, the "bones" of the gardens and rudimentary shrubs and perennials were looked at and installed. During the following ten years, a dedicated group of volunteers, the Friends of Harkness, and competent park supervisors and staff have refined the gardens and brought them forward to their current beauty and historic relevance.

</doc>
<doc id="2879710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879710" title="Confederation of Finnish Industries">
Confederation of Finnish Industries

The Confederation of Finnish Industries (EK, , ) is the largest business organisation in Finland. It was formed in the beginning of 2005 when two private sector organisations, "Palvelutyönantajat" (Employers of the Service Sector) and "Teollisuuden ja Työnantajain Keskusliitto" (Union of Industries and Employers), united. EK's member companies collectively contribute over 70% of Finland's GDP, and over 95% of Finland's exports. It has considerable negotiating power, since Finland has universal validity of collective labour agreements, and often a Comprehensive Income Policy Agreement is reached.
EK focuses its activity on the following goals:
The organisation consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="2879719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879719" title="Bělá (Opava District)">
Bělá (Opava District)

Bělá (formerly "Bílov", , ) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 700 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2879723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879723" title="Nâdiya">
Nâdiya

Nâdiya (born Nadia Zighem on June 19, 1973) is a French R&B singer.
Early life.
Nâdiya was born in the city of Tours, France. Her family comes from the region of Mostaganem, in the north of Algeria. She is the youngest in a family of 8 children. Her brothers are named Kader Touati, Baklavah Waheb, and her sisters Malika, Sidartha and Karla. Her father Mohammed worked as a laborer, and her mother Yamina worked as a nurse. At school she displayed a talent for athletics, and gravitated towards the sport-studies section. In 1989, she won the title of Junior Champion of France's 800 meters. Her brother, Kader Zighem is world champion of French boxing.
2001-2005: Early commercial success.
She performed a duo with Stomy Bugsy in 2001 under the title "Aucun Dieu ne pourra me pardonner" ("No God Will Ever Forgive Me"). The single "J'ai confiance en toi" ("I Trust You"), released in February 2001, became the first single that charted in the French Singles Chart, peaked at #38 in France and stayed in the chart for 13 weeks. The second single slated from the album did perform better than the first one. "Chaque fois" ("Every Time") was released in August 2001 and peaked at #27 in the French Top 100 Singles, remaining in the chart for 18 weeks, five more than the first single. After the success of both singles, Nâdiya recorded a full studio album that became ""Changer les choses"" ("Changing the Things"). Though the singles became reasonable hits, the album wasn't very popular in France, not charting at all in the French Top 200 Albums. She was nominated for the Victoires de la musique in 2002.
In March 2004, Nâdiya released another song, this became "Parle-moi" ("Talk to Me"), a song about family problems and contact with her parents. The song became her first big hit in France, debuting in the chart at #79 and making an amazingly big jump to number two in its second week within the singles chart. The song still remains Nâdiya's biggest hit in France, staying in the chart for 24 weeks. "Parle-moi" also became her first single that charted in Switzerland, peaking at #11 in its fifth week in the Swiss Singles Top 100.In Poland this single became the Hit Of The Summer 2004.Her second full French studio album was also recorded, "16/9" was released in June 2004. The album stayed in the chart for 93 non-consecutive weeks in the French album chart, with her highest peak being number six. Her (then) 5-year-old son also accompanied her on one song featured on the album ("Quand vient la nuit").
"Et c'est parti..." (French expression for "Here We Go"), the second single, became her first international hit, charting in several other European countries, including Belgium and the Netherlands. The music video to the song shows Nâdiya performing the song and boxing in a boxing ring. The single and video both feature Smartzee, a French rapper, and peaked at number five in France and number twenty-one in Switzerland. "Si loin de vous" ("So Far From You") was officially the last single off the 16/9 album, with "Signes" ("Signs") just being a download only single. "Si loin de vous", released in December 2004, was the last single off the album that charted in France (#6) and Switzerland (#27). The song is a military song, as this is shown in its videoclip. Though there is a music video for "Signes", its function is only for promoting the album. In 2005, the 16/9 album also received the Victoires de la musique award for rap/hip-hop/R&B album of the year.
According to her official website, in France she has sold over 500,000 copies of "16/9", 750,000 singles and 300,000 copies of her platinum-certified ""L'histoire en 16/9"" ("The history to 16/9") DVD, which features the 3 music video's (to "Parle-moi, Et c'est parti..." and "Si loin de vous"), the making of the videos, interviews, photos and a bonus CD with remixed songs.
2006-present: career development.
In February 2006, Nâdiya returned with her "Tous ces mots" ("All these words") single, her first song that features Smartzee. The song peaked at number two in the French Singles Chart and at twenty-five in the Swiss Singles Top 200. Following the success of "Tous ces mots", her self-titled third studio album "Nâdiya" was released on June 7 in both France as. Nâdiya stated the album would have more rock influence than her previous two albums. SNEP recently revealed the best-selling singles during the first quarter of 2006 (from January 1 - March 31, 2006). Despite being released four weeks before the first quarter of 2006 ended, "Tous ces mots" managed to peak at number thirteen in the list. The second single with the applicable title "Roc", was released two weeks after the album's release date, on June 19. The music video to the song shows Nâdiya performing the song in a big stadium. The song follows "Tous ces mots" by debuting and peaking at number two (for four consecutive weeks) in France. It has also became Nâdiya's longest single running in the top ten, being eleven weeks in the chart and still in the top 5. In Switzerland, the single is less successful, debuting at number thirty and peaking one ahead at twenty-nine in its following week. As the third single off the album, "Amies-ennemies" was released on October 31, reaching the number four (#4) position in the French singles chart. The song samples a Chopin song and stayed in the French top ten for 11 weeks, only two weeks less than previous single "Roc."
In October 2006, Nâdiya denied having an affair with soccer player Zinedine Zidane. She said "we saw each other only once and then nothing else happened."
Nâdiya was supposed to start her first tour in November 2006, but due to a yet unknown reason, the performances between November 3 and December 9 were cancelled. The web site that posted the cancellation, ChartsInFrance.net, noted that the beginning of the tour would be delayed until 2007. Later, the official website announced the tour was delayed to 2008.
Nâdiya started recording a new album after the release of "Amies-ennemies" ("Friends-Enemies"). It turned out to be a greatest hits, called "La Source" ("The Source"). The album's lead single is "Vivre ou Survivre" ("Live or Survive"). Upon release of "Vivre ou Survivre", the official website mentioned the tour, to start on March 8, finishing with the grand finale and last concert on May 31, 2008, held in the 'Palais des Sports' (Sports Palace) in Paris. The song became her ninth top 40 hit.
On April 22, Nâdiya entered the French Singles Chart peaking at number one with her duet with Enrique Iglesias "Tired of Being Sorry (Laisse le destin l'emporter)" ("Let Destiny Fulfill Itself"). The song is her first #1 single in the French charts, as three previous singles only reached the second position. This single did not leave its dominative top-position for 11 consecutive weeks before falling at #2, keeping the second place for 6 consecutive weeks. The song currently, as of November 19, stand at #40 in the most successful singles in France in terms of chart positions.
Later, Nâdiya's official website was updated with the news that Nâdiya would release a new studio album on December 1, 2008. The name was later confirmed to be "Électron Libre". Near the end of September 2008, a duet recorded by Nâdiya and Kelly Rowland "No Future in the Past" was sent to radio stations in France, functioning as the first single from Nâdiya's upcoming album.
Nâdiya was nominated for the 2009 NRJ Music Awards in the categories 'Group / duet / troupe of the year' (with Enrique Iglesias) and 'French female artist of the year'. She did not win either award.
Nâdiya is currently recording her sixth album and preparing for a tour this summer.
External links.
Official

</doc>
<doc id="2879727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879727" title="Nadiya">
Nadiya

Nadiya is a female given name which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2879744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879744" title="Acacia cuspidifolia">
Acacia cuspidifolia

Acacia cuspidifolia, commonly known as wait-a-while or bohemia, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs on the floodplains east of Carnarvon.
Wait-a-while grows to a height of about eight metres. It usually has many main stems, with foliage down to ground level. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are green, three to seven centimetres long, and two to five millimetres wide. They terminate in a spine about two millimetres long. Hooked spines up to five millimetres long also occur in the axils of leaves and stems. The flowers are pale yellow, and held in spherical clusters about five millimetres in diameter. The pods are light brown and flat, five to nine centimetres long and one to two centimetres wide.
Wait-a-while provides good forage for cattle and sheep, and the foliage persists in times of drought. The spines tear at the wool of sheep, however, and have been known to trap weak sheep. The common name "wait-a-while" refers to this. This reference also holds true for members of the military who, while conducting training, often find themselves entangled in this plant.

</doc>
<doc id="2879746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879746" title="Epsilon Arietis">
Epsilon Arietis

Epsilon Arietis (ε Ari, ε Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a visual binary star system in the northern constellation of Aries. It has a combined apparent visual magnitude of 4.63 and can be seen with the naked eye, although the two components are too close together to be resolved without a telescope. With an annual parallax shift of 9.81 mas, the distance to this system can be estimated as , give or take a 30 light-year margin of error.
The brighter member of this pair has an apparent magnitude of 5.2. At an angular separation of from the brighter component, along a position angle of , is the magnitude 5.5 companion. Both are A-type main sequence stars with a stellar classification of A2 Vs. (The 's' suffix indicates that the absorption lines in the spectrum are distinctly narrow.) In the 2009 "Catalogue of Ap, HgMn and Am stars", the two stars have a classification of A3 Ti, indicating they are Ap stars with an anomalous abundance of titanium. Within the measurement margin of error, their projected rotational velocities are deemed identical at 60 km/s.
Name.
This star system, along with δ Ari, ζ Ari, π Ari, and ρ3 Ari, were Al Bīrūnī's Al Buṭain (ألبطين), the dual of "Al Baṭn", the Belly. According to the catalogue of stars in the "Technical Memorandum 33-507 - A Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars", "Al Buṭain" were the title for five stars :δ Ari as "Botein", π Ari as "Al Buṭain I", ρ3 Ari as "Al Buṭain II", ε Ari as "Al Buṭain III" dan ζ Ari as "Al Buṭain IV"

</doc>
<doc id="2879749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879749" title="Bohemia (disambiguation)">
Bohemia (disambiguation)

Bohemia is a historical region, consisting of the western two-thirds of the contemporary Czech Republic.
Bohemia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2879751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879751" title="National Policy Institute">
National Policy Institute

The National Policy Institute is a white nationalist think tank based in Whitefish, Montana.
Activities.
NPI was founded in 2005 by William Regnery II. Until 2010, NPI's chairman was Louis R. Andrews. Andrews died in late 2011 and was replaced by Richard B. Spencer, who had been acting Director at the end of Andrews's life. NPI had been based in Augusta, Georgia, but migrated to Montana, with the change in leadership.
The Institute's authors have produced a series of reports on affirmative action, race and conservatism, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and at least one annual report, entitled "The State of White America 2007" by Vdare contributor Nicholas Stix.
MSNBC reported that Andrews voted for Barack Obama in the 2008 US Presidential Election in order, he said, to help destroy the Republican Party so that it can be reborn into a party that will support the "interests of white people".
In September 2011, NPI hosted its first national conference, entitled "Towards a New Nationalism." Speakers included Richard B. Spencer, Alex Kurtagic, Tomislav Sunic and Jared Taylor.
In October 2013, NPI hosted another national conference, "After the Fall." Speakers included some from the previous conference including Richard B. Spencer, Alex Kurtagic and Tomislav Sunic along with new speakers such as Alain de Benoist, Jack Donovan and William Regnery II.
In December 2013, NPI launched a new website, Radix Journal, which describes itself as, "a periodical on culture, race, meta-politics, critical theory, and society." 
The Institute is reported to have received a grant from the Pioneer Fund.
Condemned by SPLC as a white supremacy organization.
On April 8, 2008, the SPLC’s Mark Potok condemned the National Policy Institute as a “white supremacist” organization, and wrote that its report, "The State of White America-2007", “paints ‘a statistical and narrative portrait of the war on white America,’ in the website’s words. Nicholas Stix’s introduction to the article describes the Supreme Court’s 1954 "Brown vs. Board of Education" ruling outlawing school segregation as ‘arguably the worse decision in the Court’s 216 year history.’ He claims later civil rights legislation was unconstitutional. ‘[Integration and the civil rights movement led directly to the destruction of great cities,’ he concludes.”

</doc>
<doc id="2879757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879757" title="Bolatice">
Bolatice

Bolatice (, ) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 4,200 inhabitants.
Village Borová (1921-1945 "Heneberky", ) is administrative part of Bolatice.

</doc>
<doc id="2879761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879761" title="Victoires de la Musique">
Victoires de la Musique

Victoires de la Musique is an annual French award ceremony where Victoire accolades are delivered by the French Ministry of Culture to recognize outstanding achievement in the music industry that recognizes the best musical artists of the year. The classical and jazz versions are the Victoires de la musique classique and "Victoires du Jazz". 
The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, some of the awards of more popular interest are presented in a widely viewed televised ceremony. The awards are the French equivalent to American Grammy Awards and British Brit Awards for music, and it is one of the major awards in France, along with Nuits des Molières for stage performances, and the César Award for motion pictures.
The first Victoires de la Musique ceremony was held on 1985, and it was set up to honor musical accomplishments by performers for the year 1985.
Background.
The title trophies and nominees for each are established annually by the "Board of Directors of the Association" "Les Victoires de la Musique", which also refers to people who make up the Academy voters. In 2010, the Victoires were awarded by a panel of 1 226 professionals (musicians, artists, writers, composers, producers, record stores, video directors, sound engineers and critics) in a vote in one round. Voters are 40% of artists (performers, but also musicians, writers, composers ...), 40% of professional music production and 20% of other professional circles close to the world of music (agents artists, music stores, music critics, radio programmers ...).
In recent years, some trophies are awarded by the public, through SMS voting, and since 2009, Internet: Victory "Group or Artist of the public revelation of the year" and that the "Song of the year".

</doc>
<doc id="2879762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879762" title="Kerrie Tucker">
Kerrie Tucker

Kerrie Robyn Tucker (born 15 September 1948), former Australian politician, environmental and human rights activist, was a member of the unicameral Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the multi-member electorate of Molonglo for the ACT Greens between 1995 and 2001. Tucker was an unsuccessful candidate for election to the Australian Senate representing the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) for the Australian Greens at the 1993, 2004, and 2007 federal elections.
Early years.
Prior to entering politics, Tucker was employed by the Canberra and South-East Region Environment Centre to work in the library and edit the "Bogong" magazine. She was a founding member of ACT Greens.
Political career.
Tucker was elected to the ACT Legislative Assembly, representing the Molonglo electorate for the ACT Greens in 1995, and was re-elected in 1998 and 2001. During her term as a Member of the ACT Legislative Assembly, Tucker used her staffing allowance to employ part-time staff, who shared her political views. In 1999-2000, her office produced more legislation and amendments than any other non-government office. Her term was marked by a progressive social agenda, including advocating for public housing, pro-choice and same-sex anti-discrimination laws, review of competition policy, substance abuse and progressive drug reform, and increasing the size of the Assembly from 17 members to 21 members.
Tucker resigned her seat one month before the 2004 ACT general election in order to contest the 2004 federal election.
She ran for election to the Australian Senate representing the Australian Capital Territory for the Australian Greens at the 1993 federal election, gaining 5.9% of the primary vote; falling well short of a quota. Tucker ran again at the 2004 federal election gaining 16.4% of the primary vote, and was again unsuccessful. Tucker ran again for the Senate at the 2007 federal election gaining 21.5% of the primary vote, and was unsuccessful in gaining election, amidst significant media speculation that Tucker would defeat sitting Liberal Senator, Gary Humphries.
Career post-politics.
Since 2004, Tucker has worked as the Executive Officer of ACT Shelter, advocating for the needs of people experiencing homelessness and housing stress. In 2005 and 2006, she was co-chair of Anti-Poverty Week in the ACT and continues to contribute to the community on a voluntary basis through her work as an individual member of the ACT Collaboration. Tucker works part-time with the progressive left wing think tank, The Australia Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="2879763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879763" title="Frederick C. Bock">
Frederick C. Bock

Frederick C. Bock (January 18, 1918 – August 25, 2000) was a World War II pilot who took part in the atomic bombing of Nagasaki in 1945, flying the B-29 bomber "The Great Artiste", which was used for scientific measurements of the effects caused by the nuclear weapon. The bomber which actually dropped Fat Man was called "Bockscar" as it was usually flown by Frederick Bock. The staff was swapped just before the raid and Major Charles Sweeney piloted "Bockscar", which flew with "The Great Artiste" and another aircraft. A native of Greenville, Michigan, Bock died at his Arizona home in 2000, of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="2879772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879772" title="Wait-a-while">
Wait-a-while

Wait-a-while may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2879774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879774" title="Bertrice Small">
Bertrice Small

Bertrice Small (born December 9, 1937 in Manhattan, New York, New York, is an American New York Times bestselling writer of historical and erotic romance novels. Bertrice lives on Long Island, New York with her husband George Small. She is a member of The Authors Guild, Romance Writers of America, PAN, and PASIC.
Biography.
Personal life.
Bertrice Small was born December 9, 1937 in Manhattan, New York, New York, U.S.A.. Married to George Small, they have a son. She has lived on eastern Long Island for 30 years.
Writing career.
Since 1978, she has written over 50 novels, including historical romance, fantasy romance, and erotic contemporary. Her novels include "The Kadin", and the series "The O'Malley Saga" and "Skye's Legacy".
A New York Times bestselling author, Mrs. Small has also appeared on other best-seller lists including Publishers Weekly, USA Today, and the L.A. Times. She is the recipient of numerous awards including Best Historical Romance, Outstanding Historical Romance Series, Career Achievement for Historical Fantasy, and several Reviewers Choice awards from Romantic Times. She has a "Silver Pen" from Affaire de Coeur, and an Honorable Mention from The West Coast Review of Books. In 2004 Bertrice Small was awarded a Lifetime Achievement Award by Romantic Times magazine for her contributions to the genre.

</doc>
<doc id="2879783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879783" title="Steven Stapleton">
Steven Stapleton

Steven Peter Stapleton (born 3 February 1957 in Finchley, London, England) is a British musician and the only constant member of experimental improv outfit Nurse with Wound. He is often seen as one of the pioneers of the British industrial music scene, alongside bands such as Throbbing Gristle, Coil or Psychic TV, although in his music he has explored a wide range of styles, including free-form improvisation, folk, and even Latin American dance rhythms.
Nurse with Wound, originally a three-piece ensemble, is Stapleton's main outlet for his musical work, occasionally in collaboration with other musicians such as Foetus or William Bennett (Whitehouse). He has also appeared on records by other artists and worked as a producer. He runs the United Dairies record label, which apart from the NWW output released records by Current 93, The Lemon Kittens, Volcano the Bear, as well as krautrock and several experimental artists. Stapleton is also a graphic artist and painter, and has designed album sleeves and book covers.
Under the name "Babs Santini", Stapleton has created the artwork for most of the Nurse with Wound recordings, as well as for other artists, such as Coil, the Legendary Pink Dots and Current 93.
Stapleton lives with the mother of his four children Diana Rogerson, who has also recorded for United Dairies and made a film for which Stapleton and composer Geoff Cox provided a soundtrack. The family currently lives in County Clare, Ireland, on a piece of land with houses and caravans hand-built and decorated by Stapleton.
External link to United Dairies record label.
United Dairies records

</doc>
<doc id="2879790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879790" title="Okello">
Okello

Okello (also spelled Okelo) is a common surname of the Luo and Ateker peoples of Uganda, Kenya, Sudan.
Notable people named Okello are:

</doc>
<doc id="2879792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879792" title="Lambda Arietis">
Lambda Arietis

Lambda Arietis (λ Ari, λ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a double star in the northern constellation of Aries. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 25.32 arcseconds, this system is approximately distant from Earth. The pair have a combined apparent visual magnitude of 4.79, which is bright enough to be viewed with the naked eye. Because the yellow secondary is nearly three magnitudes fainter than the white primary, they are a challenge to split with quality 7× binoculars and are readily resolvable at 10×.
The brighter component is an F-type main sequence star with a visual magnitude of 4.95 and a stellar classification of F0 V. At an angular separation of 37.4 arcseconds is fainter, magnitude 7.75 companion. This is a G-type main sequence star with a classification of G1 V.

</doc>
<doc id="2879803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879803" title="Zeta Arietis">
Zeta Arietis

Zeta Arietis (ζ Ari, ζ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is dimly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +4.89. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 12.44 mas, the distance to this star is . This is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A1 V. It has a high rate of rotation with a projected rotational velocity of 133 km/s. The star is shining at an effective temperature of 9,500 K, giving it the characteristic white-hued glow of an A-type star.
Name.
This star, along with δ Ari, ε Ari, π Ari, and ρ3 Ari, were Al Bīrūnī's Al Buṭain (ألبطين), the dual of "Al Baṭn", the Belly. According to the catalogue of stars in the "Technical Memorandum 33-507 - A Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars", "Al Buṭain" were the title for five stars : δ Ari as "Botein", π Ari as "Al Buṭain I", ρ3 Ari as "Al Buṭain II", ε Ari as "Al Buṭain III" dan ζ Ari as "Al Buṭain IV".
In Chinese, (), meaning "Yin Force", refers to an asterism consisting of ζ Arietis, 63 Arietis, δ Arietis, τ Arietis and 65 Arietis. Consequently, ζ Arietis itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="2879805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879805" title="Desert oak">
Desert oak

Desert oak may refer to several Australian tree species with narrow, needle-like leaves or stems, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2879812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879812" title="Pandemic Preparedness and Response Act">
Pandemic Preparedness and Response Act

The Pandemic Preparedness and Response Act is a bill introduced on October 5, 2005 by U.S. Senators Harry Reid, Evan Bayh, Dick Durbin, Ted Kennedy, Barack Obama, and Tom Harkin in response to the growing threat of an outbreak of avian influenza. The bill calls for:
"This bill never became law. This bill was proposed in a previous session of Congress. Sessions of Congress last two years, and at the end of each session all proposed bills and resolutions that haven't passed are cleared from the books. Members often reintroduce bills that did not come up for debate under a new number in the next session. ... Sometimes the text of one bill or resolution is incorporated into another, and in those cases the original bill or resolution, as it would appear here, would seem to be abandoned."(http://www.govtrack.us/congress/bill.xpd?bill=s109-1821)
See also.
Video Archive: Mobilizing to Fight an Avian Flu Pandemic featuring the Honorable Tom Harkin

</doc>
<doc id="2879818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879818" title="Bohuslavice">
Bohuslavice

Bohuslavice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2879824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879824" title="Japanese map symbols">
Japanese map symbols

This is a list of symbols appearing on Japanese maps. These symbols are called in the Japanese language. 
Partial list of symbols for the visually impaired.
Official symbols according to the conventions of the Geographical Survey Institute of Japan appear with a circle below.

</doc>
<doc id="2879830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879830" title="Kappa Arietis">
Kappa Arietis

Kappa Arietis (κ Ari, κ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is approximately distant from Earth. The combined apparent visual magnitude of the pair is 5.02, making the system bright enough for it to be dimly visible to the naked eye. Kappa Arietis is a double-lined spectroscopic binary with both components displaying the spectral properties of an Am, or metallic-lined star. They have nearly the same brightness and their mass ratio is 1.03; very close to equal. Their orbital period is 15.2938 days and they have a high eccentricity of 0.61.

</doc>
<doc id="2879831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879831" title="Gdje ste noćas prijatelji stari">
Gdje ste noćas prijatelji stari

Gdje ste noćas prijatelji stari is an album by a Herzegovinian singer Mate Bulić. 

</doc>
<doc id="2879834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879834" title="Maltron">
Maltron

PCD Maltron Ltd., d.b.a. Maltron, is a manufacturer of ergonomic special-needs keyboards, founded by South African-born inventor Lillian Malt, the namesake of the company, and manufacturer Stephen Hobday. Maltron specialises in making keyboards for the prevention and etiological (root cause) treatment of repetitive strain injury.
Maltron manufactures several models of keyboards, in varying levels of adaptation. Lillian Malt's original invention and the company's flagship design known as the Fully Ergonomic 3D Keyboard is the most highly adapted; it incorporates a curved surface for the keyboard, in which the keys' angles and depth are staggered to compensate for the different lengths and placement of the fingers. An integral trackball mouse is a customer-selectable option at additional cost. Other keyboard types available are single hand keyboards which are ergonomically designed to be used by only the left or right hand, a flat version of the fully ergonomic keyboard, a keyboard designed to be used by a single digit or head stick or mouth stick, and a robust expanded keyboard designed primarily to assist people with cerebral palsy. Maltron keyboards are electrically compatible with IBM PC keyboards and Apple Macintosh keyboards, using USB connectors. Earlier connectors included DIN and PS2 but these are now discontinued.
History.
Lillian Malt ran a secretarial training business from 1955. Based upon her experience of typing errors (having been closely concerned in the printing industry with the retraining of Linotype operators to use computer keyboards), she conceived the idea of a typewriter keyboard designed with the keys arranged to fit different finger lengths, but found no manufacturer who was willing to work with her. In 1974, Stephen Hobday came to her with a one-handed keyboard that he had designed for the handicapped. Malt made several suggestions for improvement, telling Hobday of her failure to engage the interest of any manufacturers in actually building her ideal keyboard. Hobday told her "You tell me what you want and I'll tell you whether I can build it or not." From the resulting collaboration, with Malt's expertise in keyboard design and Hobday's expertise in electronics, came the first Maltron keyboard.
The full name of the company, P.C.D. Maltron, Ltd, stems from Hobday's original electronics firm, Printed Circuit Design, Limited, based in Farnborough, Hampshire. The seeds of P.C.D. Maltron were sown when another Hampshire business had inquired about the possibility of custom manufacture of a computer keyboard. This led to discussions with Farnborough Technical College about the design of the keyboard, and in turn to the meeting with Malt.
Stanley notes that Malt was almost erased from history in the 1970s, with the only one of two 1979 articles in "The Inventor" (the journal of the British Institute of Patentees and Inventors) that even mentions the names of the keyboard's inventors at all, crediting it solely to Hobday. However, Malt did present a major paper describing her work: Malt, Lillian G., 'Keyboard design in the electronic era', Printing Industry Research Association, Symposium Paper No. 6, September 1977.
Models.
There are five models of Maltron keyboard; two of them target most users, while the other three are geared towards people with more pervasive disabilities. The original curved, retro-styled keyboard devised by Lillian Malt is one of the former two and although the general form has remained the same, the original Maltron has gone through several revisions.
Due to customer requests for a halfway house between a conventional Sholes (i.e. QWERTY) keyboard and the curved Maltron, a flat (2D) version was introduced which although lacking the curvature of the 3D keyboard, incorporates split key groups, and offset letter rows to accommodate the different lengths of fingers.
For individuals with more severe disabilities, there are the single-handed, head or mouth stick, and expanded models.
All Maltron keyboards use Cherry MX brand key-switches; this makes keys much more responsive and durable compared to membrane or dome key-switches, used on the majority of keyboards.
Layouts.
Maltron 3D and 2D (flat) keyboards are produced with three different layouts:
In the Maltron layout, the home row of keys are "ANISF" for the left hand and "DTHOR" for the right hand. This home row can be used to type many more complete words than that found on a Qwerty keyboard.
The Maltron layout has been derived from frequency of use (FoU) statistics, plus additional considerations, such as the most frequent two- and three-letter combinations found in words. As much as possible, such combinations need to be placed as non-blocking sequences.
Whilst the letter E is normally regarded as the most common letter in the English language, one should not ignore the Space character, as it is nearly twice as frequent; additionally, in punctuation, the comma and full-stop are more frequent than the letters KVJZXQ.
Directional or cursor keys have also been subject to changes in design approach. Whilst the earlier PC-XT compatible Model B featured opposing keys near each other such as PgUp and PgDn aligned vertically on the left little finger, and arrow keys arranged UP/DN and LF/RT on either thumb, later models were to introduce a complete "design philosophy" where such keys were split into left-right locations matching the former re-arrangement of such characters as "(" and ")" which had been moved to sit above the numbers 5 & 6 (as "< >","[ ]", "{ }" and "/ \" had all been respectively separated). This meant that any cursor or movement key which moved to the left or up in a document (Backspace, PgUp, Left etc.) were all moved to the left hand and those which moved right or down (i.e., forward or CR/LF) in a document were placed on the right hand.
Further variation in design has been a slight "rotation" of the key-bowl upward in the center which reduces the amount of pronation in the operators' wrists. Referring back specifically to the Model-B, the key-bowl required the hands, although separated from each other, still to be rotated outward as though operating a flat keyboard.
Newer evolutions include moving the pseudo-standard 12 Function keys into a new top row inside the bowl rather than a straight line along the back as can still be seen on the single-handed versions. The standard numeric row (1 through 0) has also been shifted one column to the left aligning "1" with "F1", "2" with "F2" and so on. The blank area between the two thumb keys has also been raised to a significant height in order to prevent "dropped-wrist" operation of the number pad, although because of its location and layout, continuous one-handed numeric data entry requires physical movement of the keyboard to properly accommodate the dominant hand (left or right) which increases the amount of desktop real estate that the keyboard occupies.
The more observant user will also note that there is only one key below the home row for the ring finger (made obvious by the gap in the next row). As the long finger and the ring finger share the same tendon along the back of the hand, removal of excess "under-reach" for the ring finger alleviates potential stress on this tendon thus contributing to the keyboard's overall success in reducing Occupational Overuse Syndrome (aka RSI) type injuries.
Design and Construction Issues.
"Maltron keyboards are expensive by comparison and for many people represent a considerable investment. They are hand made from sheet materials which are formed and punched to make the shell or body of the keyboard. Individual Cherry MX key switches are fitted by hand. The switch contacts are wired up into a scanning XY matrix by hand. In fact everything is done on an individual basis by hand." – Maltron Web site

</doc>
<doc id="2879837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879837" title="Gersey">
Gersey

Gersey is an Australian rock band based in Melbourne, which formed in 1997. Since its debut album, the band has featured the core membership of Craig Jackson (vocals, bass), Daryl Bradie (guitar), Matt Davis (guitar) & Danny Tulen (drums).
History.
Formation & Sound.
The band is among a number of Australian indie-rock bands formed in the mid-late 90s who were partly influenced by the shoegaze movement of the early 90s, including Gaslight Radio. Matt Davis was himself a peripheral member of Gaslight Radio before the formation of Gersey.
However, the band are best known for their spacious arrangements and their dynamic range, best typified by the Australian bands that alongside themselves and Gaslight Radio, chose to work with Australian record producer, Tim Whitten, including 78 Saab & Art Of Fighting.
A 2006 review on FasterLouder.com marked this progression, declaring: “No longer content to be another local band filling out the shoegazer scene, the five-piece are now capable of producing material of a far more epic nature.” 
Steve Kilbey, from internationally renowned Australian band, The Church, commented: "You will never really pin these songs down. Without ever trying to be 'mysterious' this music with its repetitions which blur and softly distort, the detached vague lyrics and voice which seamlessly becomes another element, is".
Recordings.
The band began their recording careers with the rare EP "Bewilderment Is A Blessing" (1999). Since then they have released three full length albums. Their first two albums, "Hope Springs" (2000) and "Storms Dressed As Stars" (2002), were both produced with Tim Whitten (The Clouds, Underground Lovers) at Megaphon Studios in Sydney.
In 2005, their first two albums were re-released as deluxe editions. The "Hope Springs" deluxe edition also featured the sought-after debut EP in full.
It took the band four years to follow up their second album with the 2006 "No Satellites" LP. The group finally entered the studio with Dean Turner, a member of legendary Australian act, Magic Dirt, who had produced Riff Random and theredsunband. Tim Whitten mixed the album.
Side Projects.
In the following years, the band pursued personal projects, many of which included contributions from fellow Gersey bandmates. Matt Davis started the project, Bombazine Black, which also featured Danny Tulen on drums. Danny, Daryl & former 5th member, Drew Pearse formed the band Tall Buildings. Craig Jackson formed the band Sirens Of Venice with his wife Camilla Jackson, releasing a self-titled album through Speak N Spell Records in 2010.
Pavement Tour.
In 2010, Gersey returned to the road, performing an 11-date national tour which included seven theatre shows supporting US band, Pavement.
Music writer, Chris Wood, explains the history between the two bands: “The Pavement/Gersey connection goes back almost ten years with Gersey performing its first US shows with Spiral Stairs’ Preston School of Industry in 2001. Gersey and PSOI released a split seven-inch in 2003 and they have twice toured Australia together. More recently, members of Gersey have performed with Spiral Stairs on his solo album and as his touring band.”
Fourth Studio Album.
In April 2010, Mess+Noise interviewed Craig Jackson, who remarked that the chances of a fourth album by the band were “very good” following the band's return to the live circuit. 
The band sent a message to fans in July 2012, announcing that preparations to record a new album were underway.

</doc>
<doc id="2879854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879854" title="Iota Arietis">
Iota Arietis

Iota Arietis (ι Ari, ι Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.117; bright enough to be dimly seen with the naked eye. Parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission yield an estimated distance of from Earth.
This is a spectroscopic binary system with an orbital period of 1,568 days (4.3 years) and an eccentricity of 0.36. The primary is a K-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of K1 Vp. (The 'p' indicates some type of peculiarity with the spectrum.) The companion is a suspected white dwarf.

</doc>
<doc id="2879858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879858" title="Pjevajte sa mnom">
Pjevajte sa mnom

Pjevajte sa mnom is an album by the Herzegovinian singer Mate Bulić. 

</doc>
<doc id="2879860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879860" title="Eta Arietis">
Eta Arietis

Eta Arietis (η Ari, η Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is dimly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.231. With an annual parallax shift of 34.64 mas, the distance to this star is approximately .
This is an F-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of F5 V. It is younger than the Sun at an age of about 2.6 billion years. The effective temperature of the outer atmosphere is 6,380 K, giving it the yellow-white-hued glow of an F-type star. Eta Arietis was examined using the HARPS instrument for radial velocity variations that may be caused by an orbiting companion, but no signal was detected. Nor has an infrared excess been detected using the Spitzer Space Telescope, which might otherwise indicate the presence of circumstellar gas or dust.

</doc>
<doc id="2879865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879865" title="Eric Thomas (gynaecologist)">
Eric Thomas (gynaecologist)

Sir Eric Jackson Thomas (born 24 March 1953 in Hartlepool, County Durham) is an academic who has been Vice-Chancellor of the University of Bristol since 2001. From 2003 to 2007, he was Chair of the Worldwide Universities Network and is the current President of Universities UK.
Education and career.
Thomas graduated in Medicine from the Newcastle in 1976. He trained as an obstetrician and gynaecologist and worked at both the universities of Sheffield and Newcastle. He obtained an MD-by-thesis in 1987 via his research into endometriosis.
In 1991, he was appointed Professor of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the University of Southampton, becoming Head of the School of Medicine in 1995 and Dean of the Faculty of Medicine, Health and Biological Sciences in 1998. He was a consultant gynaecologist from 1987 to 2001.
In August 2011, Thomas became President of Universities UK, having previously been its Vice-President, Chair of its England and Northern Ireland Council and Chair of its Research Policy Committee. He is also Chair of the Board of CASE Europe, a Member of the Board of CASE and has been appointed to serve as a Commissioner of the Marshall Aid Commemoration Commission. He chaired the government Taskforce into Increasing Voluntary Giving in Higher Education, which reported in 2004. He was Chair of the Worldwide Universities Network from 2003 – 2007. He was a member of the Board of the South-West Regional Development Agency from 2002–8.
Personal life.
Thomas is married and has two children. His interests include golf and Newcastle United Football Club. He is a Deputy Lieutenant of the City and County of Bristol, and was knighted in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to higher education.

</doc>
<doc id="2879872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879872" title="Bohuslavice (Opava District)">
Bohuslavice (Opava District)

Bohuslavice (, ) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is a part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 1,600 inhabitants. The village is surrounded by ponds and forests. 

</doc>
<doc id="2879873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879873" title="Tom Stephan">
Tom Stephan

Tom Stephan is a house music producer and DJ.
Discography.
Superchumbo- Fire Records 2012
Superchumbo, Theo and Gabe Ramos- Ohh La La Records 2011
Superchumbo- The Revolution (remixes) 2011
Kris Di Angelis & Tom Stephan- Hot Mess Fried Records 2011
DJ Chus & Tom Stephan- Tormenta Recordings 2011
Tom Stephan- Turn That Shit Up Fried Records 2011
Tom Stephan- Turn Me On Records 2011
Tom Stephan- Everlasting Records 2011
Tom Stephan- Jerk It Records 2011
Tom Stephan & Per QX- The Music 2009
Laidback Luke & Tom Stephan- Show Recordings 2008
Superchumbo- The Noise 2008
Tom Stephan & Lex Da Funk- Shake It 2008
Tom Stephan & Pete Gleadall vs Fierce Ruling Diva- Phreekn 2008
Tom Stephan vs S-Man- Hold One Me Music IT 2007
Tom Stephan & Martin Accorsi- Erupt US 2007
J5 Eaters- Frenzy 2006
Superchumbo- Dog 2006
Superchumbo- U Know I Love It America 2006
D Ramirez & Tom Stephan- Shake It Baby 2006
Superchumbo- Wowie Zowie Album America 2005
Tom Stephan ft Katherine Elllis- Here I Come 2005
Superchumbo- Fall Out 2005
Superchumbo- Everything U America 2005
Superchumbo Featuring Celeda – Dirtyfilthy America 2004
Superchumbo- This Beat Is America 2003
Superchumbo- Irresistible US/Loaded UK 2002
Plastic Surge- Sonido/ Burbjua 2002
Superchumbo- The Revolution America 2001
Tom Stephan ft Gerideau- Believe in Love VSNDJ4 2000
Superchumbo- Loop / I'm A Star America 1999
Superchumbo- Get This 1997
Shifty- Feel It 1997
Tracy & Sharon- Terrific/ Filthy Hetero UK/Omnisonus FR 1994
AuDio KoDe- Poppin Ain't No Stoppin (Tom Stephan Aka Superchumbo Remix) Records 2012
Victoria Wilson-James vs Waterson- Deep In Vogue Beats 2012
The Shoes- Wastin Time (Tom Stephan Remix) Fried Records 2011
E.G. Fullalove- Didn't I Know (Superchumbo Mix) Groove 2011
Blaktron- Cassette Deck (Tom Stephan Mix) Down Recordings and various other labels 2011
Tedd Patterson- Remote Control (Superchumbo Mix) Records 2011
Chad Jack- Gag On It (Superchumbo Mix) Music 2011
Leomeo-The Sound of C (Tom Stephan Mix) Records 2011
Steelfish- Hot Like Fire (Tom Stephan Mix) Recordings 2011
DJ Duke- Blow Your Whistle (Tom Stephan Remix) Music/ Sound Groove 2010
Seductive- Take Control (Tom Stephan Mix) 2010
Rusko- Hold On (Tom Stephan Mix) Decent 2010
Rishi Romero- African Forest 2010 (Tom Stephan Mix) 2010
Seductive- Rockin (Tom Stephan Mix) Mak 2010
Bob Sinclar- New, New, New (Tom Stephan Mix) [D:Vision] 2010
Heavy Feet feat KOVAS We Came To Party (Tom Stephan remix) Beats 2010
Honey Dijon- Walls Down (Tom Stephan Mix) 2010
Oscar G- What you Need (Tom Stephan Mix) Records 2010
Major Lazer- Keep It Going Louder (Tom Stephan Mixes) Decent/V2 2010
Laidback Luke- My G.O.D. (Tom Stephan Mix) [Mixmash/Bitrate] 2010
The Transatlantins ft India- I Can’t Live Without Music (Tom Stephan Mix) 2009
Pete Heller- Sabotage (Tom Stephan’s ChumboMundo Mix) 2009
Pet Shop Boys- Up and Down (Tom Stephan Mixes) 2009
Kristine W- Be Alright (Tom Stephan Mix) AGAIN 2009
Ralph Falcon- Whateva (Tom Stephan works the whateva mix) US 2009
Mom & Dad- The Whole Sh-bang (Tom Stephan’s New Kick Mix) 2009
Boy George-Yes We Can (Tom Stephan 12" mix) 2008
Mendo- Watermelon (Tom Stephan Mix) 2008
NICK & DANNY CHATELAIN- London Acid (Tom Stephan Mix) 2008
JENNIFER CARBONELL vs FRISCIA & LAMBOY- Broken Pieces (Tom Stephan Mix) 2008
Cyberpunkers- Breathless 2007
Pet Shop Boys- Minimal (Superchumbo’s Light & Shade Dub) 2006
Africanism- Hard (Superchumbo Thunder Mix) 2006
Cubic- Superflyin (Superchumbo Mix) Productions 2006
John Shelvin & Astrid Suryanto- Inbetween (Superchumbo Leadhead Dub) Records 2006
Roger Sanchez- Turn On The Music 2005
Hiroki Esashika- Kazane (Superchumbo Mix) 2005
Robbie Rivera- One Eye Shut (Superchumbo iD Mix) Seven 2005
Lyszak- Dick For Brains (Superchumbo Re-werk) Productions 2005
Murk- Believe (Superchumbo Mix) Boy 2003
Roach Motel- Wild Luv (Superchumbo Roach Clip) Boy’s Own 2003
Seal- Get It Together (Superchumbo Mixes) Bros 2003
Pet Shop Boys- Sexy Northerner (Superchumbo Mixes) Records 2003
Peace Division- What Is This Sound (Tom Stephan Superchumbo Mixes) NRK 2003
Fierce Ruling Diva- You Gotta Believe (Superchumbo mixes) /Tommy Boy 2002
Cyn- Fantasy/Reality 69 2002
Basement Jaxx- Get Me Off (Superchumbo 'Supergetoff' Remix) 2002
Missy Elliott - Get Ur Freak On (Superchumbo's Superfreakon Remix) 2002
Mooncat- Strong (Superchumbo Mix) Pressings 2002
Xpress-2 – Muzikizum (Tom Stephan Mixes) 2002
Armand Van Helden- Why Can't U Free Some Time (Superchumbo's Vocode Mix) 2001
David James- (Always) A Permanent State (Tom Stephan's Superchumbo Mix) 2001
Menace- Sound Of The Floor (Superchumbo's Leadhead Dub) Fantastic 2001
Kylie- Can't Get You Out Of My Head (Superchumbo Mixes) 
2001
Flip Flop- In Stereo (Superchumbo Mixes) 2001
Deepswing- In The Music (Superchumbo's High Octane Mix) 2001
Love Tattoo- Drop Some Drums (Superchumbo's Volta Mix) 2001
Flip Flop Featuring Faith Trent - In Stereo (The Superchumbo Mixes) Records 2001
Darude- Sandstorm (Superchumbo's Sandy Sandstorm) 2001
Tina Turner- When The Heartache Is Over (Superchumbo's Crystal Mix) 2000
Pet Shop Boys- New York City Boy (Superchumbo Remixes) 1999
Edyta Gorniak- One & One (Superchumbo Mix) America 1999
Maddkatt Courtship III- My Life Muzik (Superchumbo Mixes) 1999
The Creatures- Prettiest Thing (Superchumbo Waking Dream Mix) Dukebox 1999
Pauline Taylor- Come Down (Super Chumbo's Crash Mix) 1999
Funky Green Dogs- Until The Day (Superchumbo Saves The Day) America 1998
Dollshead- It’s Over, It’s Under America 1997
Neneh Cherry- Feel It (Tracy & Sharon Mix) 1997
Neneh Cherry- Kootchi (Koo Vocal) 1996
Pet Shop Boys- Paninaro ’95 (Tracy & Sharon Mixes) 1995
Tom Jones- Love Is On Our Side (Tracy & Sharon’s Dubba Love) West 1994
Nervous Nitelife Records 2009
Asseteria- Live from NYC Records 2008
Let’s Go Chumbo 2006
Roger Sanchez / Tom Stephan - Afterdark Vol.1 2005
Nite:Life 018 - These Beats Are... 2004
Superchumbo- Get the Lead Out! 2002
Superchumbo- Leadhead 2002
Soundworx- Session Two UK 2001
Drag Addict Recordings 1996
Just a Drag…Queen FR 1995
Kevin Aviance- Join In The Chant 1999
Robbie Williams- There Are Bad Times Just Around The Corner 1999
Rufus Wainwright – Tiergarten 2007
Pet Shop Boys- Screaming (keyboards) Psycho Motion Picture Soundtrack 1998

</doc>
<doc id="2879877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879877" title="Phoenix Trotting Park">
Phoenix Trotting Park

The Phoenix Trotting Park, a horse racing track, was originally built in 1964 in Goodyear, Arizona. It opened in 1965 and was run for about two and a half seasons. The large, futuristically designed structure gave an optimistic look for the 1960s. 
Originally planned to be built for a cost of about $3 million, the facility ended up costing around $10 million. Various incentives during the events that were held, such as free parking and admission did initially lead to decent attendance. However, a variety of factors led to the inevitable closing of the track. The hot weather of the desert caused events to be uncomfortable to attendees. The location provided limited means to control rain, leading to floods that caused accessibility problems. The park is also located about 20 miles outside of Phoenix and was built long before any major roads made the area easily accessible to those in the city or its suburbs. 
The main building of the park was used in the 1998 Charlie/Martin Sheen movie "No Code of Conduct". Part of the feature involved a large explosion occurring at the track.

</doc>
<doc id="2879891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879891" title="Muscle &amp; Fitness">
Muscle &amp; Fitness

Muscle & Fitness is an American fitness and bodybuilding magazine founded by Joe Weider, but now published by American Media, Inc.
History.
"Muscle & Fitness" has a more mainstream fitness & bodybuilding lifestyle focus than its companion publication, "Flex", which mainly covers more specialised "hardcore" and professional bodybuilding topics. It offers many exercise and nutritional tips, while at the same time advertising a variety of nutritional supplements from companies such as BSN. 
Many professional bodybuilders are featured in each monthly issue of "Muscle & Fitness", like Ronnie Coleman, Gustavo Badell, Darrem Charles, Sagi Kalev and Jay Cutler. 
"Muscle & Fitness" has also featured actors, natural bodybuilders, athletes and sports personalities such as: Arnold Schwarzenegger, 50 Cent, Evander Holyfield, Joe Weider, Dwayne Johnson, Sebastian Siegel, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Emilien De Falco, Lawrence Leritz, Mike O'Hearn, and the March 2006 issue featured World Wrestling Entertainment chairman Vince McMahon and superstar Triple H. Triple H also featured in another issue at the end of 2009. It also features a number of figure competitors such as Davana Medina, Jenny Lynn, Monica Brant. And it featured on the cover of the February 2008 issue former UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar. "Muscle and Fitness" placed a lot of emphasis on Wrestlers and MMA fighters towards the end of 2009 and into 2010. Editions included WWE Superstar John Cena, former WWE Superstars "Stone Cold" Steve Austin and John Morrison, and UFC fighters Todd Duffee and Nate Marquardt. 
There is also a companion magazine called Muscle and Fitness Hers oriented toward women.

</doc>
<doc id="2879897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879897" title="Clickstream">
Clickstream

A clickstream is the recording of the parts of the screen a computer user clicks on while web browsing or using another software application. As the user clicks anywhere in the webpage or application, the action is logged on a client or inside the web server, as well as possibly the web browser, router, proxy server or ad server. Clickstream analysis is useful for web activity analysis, software testing, market research, and for analyzing employee productivity.
Overview.
Initial clickstream or click path data had to be gleaned from server log files. Because human and machine traffic were not differentiated, the study of human clicks took a substantial effort. Subsequently Javascript technologies were developed which use a tracking cookie to generate a series of signals from browsers. In other words, information was only collected from "real humans" clicking on sites through browsers.
A clickstream is a series of page requests, every page requested generates a signal. These signals can be graphically represented for clickstream reporting. The main point of clickstream tracking is to give webmasters insight into what visitors on their site are doing.
This data itself is "neutral" in the sense that any dataset is neutral. The data can be used in various scenarios, one of which is marketing. Additionally, any webmaster, researcher, blogger or person with a website can learn about how to improve their site.
Use of clickstream data can raise privacy concerns, especially since some Internet service providers have resorted to selling users' clickstream data as a way to enhance revenue. There are 10-12 companies that purchase this data, typically for about $0.40/month per user. While this practice may not directly identify individual users, it is often possible to indirectly identify specific users, an example being the AOL search data scandal. Most consumers are unaware of this practice, and its potential for compromising their privacy. In addition, few ISPs publicly admit to this practice.
Analyzing the data of clients that visit a company website can be important in order to remain competitive. This analysis can be used to generate two findings for the company, the first being an analysis of a user’s clickstream while using a website to reveal usage patterns, which in turn gives a heightened understanding of customer behaviour. This use of the analysis creates a user profile that aids in understanding the types of people that visit a company’s website. As discussed in Van den Poel & Buckinx (2005), clickstream analysis can be used to predict whether a customer is likely to purchase from an e-commerce website. Clickstream analysis can also be used to improve customer satisfaction with the website and with the company itself. This can generate a business advantage, and be used to assess the effectiveness of advertising on a web page or site.
Data mining, column-oriented DBMS, and integrated OLAP systems can be used in conjunction with clickstreams to better record and analyze this data.
Clickstreams can also be used to allow the user to see where they have been and allow them to easily return to a page they have already visited, a function that is already incorporated in most browsers.
Unauthorized clickstream data collection is considered to be spyware. However, authorized clickstream data collection comes from organizations that use opt-in panels to generate market research using panelists who agree to share their clickstream data with other companies by downloading and installing specialized clickstream collection agents.

</doc>
<doc id="2879901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879901" title="Pi Arietis">
Pi Arietis

Pi Arietis (π Ari, π Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a multiple star system in the northern constellation of Aries. Based upon parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission, this system is approximately distant from Earth and has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.21. This is bright enough to be faintly seen with the naked eye.
The primary member of this system is a massive, B-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of B6 V. It is a close spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 3.854 days, an eccentricity of 0.04, and a combined visual magnitude of 5.30. At an angular separation of 3.28 arcseconds is a magnitude 8.46 A-type main sequence star with a classification of A0 Vp. Finally, a fourth member of the system is a magnitude 11.0 F-type main sequence star with a classification of F8V at an angular separation of 25.2 arcseconds from the primary.
Name.
This star, along with δ Ari, ε Ari, ζ Ari, and ρ3 Ari, were Al Bīrūnī's Al Buṭain (ألبطين), the dual of "Al Baṭn", the Belly. According to the catalogue of stars in the "Technical Memorandum 33-507 - A Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars", "Al Buṭain" were the title for five stars : δ Ari as "Botein", π Ari as "Al Buṭain I", ρ3 Ari as "Al Buṭain II", ε Ari as "Al Buṭain III" dan ζ Ari as "Al Buṭain IV".
In Chinese, (), meaning "Official in Charge of the Forest", refers to an asterism consisting of π Arietis, ν Arietis, μ Arietis, ο Arietis and σ Arietis. Consequently, π Arietis itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="2879916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879916" title="Evangeline Walton">
Evangeline Walton

Evangeline Walton (24 November 1907 – 11 March 1996) was the pen name of Evangeline Wilna Ensley, an American author of fantasy fiction. She remains popular in North America and Europe because of her “ability to humanize historical and mythological subjects with eloquence, humor and compassion”.
Life.
Born in Indianapolis, Indiana to Marion Edmund Ensley and Wilna Eunice Ensley née Coyner, Walton came from a lively, educated, Quaker family. Walton suffered chronic respiratory illnesses as a child, and was privately or self-taught at home. Her parents separated and divorced in 1924. Growing up and living with her mother and her grandmother and witnessing her parents’ marital difficulties roused a natural feminism in Walton which appears throughout her writings. As a child, Walton enjoyed the works of L. Frank Baum, James Stephens, Lord Dunsany and Algernon Blackwood, which she would later cite as influences on her fiction. Walton and her mother traveled often to New York City, Chicago and San Francisco for opera, especially for Richard Wagner’s Der Ring des Nibelungen; opera was a passion her entire life. In 1946 after the death of her grandmother, Walton and her mother moved to Tucson, Arizona. Wilna Ensley died in 1971 but not before she saw the dawn of public recognition for Walton and her works.
Most of Walton’s published and unpublished works were originally written in the 1920s through the early 1950s. She worked on her best known work, the Mabinogion tetralogy, during the late 1930s and early 1940s, and her Theseus trilogy during the late 1940s. Once success found her after 1970, she reworked many of her manuscripts for publication over the next twenty years. Walton said of her knack for writing fantasy: “My own method has always been to try to put flesh and blood on the bones of the original myth; I almost never contradict sources, I only add and interpret.” In 1991, she underwent surgery for a brain tumor that proved benign. However, her health continued to decline.
Treated as a child with silver nitrate tincture for frequent bronchitis and severe sinus infections, Walton, who had extremely fair skin, absorbed the pigment of the tincture causing her skin to turn gray and darken as she aged.
Walton corresponded with the British novelist, essayist and poet John Cowper Powys for many years. Some of Walton’s papers from 1936-1984—including biographic material, manuscripts and the correspondence with Powys—are archived in Special Collections at the Library, University of Arizona in Tucson. She was first cousin to Clifford C. Furnas (1900–1969), author of "The Next Hundred Years", Assistant Secretary of War in the Eisenhower administration, co-founder of NASA and chancellor of SUNY Buffalo; and to Clifton J. Furness (1898–1946), professor of music and author of "The Genteel Female: An Anthology" (1931). Furness edited and introduced a facsimile edition of "Leaves of Grass" (1939) and "Walt Whitman's Workshop: A Collection of Unpublished Manuscripts" (1928). A writer himself, Furness encouraged, inspired and mentored his young cousin Evangeline.
Walton herself wrote about her chosen pen name, "I use the name Walton professionally, partly because I originally hoped to build up different lines of work under different names, partly because Walton is an old family name and appears on the Declaration of Independence. Not that I can trace any blood connection between my Quaker Waltons and the Declaration signer. They came from Virginia, and were supposed to have had a American man somewhere up the family tree. He may be the reason why both records and tradition trail off into vagueness. But when I was a child, old folk remembered the Waltons as very tall, very dark people, too full of restless energy to fit quietly into their peaceful little Quaker community: a vivid, turbulent note in it."
Writings.
Walton is best known for her four novels retelling the Welsh Mabinogi. 
She published her first volume in 1936 under the publisher's unfortunate title of "The Virgin and the Swine". Although receiving warm praise from John Cowper Powys, the book sold poorly and none of the other novels in the series reached print at the time. Rediscovered by Ballantine's Adult Fantasy series in 1970, it was reissued as "The Island of the Mighty". "The Children of Llyr" followed in 1971, "The Song of Rhiannon" in 1972 and "Prince of Annwn" in 1974. All four novels were published in a single volume as "The Mabinogion Tetralogy" in 2002 by Overlook Press. The four novels are translated and available in several European languages.
Walton's "Witch House" was written in the mid- to late-1930s and published in 1945 as the first volume in “The Library of Arkham House Novels of Fantasy and Terror”. It is an occult horror story set in New England. In 1956, she published "The Cross and the Sword", a novel set during the Danish conquest of England and the destruction of its Celtic culture.
In 1982, Walton published the first of her Theseus trilogy "The Sword is Forged". Walton had completed the trilogy in the late 1940s but the publication by Mary Renault of her Theseus novels in 1958 and 1962 kept Walton from publishing her own. The remaining two novels in the trilogy are, as yet, unpublished.
Walton published several short stories. The best-known of these are “Above Ker-Is” (1980), “The Judgement of St. Yves” (1981) and “The Mistress of Kaer-Mor” (1980). She also wrote seven unpublished novels, several volumes of unpublished short stories, poems and a verse play.
Currently Douglas A. Anderson is the agent for Walton's literary works.

</doc>
<doc id="2879918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879918" title="List of probability distributions">
List of probability distributions

Many probability distributions are so important in theory or applications that they have been given specific names.
Joint distributions.
For any set of independent random variables the probability density function of their joint distribution is the product of their individual density functions.

</doc>
<doc id="2879933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879933" title="Píšť (Opava District)">
Píšť (Opava District)

Píšť (, 1938-45: "Sandau") is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is a part of the micro-region Hlučínsko and has approximately 2,100 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2879937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879937" title="Payara">
Payara

Payara, "Hydrolycus scomberoides", is a type of game fish. It is found abundantly in Venezuela and in the Amazon Basin. 
Description.
The payara's most noticeable feature is the two long fangs protruding from its lower jaw. These fangs can be 4 to 6 inches long. Parayas grow to be around 3 feet long with an average length of 1.5 ft. The payara's diet mainly consist of smaller fish; they impale other fish with their sharp teeth and consume them. Payaras also share the same habitat with butterfly peacock bass ("Cichla ocellaris"). In the Amazon River Basin, payaras are restricted to tributaries above the mouth of the Rio Tapajós. 
In popular culture.
The payara is featured in the first season of the Animal Planet show "River Monsters".

</doc>
<doc id="2879939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879939" title="Legislative Research Commission">
Legislative Research Commission

The Legislative Research Commission (LRC) is an agency of Kentucky state government that supports the state legislature, the Kentucky General Assembly. 
The LRC was originally created in 1948 with the Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky as its head.
The LRC is composed of 16 legislators, drawn from the leadership of the Kentucky House of Representatives and the Kentucky Senate. The President of the Kentucky Senate and the Speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives serve as co-chairs. 
The Kentucky General Assembly may only meet for 60 days in even numbered years and for 30 days in odd numbered years, so in between those sessions interim committees meet under the auspices of the LRC. The LRC also provides the General Assembly with staff and research support including committee staffing, bill drafting, oversight of the state budget and educational reform, production of educational materials, maintenance of a reference library and Internet site, and the preparation and printing of research reports, informational bulletins and a legislative newspaper. The agency is run on a day-to-day basis by an executive director.

</doc>
<doc id="2879948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879948" title="Tau Arietis">
Tau Arietis

The Bayer designation Tau Arietis (τ Ari, τ Arietis) is shared by two star systems, in the constellation Aries:
They are separated by 0.54°.

</doc>
<doc id="2879955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879955" title="Píšť">
Píšť

Píšť is name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2879958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879958" title="Sodium channel">
Sodium channel

Sodium channels are integral membrane proteins that form ion channels, conducting sodium ions (Na+) through a cell's plasma membrane. They are classified according to the trigger that opens the channel for such ions, i.e. either a voltage-change ("Voltage-gated", "voltage-sensitive", or "voltage-dependent" sodium channel also called "VGSCs" or "Nav channel") or a binding of a substance (a ligand) to the channel (ligand-gated sodium channels).
In excitable cells such as neurons, myocytes, and certain types of glia, sodium channels are responsible for the rising phase of action potentials.
Voltage-gated.
Structure.
Sodium channels consist of a large α subunit that associates with other proteins, such as β subunits. An α subunit forms the core of the channel and is functional on its own. When the α subunit protein is expressed by a cell, it is able to form channels that conduct Na+ in a voltage-gated way, even if β subunits or other known modulating proteins are not expressed. When accessory proteins assemble with α subunits, the resulting complex can display altered voltage dependence and cellular localization.
The α-subunit has four repeat domains, labeled I through IV, each containing six membrane-spanning segments, labeled S1 through S6. The highly conserved S4 segment acts as the channel's voltage sensor. The voltage sensitivity of this channel is due to positive amino acids located at every fourth position. When stimulated by a change in transmembrane voltage, this segment moves toward the extracellular side of the cell membrane, allowing the channel to become permeable to ions. The ions are conducted through a pore, which can be broken into two regions. The more external (i.e., more extracellular) portion of the pore is formed by the "P-loops" (the region between S5 and S6) of the four domains. This region is the most narrow part of the pore and is responsible for its ion selectivity. The inner portion (i.e., more cytoplasmic) of the pore is formed by the combined S5 and S6 segments of the four domains. The region linking domains III and IV is also important for channel function. This region plugs the channel after prolonged activation, inactivating it.
Gating.
Voltage-gated Na+ channels can exist in any of three distinct states: deactivated (closed), activated (open), or inactivated (closed).
Before an action potential occurs, the axonal membrane is at its normal resting potential, and Na+ channels are in their deactivated state, blocked on the extracellular side by their activation gates. In response to an electrical current (in this case, an action potential), the activation gates open, allowing positively-charged Na+ ions to flow into the neuron through the channels, and causing the voltage across the neuronal membrane to increase. Because the voltage across the membrane is initially negative, as its voltage increases "to" and "past" zero, it is said to depolarize. This increase in voltage constitutes the rising phase of an action potential.
At the peak of the action potential, when enough Na+ has entered the neuron and the membrane's potential has become high enough, the Na+ channels inactivate themselves by closing their inactivation gates. The inactivation gate can be thought of as a "plug" tethered to domains III and IV of the channel's intracellular alpha subunit. Closure of the inactivation gate causes Na+ flow through the channel to stop, which in turn causes the membrane potential to stop rising. With its inactivation gate closed, the channel is said to be inactivated. With the Na+ channel no longer contributing to the membrane potential, the potential decreases back to its resting potential as the neuron repolarizes and subsequently hyperpolarizes itself. This decrease in voltage constitutes the falling phase of the action potential.
When the membrane's voltage becomes low enough, the inactivation gate reopens and the activation gate closes in a process called deinactivation, or removal of inactivation. With the activation gate closed and the inactivation gate open, the Na+ channel is once again in its deactivated state, and is ready to participate in another action potential.
When any kind of ion channel does not inactivate itself, it is said to be persistently (or tonically) active. Some kinds of ion channels are naturally persistently active. However, genetic mutations that cause persistent activity in other channels can cause disease by creating excessive activity of certain kinds of neurons. Mutations that interfere with Na+ channel inactivation can contribute to cardiovascular diseases or epileptic seizures by window currents, which can cause muscle and/or nerve cells to become over-excited.
Modeling the behavior of gates.
The temporal behavior of Na+ channels can be modeled by a Markovian scheme or by the Hodgkin–Huxley-type formalism. In the former scheme, each channel occupies a distinct state with differential equations describing transitions between states; in the latter, the channels are treated as a population that are affected by three independent gating variables. Each of these variables can attain a value between 1 (fully permeant to ions) and 0 (fully non-permeant), the product of these variables yielding the percentage of conducting channels. The Hodgkin–Huxley model can be shown to be equivalent to a Markovian model.
Impermeability to other ions.
The pore of sodium channels contains a selectivity filter made of negatively charged amino acid residues, which attract the positive Na+ ion and keep out negatively charged ions such as chloride. The cations flow into a more constricted part of the pore that is 0.3 by 0.5 nm wide, which is just large enough to allow a single Na+ ion with a water molecule associated to pass through. The larger K+ ion cannot fit through this area. Ions of different sizes also cannot interact as well with the negatively charged glutamic acid residues that line the pore.
Diversity.
Voltage-gated sodium channels normally consist of an alpha subunit that forms the ion conduction pore and one to two beta subunits that have several functions including modulation of channel gating. Expression of the alpha subunit alone is sufficient to produce a functional channel.
Alpha subunits.
The family of sodium channels has nine known members, with amino acid identity >50% in the trans-membrane segments and extracellular loop regions. A standardized nomenclature for sodium channels is currently used and is maintained by the IUPHAR.
The proteins of these channels are named Nav1.1 through Nav1.9. The gene names are referred to as SCN1A through SCN11A (the SCN6/7A gene is part of the Nax sub-family and has uncertain function). The likely evolutionary relationship between these channels, based on the similarity of their amino acid sequences, is shown in figure 1. The individual sodium channels are distinguished not only by differences in their sequence but also by their kinetics and expression profiles. Some of this data is summarized in table 1, below.
Beta subunits.
Sodium channel beta subunits are type 1 transmembrane glycoproteins with an extracellular N-terminus and a cytoplasmic C-terminus. As members of the Ig superfamily, beta subunits contain a prototypic V-set Ig loop in their extracellular domain. It is interesting to note that beta subunits share no homology with their counterparts of calcium and potassium channels. Instead, they are homologous to neural cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) and the large family of L1 CAMs. There are four distinct betas named in order of discovery: SCN1B, SCN2B, SCN3B, SCN4B (table 2). Beta 1 and beta 3 interact with the alpha subunit non-covalently, whereas beta 2 and beta 4 associate with alpha via disulfide bond.
Role of beta subunits as cell adhesion molecules.
In addition to regulating channel gating, sodium channel beta subunits also modulate channel expression and form links to the intracelluar cytoskeleton via ankyrin and spectrin.
Voltage-gated sodium channels also assemble with a variety of other proteins, such as FHF proteins ("F"ibroblast growth factor "H"omologous "F"actor), calmodulin, cytoskeleton or regulatory kinases, which form a complex with sodium channels, influencing its expression and/or function. Several beta subunits interact with one or more extracellular matrix (ECM) molecules. Contactin, also known as F3 or F11, associates with beta 1 as shown via co-immunoprecipitation. Fibronectin-like (FN-like) repeats of Tenascin-C and Tenascin-R bind with beta 2 in contrast to the Epidermal growth factor-like (EGF-like) repeats that repel beta2. A disintegrin and metalloproteinase (ADAM) 10 sheds beta 2's ectodomain possibly inducing neurite outgrowth. Beta 3 and beta 1 bind to neurofascin at Nodes of Ranvier in developing neurons. 
Ligand-gated.
Ligand-gated sodium channels are activated by binding of a ligand instead of a change in membrane potential.
They are found, e.g. in the neuromuscular junction as nicotinic receptors, where the ligands are acetylcholine molecules. Most channels of this type are permeable to potassium to some degree as well as to sodium.
Role in action potential.
Voltage-gated sodium channels play an important role in action potentials. If enough channels open when there is a change in the cell's membrane potential, a small but significant number of Na+ ions will move into the cell down their electrochemical gradient, further depolarizing the cell. Thus, the more Na+ channels localized in a region of a cell's membrane the faster the action potential will propagate and the more excitable that area of the cell will be. This is an example of a positive feedback loop. The ability of these channels to assume a closed-inactivated state causes the refractory period and is critical for the propagation of action potentials down an axon.
Na+ channels both open and close more quickly than K+ channels, producing an influx of positive charge (Na+) toward the beginning of the action potential and an efflux (K+) toward the end.
Ligand-gated sodium channels, on the other hand, create the change in the membrane potential in the first place, in response to the binding of a ligand to it.
Pharmacologic modulation.
Blockers.
"See Sodium channel blockers"
Activators.
The following naturally produced substances persistently activate (open) sodium channels:
Gating modifiers.
The following toxins modify the gating of sodium channels:

</doc>
<doc id="2879966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879966" title="Nu Arietis">
Nu Arietis

Nu Arietis (ν Ari, ν Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the constellation Aries.
Nu Arietis is a white-hued A-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of +5.45. It is approximately 336 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2879978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879978" title="Xi Arietis">
Xi Arietis

Xi Arietis (ξ Ari, ξ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.46, and so is dimly visible to the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is distant from the Earth.
The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of B7 IV, indicating that it is a subgiant star that has exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core and is in the process of evolving into a giant star. Xi Arietis was once a designation for Psi Ceti (ψ Cet, ψ Ceti).

</doc>
<doc id="2879985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879985" title="Brentwood Bay, British Columbia">
Brentwood Bay, British Columbia

Brentwood Bay, is a small neighbourhood in the municipality of Central Saanich, on the Saanich Peninsula. It lies north of the city of Victoria and south of Sidney on the southern tip of Vancouver Island. on the Saanich Inlet, it includes the Butchart Gardens, the Victoria Butterfly Gardens and the Brentwood Bay Lodge & Spa. The region also plays host to various wineries and restaurants, and also features hiking and a variety of wildlife in Gowlland Tod Provincial Park.
Brentwood Bay is part of the Central Saanich Municipality (pop. 15,348 (2001)), one of 13 that make up the Greater Victoria area (pop. 311,902 (2001)). It is located on Highway 17A just west of Highway 17 (known locally as the "Pat Bay Highway"), the main route running the length of the Saanich Peninsula. It is also served frequently by the Brentwood-Mill Bay ferry, the MV "Mill Bay", run by BC Ferries.

</doc>
<doc id="2879988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879988" title="José Luis Alcaine">
José Luis Alcaine

José Luis Alcaine (born 26 December 1938) is a Spanish born cinematographer. Educated in Tangier's French Lycee Regnault and in the Spanish Institute, he was the first cinematographer to use fluorescent tube as key lighting in the 1970s. He has worked on films such as "Belle Époque" (Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, 1993) "Blast from the Past", and "Two Much". He is the winner of five Goyas, for "El Sueño del Mono Loco", "Belle Epoque", "El Pajaro de la Felicidad", "El Caballero Don Quijote", and "Las Trece Rosas".
Winner of European Film Award (EFA) for "Volver".

</doc>
<doc id="2879990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879990" title="Sigma Arietis">
Sigma Arietis

Sigma Arietis (σ Ari, σ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of +5.52, which is bright enough for the star to be seen with the naked eye from dark suburban skies. Based upon an annual measured parallax shift of , it is approximately distant from the Earth.
Sigma Arietis is a B-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of B7 V. This is a large star with three times the radius of the Sun and 3.8 times the Sun's mass. It shines around 301 times as brightly as the Sun, with this energy being radiated into space from its outer atmosphere at a scorching hot effective temperature of 13,121 K. It is this heat that gives the star the blue-white hue of a B-type star. Sigma Arietis is spinning at a rapid clip, with a projected rotational velocity of 165 km/s. It is a probable member of the Cas-Tau OB association of stars that share a common motion through space.

</doc>
<doc id="2879992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2879992" title="Kozmice">
Kozmice

Kozmice is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="2880000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880000" title="Theta Arietis">
Theta Arietis

Theta Arietis (θ Ari, θ Arietis) is the Bayer designation ]for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.58. With an annual parallax shift of 7.29 mas, the distance to this star is an estimated with a 20 light-year margin of error.
This is a white-hued, A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A1 Vn. It is spinning at a rapid pace as shown by the projected rotational velocity of 186 km/s. This is causing the "nebulous" appearance of the absorption lines indicated by the 'n' suffix in the classification.

</doc>
<doc id="2880009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880009" title="Bedtime story">
Bedtime story

A bedtime story is a traditional form of storytelling, where a story is told to a child at bedtime to prepare the child for sleep.
Bedtime stories have many advantages, for parents/adults and children alike. The fixed routine of a bedtime story before sleeping has a relaxing effect, and the soothing voice of a person telling a story allows for a calm atmosphere in which the child can fall asleep more easily. The emotional aspect creates a bond between the storyteller and the listener, often a parent and child.
Bedtime stories can be read from a book, or may be invented by the storyteller. The stories tend to be short, with a happy ending. A different form of bedtime reading uses longer stories, but divides them up, thus creating cliffhangers. Children will look forward to their bedtime story, and a fixed routine is installed.

</doc>
<doc id="2880013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880013" title="Kozmice (Opava District)">
Kozmice (Opava District)

Kozmice (-Czech, ) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of the micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 1,800 inhabitants and an area of 10.91 square kilometres.
First mention of Kozmice was in 1349. On 1 July 1973 Kozmice became part of the city of Hlučín, but after a local referendum the village once again became independent on 1 January 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2880016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880016" title="Jan Novák (composer)">
Jan Novák (composer)

Jan Novák (8 April 1921, Nová Říše – 11 November 1984, Neu Ulm) was a popular Czech composer of classical music. Novák was primarily active in the 1960s and composed the music for several films of Karel Kachyňa. Novák also composed music for the films of animators Jiří Trnka and Karel Zeman, the leading figures of the Czech animated film.

</doc>
<doc id="2880018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880018" title="FFA Centre of Excellence">
FFA Centre of Excellence

The FFA Centre of Excellence (formally the Australian Institute of Sport Football Program)is an association football talent identification and player development program run by the Australian Institute of Sport, in Canberra. The Centre of Excellence runs this program for both men and women: the men's program was one of the eight founding sports of the AIS in 1981, with the women's program being added in 1998.
History.
The AIS football program is funded by the Australian Federal Government, through the Australian Sports Commission. In 2005-2006 this funding amounted to A$1,115,000. Currently, 20 students per year are selected for an initial period of 12 months training and study, with the additional option of a second year. The men's program is residential, while the women's is training camp-based. Students are generally 15–17 years old when selected and the only compulsory requirement is that they have current, or pending, Australian citizenship.
The original stated aim of the men's program was ""To identify and develop players for the national under-20 youth team and to develop coaches through the Scholarship Coaching scheme"."
National representation.
Following the decision of several football graduates to represent other countries at a senior national level (e.g. Josip Simunic), the AIS implemented contracts whereby the cost of the scholarship will have to be repaid by any graduate that goes on to play football at a senior level representing a country other than Australia, in international competition.
National Soccer League.
The AIS fielded teams in the former National Soccer League's youth competition. Within that competition it was placed in the Northern Division. The AIS won three titles, in 1986, 1998 and 1999.
Victorian Premier League.
The men's program had previously entered a team in the New South Wales Premier League competition in 2005. In 2007 the AIS entered a team into the Victorian Premier League. This would allow regular, weekly competitive matches that were lacking for previous scholarship holders. As part of their inclusion as the only non-Victorian team in the VPL competition, all 'home' fixtures were played in Victoria for the 2007 season. The side struggled for consistency throughout the season, finishing 12th on the ladder, however great benefit was reportedly gained from the participation in a men's competition. In 2008 the men's program team continued to participate in the Victorian Premier League, improving from the previous year as the AIS finished 8th on the ladder. AIS home games were also played in Canberra, while some high profile matches which includes the Round 21 match between the AIS and the Preston Lions FC was played in Country Victoria at Rumbalara Oval, Shepparton. This was designed to promote the competition and bring the top state league competition to new areas.
However the men's program team will cease to compete in the Victorian Premier League competition for 2009, as the AIS program will be designed to accommodate younger players, hence eliminating the need to compete in a senior men's competition.
National Youth League.
On 3 July 2009 it was announced the AIS would compete in the National Youth League.
Past squads.
Players noted in Bold went on to play for the Socceroos.
Notable alumni.
"Players with 10 caps or more for their country"

</doc>
<doc id="2880019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880019" title="SN 2005bc">
SN 2005bc

SN 2005bc was a Type Ia supernova occurring in the Barred spiral galaxy NGC 5698 in the constellation of Boötes. SN 2005bc was discovered on 2 April 2005 by LOSS and independently by Tim Puckett and L. Cox.
Discovery.
The supernova was at magnitude 16.4 at discovery, and quickly rose to a peak magnitude of around 15.3 (in visible light) just over a week after discovery. By mid-May, the supernova had faded to 17th magnitude.
The host galaxy, NGC 5698, along with the supernova lie approximately 200 million light-years (~60 million parsecs) from Earth. This puts the absolute magnitude of the supernova at around −18.6 at maximum, rather faint for a Type Ia event.
As the supernova was of Type Ia, its progenitor star was a White Dwarf star which exceeded the Chandrasekhar limit.
Below is an image of SN 2005bc and NGC 5698 taken just over a week after peak brightness.

</doc>
<doc id="2880032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880032" title="Karel Plíhal">
Karel Plíhal

Karel Plíhal (born August 23, 1958 in Přerov) is a Czech folk and jazz musician, singer, songwriter and record producer.
He graduated from the Industrial College of Engineering and then worked as a designer and boilerman in the Olomouc theatre, finally becoming a singer (even though he had no formal musical education). He has played the guitar since he was 15 year old. First, he played in various underground country-swing bands in Olomouc: "Hučka", "Falešní hráči" and "Plíharmonyje". He produced his first solo album in 1983. Between 1985 and 1993, Plíhal worked with Emil Pospíšil, and from 1995 to 1999 he produced music with Petr Freund. He has also won four Porta folk music awards . His 2005 album "Karel Plíhal in Olomouc" was recorded in his home town in Moravia in a 2004 concert.
Plíhal has composed music for numerous productions at the Moravian Theatre in Olomouc, among others "Zlatovláska", "Sluha dvou pánů", "Utrpení Dona Perlimplína", "Manon Lescaut", "Cyrano", "Zimní pohádka", "Pašije" and "Giroflé-Giroflá". He has set music to a few of Josef Kainar's poems, and he has directed recording for albums by artists such as Jarek Nohavica, Petr Fiala, Eben brothers and Bokomara band.
He starred as himself in Petr Zelenka's mockumentary Year of the Devil.

</doc>
<doc id="2880043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880043" title="Rho Arietis">
Rho Arietis

The Bayer designation Rho Arietis (ρ Ari / ρ Arietis) is shared by three stars in the constellation of Aries:
In some instances, ρ³ Arietis is called simply ρ Arietis.

</doc>
<doc id="2880045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880045" title="United States v. Seeger">
United States v. Seeger

United States v. Seeger, 380 U.S. 163 (1965), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court ruled that the exemption from the military draft for conscientious objectors could not be reserved only for those professing conformity with the moral directives of a supreme being, but also for those whose views on war derived from a "sincere and meaningful belief which occupies in the life of its possessor a place parallel to that filled by the God of those" who had routinely gotten the exemption.
The case resolved, on diverse but related grounds, three cases, each involving conviction for failure to accept induction into the armed forces on the part of someone who sought conscientious objector status without "belong to an orthodox religious sect". The accused, whose cases were otherwise unrelated, were Arno Sascha Jakobson, Forest Britt Peter, and Daniel Andrew Seeger; it was Seeger's case that gave its name to the multi-case decision.

</doc>
<doc id="2880062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880062" title="Petty authority">
Petty authority

Petty authority (or petty tyranny or petty power) is authority exercised by a leader, usually one unchosen by the led, in a relatively limited or an intimate environment, such as that exercised by a fellow peer of a social group. It is a pejorative term, that carries with it a sense of authority that was gained, or is used, in an unfair or capricious manner.
Ashforth (1994) proposed that following six characteristics to define petty tyranny:

</doc>
<doc id="2880063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880063" title="Toxicity (disambiguation)">
Toxicity (disambiguation)

Toxicity is a measure of the degree to which something is toxic or poisonous. For related concepts, see:
Toxicity may also refer to:
Toxic may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2880073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880073" title="Ludgeřovice">
Ludgeřovice

Ludgeřovice (, 1939-45: "Ludgerstal", ) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of Hlučín micro-region. It has around 4,600 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2880075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880075" title="Inspector Clouseau (film)">
Inspector Clouseau (film)

Inspector Clouseau is a 1968 United Artists feature film, the third in the "Pink Panther" film series. It was directed by Bud Yorkin, written by Frank Waldman and Tom Waldman and stars Alan Arkin as Inspector Clouseau. It was filmed by Mirisch Films at MGM-British Studios Borehamwood and Europe.
When the series resumed with "The Return of the Pink Panther" (1975), costume design and elements of Arkin's performance were retained when Peter Sellers took back the role. Frank Waldman and Tom Waldman also make their debut writing the series. Frank Waldman would co-write "The Return of the Pink Panther", "The Pink Panther Strikes Again", "Revenge of the Pink Panther", and "Trail of the Pink Panther". Tom Waldman would co-write "Trail" with Frank.
"Inspector Clouseau" does not feature Sellers, was not directed by Blake Edwards, and did not have a score by Henry Mancini. All three were involved at that time with the film "The Party". The Mirisch Company wanted to proceed with this film, so when Sellers and Edwards declined to participate, Mirisch decided to proceed without them. The film languished in obscurity and although it has been released to home video on VHS and DVD, was not included in 2004's "Pink Panther Collection" but was later added to the "Ultimate" collection released in 2008.
Synopsis.
An organized crime wave strikes across Europe. Suspecting a mole within Scotland Yard, the Prime Minister brings Clouseau in to solve the case. Clouseau foils two assassination attempts but is subsequently kidnapped. The gang uses him to make masks of his face which they later use to commit a series of daring bank robberies across Switzerland. Eventually, Clouseau foils the plot and unmasks the traitor within the Yard.
Cast.
Cast notes.
In addition to the title role, Arkin also played the members of the gang whenever they were disguised as Clouseau, with the other actors' voices dubbed onto the soundtrack.
Production.
Following the two successful previous Inspector Clouseau films, Blake Edwards and Peter Sellers vowed never to work together again. Producer Walter Mirisch was interested in a third Clouseau film, but Sellers repeatedly refused the role. Following Alan Arkin's success in "The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming", Mirisch asked Arkin if he would fill the role vacated by Sellers. Blake Edwards turned down the director's chores so Mirisch found Bud Yorkin. Just prior to shooting, Sellers contacted Mirisch stating that only he could play the role and would, if he himself approved the script. Mirisch turned him down. 
The film was produced by Louis Rachmil as one of Mirisch Films United Kingdom's film company qualifying for Eady Levy funds. Location scenes for "Inspector Clouseau" were shot in Europe.
The animated opening credits were done by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, using their character design of The Inspector from the series of short cartoons under that title. (DePatie Freleng also animated the Pink Panther cartoon shorts, as well as the opening credit sequences for most of the Edwards-Sellers Clouseau films.)
Miscellany.
In the scene where Clouseau is being chased through the cemetery after falling in the plot and disrupting the funeral, you can see a sign on a cross in the lower right part of the screen for a few seconds. The sign reads "Reposite En Pace: Norman Lear, 1903-1962". Norman Lear — very much alive at the time of this production — was director Bud Yorkin's partner in Tandem Productions in the early '60s, and would collaborate with Yorkin for many years on television shows as "All in the Family" () and "Sanford and Son" ().

</doc>
<doc id="2880080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880080" title="Budaka District">
Budaka District

Budaka District is a district in Eastern Uganda. It is named after Budaka, its 'chief town', where the district headquarters are located.
Location.
Budaka district is bordered by Pallisa District to the north, Mbale District to the east, Butaleja District to the south and Kibuku District to the west. Budaka, where the district headquarters are located, lies approximately , by road, west of Mbale, the largest city in the sub-region. The coordinates of the district are:01 00N, 33 54E.
Overview.
The district was created by Act of Parliament and became operational on 1 July 2005. Formerly part of Pallisa District, Budaka District was created out of the former "Budaka County". It consists of the following seven sub-counties: 1. Budaka Sub-County 2. Iki-Iki Sub-County 3. Naboa Sub-County 4. Lyama Sub-County 5. Kaderuna Sub-County 6. Kamonkoli Sub-County and 7. Kameruka Sub-County. The district has one town council, Budaka.
Budaka District covers a total area of . It lies at an altitude between and above sea level. The district is densely populated and as of 2012, has an estimated average population density of .
Population.
In 1991, the national population census estimated the population of the district at about 100,300. The 2002 national census estimated the population of the district at approximately 136,500, with an annual population growth rate of 2.8%. In 2012, the population of Budaka District was estimated at approximately 178,900. The predominant ethnicity in the district are the Bagwere. The table below illustrates how the population in the district has grown during the first decade in the 2000s. All numbers are estimates.
Economic activities.
Crop agriculture is the main economic activity in the district, occupying 86% of the population according to the 2002 national census. The main crops grown include:
In 2009, a tile and brick manufacturing plant was been opened at Kamonkoli by Uganda Clays Limited. The factory employs over 200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="2880082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880082" title="Love, Inc. (TV series)">
Love, Inc. (TV series)

Love, Inc. is an American sitcom that began airing on UPN on September 22, 2005 until May 11, 2006. In its first and only season, it was aired right after "Everybody Hates Chris". It was created by Andrew Secunda a former writer at "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and "Saturday TV Funhouse", who performs frequently at the UCB Theatre. "Love, Inc." was based on an article written by Elana Berkowitz in "The New York Times". It was one of the many sitcoms canceled due to The WB and UPN becoming the The CW network.
Every episode title (except the pilot episode) references the name of a television show (e.g. "Three's Company", "Living Single"). The shows title was also inspired by a Canadian Dance music act of the same name. The shows original title was "Wing Woman".
Plot.
A group of savvy matchmakers at a full-service dating consulting firm help single men and women present the best image possible to just the right prospects, while they all continue to grapple with their own romantic struggles and entanglements. 
The staff of "Love, Inc." takes pride in their success as full-service dating consultants. Leading the team is owner and founder of Love, Inc., Clea (Holly Robinson Peete). After her marriage of nine years falls apart, she now finds herself thrust into the dating world once again. Denise Johnson (Busy Philipps), an energetic, pragmatic, young woman who helps Clea make the company a success, is skilled at helping her clients find their seemingly unattainable soulmates, yet struggles with her inability to find true love. Making the hip busy offices run smoothly is Francine (Reagan Gomez-Preston), who in addition to being an excellent wingwoman, has a great sense of fashion style and encourages her clients to trust it. Rounding out the staff is Viviana (Ion Overman), a quick-witted and sharp tongued receptionist, and Barry (Vince Vieluf), a wingman whose quirky ways and comments always stun everyone.
These modern day wingwomen and wingmen work day and night to bring desperately seeking singles together to make beautiful relationships. Privately, they continue to find their own love; by simple compatibility or chance.
Cast.
Shannen Doherty was originally going to be a part of the show but then she was dropped after UPN picked up the pilot for the show.

</doc>
<doc id="2880092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880092" title="Board of Education of Kiryas Joel Village School District v. Grumet">
Board of Education of Kiryas Joel Village School District v. Grumet

Board of Education of Kiryas Joel Village School District v. Grumet, 512 U.S. 687 (1994), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court ruled on the constitutionality of a school district created with boundaries that matched that of a religious community.
Opinion of the court.
The court, in an opinion by Justice Souter, held that the creation of a school district unit of government designed to coincide with the neighborhood boundaries of a religious group constitutes an unconstitutional aid to religion. Souter concluded that "government should not prefer one religion to another, or religion to irreligion." "There is more than a fine line between the voluntary association that leads to a political community comprising people who share a common religious faith, and the forced separation that occurs when the government draws explicit political boundaries on the basis of peoples'
faith. In creating the district in question, New York crossed that line."
Dissent.
Justice Scalia, in his dissent, acknowledged that the residents of this district are Satmars, but noted of the Satmar community:
ll its residents also wear unusual dress, have unusual civic customs, and have not much to do with people who are culturally different from them ... On what basis does Justice Souter conclude that it is the theological distinctiveness rather than the cultural distinctiveness that was the basis for New York State's decision? The normal assumption would be that it was the latter, since it was not theology but dress, language, and cultural alienation that posed the educational problem for the children.
Scalia argued that the Satmar school district aided the Satmars as a culture rather than a religion, and thus did not constitute impermissible aid to a religious group. The majority, Scalia asserted, would "laud this humanitarian legislation if all of the distinctiveness of the students of Kiryas Joel were attributable to the fact that their parents were nonreligious commune dwellers, or American Indians, or Gypsies," and concluded that "creation of a special, one-culture school district for the benefit of those children would pose no problem. The neutrality demanded by the Religion Clauses requires the same indulgence towards cultural characteristics that are accompanied by religious belief."

</doc>
<doc id="2880099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880099" title="Elton Welsby">
Elton Welsby

Roger Elton Welsby (born 28 May 1951, St Helens, Lancashire) is an English television sports presenter.
The ITV years.
Welsby began his broadcasting career on Liverpool radio station "Radio City" as a sports reporter and commentator. In January 1978 he joined Granada Television, working on its football programme "The Kick Off Match" and presented its 1980s successor "Match Night" until its demise in 1983. When Granada revived "Kick Off" in 1989, Welsby returned as presenter.
He was one of the anchors of the 1988 Seoul Olympics, the last Olympic Games to be covered by the network, and also presented the Saturday afternoon "Results Service" from the late 1980s onwards.
At the start of the 1988-89 season, ITV began broadcasting exclusive live coverage of the Football League. It was the task of future BBC Director-General Greg Dyke to oversee the coverage and he entrusted Welsby as presenter of "The Match", anchoring numerous dramatic matches over the next four years-most notably Arsenal's 2-0 win against Liverpool in the last game of the season which saw the Gunners snatch a last minute winner at Anfield.
The loss of top flight football to Sky Sports in 1992 hit ITV Sport hard, and Welsby's final work for ITV was as an anchorman at the 1992 European Championships. He was absent from the network's coverage of the 1994 FIFA World Cup, which saw newcomer Matthew Lorenzo do much of the presenting, and the imminent arrival of Bob Wilson pushed Welsby further down the football presenting pecking order on ITV. Despite these apparent setbacks, Welsby managed to consistently out perform fellow anchor Jim Rosenthal in 'best of' polls conducted in the Manchester area.
Welsby continued to present regional sports programming for Granada Television until May 2000 when the station decided not to renew his contract. No explanation was given for the decision.
Welsby has occasionally returned as a guest on the "Granada Soccer Night" programme, and in 2001 he returned to radio to present "Elton Welsby's Soccer Saturday" for North-West regional station Century FM - a role he held for three years.
Other work.
Welsby was the final presenter of British gameshow "Busman's Holiday" following on from Julian Pettifer and Sarah Kennedy. He is regularly involved in corporate and charity work, and is known for his close association with the "Zoe's Place" children's hospice. 
Welsby is nowadays rarely involved in sports presenting, although he has recently been seen presenting Crown Green Bowls for Sky Sports. In recent times, Welsby has toured the country with Ricky Tomlinson in the theatre tour, "An Evening with Ricky Tomlinson", where he interviews Tomlinson in character as Jim Royle.
Cultural references.
Welsby is name-checked by the Birkenhead band Half Man Half Biscuit in the song "A Country Practice", found on their 1998 album "Four Lads Who Shook the Wirral".
Welsby is referred to in Episode 4 of the BBC Radio 4 show "Knowing Me, Knowing You with Alan Partridge", where fictional impressionist Steve Thompson mockingly calls presenter Alan Partridge "the non-thinking man's Elton Welsby".
Football manager Sam Allardyce, currently of West Ham United, has a framed picture of him on his desk next to a some flowers from Sir Alex Ferguson.
Welsby briefly played lead guitar for Liverpool band, Cecil, during permament member, Patrick Harrison's recovery from metatarsical arthritis or 'clawhand'.

</doc>
<doc id="2880100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880100" title="Naomi Long Madgett">
Naomi Long Madgett

Naomi Long Madgett (born July 5, 1923) is an African-American poet, born Naomi Cornelia Long in Norfolk, Virginia. Madgett was a teacher and an award-winning poet, and she is also the senior editor of Lotus Press, a publisher of poetry books by black poets.
Life and work.
Madgett was the daughter of a Baptist minister, and spent her childhood in East Orange, New Jersey. She began writing at an early age. While living in New Jersey, she went to an integrated school, where she faced racism.
In 1937, her family moved to St. Louis, where Madgett was encouraged to write while attending high school. She read a wide range of content, from both white and black writers, from Aesop's fables and Robert T. Kerlin's anthology "Negro Poets and Their Poems" to Romantic and Victorian English poets such as John Keats, William Wordsworth, and Alfred Tennyson.
At the age of 17 Naomi published her first book of poetry, "Songs to a Phantom Nightingale", a few days after graduating from high school.
She attended Virginia State College (now Virginia State University), and graduated in 1945 with a bachelor of arts degree.
Madgett married and moved to Detroit, where she worked for the "Michigan Chronicle" and gave birth to a daughter, Jill, in 1947. While living in Detroit, Madgett became a teacher in the Detroit public school system. Her poem "Midway," from her collection "One and the Many", attracted wide attention as it portrayed black people's struggles, and victories, in a time when racism was prevalent in the United States. In 1955, she graduated from Wayne State University with a M.Ed.
In the 1960s, Madgett taught the first black literary course in the Detroit public school system. In 1968, she became a teacher in creative writing and black literature at Eastern Michigan University, where she taught until her retirement in 1984.
Some of Madgett's poems have been set up as songs and publicly performed.

</doc>
<doc id="2880101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880101" title="Markvartovice">
Markvartovice

Markvartovice () is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. The area where it lies is called Hlučínsko and spreads from the Opava River to the border with Poland. It has 1,812 inhabitants (2006) and it is covering an area of 678 ha. 
The first historic written note appeared in 1377 saying that the village was the property of the copse in the service of princes of Opava Hanuš and Mikuláš. During the following centuries the town was an important seat of Bzenec knights.
According to the Austrian census of 1910 the village had 455 inhabitants, 455 of whom had permanent residence there. Census asked people for their native language, 221 (48.6%) were German-speaking and 234 (51.4%) were Czech-speaking. Most populous religious group were Roman Catholics with 455 (100%).
The most significant monument of the town is an early baroque chapel from the second half of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2880103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880103" title="Mu Arietis">
Mu Arietis

Mu Arietis (μ Ari, μ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star system in the northern constellation of Aries. It is approximately distant from Earth, give or take a 30 light-year margin of error, and has a combined apparent visual magnitude of 5.74. According to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, this means it is faintly visible to the naked eye from dark suburban skies.
At the heart of this system is a close orbiting pair consisting of a magnitude 6.38 A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A0 Vp and a magnitude 8.38 F-type main sequence companion with a classification of F2 V. These two components have an angular separation of 0.04 arcseconds. A third component, consisting of a magnitude 6.72 star with a classification of A1 V, is orbiting the inner pair with a period of 8.845 years and an eccentricity of 0.34. A smaller fourth component, at an angular separation of 19.1 arcseconds, has a magnitude of 12.2.

</doc>
<doc id="2880106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880106" title="Windom, Minneapolis">
Windom, Minneapolis

The Windom neighborhood is located in the Southwest community of Minneapolis. Its borders are Diamond Lake Road and West 54th Street to the north, Interstate 35W to the east, West 62nd Street (Highway 62) to the south, and Lyndale Avenue South and Highway 121 to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="2880109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880109" title="Eliot Porter">
Eliot Porter

Eliot Furness Porter (December 6, 1901 – November 2, 1990) was an American photographer best known for his color photographs of nature.
Early life.
An amateur photographer since childhood, when he photographed the Great Spruce Head Island owned by his family, Porter earned degrees in chemical engineering and medicine, and worked as a biochemical researcher at Harvard University.
Career.
Around 1930 he was introduced to Ansel Adams by a friend of the family and to Alfred Stieglitz by his brother Fairfield Porter. Stieglitz continued to critique Porter’s black and white work, now taken with a small Linhof view camera. In 1938, Stieglitz showed Porter's work in his New York City gallery. The exhibit's success prompted Porter to leave Harvard and pursue photography full-time. In the 1940s, he began working in color with Eastman Kodak's new dye transfer process, a technique Porter would use his entire career.
Porter's reputation increased following the publication of his 1962 book, "In Wildness Is the Preservation of the World". Published by the Sierra Club, the book featured Porter's color nature studies of the New England woods and quotes by Henry David Thoreau. A best-seller, several editions of the book have been printed. Porter served as a director of the Sierra Club from 1965 to 1971. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1971.
Porter traveled extensively to photograph ecologically important and culturally significant places. He published books of photographs from Glen Canyon in Utah, Maine, Baja California, Galápagos Islands, Antarctica, East Africa, and Iceland. His cultural studies included Mexico, Egypt, China, Czechoslovakia, and ancient Greek sites. His book on Glen Canyon, "The Place No One Knew", memorialized the canyon's appearance before its inundation by the Lake Powell reservoir.
James Gleick’s book "" (1987) caused Porter to reexamine his work in the context of chaos theory. They collaborated on a project published in 1990 as "Nature's Chaos," which combined his photographs with a new essay by Gleick. Porter died in Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1990 and bequeathed his personal archive to the Amon Carter Museum in Fort Worth, Texas.
Personal life.
Porter was also a friend of Stieglitz's wife, the painter Georgia O'Keeffe, who accompanied him on several camping expeditions including a rough raft trip down the Colorado River in 1961.
Eliot Porter's brother, Fairfield, was a realist painter and art critic. His brother-in-law, Michael W. Straus, was a commissioner of the United States Bureau of Reclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="2880111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880111" title="Koboko District">
Koboko District

Koboko District is a district in Northern Uganda. The district is named after its 'chief town', Koboko, where the district headquarters are located.
Location.
Koboko District is bordered by South Sudan to the north, Yumbe District to the east, Maracha District to the south and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west. The district headquarters at Koboko are located approximately , by road, north of Arua, the largest town in the sub-region. This location lies approximately , by road, northwest of Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country. The coordinates of the district are:03 25N, 30 58E.
Overview.
Koboko District was established on 1 July 2005 by the Ugandan Parliament. Before that it was part of Arua District. Koboko District consists of one county, five sub-counties (LC3's), forty three parishes (LC2's) and three hundred and two villages (LC1s). The district has one Urban Council namely, Koboko Town Council.
Koboko District consists mainly of flat rolling plains between and , above sea level. There are isolated undulating hills mainly in the northern and western parts of the district. The district covers a total land area of , of which about 12% is forest. Over 88% of the land is arable and suitable for agriculture.
Population.
In 1991, the national population census estimated the district population at 62,300. The 2002 national census estimated the population of Koboko District at 129,100 of whom 65,400 (50.6%) were females and 63,800 (49.4%) were males. The annual population growth rate of the district, between 2002 and 2012, was calculated at 6.4%. In 2012, the population in the district at approximately 236,900. The table below illustrates the population growth in the district during the first decade of the 21st century. All numbers are estimates.
Economic activities.
Like in most Ugandan districts, subsistence agriculture and animal husbandry are the main economic activities in the district. The crops grown include the following:
Livestock raised in the district includes cattle, goats, sheep and poultry.
Landmarks.
Koboko district is the location of tripoint, where the International borders of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, South Sudan and the Republic of Uganda intersect. The coordinates of that location are: 03 29 36N, 30 51 32E (Latitude:3.49334; Longitude:30.85890).

</doc>
<doc id="2880114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880114" title="St. Peter's Secondary School (Peterborough)">
St. Peter's Secondary School (Peterborough)

St. Peter Catholic Secondary School is an urban high school located in Peterborough, Ontario. The school is administered by the Peterborough Victoria Northumberland and Clarington Catholic District School Board. The school is built for 1400 students from Grade 9 to 12. The school principal is Mrs . Sherry Davis ( September 2013 -) . St. Peter Catholic Secondary Scholl is within the Diocese of Peterborough, under the Bishop Nicola De Angelis.
'"
History"'
The Beginning
The school opened its doors at its original location on Reid Street in Peterborough on September 2, 1914 with 59 students. On June 8, 1916, Bishop O'Brien received word from the Department of Education that students would be permitted to write Departmental Examinations, that is, Entrance to Normal School and Junior Matriculation Examinations. Previously, the Department of Education was not in favour of Catholic School teaching beyond the Fifth form, which corresponded to our Grades Nine and Ten and to which limit the Government of Ontario made grants to Separate Schools.
As the enrollment increased, teachers were added to the staff. Sister St. John (McQuarrie) was transferred from the elementary section to the secondary school during the 1914-1915 school year. Sister M. Lucretia (Foley) was appointed to the staff in 1916. In 1918, Father Michael O'Brien was appointed to teach science. He has been sent after ordination to Rome to study for a doctorate, but returned to his diocese after eighteen months for reasons of health.
Until 1921 all pupils in First and Second Forms (Grades Nine and Ten) were required to write Departmental Examinations each year: Canadian History, English Grammar, Botany, Geography, Art Zoology, Physiography, and Arithmetic. At this time, Second Form pupils could write a special examination in Latin (Departmental).
The School Grows-The Twenties
On September 5, 1922, the first Fifth Form, sometimes called Upper School and presently called OAC Level was inaugurated. The class was accommodated in the teachers' or reading room on the second floor.
Teachers on the staff in the early twenties were Sister Patricia, Sister Alexis (Nolan), Sister Lucretia, Sister Josepha (Black), Sister Helen (Greenan), Sister Giovanni (Young), Sister Rita (Connolly), Sister St. Ivan (Rose), Sister Paula (Holland) and Miss Mary Ann O'Connell.
In the days of Sister Patricia's principalship, St. Patrick's Day was the occasion of the observance of her feast day. At nine o'clock, pupils of the elementary and secondary school classes assembled in the first floor corridor and on the wide stairs. After the singing of "Hibernia's Patron Saint, All Hail", presentations of spiritual bouquets and gifts were made to Sister Patricia. The gifts were usually furnishings for her office.
Bishop O'Brien played a very important role in the life of the school. Unless he was absent from the city, he and Sister Patricia stood on the main floor landing over-looking the stairs as elementary pupils marched to their classrooms to the music of an orchestra provided by secondary school students. He would then go to a classroom where Fourth and Fifth Forms were combined for his class in religion, a study of the New Testament
This custom was followed by his successor, Bishop Denis O'Connor. It was Bishop O'Brien's custom to give out reports to all secondary school classes. In the early years of the secondary school these reports were prepared monthly. When teachers complained that the frequency of examinations gave little time for teaching, the distribution of report cards was reduced to four times a year.
The Thirties"'
In 1930 Sister Patricia relinquished her duties as Principal, a position she had held for seventeen years. She was succeeded by a long-time assistant on her staff, Sister M. Lucretia. By 1932 the registration had reached a total of 263. In a period of nine years, thirty graduates had commenced studies for the priesthood and twenty young women had entered religious communities, chiefly the Community of the Sisters of St. Joseph.
The Forties
The continued growth of St. Peter's Secondary School demanded and expansion of facilities. In the fall of 1944, Bishop MacDonald inaugurated a High School Fund Campaign, which was launched under the Chairmanship of F.J. Overend and which produced the sum of $165,097, from three city parishes. In April 1945 a High School Board was formed with three appointees by the Bishop and a representative of each city parish.
Until 1945 the staff of St. Peter's Secondary School was composed of Sisters of St. Joseph with one or two exceptions. In 1945 Father James Houlihan, a graduate of the school, was appointed to the staff; in September of the following year Father John Coughlan joined the staff, and in 1949, Father John Maskey became the third diocesan priest to teach at St. Peter's.
The Fifties
By September, 1951, the enrollment had reached 331 and for the first time in history there were no elementary classes in the school. Classes were accommodated in four different buildings. Father James Houlihan was loaned to the Peterborough Separate School Board as Secretary-Treasurer. Father Leo Leahy was appointed to the staff. In the following year, Sister Lucretia resigned as Principal and Father John Coughlan succeeded her.
On March 24, 1952 Bishop Berry announced a Diocesan Expansion Program which included a new private secondary school building. In April he presented his plan for the new school to cost $225,000, including a heating plant to serve the new and old schools. The new building would provide eight standard classrooms, one library, two laboratories, two commercial classrooms, two offices and one assembly room. The old school was designated to accommodate pupils of Grades Nine and Ten.
Building the "Senior" Secondary School began in 1953. On January 24, 1954, Bishop Berry laid the corner-stone of the Downie Street school. This was his last official act before leaving for installation as Archbishop of Halifax. At the opening of the new school on October 23, 1955 a wood carving, "Christ in the Temple" executed by Dora de Pedery Hunt of Toronto was unveiled in the library as a tribute to Sister Lucretia who had served for twenty-five years as Principal. During 1954, two changes of major significance were made in the operation of the school. Sister Marion, a long time staff member, was appointed Principal of the Junior High School Division, Grades Nine and Ten. Bishop Webster appointed a High School Board with a representative from each of five city parishes and one from each Ennismore, Douro, Otonabee and Lakefield.
The Sixties
Until 1960, pupils attending St. Peter's Secondary School were not charged for tuition, the expense of operation of the school being borne by the city parishes and those adjoining the city. On June 29, 1960, Bishop Webster announced that fees for pupils attending Grades Eleven, Twelve and Thirteen would be charged. Grades Nine and Ten were financed by local taxation and government grants.
In June 1961, Sister Marion retired as Principal of the Junior High School and Father John Coughlan assumed the principalship by both schools. In November of that year Bishop Webster blessed and eleven room addition to the original "red brick" St. Peter's costing $105,000.
The Seventies
Father Coughlan, as Principal of St. Peter's Secondary School, played an important role in the establishment of Trent University. He was a member of the Founding Fund Committee and Vice-President of the Board of Directors' Executive Committee. Father Coughlan resigned in 1967 and was succeeded as Principal by Frank Burke for one year, by Paul de Souza from 1968 to 1974 and by Robert O'Rouke, a former student and staff member, from 1974 - 1980. In the fall of 1973, a classroom on the ground floor of the Downie Street Building was transformed into a chapel which served as a centre for class masses, prayer services and individual spiritual response for the next twenty years. St. Peter's entered its sixty-first year of operation in 1974 with a staff of forty-one and a student enrollment of 745.
In September 1976, a Ways and Means Committee was set up to examine ways to keep the Senior School open. Those who served on this committee: Monsignor O'Donoghue, Monsignor Wise, Charles Cavilla, Frank Flynn, Sister Angela Guiry, Mrs. Pauline Kylie, Gerald McMurray, Michael O'Brien, James O'Connor and Robert O'Rouke represented the efforts of so many determined to preserve Catholic secondary school education in Peterborough. The lottery 100 effort along, chaired by Peter Moore, raised between 1976 and 1986, a sum of $1,025,414. Despite internal financial problems, student generosity to community needs never flagged. In the fall of 1977, St. Peter's Secondary School won the Shinerama Trophy for the fourth consecutive year, presented for raising the most money for the Cystic Fibrosis Association. The school year 1976-1977 was marked by the performance of the last football team at St. Peter's until it was reorganized in September 1995. In years to come, achievements would be noted in many other sports including soccer, basketball, hockey and track and field. In September 1979, for the first time, students looked forward to gaining a full credit for grade nine and ten religion.
The Eighties and Nineties
In 1980, Clement Bruder was appointed Principal. Financial problems continued to plague the school. The following year staff agreed to contribute the equivalent of one additional teacher to support the senior school. The fall of 1982 marked the establishment of "St. Peter's Alumni and Friends" under the direction of Father Bill Russell. This group was organized to raise sufficient capital funds to generate at least $100,000 a year to balance the budget of the senior school. Bishop Doyle spoke of the sacrifices necessary to preserve the dream of continuing Catholic Secondary Education in Peterborough and his challenge was met with a warm, optimistic responses from all parts of the community. Project after project, from cookbooks to spice sets, to a student Dance-a-Thon raising $10,000, proceeded successfully climaxing with an Alumni Homecoming Weekend held in May 1983 to mark the seventieth birthday of St. Peter's Secondary School.
At this time, St. Peter's reorganized its scheduling to a full credit semester system. The first computer course was offered in 1984 to 160 eager students, and teachers "went to class" to learn computer basics. The resource centre became more than a library-designed to help students obtain and use information and work effectively in independent study assignments. The new Ontario Secondary School Diploma came into effect.
It was into this setting of continued growth and financial strain that Premier William Davis announced, in the Ontario Legislature on June 12, 1984, his government's support of full funding. Senior students were able to walk into classes in September 1985, without the burden of tuition fees. Bishop Doyle dissolved the Senior High School Board of Governors and the Separate School Board assumed full responsibility for St. Peter's Secondary School.
Ministry initiatives to have St. Peter's students split their population or take over another city school were firmly rejected by parents and students. The quest had begun for a new school building and, in 1988, the Liberal Government of Premier Peterson announced that St. Peter's would receive a new 1400 pupil place school for September 1992.
With this assurance of an equitable future, enrollment and staff grew so that portable and port-a-pac classrooms jammed the properties on Reid Street; Brock Street was closed; students went to St. Mary's for drama, to Kenner for technical studies and Trent University for physical education. The last year on Reid Street involved 1201 students and 77 teachers in the school community.
In September 1992, the new school, build on 19 acres of land previously owned by the Sisters of St. Joseph, began a new chapter in the continued association between St. Peter's and the Sisters.
In June 1996 Clement Bruder retired and John Mackle was appointed Principal. On September 3, 1996 St. Peter's Secondary School began classes with 1,804 students, marking its 84th year of excellence in Catholic Secondary School education.

</doc>
<doc id="2880123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880123" title="Cerro Rico">
Cerro Rico

Cerro Rico (also called Cerro de Potosí, Quechua Sumac Orcko) is a mountain in the Andes near the Bolivian city of Potosí. Cerro Rico was famous for providing vast quantities of silver for Spain during the period of the New World Spanish Empire. The mountain, which is popularly conceived of as being "made of" silver ore, caused the city of Potosí to become one of the largest cities in the New World. After 1800, the silver mines were depleted, making tin the main product. This eventually led to a slow economic decline. Nevertheless, the mountain continues to be mined for silver to this day. Due to poor worker conditions (lack of protective equipment from the constant inhalation of dust), the miners still have a short life expectancy with most of them contracting silicosis and dying around 40 years of age. The mountain is still a significant contributor to the city's economy, employing some 15,000 miners.
It's known as 'mountain that eats men' because of the large amount of slaves who died in the mines. Some historians estimate that up to 8 million men have died in the Cerro Rico since the 16th century.
As a result of centuries long mining, in 2011 a sinkhole in the top appeared and had to be filled with ultra-light cement. The summit also continues to sink a few centimetres every year. In 2014, UNESCO added Cerro Rico and Potosí to its list of endangered sites, owing to "uncontrolled mining operations" that risk "degrading the site".
Mine.
The Cerro Rico de Potosí mine is one of the largest silver mines in Bolivia and in the world. The mine is located in the south of the country in Potosí Department. The mine has estimated reserves of 1.76 billion oz of silver and 540 million tonnes of ore grading 0.17% tin.

</doc>
<doc id="2880125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880125" title="Ostara (magazine)">
Ostara (magazine)

Ostara or Ostara, Briefbücherei der Blonden und Mannesrechtler (""Ostara", newsletter of the blonde and masculists") was a German nationalist magazine founded in 1905 by the occultist Lanz von Liebenfels in Vienna, Austria, and in which he published anti-semitic and "völkisch" theories.
Lanz derived the name of the publication from the reconstructed Old High German goddess name "*Ôstarâ". Lanz claimed that the Ostrogoths and the nation of Austria (German: "Österreich") were matronymically named after this goddess. In his study of Lanz von Liebenfels, the Austrian psychologist Wilfried Daim states that this claim by von Liebenfels is "most likely this is even greater nonsense".
According to von Liebenfels, the magazine had a peak circulation of 100,000 and appeared in three series; the first series included 100 (or 89?) issues between 1905 and 1917, the second series had only one issue, and the third series included 20 issues published between 1927 and 1930.
After Hitler's rise to prominence in the 1920s, Lanz tried to be recognized as one of his ideological precursors. In the preface of issue one in the 3. series of "Ostara", c. 1927, he wrote: 
Hitler, however, refused to acknowledge any debt to Lanz and his paper. After Austria was annexed by Nazi Germany in 1938, Lanz hoped for Hitler's patronage, but Hitler banned him from publishing his writings, and most notably copies of "Ostara" were removed from circulation. After the war, Lanz accused Hitler of having not only stolen but corrupted his idea, and also of being of "inferior racial stock".

</doc>
<doc id="2880130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880130" title="Šilheřovice">
Šilheřovice

Šilheřovice () is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of the Hlučínsko micro-region of Czech Silesia, located about northeast of Hlučín at the border with Poland. The municipality has about 1,500 inhabitants. 
Šilheřovice was first mentioned in a 1377 deed, when it was part of the Silesian Duchy of Opava. With Hlučínsko it was annexed by Prussia after the First Silesian War in 1742. In 1787 the Prussian noble Friedrich von Eichendorff purchased the estates and had a Neoclassical castle built, where his young nephew Joseph von Eichendorff spent several vacations. In 1846 Schillersdorf Castle was acquired by Salomon Mayer von Rothschild, progenitor of the Rothschild banking family of Austria, while in 1920 the Hlučínsko region, that had formerly belonged to the Prussian Province of Silesia, was adjudicated to Czechoslovakia according to the terms of the Treaty of Versailles.

</doc>
<doc id="2880137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880137" title="Tau1 Arietis">
Tau1 Arietis

Tau1 Arietis (τ1 Ari, τ1 Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a triple star system in the northern constellation of Aries. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 6.41 mas, it is approximately distant from Earth. The combined apparent visual magnitude is 5.27, making it faintly visible to the naked eye.
The inner pair form an eclipsing binary system, with the brightness of the pair decreasing by 0.06 in magnitude during an eclipse of the primary. The third component is located at an angular separation of 0.810 arcseconds and has a magnitude of 8.17. The primary component is a subgiant star with a stellar classification of B5 IV. It has around 3.5 times the size of the Sun with five times the Sun's radius.
This system is a member of the Cas-Tau OB association of stars that share a common motion through space.

</doc>
<doc id="2880139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880139" title="Tau2 Arietis">
Tau2 Arietis

Tau2 Arietis (τ2 Ari, τ2 Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the northern constellation on Aries. The combined apparent visual magnitude of this system is +5.09, which is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye. With an annual parallax shift of 10.27 mas, it is located at a distance of approximately from Earth, give or take a 20 light-year margin of error. At this distance the brightness of the star is diminished by 0.18 in magnitude because of extinction from interstellar gas and dust.
The primary component is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of K3 III. It has expanded to 19 times the radius of the Sun, from which it is radiating 120 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is being emitted into outer space from the outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 4,406 K, giving it the cool orange glow of a K-type star. At an angular separation of 0.53 arcseconds is a magnitude 8.50 companion.

</doc>
<doc id="2880143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880143" title="Mandara">
Mandara

Mandara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2880144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880144" title="Nicholas Van Dyke">
Nicholas Van Dyke

Nicholas Van Dyke is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2880146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880146" title="Darkovice">
Darkovice

Darkovice () is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has about 1,200 inhabitants. 
Village history starts in the 13th century when the Czech king made a present to the Cistercian monastery in Velehrad. By this act on 18 December 1250 the small village became a property of the monastery. This is the first written mention of the existence of Darkovice. Soon there appeared a new village near Darkovice, called Žibřidovice and between them the oldest pond with a mill in the county of Opava. Unfortunately, after the death of the King Přemysl Otakar II, the whole situation in the Czech kingdom changed. During the war Žibřidovice ceased to exist and the number of inhabitants in Darkovice dropped rapidly.
The situation did not change till the Opavian duke Mikuláš II named a king's delegate, Prešek, to rebuilt Darkovice. Colonization followed and Prešek managed to settle 14 fields with new inhabitants. He received two fields as a reward. Darkovice was placed under the administration of the castle Landek and had to pay an annual fee. Then another Opavian duke Kazimír Těšínský
attached Darkovice to Hlučín. But sons of Štěpán z Vrbna split this heritage in the year 1568. By this act, the village became a part of the possession of Karel z Vrbna.
Against the wishes of Opavian dukes Darkovice was given to Jesuits in Opava in 1673. Their task was to perform violent recatholization. During this time 27 persons lived in servitude; of these 21 were peasants and one was an independent miller. A pond and farm belonged to the Jesuits. They overburdened peasants and the result was series of rebellions in 1734.
The village shared troubles with Šilheřovice possession from the 17th century. The Šilheřovice county, as well as Darkovice were associated to Prussia in 1742 and the servitude was abolished in 1823 (25 years earlier than in the rest of the Czech Kingdom). This event was celebrated by building a chapel. Even though the village belonged to Jesuits for a long time, the school was not founded until 1867.
After affixing to ČSR, area of the village was 514 ha, there lived 989 inhabitants, there were 148 houses, three pubs and two shops.
From 1979 to 1991 was the village was annexed to Hlučín, but from 1991 Darkovice have been independent again. There now live 1235 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2880149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880149" title="Scientific Working Group">
Scientific Working Group

Since the early 1990s, American and International forensic science laboratories and practitioners have collaborated in Scientific Working Groups (SWGs) to improve discipline practices and build consensus standards. In 2014, the SWGs are being reorganized under the NIST Organization for Scientific Area Committees (OSAC) (organization chart).
As of January 2012, active SWGs included the following:
Each SWG includes scientists working within the focus field. Although a couple the above-listed SWGs have only American members, most also have international members. Federal, state or local government forensic laboratory scientists are the most common SWG members, but many SWGs also include other experts such as private laboratory scientists, academia, independent consultants, attorneys and judges. 
Most SWGs have public websites with discipline-specific resources including approved and draft for comment standards, best practices guidelines and related documents.

</doc>
<doc id="2880152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880152" title="Omicron Arietis">
Omicron Arietis

Omicron Arietis (ο Ari, ο Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is distant from Earth. This star has an apparent visual magnitude of +5.78, which means it is dimly visible to the naked eye.
This is a B-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of B9 Vn. The 'n' suffix indicates that it has nebulous absorption lines in its spectrum, which are caused by the Doppler effect and rapid rotation. Indeed, it has a projected rotational velocity of 225 km/s.

</doc>
<doc id="2880155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880155" title="UIP (disambiguation)">
UIP (disambiguation)

UIP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2880160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880160" title="Maktub">
Maktub

Maktub is a Seattle, Washington-based music group formed in the late 1990s that combines elements of hip-hop, rhythm and blues, soul, and funk, with a sprinkling of jazz and rock.
History.
Maktub was formed in 1996 when Davis Martin called Reggie Watts, a student at the Cornish College of the Arts at the time, to come jam with Kevin Goldman, Alex Veley, and himself. After only 5 minutes of jamming, the band hit it off, and by day's end wrote their first song. After realizing their potential, the four planned to commit to each other, calling themselves "Maktub". According to their website, "Maktub" is an Arabic word that Reggie got from Paulo Coelho's novel "The Alchemist", which translates to, "it is written", or, "destiny".
In August 1999, they released their first album, "Subtle Ways". There was an immediate response as the album hit number one on KCMU and later on the soul and urban charts at MP3.com and earned them "Best R&B Album" at the Northwest Music Awards". After they released the album, Alex Veley decided to leave the group to pursue other projects.
In 2000, the group added a new sound to their music by recruiting Thaddeus Turner on guitar and Daniel Spils as their new keyboard player. With the new members of the band, they began recording demos with a handheld MiniDisc and small button microphone.
In 2001 they recorded "Khronos" in only two weeks. A year later (2002), after selling more than 20,000 copies, Velour Music in New York took notice of their success and re-released "Khronos" nationally. With this new national recognition, they embarked on a six-month tour in 2003, traveling all around the United States. Upon their return to Seattle, they begin to write new songs and record new demos, most of which are done with their minidisc recorder and single button microphone.
In 2004, they recorded their third album, "Say What You Mean". The album was released in April, 2005 and was followed by a three-month tour around the continental United States.
2007 saw the anticipated release of "Start It Over". This album marked a new trend in the band's deeper interaction with its followers. It was funded by the members of their fan club, M.A.R.C. 7.

</doc>
<doc id="2880170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880170" title="Southwest, Minneapolis">
Southwest, Minneapolis

The Southwest community consists of the following neighborhoods: Linden Hills, East Harriet, Kingfield, Fulton, Lynnhurst, Tangletown, Armatage, Kenny, and Windom. This portion of Minneapolis contains many parks and trails along Lake Harriet and Minnehaha Creek. 

</doc>
<doc id="2880171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880171" title="Jerome &quot;J-Square&quot; Jones">
Jerome &quot;J-Square&quot; Jones

Jerome “J-Square” Jones (born 1968) is a New York based African-American poet, writer, playwright, speaker and publisher. Choosing to focus on contemporary issues and writing with a hip hop influenced rhythm, J-Square, as he is known in the poetry scene, considers his work to be “political/social commentary, with tinge of satire." Jerome has been featured at various venues such as the Apollo Theater, S.O.B.’s, The Cherry Lane Theatre and The Nuyorican Poets Café among others. 
He is co-writer, co-producer and performer of the critically acclaimed multi media spoken word play, "No Good Nigga Bluez": "Poems and Tales of Black Men in a Post-Civil Rights America" along with Mo Beasley, which has been featured in the 2003 NYC International Fringe Festival as well as the 2003 and 2004 Congressional Black Caucus. He has also featured at many colleges and universities across the country.
In 1998, he wrote his first book, "Screams From Below The Brain". In 2001, he wrote and performed the one man show, "While Being Dragged From A Truck, I Wrote This Poem." In 2003, he co-created Scripted Linguistics Publishing, LLC which, in 2004, published "No Good Nigga Bluez" (the book form of the live show. The book is co-authored with (Mo Beasley).
Jerome is currently working on his next book of poetry, "Made In America", which he looks to publish in 2006. He also conducts a bi-weekly interview session called Writer’s BLOCK on his web site.

</doc>
<doc id="2880191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880191" title="Chlebičov">
Chlebičov

Chlebičov () is a village in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 1,050 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2880193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880193" title="September of My Years">
September of My Years

September of My Years is a 1965 studio album by American singer Frank Sinatra, released on Reprise Records in August 1965 on LP and October 1986 on CD. The orchestral arrangements are by Gordon Jenkins, their fifth album collaboration. It peaked at #5 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
Background.
Sinatra was to turn 50 years old in December 1965, and the release of this album along with "A Man and His Music" and "Strangers in the Night" marked a surge of popularity in his music. Both "September of My Years" and "A Man and His Music" won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. CBS television cameras were rolling the night Sinatra recorded "It Was a Very Good Year". The edited result was included in a Walter Cronkite CBS News special about the singer's 50th birthday, broadcast on November 16, 1965.
Sinatra's performance of "It Was a Very Good Year" won the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Performance, Male, at the Grammy Awards of 1966. Arranger Gordon Jenkins was awarded the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s) for the same song. This was the first album Sinatra and Jenkins had recorded together since 1962's "All Alone". Jenkins and Sinatra would next work together on the 1980 album "".
The album was remastered for compact disc and released on May 26, 1998, as part of the Entertainer of the Century series done together by Reprise and Capitol Records. That version is currently out of print. Concord Records reissued the album again, newly remastered on compact disc, on August 31, 2010. This version includes two bonus tracks, a live performance of "This Is All I Ask" from Carnegie Hall on June 12, 1984, and the single mix of "How Old Am I?" released three years later in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="2880206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880206" title="Eli Langer">
Eli Langer

Eli Langer (born 1967 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian visual artist. Langer rose to prominence in 1993, while 26 years old, in the Toronto art world with a solo exhibition at the Mercer Union Gallery in Toronto. The exhibition consisted of 8 paintings and 50 drawings addressing various issues of childhood sexuality. Toronto police raided the exhibition under Canada's new child pornography legislation and seized 5 paintings and 35 drawings. This event and ensuing media coverage created a national debate over the reach of law and freedom of expression.
1993 art show.
A press release prior to the show opening suggests the curators knew the material could be controversial: 
"Langer's work focuses on the tender and often abject aspects of sexuality and intimacy. His images are largely informed by intuitive personal and social drives, exploring the phenomenon of intimacy where it exists without the compensation of social or cultural consent. In this series of paintings and drawings, Langer often boldly develops a sexual ambiguity that inadvertently addresses our cultural taboos and the formation of morality."
Langer's exhibition at the Mercer coincided with the addition of section 163.1 (the "Child Pornography" section) to the Canadian Criminal Code. The new section of the Criminal Code forbids any depiction of a person under the age of 18 engaged in an explicit sexual activity or for a sexual purpose. The law makes no distinction between works of the imagination and works that are based on reality. Langer and the director of the Mercer Union Gallery were arrested by Toronto police, but ultimately the paintings were the only things put on trial.
Well-known figures of the Canadian art community participated in the trial in Langer's defence, including Michael Snow, Avrom Isaacs (gallerist), Dennis Reid (former curator of the National Gallery of Canada), and Ronald Bloore (late artist). They testified that the works exhibited at the Mercer Union had "artistic merit" (a defence provided by s. 163.1 of the Criminal Code). Ultimately the works were exonerated and returned to Langer. 
A witness for the Crown prosecuting the case, the late artist Ronald Bloore was no stranger to censorship of the arts in Canada. In 1965 his wife, Toronto gallery owner Dorothy Cameron, had been charged and prosecuted in relation to an exhibition of art at her gallery and the results had been catastrophic for her. Eli Langer remembers the apparent willingness of Bloore to testify against his art as being strange, but at trial Ronald Bloore turned the leading questions of the Crown against them, citing the state censorship of the Nazis and calling Langer's artwork "marvellous." Taken aback by the trojan horse witness, the Crown called a recess. Ronald Bloore was greeted by an elated Eli Langer and his mother Pearl, and told them, ""I've waited 27 years to get these bastards for what they did to my wife!"" To this day Langer believes the difficulty of his trial was worth it for the poetic justice done by Ronald Bloore.
Langer's legal victory led to reinterpretation of 'prior restraint' to prevent inexperienced police officers from again using an easily obtained "tele-warrant" to carry out similar raids on art exhibitions. Obtaining a warrant now requires the stricter scrutiny of experienced judges.
Current artistic career.
His difficult personal experience at the centre of the media sensationalism and legal interpretations of his practice at the time did not long interrupt his interests and development as an artist. He claims that the event was a culmination of testing the boundaries of moral and creative conventions and that the event briefly made art and freedom of expression a household topic across Canada. 
According to Langer, his art practice developed beyond the morality issue fight-picking he did as a younger painter and with which he exhausted his willingness for dealing with legal and moralistic entities. He adds that he moved on, seeking clarity and distance from the event and clearing the way for a 'more substantive articulation of ideas and art making practice'.
He has shown painting and other works in international exhibitions none of which referred to the art or controversy of the Mercer Union show or subsequent trial.
On January 18, 2008, Langer had his third solo show at Daniel Hug Gallery in Los Angeles.
Langer taught painting in both the undergraduate and graduate program at UCLA in 2009. He continues to paint and exhibit internationally..

</doc>
<doc id="2880207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880207" title="New Forest (UK Parliament constituency)">
New Forest (UK Parliament constituency)

New Forest was a county constituency in Hampshire which elected one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It was first created under the Redistribution of Seats Act for the 1885 general election, and was abolished for the 1918 general election, when it was partially replaced by the New Forest and Christchurch constituency.
The New Forest constituency was re-established for the 1950 general election, and existed until its abolition for the 1997 general election, when the New Forest East and New Forest West constituencies were created.
Boundaries.
1974-1983: The rural districts of New Forest and Ringwood and Fordingbridge.
1983-1997:

</doc>
<doc id="2880213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880213" title="United States v. Ballard">
United States v. Ballard

United States v. Ballard, 322 U.S. 78 (1944), was an appeal of the conviction of two leaders of the new religious "I AM" Activity movement for fraudulently seeking and collecting donations on the basis of religious claims that the defendants themselves did not believe. The United States Supreme Court held that the question of whether the defendants' claims about their religious experiences were actually true should not have been submitted to a jury. The Court arrived at this conclusion in part because the "freedom of religious belief... embraces the right to maintain theories of life and of death and of the hereafter which are rank heresy to followers of the orthodox faiths." However, the Court did not address the issue of whether the sincerity of the defendants' beliefs was a proper question for the jury.
Justice Robert H. Jackson, dissenting, would have gone even farther, suggesting that the entire case should be dismissed for coming too close to being an investigation into the truth of a religious conviction. He would have held unconstitutional a jury determination of whether the defendants' religious beliefs were sincere, as well as whether they were true.
Prior history.
After Guy Ballard's death, his wife and son were indicted for 18 counts of fraud. The indictment charged that the Ballards fraudulently collected over $3 million from their followers on the basis of religious claims the Ballards knew were false. Their followers protested outside the courthouse.
The District Court instructed the jury to convict if they found that the Ballards did not have a good faith belief in their religious claims. The Ballards were convicted.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturned the conviction and granted a new trial, declaring that the District Court erred in restricting the issue to whether the defendants had a good faith belief in their claims. The government appealed to the Supreme Court.
Decision.
Majority opinion.
The majority opinion reversed the decision of the Court of Appeals and remanded the case to that court, ruling that the question of the truth or falsity of the beliefs had been rightly withheld from the jury. There was no ruling on the propriety of the jury instructions regarding the sincerity of the defendants' beliefs. In his majority opinion, Justice Douglas wrote:
The religious views espoused by respondents might seem incredible, if not preposterous, to most people. But if those doctrines are subject to trial before a jury charged with finding their truth or falsity, then the same can be don with the religious beliefs of any sect. When the triers of fact undertake that task, they enter a forbidden domain. The First Amendment does not select any one group or any one type of religion for preferred treatment. It puts them all in that position.
Chief Justice Stone's dissent.
Chief Justice Stone, dissenting, argued that the question of truthfulness was appropriate for the jury:
I am not prepared to say that the constitutional guarantee of freedom of religion affords immunity from criminal prosecution for the fraudulent procurement of money by false statements as to one's religious experiences, more than it renders polygamy or libel immune from criminal prosecution... I cannot say that freedom of thought and worship includes freedom to procure money by making knowingly false statements about one's religious experiences.
Justice Jackson's dissent.
Justice Jackson dissented because he believed that the First Amendment foreclosed inquiry into both the truthfulness of the defendants' religious claims and their sincerity. He would have dismissed the case entirely for being too close to a religious persecution:
I should say the defendants have done just that for which they are indicted. If I might agree to their conviction without creating a precedent, I cheerfully would do so. I can see in their teachings nothing but humbug, untainted by any trace of truth. But that does not dispose of the constitutional question whether misrepresentation of religious experience or belief is prosecutable; it rather emphasizes the danger of such prosecutions.
Prosecutions of this character easily could degenerate into religious persecution.
I would dismiss the indictment and have done with this business of judicially examining other people's faiths.
All schools of religious thought make enormous assumptions, generally on the basis of revelations authenticated by some sign or miracle.
Some who profess belief in the Bible read literally what others read as allegory or metaphor, as they read Aesop's fables.
If we try religious sincerity severed from religious verity, we isolate the dispute from the very considerations which, in common experience, provide its most reliable answer.
William James, who wrote on these matters as a scientist, reminds us that it is not theology and ceremonies which keep religion going. Its vitality is in the religious experiences of many people. "If you ask what these experiences are, they are conversations with the unseen, voices and visions, responses to prayer, changes of heart, deliverances from fear, inflowings of help, assurances of support, whenever certain persons set their own internal attitude in certain appropriate ways."
If religious liberty includes, as it must, the right to communicate such experiences to others, it seems to me an impossible task for juries to separate fancied ones from real ones, dreams from happenings, and hallucinations from true clairvoyance. Such experiences, like some tones and colors, have existence for one, but none at all for another. They cannot be verified to the minds of those whose field of consciousness does not include religious insight. When one comes to trial which turns on any aspect of religious belief or representation, unbelievers among his judges are likely not to understand, and are almost certain not to believe, him.
Subsequent history.
On remand to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit the original conviction was affirmed without rehearing by the Court of Appeals. The defendants once again petitioned for a writ of certiorari and it was once again granted, this time on the issue of women being excluded from grand jury and the trial jury. The Supreme Court ruled in favor of the defendants and dismissed the indictment as well as the subsequent conviction.

</doc>
<doc id="2880215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880215" title="Kazimieras G. Prapuolenis">
Kazimieras G. Prapuolenis

Kazimieras G. Prapuolenis, or Kaz (born 1959, Hoboken, New Jersey), is an American cartoonist and illustrator. In the 1980s, after attending New York City's School of the Visual Arts, he was a frequent contributor to the comic anthologies "RAW" and "Weirdo". Since 1992, he has drawn "Underworld", an adult-themed syndicated comic strip that appears in many alternative weeklies.
Kaz's comics and drawings have appeared in many alternative and mainstream publications including "Details", "The New Yorker", "Nickelodeon Magazine", "The Village Voice", "The East Village Eye", "Swank", "RAW", "SF Bay Guardian", "Eclipse", "N.Y. Rocker", "New York Press", "Screw" and "Bridal Guide". He has continued to contribute to comics anthologies such as "Zero Zero".
Kaz has also worked on several animated television shows including "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Camp Lazlo" and is currently working on "Phineas and Ferb". With Derek Drymon, Kaz co-wrote pilot episode for the forthcoming "Diggs Tailwagger". In September, 2006, Kaz left "Camp Lazlo" to work on another pilot for a Cartoon Network show, "Zoot Rumpus", based on a character from "Underworld".[http://www.kazunderworld.com/archive/703.html]
Kaz lives in Hollywood, California, with his spouse Linda Marotta.

</doc>
<doc id="2880221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880221" title="La Lunatica">
La Lunatica

La Lunatica is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics comic book "X-Men 2099". During the majority of the series, she is a member of the future version of X-Men led by Xi'an Chi Xan and later her lover Tim Fitzgerald (Skullfire). La Lunatica is a Hispanic mutant with the ability to feed on the memories of pain and suffering of her victims through tactile interaction, thereby increasing her own strength and durability. She has white skin and red eyes, reminiscent of albinism as well as elongated canine teeth. Her name is translated into Spanish as the feminine form of "the lunatic".
Fictional character biography.
La Lunatica's earliest appearance shows her working for the Theatre of Pain, an illegal operation led by the villainous Brimstone Love where innocents were captured and tortured as entertainment. Her direct superior was Controller 13, who kept Luna under control through a special collar. For ten years prior to her debut Luna hunted down individuals for the Theatre and used her power to trigger traumatic memories in them, which were recorded. She first appears and captures Bloodhawk, taking him to the Theatre's "Darkroom", run by her superior, Controller 13. She then finds Skullfire, Krystalin, and Meanstreak on their way to New York and abducts them. She uses her vampiric touch first on Skullfire, making him relive one of the early manifestations of his power which caused the death of his girlfriend, Reiko. This trauma triggers his mutant ability to absorb and discharge latent energies, which destroys the darkroom and disables the collar that keeps Luna indentured to the Theatre. She takes advantage of this to incapacitate Controller 13 and escape.
Luna takes to the road, hiding from agents of the Theatre who are intent on getting her back. On the road she finds Junkpile comatose in a transport and saves him. She hires him as a bodyguard to protect her from the theatre and heads to El Paso. On the way she runs into Skullfire again, this time traveling with Xi'an, who had recently abandoned his post as leader of the X-Men. After an initial scuffle, she convinces Tim that she was forced to harm him by the Theatre and the two form a strange bond. Together with Xi'an and Junkpile they travel to the hideout of a mutant known as The Driver, where they are attacked by Brimstone Love, the head of the Theatre of Pain. Skullfire and Junkpile prove ineffective against Brimstone, however he lets Luna go this time, because he led her to Xi'an, who joins the Theatre.
With Xi'an gone and Junkpile defeated Tim decides to return to the other X-Men and lead them against the Theatre. Luna follows but is not well received by Meanstreak who leaves and eventually goes to Las Vegas with Halloween Jack.
Soon after, Tim called together the other X-Men, who had mostly scattered since Xi'an's defection, to raid the Theatre's Floodgate facility in California. Luna, Tim and Cerebra attempted to sneak in with the genetic outcasts that came to Floodgate, but are quickly discovered. The Theatre's female bloodsport fighters, the Norns, knock out Tim, throwing him into a waste disposal tube and drag Luna to Brimstone, who fits her with a new obedience collar. This doesn't last, as Tim escapes the disposal cell and quickly shorts out the collar. Together with the newly arrived Meanstreak, Bloodhawk and Krystalin, they interrupt Xi'an's debut Theatre performance. As the others keep Brimstone at bay, Luna uses her vampirism on Xi'an, shocking him back to his former moral self. The rest of the Theatre retreats and the X-Men leave victorious.
Luna, now considered a full fledged X-Man, travels with the team to Halo City, a mutant city-state created by Doom, self-imposed President of the U.S., as a safe haven for the genetically oppressed. The X-Men are made the protectorate of the city. Not long after taking the position, Halo is attacked by the Graverobber, a mutant who can resurrect the dead as zombies, and his group of Undead (which includes former X-Man Serpentina). At the first skirmish with the Undead, Skullfire is killed and later resurrected. This takes a large toll on Luna, who becomes irrational and ends up nearly beaten to death by a "Colossus-esque" member of the undead. Upon his defeat, the Graverobber's revived fighters lose their renewed life and die once again, with the exception of Tim, who inexplicably returns to life.
At some time during their stay at Halo City, Luna is one of the X-Men who visit the Oasis, a paradise created by Ryu Kobolt, a past friend of Cerebra. Kobolt had built the Oasis to bring together a chosen few downtrodded citizens, who would be put into cryogenic stasis for 250 years, during which time a barrage of chemical warheads would destroy all other life on the planet. Luna, along with Skullfire, Cerebra and Bloodhawk, stop this plan and destroy Kobolt and the Oasis. As this was a bookshelf edition standalone story it is not entirely clear where it fits into the storyline. However, it is inferred to be after they arrive in Halo city but before Shakti leave the team.
Luna is next seen helping the residents of Halo City escape as it is flooded by the melting polar ice caps. She helps the others fight Vulcann and his prodigy, known as the Darkson, the artificially aged child of Freakshow member Rosa Vasquez. Darkson destroys Skullfire's body, killing him again and captures the others. Luna and the rest are freed by Xi'an and Shakti, and quickly defeat Vulcann. Darkson attacks, distraught over his missing "father" but is subdued by a strange energy being, who reveals himself to be Skullfire, whose mutation had evolved him into a being of pure energy. Rather than go to be with other beings like himself, he decides to stay with Luna, his love, as they retreat to higher ground, namely the Savage Land. While Tim is with Luna as the series ends, he does not appear in the follow up series and his absence is never resolved. 
Once in the Savage Land, Luna, along with Nostromo, Willow and several other heroes form part of an expedition team into the jungles to make them inhabitable. Along the way they stumble upon an alien space craft and become trapped inside of it. Willow shapeshifts into one of the previous alien owners of the ship to allow them to escape, but she becomes trapped in that form. With the alien mind taking over, La Lunatica slams her into the water to protect the rest of the group. Nostromo dives in after her and succeeds in subduing her feral persona and returning her to normal but he does not resurface. Luna dives after him, but only finds a strange cocoon at the bottom. Nostromo "hatches" as a full Phalanx form and some of President Doom's operatives arrive to bring the boy to Doom. Their teammate, Winn, is revealed to be part of the Phallanx as well and takes Nostromo to Latveria. Luna and the others retreat to the surface, where they fight one of the Phallanx Dread Nodes, as it attempts to assimilate the Savage Land. Upon the defeat of the Phallanx, Luna is seen as humans and mutants alike begin building the first living quarters of this new civilization. The 2099 imprint is then cancelled.
Powers and abilities.
Able to feed off traumatic, and often repressed memories and emotions to increase her physical abilities to incredible levels, making her extremely strong and superhumanly fast, so much so that she was able to outmaneuver Meanstreak, the 2099 equivalent of Quicksilver who possesses super-speed. She also demonstrates a superhuman resistance to injury.
Family.
Luna is said to be a blood relative of Brimstone Love, the sadistic head of the Theatre of Pain. While this storyline was never fully explored before the book's cancellation, it was heavily inferred by the characters, including Brimstone Love, Book, and the bloodsmith Vulcann.

</doc>
<doc id="2880223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880223" title="New Forest and Christchurch (UK Parliament constituency)">
New Forest and Christchurch (UK Parliament constituency)

New Forest and Christchurch was a county constituency in Hampshire which elected one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was created for the 1918 general election, partially replacing the previous New Forest constituency, and was abolished for the 1950 general election, when it was partially replaced by a recreated New Forest constituency.
Members of Parliament.
Elections in the 1930s.
General Election 1939/40:
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1940. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the Autumn of 1939, the following candidates had been selected; 

</doc>
<doc id="2880229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880229" title="Jeremiah Weed">
Jeremiah Weed

Jeremiah Weed is the name for a brand of bourbon whiskey-based products. The Jeremiah Weed brand is owned and marketed by Diageo.
Range.
These include a 90 proof blended whiskey distilled in Kentucky, and a bourbon-based 100-proof liqueur manufactured in Connecticut. In 2011, Jeremiah Weed entered the flavored malt beverages market with five blends, three marketed in the U.S. and two in the UK. The U.S.-market blends are 5.8% ABV, and the UK-market blends are 4.0% ABV. 
In 2009, Jeremiah Weed introduced a blend of flavored vodka, Southern Style Sweet Tea, followed in 2010 by a lemonade blend called Half and Half. 2011 saw the introduction of three flavored malt beverages (a category sometimes referred to as alcopop) — Lightning Lemonade, Roadhouse Tea, and Spiked Cola.
Also in 2011, Jeremiah Weed launched two Brews into the UK: Jeremiah Weed Sour Mash Brew which has a bourbon taste and Jeremiah Weed Root Brew which has a ginger taste.
Promotion.
Gary Jules produced a song titled "Jeremiah Weed" in 1998. The brand has also been promoted by the folk rock band Dos Gringos in their 2003 song, "Jeremiah Weed." Ohio folk singer Eric Nassau has also performed a song with the same title in 2008. 
Jeremiah Weed was promoted extensively by The Adam Carolla Podcast. American Southern rock band ZZ Top is also a current promoter of the brand, as shown in a video on Jeremiah Weed's YouTube page.
In 2012, Jeremiah Weed released its first TV commercial, "Alligator" exclusively in the United Kingdom. It was directed by The General Assembly (directors) in Los Angeles. The spot features a real 7-foot alligator.
In 2013, Diageo changed the advertising of Jeremiah Weed in the UK, including the Alligator advert to describe the product as a cider. 

</doc>
<doc id="2880235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880235" title="Hať">
Hať

Hať, formerly "Haš" () is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 2,500 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2880242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880242" title="Epicotyl">
Epicotyl

In plant physiology, the epicotyl is the embryonic shoot above the cotyledons. In most plants the epicotyl will eventually develop into the leaves of the plant. In dicots, the hypocotyl is what appears to be the base stem under the spent withered cotyledons, and the shoot just above that is the epicotyl. In monocot plants, the first shoot that emerges from the ground or from the seed is the epicotyl, from which the first shoots and leaves emerge.
In sunflower seedlings, the difference between epicotyl and hypocotyl can be seen from the parts of the stem divided by the first pair of leaves. Here the stem above the cotyledons is covered in tiny hairs whereas the region of stem below (hypocotyl) is smooth.
Lengthening of the epicotyl is thought to be controlled by the phytochrome photoreceptors.

</doc>
<doc id="2880246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880246" title="Scientific Working Group – Bloodstain Pattern Analysis">
Scientific Working Group – Bloodstain Pattern Analysis

The Scientific Working Group on Bloodstain Pattern Analysis (SWGSTAIN) was created in March 2002 at a meeting held by the FBI Laboratory at the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia. It was decided that there was enough interest in bloodstain pattern analysis (BPA) to warrant the creation of the Scientific Working Group (SWG). According to the guidelines for organizing a SWG, the Scientific Working Group on Bloodstain Pattern Analysis (SWGSTAIN) generated and ratified a set of bylaws in accordance to the Scientific Working Groups published in "Forensic Science Communications" (July 2002).
SWGSTAIN has nationally and internationally recognized bloodstain pattern analysts, several of whom are members of the International Association of Bloodstain Pattern Analysts (IABPA). The experts come from various areas including law enforcement, federal, state and local laboratories, the private sector, and academia. They also come from various countries including United States, Canada, England, and the Netherlands.
In 2004, the various sub-committees were discussing and drafting proposals in the following areas:
SWGSTAIN meets twice a year at the FBI Academy in Quantico. They have an American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors (ASCLD) representative.
Executive board.
The SWGSTAIN Executive Board consists of eight members:

</doc>
<doc id="2880254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880254" title="Adolf Beck case">
Adolf Beck case

The Adolf Beck case was a notorious incidence of wrongful conviction by mistaken identity, brought about by unreliable methods of identification, erroneous (though probably sincere) eyewitness testimony, and a rush to convict the accused. As one of the most famous causes célèbres of its time, the case led to the creation of the English Court of Criminal Appeal in 1907.
Biographical background.
Adolf (or Adolph) Beck was born in Norway in 1841, and educated as a chemist. However, he went to sea soon afterwards and moved to England in 1865, working as a clerk to a shipping broker. In 1868 he moved to South America, where he made a living for a while as a singer, then became a shipbroker, and also engaged in buying and selling houses. He soon amassed a considerable amount of savings, at one time earning 8,000 pounds as commission for a sale of a Spanish concession in the Galapagos Islands. He returned to England in 1885 and engaged in various financial schemes, including an investment in a copper mine in Norway. Unfortunately the mine did not turn a profit, and he poured in more and more money until he had to put the mine up for sale. There were no takers and he was reduced to near-poverty. He was also in debt to the hotel in Covent Garden where he lived, had borrowed money from his secretary, and was chronically short of money. Nevertheless, he tried to keep up appearances by dressing in a frock coat and top hat whenever he went out, even though they had become threadbare.
Arrest.
On 16 December 1895 Beck was stepping out of the front door of 135 Victoria Street (or 139, according to at least one account) when a woman blocked his way. She accused him of having tricked her out of two watches and several rings. Beck brushed her aside and crossed the road. When the woman followed him he complained to a policeman that he was being followed by a prostitute who had accosted him. The woman demanded his arrest, accusing him of having swindled her three weeks earlier. The policeman took them both to the nearest police station, where the woman identified herself as Ottilie Meissonier, unmarried, and a language teacher. She alleged that she had been walking down Victoria Street when Beck approached her, tipping his hat and asking if she was Lady Everton. She said that dhe was not, but she was impressed by his gentlemanly manner and they struck up a conversation. According to her account, he introduced himself as "Lord Willoughby" and advised her that the flower show she was heading for was not worth visiting. He said that he knew horticulture because he had gardens on his Lincolnshire estate extensive enough to require six gardeners. Meissonier mentioned that she grew chrysanthemums, he asked her whether he might see them and she invited him to tea the following day.
At her home the next day he invited her to go to the French Riviera on his yacht. He insisted upon providing her with an elegant wardrobe for the voyage, wrote out a list of items for her and made out a cheque for 40 pounds to cover her purchases. Then he examined her wristwatch and rings, and asked her to let him have them so that he could match their sizes and replace them with more valuable pieces. After he left she discovered that a second watch was missing. Suspicious, she hurried to the bank to cash the cheque, only to find that it was worthless. She had been swindled and she swore that it was Adolf Beck who had done it. He was promptly arrested.
The inspector who was assigned to the case learned that in the previous two years twenty-two women had been defrauded by a grey-haired man who called himself "Lord Wilton de Willoughby" and used the same modus operandi as Beck's accuser had described. These women were asked to view a lineup that included Beck along with ten or fifteen men who had been selected randomly from the street. Because he was the only one with grey hair and a moustache he was quickly identified by the women as the man who had defrauded them.
Beck was charged with ten misdemeanours and four felonies. The felony charges were based on presumed prior convictions in 1877, when a man named John Smith had been sentenced to five years for swindling unattached women by using the name Lord Willoughby, writing worthless cheques and taking their jewelry. He had disappeared after his release. and it was assumed that Beck and Smith were one and the same. Descriptions of John Smith from prison files were never compared with the current appearance of Adolph Beck. 
At Beck's committal hearing, in late 1895, one of the policemen who had arrested Smith eighteen years before was called to testify. PC Elliss Spurrell gave his account as follows:
Beck protested and insisted that he could bring witnesses from South America to prove that he was there in 1877.
The Trial.
On 3 March 1896 Beck was brought to trial at the Old Bailey. The Crown was represented by Horace Edmund Avory, assisted by Guy Stephenson, while the defence was headed by an experienced barrister, Charles Gill, who was assisted by Percival Clarke. The Common Serjeant was Sir Forrest Fulton, who, as a prosecutor, had been responsible for sending John Smith to prison in 1877.
The defence's strategy was simple: mistaken identity. If they could prove that Beck was in South America at the time when John Smith was committing his crimes and went to prison for them, they could undermine the allegation that Adolph Beck was John Smith.
A handwriting expert named Thomas Gurrin compared the lists of clothing Smith had given his victims in 1877 to those written in 1894 and 1895, as well as to samples of Beck's handwriting. Gill thought that he would have his chance to prove mistaken identity when he cross-examined Gurrin. If Gurrin testified in court, as he had said previously, that the writing from 1877 was identical to that from 1894 and 1895, Gill could bring witnesses to show that Beck had been in Buenos Aires in 1877. Avory, foreseeing this tactic, asked the witness only about the later lists. Gurrin said that these had been written by Beck with a "disguised hand". Gill then asked Justice Fulton's permission to question Gurrin about the lists from 1877, but he ruled, in line with procedure in the English courts, that any earlier convictions of the defendant could not be mentioned in court until after the jury had given its verdict. 
Avory did not want to call Elliss Spurrell to give evidence because his testimony would have opened discussion of the past conviction, thereby allowing Gill the opportunity to cast doubt on Beck's guilt. Without Spurrell's testimony Avory could still prosecute Beck for the misdemeanours, which did not require proof of prior conviction. He chose not to proceed with the felony charges, despite the fact the prosecution was based wholly on the unstated premise that Adolph Beck and John Smith were the same person.
Avory brought Beck's alleged victims into court and one after another they pointed to Beck as the swindler. There were, however, occasional moments of doubt. One mentioned that the swindler talked differently from Beck, peppering his speech with "Yankee" slang. Ottilie Meissonier remembered that the swindler had a scar on the right side of his neck, but was otherwise convinced that Beck was the man. Another testified that his mustache was longer and was waxed.
Conviction and doubts.
On 5 March 1896 Adolf Beck was found guilty of fraud and was sentenced to seven years of penal servitude at Portland Convict Prison on the Isle of Portland. In prison he was given John Smith's old prison number, D 523, with the letter W added, indicating a repeat convict.
England did not yet have a court of criminal appeal, but between 1896 and 1901 Beck's solicitor presented ten petitions for re-examination of his case. His requests to see the prison's description of John Smith were repeatedly denied. However, in May 1898 an official at the Home Office looked at the Smith file and saw that Smith was Jewish and thus had been circumcised, while Beck was not. The Home Office asked Sir Forrest Fulton for his opinion of this new evidence. Fulton wrote a minute dated 13 May in which he acknowledged that Smith and Beck could not be the same person, but he added that even if Beck was not Smith, he was still the imposter of 1895, and that he viewed the South American alibi "with great suspicion." As a result the letter W was removed from Beck's prison number, but nothing else was done regarding the case.
While Beck remained in prison G.R. Sims, a journalist who worked for the "Daily Mail" and had known Beck since his return to England in 1885, wrote an article in the paper emphasising that Beck had been tried on the assumption that he and Smith were the same person, yet no evidence to support that assumption had been allowed by Judge Fulton. Public opinion was slowly swayed by Sims and others, including Arthur Conan Doyle, to the view that Beck's conviction was unjust. 
Beck was paroled in July 1901 for good behaviour.
Second arrest and conviction.
On 22 March 1904, a servant by the name of Paulina Scott filed a complaint that a grey-haired, distinguished looking man had accosted her on the street, paid compliments to her and then stolen her jewellery. The inspector who took the complaint was familiar with Beck's case and assumed he must be the culprit, so he sent Scott to the restaurant where Beck took his lunch. She did not recognize him but the inspector was undeterred by the woman's uncertainty and set a trap for him.
On 15 April 1904, as Beck left his flat, Scott ran up to him and accused him of defrauding her of her jewelry. Beck was horrified and denied the charge. Scott repeated her accusations and told him that someone was waiting to arrest him. He ran away in panic, but was caught immediately by the waiting police inspector, who arrested him at once. Beck's panicked flight reinforced the inspector's assumption regarding his guilt.
He was again put on trial on 27 June at the Old Bailey before Sir William Grantham. Five women identified him and, based on this positive identification, he was found guilty by the jury. The judge, however, was dissatisfied about the case and expressed some doubts regarding it. Despite assurances from the Home Office and the police of Beck's guilt, he decided to postpone sentencing. Ten days later the case was solved once and for all.
The truth about John Smith.
On a routine visit to the Tottenham Court Road police station on 7 July, Inspector John Kane of the Criminal Investigation Department was told of the arrest of a man who had tried to swindle some rings from a pair of unemployed actresses that afternoon and apprehended at a pawnshop. The detective was familiar with the Beck case, having been present at Beck's two trials and asked for details. The details fitted the usual pattern but the alleged culprit, Adolph Beck, was already in jail, awaiting sentencing.
The inspector went to the new prisoner's cell. It held a grey-haired man, approximately of Beck's height, with certain features which made him resemble Beck. However, Beck was younger and frailer in build, and this man had a scar on the right side of his neck, as Ottilie Meissoner remembered. The prisoner had given his name as William Thomas but the inspector, convinced that he was John Smith, informed Scotland Yard. Three of the five women who identified Beck in his second trial were brought in to confront Thomas and they quickly identified him as the swindler (the other two had gone abroad and thus were not present). Other women were brought in as well who also admitted their error in identifying Beck. When the man who had been John Smith's landlord in 1877 identified Thomas as his former tenant, the prisoner confessed his crimes.
"William Thomas" turned out to be as much an alias as "John Smith" had been, and he had two aliases as well, "William Wyatt" and "William Weiss". It was learned that his real name was Wilhelm Meyer, who was born in Vienna and had graduated from the University of Vienna. He studied leprosy in the Hawaiian Islands under Father Joseph Damien. He later became surgeon to the King of Hawaii and was engaged in growing coffee, and in various other businesses in the United States, even setting up practice as a physician in Adelaide before moving to London. Apparently he fell upon hard times when he stayed there, and turned to preying on women through fraud. When Beck was sent to prison in his place, Meyer had gone back to the United States and did not come back until 1903, apparently when he thought Beck had served out his sentence, and resumed his swindling until he was finally arrested. When brought to trial on 15 September, Wilhelm Meyer pled guilty to those offences.
Aftermath.
Adolf Beck was given a free pardon by the King on 29 July 1904 and in compensation for his false imprisonment was awarded £2,000, later raised to £5,000 due to public clamour, again due to G.R. Sims (about £300,000 today), but those who were responsible were the subject of public indignation.
Eventually a Committee of Inquiry was established, headed by the noted jurist and Master of the Rolls Sir Richard Henn Collins. It heard evidence from all those involved in the case, including Horace Avory and Sir Forrest Fulton. In its report, it concluded that Adolph Beck should not have been convicted in the first place due to the many errors made by the prosecution in presenting its case. The Committee also chastised Judge Fulton in his conduct on the case, as he should have given consideration to the 1877 case, more so because of his involvement with the 1877 case, which served to prejudice the proceedings against Beck. Furthermore, it criticized the Home Office for its indifference in acting on the case despite the fact that it had known since 1898 that Beck and Smith were not the same man. Instead, it sought to preserve the credibility of the judiciary rather than admit or correct its mistakes. It also stated that the omission of the prison authorities to state the fact of Smith's circumcision in the records of 1877 and 1881 was the primary cause of the miscarriage of justice.
As a direct result of the case, important reforms resulted, including the creation of the Court of Criminal Appeal. The case is still cited by judges in Commonwealth countries as a glaring example of how inaccurate eyewitness identification can be, and the extreme care with which juries must regard evidence of this kind. As for Adolf Beck, his exoneration brought him little consolation. He died a broken man of pleurisy and bronchitis in Middlesex Hospital on 7 December 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="2880266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880266" title="Healtheon">
Healtheon

Healtheon was a dot-com startup company, created in Silicon Valley by Dr. James H. Clark and Pavan Nigam. Healtheon's business plan was to streamline communication and paperwork in the United States health care system. They developed software that placed their company between physicians, patients, and health care institutions, eliminating unnecessary paperwork and facilitating networking and communication amongst the three.
History.
In mid-1995, Clark decided his next venture (after Netscape) should tackle the health care industry. Weeks after Netscape's historic IPO, a meeting of venture capitalists (from Kleiner-Perkins and New Enterprise Associates), physicians, and technologists was held at Netscape's offices in Mountain View, California to lay the groundwork for the company. No consensus emerged on the business model. Nevertheless, a group was assigned to write a business plan. Tellingly, the business plan was never written. Nevertheless, a company, called Healthscape, was formed in early 1996. When the domain name healthscape.com could not be acquired for a reasonable price, the name was changed to Healtheon. The early days of Healtheon were marked with strategic disarray. The initial team, consisting almost entirely of software engineers, set about building a scalable, secure, fail-safe platform that would host the company's later products. This was deemed essential, because, at that early point in the Internet boom, the idea of conducting business online was widely regarded as insecure, constrained, and failure-prone. The question of what healthcare services to build remained unsettled. An extensive collection of medical content was initially envisioned, but when no revenue opportunities could be identified, this was all but abandoned. Ultimately, the company tackled the administrative burdens faced by health plans. Healtheon attempted an initial IPO in July, 1998. This share offering was canceled after a skeptical article appeared in the Wall Street Journal. The company refiled and went public in February 1999. Healtheon's IPO consisted of 5 million shares priced at $8 each. With initial demand for over 40 million shares, Healtheon's price rose over 400% on the first day of trading; it was one of the most successful IPOs to date. The stock price peaked at more than $120 per share later that year, when a merger with Atlanta-based, Microsoft-backed WebMD was announced. The merged company was named Healtheon/WebMD, although Healtheon was the surviving corporate entity. Healtheon later changed its name to WebMD, but today the company operates under the name Emdeon.

</doc>
<doc id="2880278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880278" title="Elizabeth Rockefeller Strong">
Elizabeth Rockefeller Strong

Elizabeth "Bessie" Rockefeller (August 23, 1866 — November 14, 1906) was the eldest child of Standard Oil co-founder John Davison Rockefeller (1839—1937) and school teacher Laura Celestia "Cettie" Spelman (1839—1915). 
Bessie Rockefeller was a special student at Vassar College 1886—1888; Strong Hall. The school's first dormitory, was named in honor of Bessie in 1893 by her father who contributed $35,000 toward the expense of the construction. 
On March 22, 1889, she married philosopher and psychologist Charles Augustus Strong and had one daughter, Margaret Rockefeller Strong (1897—1985).

</doc>
<doc id="2880284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880284" title="Závada (Opava District)">
Závada (Opava District)

Závada is a village in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 600 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2880290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880290" title="Gutkeled">
Gutkeled

The Gutkeled (spelling variants: Gut-Keled, Guthkeled, Guth-Keled) was a family or clan (Latin "") of Hungarian nobles, to which a number of Hungarian noble families owe their ancestry.
The primary source of their origins is the Gesta Hungarorum of Simon of Kéza, in which the author writes: 
The castle "Stof" is assumed to be a corruption of "Stauf", meaning either castle Stauf in Staufen im Breisgau or the Hohenstaufen castle in Württemberg. The king mentioned is Péter Orseolo, placing the arrival of the Gutkeleds to Hungary sometime around the 1040s. 
Some of the Hungarian noble families descending from the Gutkeleds are:
Some notable members are:
External links.
One of the Guthkeled coat-of-arms, similar devices were later used by most of the families.

</doc>
<doc id="2880294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880294" title="Ruby in Paradise">
Ruby in Paradise

Ruby in Paradise is a 1993 film written, directed, and edited by Victor Nuñez, and starring Ashley Judd, Todd Field, Bentley Mitchum, Allison Dean, and Dorothy Lyman. It is a homage to "Northanger Abbey" by Jane Austen.
Synopsis.
Judd plays Ruby, the title character and narrator of the film. As the film begins, she is leaving Tennessee, landing in Panama City, Florida, a summer resort town she visited as a child. Although she arrives there in fall, at the beginning of the off-season, she gets a job at Chambers Beach Emporium, a souvenir store run by Mrs. Chambers (played by Lyman), overcoming the owner's initial rejection of her employment application by telling her "I've done retail before, and I work real cheap." Over the course of a year she keeps a journal (from which the film's narration is taken) and contemplates her career ups and downs, her love life, her past, and her future.
The film is a character study, proceeding at a leisurely pace with Ruby's introspective comments interspersed with routine scenes at the souvenir store or conversations with her friend Rochelle (played by Dean), or the men she dates (played by Field and Mitchum).
Production notes.
"Ruby in Paradise" was filmed on location in Panama City, Florida.
Reception and release.
The film received positive reception from mainstream critics. After the movie's theatrical run, the film was released on videocassette in 1994 by Republic and that same year in Canada by Cineplex Odeon. In 2008, Alliance Films released the movie on DVD in Canada.
Awards.
Together with "Public Access" it won the 1993 Grand Jury Prize for Drama at the Sundance Film Festival. Roger Ebert picked it as one of his Top Ten Films for the year. It also won an Independent Spirit Award for Judd as Best Female Lead. It was nominated for the Grand Prix of the Belgian Syndicate of Cinema Critics.

</doc>
<doc id="2880296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880296" title="Larry Norred">
Larry Norred

Larry Norred is a professional keyboardist, composer, arranger and former Vice-President of Production for Jenson Publications in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He has over 300 published arrangements for jazz ensemble, concert band, choral ensemble and marching band in distribution throughout the United States, Canada, the Far East and Europe.
While at Jenson in the early 1980s he designed the first totally integrated publishing software in use in a major music publisher. The system and the people who ran it, made possible the print production of over 2500 publications annually for Jenson Publications.
Norred's commercial jazz improvisation software, "Changes98" has been made available on the World Wide Web and is in use in scores of Junior High, High School and College jazz programs all over the world. 
He is an owner and managing editor for Jon Ross Music, LLC. He is one of the first graduates of Alfred Reed's Music Merchandising program at the University of Miami. He has been the editor for composers from Sammy Nestico to John Higgins and has worked with some of the best writers in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="2880309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880309" title="Beslidhja Skaut Albania">
Beslidhja Skaut Albania

Beslidhja Skaut Albania, more fully Organizata Skautiste Shqiptare Beslidhja Skaut Albania, is the primary national Scouting organization of Albania. It was founded in 2004 and became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 2005. The coeducational Beslidhja Skaut Albania has 1,730 members as of 2011.
The Albanian Scouting movement formerly recognized by the World Organization of the Scout Movement was Besa Skaut Albania, the Organization of Albanian Honorable Scouts, until 2005.
History.
Scouting in Albania traces back to 1920, when it was first founded. In 1922, Albania was among the founders of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, remaining active until 1937 when Zog of Albania banned Scouting in Albania. After World War II, the Socialist People's Republic of Albania had the Pionieret e Enverit, the Pioneers of Enver Hoxha, a local variant of the Pioneers. Scouting quickly returned to Albania in 1989 after communism collapsed in the country, in Sarandë by Dolores and Mihal Dhima, International Commissioner and Chief Scout of Besa Scouts Albania, respectively.
In July 1999, WOSM accepted Albania again as a member. The membership of Besa Skaut Albania was terminated by the World Scout Committee in 2005, and new membership was granted to Organizata Skautiste Shqiptare Beslidhja Skaut Albania, an offshoot of the older organization.
Ideals.
The Beslidhja Scout Motto is "Ji Gati", "Be Prepared" in Albanian. Other organizations use "Pergatitu", "Always Prepared" in Albanian. The Albanian noun for a single Scout is "Skaut".

</doc>
<doc id="2880313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880313" title="John Friend">
John Friend

John Friend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2880319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880319" title="Vermilion Light">
Vermilion Light

The Vermilion Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the shores of Lake Erie in Vermilion, Ohio, USA. It is situated on the grounds of the Inland Seas Maritime Museum near the mouth of the Vermilion River. Erected on 23 October 1991 and dedicated on 6 June 1992, the lighthouse is illuminated by a 200 watt incandescent light bulb with a 5th order Fresnel lens. The lighthouse's United States Coast Guard-mandated light color is steady red.
The current lighthouse is a replica of the previous Vermilion Lighthouse that had been removed in 1929. Following a multi-year fundraising campaign headed by local historian Theodore Wakefield, the replica was built by the Great Lakes Historical Society using $55,000 in public contributions. Designed by architect Robert Lee Tracht of Huron, Ohio, groundbreaking for the lighthouse occurred on 24 July 1991.
History.
The first Vermilion Lighthouse was a wooden structure that was built in 1847 by a $3,000 grant from the Congress of the United States. In 1859 the lighthouse received a $5000 renovation that rebuilt the structure and added a whale oil lamp and 6th order Fresnel lens. In 1866 Congress appropriated funds to build a new, permanent lighthouse made from iron. Cast in Buffalo, New York in three tapering octagonal sections, the iron used for the lighthouse was recycled from smooth-bored Columbian cannons that had been rendered obsolete after the Battle of Fort Sumter in the American Civil War. As Vermilion native Ernest Wakefield wrote, “The iron, therefore, of the 1877 Vermilion lighthouse echoed and resonated with the terrible trauma of the War Between the States.” The ironworkers used sand molds of three tapering rings, octahedral in shape. 
Completed in 1877, the new lighthouse was high and had an oil lantern with a 5th order Fresnel lens. In 1919 the oil lantern was replaced with an acetylene light. After it was discovered to be leaning to one side, in 1929 the lighthouse was removed and replaced with an steel tower. The old iron lighthouse was transported back to Buffalo where it was later renovated and reinstalled as the East Charity Shoal Light on the Saint Lawrence Seaway in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="2880320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880320" title="Edward Francis Rimbault">
Edward Francis Rimbault

Edward Francis Rimbault (* 13 June 1816 - 26 September 1876), English organist, musicologist, book collector and author. 
Rimbault was born in Soho, London to a French Huguenot family who emigrated to England in 1685 after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes. His father, Stephen Francis Rimbault was an organist, arranger and composer. The younger Rimbault was taught music by his father, Samuel Wesley and William Crotch. At age 16, he became organist of the Swiss Church in Soho. His career as a lecturer, for which he was much in demand, began in 1838. 
Rimbault edited many collections of music. In addition to editing or arranging contemporary operas, Rimbault took a strong interest in editing or arranging earlier English music. He did editorial work for the Percy Society, the Camden Society, the Motett Society, and the Handel Society. He was a co-founder of the Musical Antiquarian Society in 1840, for which he also did editing. In 1842 was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, and was granted membership in the Academy of Music in Stockholm, which conferred on him a Ph. D. The reputation of his work was such that he was offered a teaching position at Harvard University, which he turned down. in 1848, he was given an honorary degree by the University of Oxford.
He authored several books, including "Bibliotheca madrigaliana: A bibliographical account of the musical and poetical works published in England during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, under the titles of Madrigals, Ballets, Ayres, Canzonets, etc., etc." (1847), "The pianoforte, its origin, process, and construction; with some account of instruments of the same class which preceded it; viz. the clavichord, the virginal, the spinet, the harpsichord, etc.; to which is added a selection of interesting specimens of music composed for keyed-stringed instruments" (1860), "" (1865), co-authored "The Organ: Its History and Construction" (1855) with Edward John Hopkins, and many others. He did a small amount of composing. Among his efforts is a tune for Philip Doddridge's "O Happy Day, That Fixed My Choice" and added the refrain (1854).
A. Hyatt King suggested that Rimbault may be best remembered for his magnificent library which contained many rare items. After his death, Rimbault's library was auctioned by Sotheby, Wilkinson and Hodge from 31 July to 5 August 1877, with many materials going to the British Library. About 300 lots (nearly 600 items) were sold to Joseph W. Drexel. Upon his death in 1888, the Drexel Collection was bequeathed to the Lenox Library, a precursor of the New York Public Library. Today the Drexel Collection forms part of the Music Division of the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="2880326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880326" title="Human Trafficking (TV miniseries)">
Human Trafficking (TV miniseries)

Human Trafficking is a television miniseries about an American Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent going undercover to stop an organization from trafficking people, and shows the struggles of three trafficked women. It premiered in the United States on Lifetime Television on October 24 and 25, 2005 and was broadcast in Canada on Citytv on January 2 and 3, 2006. It stars Mira Sorvino, Donald Sutherland, Rémy Girard, and Robert Carlyle.
Plot.
In Prague, Czech Republic, single mother Helena (Isabelle Blais) is seduced by a successful handsome man and travels with him to spend a weekend in Vienna, Austria. He then sells her to Human Traffickers and she is brought to New York to work as a sex slave. In Kiev, Ukraine, sixteen-year-old Nadia (Laurence Leboeuf) has recently finished school and, without her father's prior consent or knowledge, she enters a modelling competition. She is selected by the bogus model agency to travel to New York with the other selected candidates, here she is forced into a life of sexual slavery. In Manila, Philippines, twelve-year-old American tourist Annie Gray (Sarah-Jeanne Labrosse) is abducted in front of her parents in a busy street by sex traffickers. She is forced into a child brothel which primarily services sex tourists. In common, the girls become victims of a powerful international network of sex traffickers lead by the powerful Sergei Karpovich (Robert Carlyle). 
In New York, after the third death of young Eastern European prostitutes, obstinate Russian-American NYPD agent Kate Morozov (Mira Sorvino) convinces the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Chief Bill Meehan (Donald Sutherland) to hire her, promising him that she would fight against this type of crime and that he would not regret it.
Production.
The miniseries was produced by Muse Entertainment Enterprises for broadcast on Lifetime Television. In April 2005 Muse announced that principal photography had begun and that a Canadian broadcaster would be announced shortly. The miniseries was filmed in Montreal, Bangkok, and Prague and was completed in July 2005.
Reception.
"Human Trafficking" received generally mixed to positive reviews by critics. Alessandra Stanley of the New York Times noted that "Human Traficking" "avoids the seedy sensationalism that cheapens so many television depictions of the crime" and that it is "a harsh public-service message built into a clever, suspenseful thriller."
Tom Shales of "The Washington Post" was more negative as he found the miniseries an odd subject for Lifetime to broadcast. He noted that in attempting to, "expose a worldwide scandal" "Human Trafficking", "happens to expose vast amounts of flesh in the process -- exploitation about exploitation." 
John Doyle of "The Globe and Mail" was also negative towards the miniseries. He compared it to the "searing, shocking and hard to watch" CBC/Channel 4 miniseries "Sex Traffic" which "suggested a direct connection between the sex trade and NATO officials, and with Western corporations based in Eastern Europe. Doyle concluded that "While "Human Trafficking" is an international co-production with an international cast, it feels obstinately constructed to satisfy small-minded American viewers.
DVD.
On October 25, 2005, Maple Pictures released a 2 disc DVD set of the mini-series in Canada, which contained interviews with the director and the five principal cast members on the second disc. Echo Bridge Home Entertainment released the miniseries on a single DVD in the U.S. on May 2, 2006 with deleted scenes not shown during the airing on Lifetime, interactive resources, and scene selections. The Canadian DVD is rated 14A; the U.S. release is labeled Not Rated by the MPAA due to enhanced violence of the deleted scenes.
Awards and nominations.
Emmy Awards.
"Human Trafficking" was nominated for three Emmy Awards, one in Creative Arts for Best Music and two for Primetime
Gemini Awards.
"Human Trafficking" also won 3 Gemini Awards:
It was nominated for 2 other Gemini Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="2880329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880329" title="Vřesina">
Vřesina

Vřesina is name of several locations in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="2880333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880333" title="Heisuke Yanagawa">
Heisuke Yanagawa

Biography.
Born in what is now part of Nagasaki city, Nagasaki prefecture, Yanagawa was raised in Ōita Prefecture by his adoptive parents. He graduated from the 12th class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1900, and served in combat during the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905. He graduated from the 24th class of the Army Staff College in 1912. After serving as an instructor in the Army Cavalry School, he was appointed a military attaché to China and served as an instructor at the Beijing Army College in 1918. He later traveled to Europe as part of Japan’s delegation to the Versailles Peace Treaty negotiations, and from 1920-1923 was a member of Japan’s delegation to the League of Nations.
Around this time, he became involved in internal politics within the Japanese Army, and joined the Kodaha Faction, led by Sadao Araki, Jinsaburo Mazaki and Hideyoshi Obata. 
From 1923-1925, Yanagawa was a cavalry officer, and rose steadily through the ranks from commanding the IJA 20th Cavalry Regiment in 1923, the IJA 1st Cavalry Brigade by 1927, the Cavalry School from 1929, to Inspector-General of Cavalry in 1930. He was promoted to lieutenant general in December 1931.
From 1932-1934, Yanagawa served as Vice-Minister of War. He was subsequently given a field posting as commander of the prestigious IJA 1st Division from 1934-1935. He commanded the Taiwan Army of Japan from 1935–1936, before his retirement on 26 September 1936.
However, with the Second Sino-Japanese War, Yanagawa was recalled to active service and assigned command of the IJA 10th Army in China from 1937-1938. The 10th Army comprised the 18th and 114th divisions from Japan, the IJA 6th Division from North China, and the Kunisaki Detachment of the IJA 5th Division, and landed in Hangzhou on 5 November 1937.
Yanagawa led his troops in pursuit of Chinese forces fleeing from the Shanghai area, and was in command of one of the main Japanese columns at the Battle of Nanjing. His troops were later implicated in the Nanjing Massacre, but Yanagawa was repelled by the events. 
Yanagawa retired again from active military service in 1938, becoming Chief of the General Affairs Bureau, East Asia Development Board. Under the political patronage of Baron Hiranuma Kiichirō, and with support from the "zaibatsu" groups, he took over the Justice Ministry from Akira Kazami. During this post in government he led the Keishicho (Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department).
Yanagawa was a supporter of State Shintoism, along with General Kuniaki Koiso and Hiranuma Kiichirō, and in the creation of the Shintoist Rites Research Council. He was also a leader in the "Taisei Yokusankai" (Imperial Rule Assistance Association) group.

</doc>
<doc id="2880342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880342" title="Francisco Pradilla Ortiz">
Francisco Pradilla Ortiz

Francisco Pradilla Ortiz (July 24, 1848 – November 1, 1921) was a prolific Spanish painter famous for creating historical scenes.
He was born in Villanueva de Gállego, near Zaragoza in Aragon, and studied initially in Zaragoza and then transferred to the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando and the Academia de Acuarelistas in Madrid. In 1873, he won a scholarship to go to Rome. From there he had opportunities to travel to France and Venice and studied the old masters. In 1878 he submitted his painting "Doña Joanna of Castile" or (Juana la Loca) to the National Exhibition in Spain and was awarded the Medal of Honor. The Spanish Senate then commissioned him to create "La Rendición de Granada" (The Surrender of Granada) that took him three years to complete (1882). In 1881 he became the Director of the Spanish Arts Academy in Rome, but resigned from this post after two years. He traveled, mostly in Italy, portraying local themes and people. In 1897 he returned to Madrid as the director of the Museo del Prado. He held this position only briefly and then focused again on painting. 
His total output is well over 1,000 paintings showing his interest in a variety of subjects and styles, often without regard of the current fashion. He is primarily recognized for his historical paintings, the last one completed in 1910 carries one of the longer titles of a major painting, "Cortejo del bautizo del Príncipe Don Juan, hijo de los Reyes Católicos, por las calles de Sevilla" (Retinue of the Baptism of Don Juan, son of the Catholic Monarchs, Along the Streets of Seville). Much more common, however, are costumbristas—often romanticized studies that show local customs or manners—and landscapes that are often sketchy, with impressionistic influences. Financial duress after the bankruptcy of his bank may have imposed a special need to be productive.

</doc>
<doc id="2880344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880344" title="Jonas Renkse">
Jonas Renkse

Jonas Petter Renkse (born 19 May 1975) is a founding member, songwriter, lead vocalist (1991–1994, 1997-) and ex-drummer (1991–1994, 1996–1998) of the band Katatonia, founding member, songwriter, bassist, backing vocalist, ex-guitarist (2004) of the band Bloodbath.
He was also the founding member, drummer, vocalist, guitarist & songwriter of the band October Tide.
History.
In 1995 Katatonia was put on a halt due to not having a suitable lineup, and Renkse subsequently decided to form October Tide.
In 1996, Jonas' performance of death vocals had taken such a toll that by 1997 he would only sing cleanly. By 1998, Renkse decided he would focus strictly on vocals and abandon drums.
Renkse wanted to guest on The Ocean's album, "Precambrian" but due to Katatonia's touring schedule during the production, The Ocean was not able to approach him on time.
Personal life.
Jonas Renkse has a son, and is best friends with singer Mikael Åkerfeldt of the band Opeth.

</doc>
<doc id="2880356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880356" title="Bebu Silvetti">
Bebu Silvetti

Juan Fernando Silvetti Adorno (27 March 1944 – 5 July 2003), professionally known as Bebu Silvetti or simply Silvetti, was an Argentine pianist, composer, conductor, arranger, and record producer. Popularly known for the 1977 instrumental disco hit, "Lluvia De Primavera" ("Spring Rain" in English), Silvetti was also a successful, Grammy-winning producer for a wide variety of Latin and international music performers. He was the father of the actress Anna Silvetti.
Biography.
Early life.
Silvetti was born in the city of Quilmes, Argentina, located in the province of Buenos Aires, approximately 17 kilometers from the capital city of Buenos Aires.
He started his piano education at the age of six. During his teenage years he formed his own jazz quartet and a few other musical groups. At 21, Silvetti left Argentina to go to Spain where he stayed a few years working as a pianist at some of the most popular jazz clubs of the time.
Career.
In the early 1970s he moved to Mexico and started arranging and composing. Upon his return to Spain some years later, he recorded his first album, which contained his hit offering, "Spring Rain." Other albums followed. Silvetti returned to Mexico in the late 1970s, where he continued arranging, composing and producing mostly for other artists. After a stint working in Los Angeles, California, he eventually settled in Miami, Florida, where he produced, arranged, and composed for a wide variety of Latin and international artists.
During his career, Silvetti worked with performers such as Plácido Domingo, Luis Miguel, Paul Anka, Engelbert Humperdinck, Vikki Carr, Ana Cristina, Roberto Carlos (singer), Rocío Dúrcal, Rocío Jurado, Jerry Rivera, Tamara, Los Kjarkas, Paul Anka, Daniela Romo, Armando Manzanero, José Luis Perales, Daniel Barenboim, Juan Gabriel, Maggie Carles, Los Nocheros, Marco Antonio Solís, Ricardo Montaner, Paloma San Basilio, Raúl di Blasio, Nazareno Andorno, Vic Damone and Selena.
Silvetti achieved many successes and accolades throughout his long and prolific career. In 2003, Silvetti was the recipient of the Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year for his work on "Hasta Que Vuelvas" by Luis Miguel, "Quién Da un Peso Por Mis Sueños" by Armando Manzanero featuring Alex Lora and the albums "Rocío Dúrcal ... En Concierto Inolvidable" by Rocío Dúrcal and "Suma" by Ricardo Montaner. In 2002, he received the "Billboard" Producer of the Year Award. In 2001, he topped Billboard's year-end "Hot Latin Tracks Producer Chart."
Death.
Bebu Silvetti died at his home in Coral Gables, Florida, at the age of 59 from respiratory failure caused by complications from lung cancer treatment. At the time of his death, he reportedly had composed more than 600 songs, over 200 TV and radio commercials, and a number of film and TV soundtracks.
Musical legacy.
His hit track "Spring Rain" was remixed by DJ YOSHITAKA for the Japanese music game beatmania IIDX 13 DistorteD. The song name was changed to "Spring Rain (Lluvia De Primavera)" to signify the remix.
Denki Groove's song "Shangri-La", a remix of which was the ending theme of the 2009 anime series "Kūchū Buranko", is based around looped samples of "Spring Rain". Silvetti is credited as a co-writer of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="2880357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880357" title="Ischigualasto Provincial Park">
Ischigualasto Provincial Park

Ischigualasto Provincial Park (), also called Valle de la Luna ("Valley of the Moon", due to its otherworldly appearance), is a provincial protected area in the north-east of San Juan Province, north-western Argentina, limiting to the north with the Talampaya National Park, in La Rioja Province. Both areas belong to the same geological formation, the "Ischigualasto Formation" (sometimes "Ischigualasto-Talampaya Formation")
Established on 3 November 1971, the park has an area of 
In 2000 UNESCO included Ischigualasto and Talampaya National Park among its World Heritage Sites.
History.
The most accepted hypothesis gives the name "Ischigualasto" a Quechua origin, meaning "place where the moon sets", although some scholars have proposed Diaguita or Huarpe roots.
The first paleontological description of Ischigualasto dates from 1930. In 1941 the area was studied in more detail, which led to the discovery of 70 species of fossil plants. The region received for the first time the name "Valle de la Luna" in 1943, in a publication edited by the Automobil Club Argentino.
That year, Dr. Ángel Cabrera of University of La Plata described the traversodontid "Exaeretodon"—the first cynodont found in Ischigualasto—after samples sent by a geologist who was doing prospecting for coal on behalf of an Argentine mining company.
Academic work and geological prospecting proceeded slowly until 1958, when Dr. Alfred Sherwood Romer, a Harvard University expert in ancient mammals, discovered several rich fossil beds which he described as "extraordinary".
Description.
Most of the park lies within the Valle Fértil Department, with a minor part in the Jachal Department of San Juan, at an altitude of about amsl. The park is part of the western border of the Central Sierras, and it features typical desert vegetation (bushes, cacti and some trees) which covers between 10 and 20% of the area. The climate is very dry, with rainfall mostly during the summer, and temperature extremes (minimum , maximum ). There is a constant southern wind with a speed of after noon and until the evening, sometimes accompanied by the extremely strong Zonda wind.
Paleontology.
The Ischigualasto Formation contains Late Triassic (Carnian) deposits (231.4 -225.9 million years before the present), with some of the oldest known dinosaur remains, which are the world's first with regards to quality, number and importance. It is the only place in the world where nearly all of the Triassic is represented in an undisturbed sequence of rock deposits. This allows for the study of the transition between dinosaurs and ancient mammals; research is ongoing.
In the Carnian this area was a volcanically active floodplain dominated by rivers and had a strongly seasonal rainfall. Petrified tree trunks of "Protojuniperoxylon ischigualastianus" more than tall attest to a rich vegetation at that time. Fossil ferns and horsetails have also been found.
Rhynchosaurs and cynodonts (especially rhynchosaur "Hyperodapedon" and cynodont "Exaeretodon") are by far the predominant findings among the tetrapod fossils in the park. A study from 1993 found dinosaur specimens to comprise only 6% of the total tetrapod sample; subsequent discoveries increased this number to approximately 11% of all findings. Carnivorous dinosaurs are the most common terrestrial carnivores of the Ischigualasto Formation, with herrerasaurids comprising 72% of all recovered terrestrial carnivores. Dinosaurs of Ischigualasto Formation include early samples of the two major lineages of dinosaurs (ornithischians and saurischians). The carnivorous archosaur "Herrerasaurus" is the most numerous of these dinosaur fossils. Another important putative dinosaur with primitive characteristics is "Eoraptor lunensis", found in Ischigualasto in the early 1990s.
Dinosaurs.
The fossils of an undescribed species of theropod are present in San Juan Province.

</doc>
<doc id="2880360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880360" title="Hachaliah">
Hachaliah

Hachaliah (חֲכַלְיָה in the Hebrew) was the father of Nehemiah, the author of the Book of Nehemiah, which is a book of the Hebrew Bible, known to Jews as the Tanakh and to Christians as the Old Testament. Hachaliah's name is mentioned at the beginning of the book. Hachaliah distinguishes Nehemiah from others with the same name. Little is known about his status; his name means: 'whom Jehovah enlightens'[http://net.bible.org/dictionary.php?word=Hacaliah]

</doc>
<doc id="2880361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880361" title="Vřesina (Opava District)">
Vřesina (Opava District)

Vřesina () is a village in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 1,500 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2880383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880383" title="Kingoro Hashimoto">
Kingoro Hashimoto

Early career.
Hashimoto was born in Okayama City, and a graduate of the 23rd class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1911. He subsequently graduated from the Army Staff College in 1920. In April 1922, he was assigned to the Kwangtung Army in Manchuria and was stationed at Harbin. In 1923, he was sent on special assignment to Manzhouli, near the border with the Soviet Union. From September 1927 through June 1930, he was reassigned as military attaché to Turkey. On his return to Japan, he was posted to the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff, and headed a Russian studies department. He was promoted to colonel in August, 1930 and became an instructor at the Army Staff College in October.
Political involvement.
From the middle of 1930, Hashimoto became increasingly involved in right-wing politics within the military, with active participation in various attempts at "coups d'état". He was also a founder of radical secret societies within the Army.
Hashimoto actively participated in the March incident of 1931. The "Sakura Kai" (Cherry Blossom Society) was formed secretly by him and Captain Isamu Chō. The "Sakura Kai" group sought political reform: the elimination of party government by a coup d'état and the establishment of a new cabinet based upon state socialism, in order to stamp out Japan's allegedly corrupt politics, economy, and thought; which literally meant a return to a pre-westernized Japan. The attempt failed, but Hashimoto, along with Isamu Chō and Shūmei Ōkawa, organized a further "coup", the Imperial Colors Incident, also known as the October Incident, with Sadao Araki. All the conspirators were arrested and transferred to other posts. There were also suspicions of the instigation of himself and Araki in the final attempt, the Military Academy Incident. 
Despite these failures, Hashimoto continued as an active radical thinker during World War II. He was involved in the Taisei Yokusankai (Imperial Rule Assistance Association). He proposed a nationalist single party dictatorship, based on socialism, which was similar to European fascism. The militarists had strong industrial support, but also socialist-nationalist sentiments on the part of radical officers, aware of poor farmers and workers who wanted social justice. He represented the extreme left-wing of the militarists. Supporters of Fumimaro Konoe's "Right-Socialist" revolution (socialist and populist ideas, rooted in the poorest farmers, fishermen, and industrial workers), opposed the "right-wing" militarists represented by Senjuro Hayashi, in the same "revolutionary grouping". Later receiving political patronage by Hiranuma Kiichirō another right-wing politician with Japanese Navy links in the official establishment.
Hashimoto later was elected to the House of Representatives, and became vice-president of the Diet of Japan. The "Yokusan Sonendan" under his leadership had a mission of guiding the nationalist and militarist indoctrination of young people throughout the war.
He was involved in the Panay incident of December 12, 1937 in which Japanese bombers attacked and sank, without provocation, the on the Yangtze River in China. Hashimoto was the senior Japanese officer in the region, and a few days after the sinking was quoted in US newspapers as saying "I had orders to fire." Even so, US-Japanese relations continued to sour in the aftermath of the incident, which would eventually lead to the Pacific War.
Hashimoto was a fervent supporter of aggressive policies during the Second Sino-Japanese War period, and thus supported the Tripartite Pact with Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy in 1940, along with the other military extremists of the Imperial Japanese Army.
After the end of World War II, he was sentenced to life imprisonment by the International Military Tribunal for the Far East.

</doc>
<doc id="2880385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880385" title="Cobi">
Cobi

Cobi was the official mascot of the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. He is a Catalan Sheepdog in Cubist style inspired by the interpretations of Picasso of a masterpiece from Velázquez, "Las Meninas". Cobi was designed by Javier Mariscal (1950-). The mascot was unveiled to the public in 1987. His name was derived from the Barcelona Olympic Organising Committee (COOB).
Before and during the Games, Cobi was shown in a variety of advertisements for Olympic sponsors such as Coca-Cola, Brother Industries and Danone. He even had his own TV series, "The Cobi Troupe". He also appeared on an extensive range of souvenirs, dubbed "Cobiana", which proved to be a lucrative source of income. During the Games an inflatable Cobi was tethered to the Barcelona waterfront. 

</doc>
<doc id="2880401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880401" title="3MDR">
3MDR

3MDR is one of many Community radio stations which broadcast in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It covers the Shire of Yarra Ranges and Shire of Cardinia. With the Studio and transmitter located in Emerald. This is a form of Public broadcasting. 
It is broadcast on the frequency 97.1FM and acts as the Emergency Broadcasting Station when there is an emergency, such as a bushfire. 
3MDR was granted a broadcasting licence for a medium power community radio service covering the outer eastern region of Melbourne. Initially this coverage area along with that of neighboring radio station 3VYV (Yarra Valley FM) were intended to form part of the Melbourne Eastern community radio broadcast area, however the areas were divided upon entry of more localised FM community aspirant groups back in the early 1980s.
History.
Mountain District Radio was formed in 1983 as a result of the lack of public communication during the Ash Wednesday fires. .
Mountain District Radio was incorporated on 11 December 1985 as a non-profit community operated radio station to service the areas of Monbulk, Woori Yallock, Gembrook, Pakenham, Berwick, Belgrave, Emerald, Cockatoo and everywhere in between.
MDR ran 13 test transmissions on the following dates between 5 August 1985 and 29 October 1989
3MDR's first temporary broadcast - as part of its demonstration phase intended to generate and display a community need for the service, it broadcast from a small studio in the back of an old bus by the side of a water tower on the ridge above Cockatoo.
Licencing.
3MDR was the only applicant for a community licence in the outer eastern (mountains) area of Melbourne, and was granted a licence following a short public hearing which took place in 1989. 3MDR was granted a licence on the same day as 3PVR (Plenty Valley - Outer North Eastern Melbourne), 3SCB (Central Southern Melbourne), 3INR (Inner Northern Melbourne), 3SER (outer South Eastern Melbourne), 3WBC (Inner eastern Melbourne) and 3VYV (Yarra Valley, Outer North Eastern Melbourne).
Current programs.
3MDR airs a wide variety of programs for all audiences.
On Sundays the station also airs a significant number of Non-English language programs, including Sri Lankan, Greek, and other nationalities. Community radio stations such as 3MDR are offered financial inducement to broadcast Non-English programs via a grants program administered by the Community Broadcasting Foundation

</doc>
<doc id="2880410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880410" title="Elton Chigumbura">
Elton Chigumbura

Elton Chigumbura (born 14 March 1986) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is a current Zimbabwean international and former captain of the national side, who played 6 Test matches from the age of 18 before Zimbabwe were barred from Test cricket. Chigumbura also has over 100 ODI caps.
Playing style.
He is an aggressive batsman, who generally bats in the middle order for his team. He is strong on the lofted drive and he consistently clears the fence in ODI with his big hitting in the final overs. He is also a useful seam bowler, regarded as being his country's fastest in the current squad, clocking at more than 140 km/h when at his peak. In the field he is an athletic outfielder, once taking 4 catches in an ODI against the West Indies at Queen's Park Oval.
Career.
Chigumbura made his first class debut for Mashonaland aged just fifteen and went on to represent Zimbabwe in two consecutive Under-19 World Cups. He took four wickets in their upset win over Australia in the Under-19 World Cup in Bangladesh. He made his international debut sooner than expected due to the absence of the 'rebel' players, playing his first Test aged just 18 during a tour of Sri Lanka. It was a demoralising tour for Zimbabwe and Chigumbura looked out of his depth. He missed the majority of 2005 due to a stress fracture in his back which he picked up during a series against South Africa in March. 
Prior to Zimbabwe being barred from Test cricket in 2005, he went on to play 6 Tests for his country. He struggled with the bat, making five ducks in his twelve innings. He made one half century, an innings of 71 against Bangladesh in Chittagong. It turned out to be a good game for Chigumbura as he followed up his batting performance with a career best bowling return of 5/54 
He has had more success in ODI cricket, playing some memorable innings. In May 2004 he scored 77 against Australia at Harare but arguably his greatest performance came later in the year against Sri Lanka in the Champions Trophy. In a man of the match winning effort he made 57 with the bat and took 3/37 with the ball. The next year in a game against Bangladesh in Harare he put on 165 runs for 6th wicket with Stuart Matsikenyeri as they successfully chased down 246 to win with 5 balls in hand. Chigumbura contributed 70 off 68 deliveries. At the same ground against the same opponent in February 2007 he equalled his highest ODI score of 77 in an innings that included 7 sixes. At the conclusion of the game only 3 other Zimbabwean cricketers had hit more sixes than Chigumbura in their one day careers. 
Chigumbura was part of the Zimbabwean squad for the 2007 World Cup in the West Indies. He registered new career-best ODI bowling figures of 3/25 and scored 38 runs from 34 balls in Zimbabwe's shock win against the West Indies on 30 November 2007.
On 15 March 2010, Chigumbura signed for Northamptonshire County Cricket Club as an overseas player, giving him the chance to return to England after having a short spell at Eppleton Cricket Club.
In May 2010, Chigumbura replaced Prosper Utseya as Zimbabwe's captain. He led Zimbabwe to the 2011 World Cup, but resigned within months of the tournament in which Zimbabwe defeated only Canada and Kenya and failed to qualify for the quarter-finals. He was replaced in the captaincy by Brendan Taylor. He was retained in the team for Zimbabwe's victorious return to Test cricket in a one-off match against Bangladesh in August 2011, taking three wickets, before a knee injury ruled him out of the following Test against Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="2880414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880414" title="Velké Hoštice">
Velké Hoštice

Velké Hoštice () is a village in the district of Opava, Czech Republic. It belongs to the greater Moravian-Silesian Region and is located in the northern tip of the micro Hlučín Region, close to the border with Poland. It has around 1,700 inhabitants. The 16th century Château found in Velké Hoštice and its estate was once part of the Moravian-Bohemian Counts of Chorinsky Barons of Ledske dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="2880425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880425" title="The Best Man (1999 film)">
The Best Man (1999 film)

The Best Man is an American 1999 romantic comedy-drama film, written and directed by Malcolm D. Lee. It was produced by 40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks, with Lee's cousin, Spike Lee, serving as producer. The film stars Taye Diggs, Nia Long, Morris Chestnut and Sanaa Lathan, and is considered to be a male-centered answer to female-targeted films such as "Waiting to Exhale".
A Christmas-themed sequel, "The Best Man Holiday", was released on November 15, 2013 with a reunited cast.
Plot.
Harper Stewart (Diggs) is a young man living in Chicago with his beautiful and devoted girlfriend named Robin (Lathan). In an early scene of the film, the couple lounges together in a tub and it becomes clear to the audience that all is not well in the relationship. As Robin sighs contentedly and idly mentions that she could stay like this forever, the audience is able to infer that Harper, whose professional life is on the verge of a major level change upward, feels that committing to a woman now would be a death-knell for him. Harper's debut novel, an autobiography entitled, "Unfinished Business", has been selected by Oprah's Book Club, a seal of approval that pretty much guarantees him a best seller.
The audience then travels with Harper to New York City, where his best friend Lance (Chestnut) is getting married to a young lady named Mia (Calhoun), who is also considered a friend by Harper, and where Jordan (Long), Harper's old woulda-coulda-shoulda flame, has obtained an advanced copy of his book and has been passing it around their inner circle of friends. Due to its autobiographical nature, Harper never intended for any of them to read "Unfinished Business" prior to the wedding, but they do and eventually this wretched version of his novel makes its way to the groom. To the disgust of Quentin (Howard), Harper goes to great lengths to prevent Lance from completing his read of "Unfinished Business", but on the night of the bachelor party, Lance does just that. What he finds out causes him to cancel his nuptials to Mia.
Meanwhile in the subplot, Murch (Perrineau), also a friend of Harper's, and his long time girlfriend Shelby (De Sousa), who is NOT considered a friend by Harper, deal with their relationship. Candy (Hall), one of the strippers who dances at Lance's bachelor party, plays a role in this part of the story.
Reception.
The film received mostly positive reviews from audiences and critics. The film review website Allmovie gave the film 3/5 stars, with reviewer Jason Clark stating that while the film has "occasional moments of ripe humor, but it fails to say anything new about troubled weddings or the experience of being an upwardly mobile African-American looking for love." At Metacritic, the film averaged a favorable 61% rating from critics. It currently holds a 72% fresh rating at Rotten Tomatoes, and was deemed "impressive" by the site. Also, the film has earned a B+ average from users at the Yahoo! Movies site. Made on a relatively small budget of nine million dollars, the film went on to make over $34,000,000, nearly four times as much as it cost to produce the picture, by the end of its theatrical run.
The film also went on to receive numerous awards and accolades. Terrence Howard's performance in particular earned much praise from many film critics, and in hindsight "The Best Man" is now considered to be his breakout film. Later, he made the jump to other films and to the TV series "". Jason Clark in his Allmovie review even stated that although Taye Diggs does well in his first true starring role, Howard "commands the screen with such abandon that one secretly wishes the film could have been all about his oddly captivating character". All eight of the principal cast members received nominations for the film at the 2000 NAACP Image Awards, however only Howard and Nia Long won. The film itself also won Outstanding Motion Picture.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack, released October 12, 1999, peaked at number 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts, and number 16 on The Billboard 200 in 1999.
(*): Indicates songs were released as singles
Awards and nominations.
2000 Black Reel Awards
2000 Chicago Film Critics Association Awards
2000 Independent Spirit Awards
2000 NAACP Image Awards

</doc>
<doc id="2880430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880430" title="Chautauqua, Illinois">
Chautauqua, Illinois

Chautauqua, Illinois (also known as the New Piasa Chautauqua Historic District) is a private gated summer resort that started as a 19th-century tent settlement. The name Piasa is taken from a nearby Native American painting of a mythical bird, called the Piasa Bird, which was painted on the bluffs high above the Mississippi River. Chautauqua is located between Elsah and Grafton in Jersey County. Today, it is bordered by and has access from the Great River Road. It has functioned as a private non-denominational Christian summer resort for over a century.
History.
Founded in 1885 by Methodist leaders, Piasa Chautauqua attracted thousands of people from the St. Louis area and other places in Illinois. Arriving first by packet boat, and later by automobile or the trains that ran by as often as six times a day, the vacationers were entertained, educated, and inspired by such luminaries like William Jennings Bryan, evangelists Sam Jones, Billy Sunday and Gypsy Smith, the Swiss Bell Ringers, John Philip Sousa’s band and "Sunny Jim," reputed to be one of the Theodore Roosevelt’s Rough Riders.
The physical situation of the settlement added to its appeal as the hottest summer days had cool valley breezes and some evenings might require a jacket. Before the days of air-conditioning, this offered a welcome relief from the heat of the city. An early swimming pool, that used to be filled with cold spring water, remains a popular attraction.
A 1912 brochure described it as this:
"Piasa Chautauqua is located less than 40 miles from St. Louis in a beautiful valley between high, massive bluffs with the great Mississippi serving as a guard in front and almost unexplored forest at back, one of nature’s most picturesque spots, unknown to thousands but dear to those who have enjoyed its beauties and regained health from its wonderful springs and its clear, pure air, delightful cool nights, beautiful scenery and outdoor amusements, boating, swimming, fishing, bathing, lawn tennis, croquet, baseball..."
A recently formed historical society is working to integrate the Chautauqua history with that of the surrounding area. It has now been designated as the New Piasa Chautauqua Historic District, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Today, there are over two hundred cottages and substantial homes at Chautauqua. Many are occupied by the descendants of earlier owners.

</doc>
