<doc id="2899940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899940" title="American University of Sharjah">
American University of Sharjah

American University of Sharjah (AUS) in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) is a non-profit, co-educational institution of higher education.
It was founded in 1997 by Sheikh Dr. Sultan Bin Mohammad Al Qassimi Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi, Supreme Council Member and Ruler of Sharjah. Sheikh Sultan envisaged the university as a leading educational institution in the Persian Gulf region. Located in University City in Sharjah, American University of Sharjah is a not-for-profit, independent, institution of higher education formed on the American higher education model. It is a very diverse university that brings together more than 5,000 students from more than 82 countries and a full-time faculty of more than 350.[http://www.aus.edu/info/200129/why_aus/434/fast_facts][http://www.edarabia.com/744/american-university-of-sharjah-aus]
AUS offers 26 majors and 54 minors at undergraduate level and 14 masters' degrees through the College of Architecture, Art and Design, the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Engineering, and the School of Business and Management.
The university is licensed by the Commission for Academic Accreditation of the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research (UAE) in the United Arab Emirates, which recognizes all undergraduate and graduate programs. American University of Sharjah is accredited in the United States of America by the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and by the Department of Education of the State of Delaware.
The bachelor of science degree programs in chemical engineering, civil engineering, computer engineering, electrical engineering and mechanical engineering offered by the College of Engineering are accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET. The bachelor of science degree program in computer science offered by the College of Engineering is accredited by the Computing Accreditation Commission of ABET. The Bachelor of Architecture program of the College of Architecture, Art and Design is accredited by the National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB) of the United States. The Bachelor of Science in Business Administration as well as the Master of Business Administration (MBA) and Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) degrees offered by the School of Business and Management are accredited by the AACSB (AACSB).
History.
AUS was founded in 1997 by Sheikh Dr. Sultan bin Mohammad Al Qassimi. As AUS President, Sheikh Sultan has stated his vision for a distinctive institution rooted in the region’s Arab-Islamic heritage, in the context of the aspirations and needs of contemporary society in the UAE and the Gulf region.
Study Programs.
Undergraduate degree programs.
College of Architecture, Art and Design [http://www.graduatearchitecture.com/ARCHSCHOOLS/archschools_en.html]
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Engineering
School of Business and Management
Graduate degree programs.
College of Architecture, Art and Design
College of Arts and Sciences
School of Business and Management
College of Engineering
The University Campus.
Location.
American University of Sharjah is situated in University City, which is located 16 kilometers (10 miles) from the center of Sharjah (emirate) Sharjah and about 25 km from the neighboring emirate of Dubai.
The City of Sharjah.
The location of the university enhances its mission. Sharjah is a global trade center and a city of learning and the arts, as confirmed by its 1998 UNESCO designation as the Cultural Capital of the Arab World.
Campus Life and Services.
The Campus Complex.
AUS is the flagship institution of University City, a 1,600 acre complex that includes other educational establishments. The university offers students full-facility dormitories, a sports complex, and a gym. Other amenities include a health center, a pharmacy, a bank, a post office, a barbershop, a ladies beauty salon, and two convenience stores. The distinctive architecture of the domes and arches of the academic and administrative buildings is accentuated with graceful Arab motifs.
The center of the AUS campus comprises 12 academic buildings. The academic buildings house classrooms and lecture halls of various sizes; a state-of-the-art library; science, language, computer and engineering laboratories; workshops, digital studios and dark rooms; and offices for faculty, academic administrators, and support staff.
The campus includes student residential halls (for men and for women) as well as a large Sports Complex and a Student Center. Approximately 40 percent of the student body lives in campus housing. Unlike most American universities, AUS requires faculty members and their families to live on campus with the intention of providing students with a learning and living environment that allows for on-going interaction with faculty members and their families. [http://www.uniandi.com/?p=university_home&univid=15&lang=en]
Testing and Professional Development Center.
The AUS Testing and Professional Development Center serves as a central point of testing for both the AUS campus and the community. The center accommodates the placement tests for newly AUS admitted students as well as university testing. The center is part of the ETS Strategic Testing Network and offers the ETS Internet-based TOEFL as well as an institutional paper-based TOEFL in addition to other testing services.
AUS is also the sole testing center in the United Arab Emirates for the Fundamentals of Engineering Exam (FE) and Professional Engineering Exam (PE) administrated by the National Council of Examiners for Engineering and Surveying (NCEES) in the USA. [http://www.meed.com/sectors/economy/education/aus-named-sole-uae-testing-center-for-ncees-engineering-exams/3117655.article][http://www.aus.edu/news/article/139/aus_named_sole_uae_testing_center_for_ncees_engineering_exams/#.UcFtN-enB2A]
AMIDEAST Amideast, one of the region’s most prominent international testing administrators, is an AUS testing partner and has a permanent office on the AUS campus to administer TOEFL tests (paper-based) on aregular basis, as well as other recognized international tests.[http://www.amideast.org/uae/contact-us][http://www.aus.edu/info/200194/new_student_information/351/testing_center#.UbcQCOenB2A][http://www.amideast.org]
Library.
The AUS Library, an 11,000-square-meter state-of-the-art facility, provides collections, services and programs to support the curricular and research needs of the university community. The majority of the library’s rapidly growing physical collection of 125,000 items is in English; however, there are also materials available in Arabic. An online catalog system can be used to search for library materials from any location on or off campus. Using the library website, students and faculty can access e-books, online databases, full-text journals and other digital resources. The AUS library houses a collection of more than 212,000 items, including 122,000 hard-copy items (books, CDs, DVDs, etc.), 90,000 electronic books, 250 journalsin print, and 50 online databases and indexes that are accessible locally and remotely. The library works in conjunction with all parts of the university to provide academic resources for all classes taught at AUS. Facilities include PC workstations, an ‘information commons’ computer environment, two computer classrooms for teaching information literacy and research skills, book, study spaces, including group study and presentation rooms, media preview rooms; circulation/reserves and research help desks and self-checkout stations. The seating capacity is approximately 900 or 20 percent of the current student population.
The AUS Archives department is a repository for institutional records that have been created by various academic and administrative departments of the university. The mission of the Archives department is to collect, maintain, preserve, and make available records that are of historical or legal value, as well as records that document the development of the university and the various campus activities.[http://www.aus.edu/info/200220/library#.Ud5qmKwt670][http://www.flickr.com/photos/ifsa-butler/6049531668/in/photostream]
Transportation.
AUS offers a shuttle bus service between the student residential halls and other areas of campus. The Transportation Services can also provide transportation to the cities of Sharjah, Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Al Ain. Transportation Services also provides information on local taxi and rental car services. [www.aus.edu/transportation]
Global rankings.
In 2012, American University of Sharjah was ranked in the world’s top 450 universities by the London-based Quacquarelli Symonds (QS), one of the world's most trusted university rankings. Of more than 2,500 global institutions considered by the organization for 2012–2013, AUS was ranked in the top 401–450 bracket, a substantial climb from the previous year's 601+bracket.[http://www.topuniversities.com/node/4392/ranking-details/world-university-rankings/2012][http://www.topuniversities.com/university-rankings/world-university-rankings/2012][http://www.bi-me.com/main.php?id=59269&t=1&c=13&cg=2&mset=1011]
The university’s Management Information Systems program, which is under the School of Business and Management, was ranked in the top 100 in information systems research productivity globally.[http://www.zawya.com/story/ZAWYA20120402112727/][http://edubeans.blogspot.ae/2012/04/aus-ranks-in-top-100-in-isr.html]
Forbes Middle East has ranked American Universityof Sharjah as the best private university in the Persian Gulf region offering an MBA degree.[http://gulftoday.ae/portal/b87ee1cc-95f5-4d63-9db1-34c144312d12.aspx][http://gulfnews.com/uae-mbas-among-best-in-arab-world-1.982683][http://www.khda.gov.ae/en/News/KHDANews.aspx?ID=23078][http://emiratweet.com/2012/02/21/uae-mbas-among-best-in-arab-world/][http://english.nuqudy.com/Jobs/Forbes_Lists_Top_Ar-980]
American university of Sharjah was also ranked as the 79th best university in BRICS and emerging economics. 
Student life.
Community services.
AUS Community Services allows students to experience first-hand the value of serving others through charity, awareness, and outreach programs.
Residential life.
The university residential halls offer a multicultural environment in which students from different parts of the world can learn from one another. All residential hall offer students many resources, including Internet access, study rooms, computer labs, dining areas, recreational areas, television rooms, laundry facilities, and fitness centers.
Student Center.
The Student Center plays an important role in the extracurricular life at the university by serving as a central hub for student activities. It is primarily dedicated to serving the cultural, social and recreational interests of the student body as well as to providing students with a comfortable and inviting atmosphere to unwind. The Student Center is more than just a place for students to socialize and relax; it provide students with non-academic support services and facilities under one roof.
Student Organizations.
Student-sponsored organizations are an integral part of the learning process at most institutions of higher education. The academic experience is enriched by participation in activities that allow students to pursue their personal interests outside the classroom.
Student Publications.
Practical writing experience is available to AUS students through three student publications, "The Leopard, Realms" and "Arabian Leopard".
"The Leopard" Newspaper: “A Reason to Roar”: The Leopardis an official university newspaper and a voice of AUS students. The leopard is the official AUS mascot and was chosen because the UAE preserves and protects the Arabian leopard, which is currently on the brink of extinction.
"Realms": This magazine was founded as a literary outlet for AUS students. Realms gives all students a chance to read the stories, poems and essays of their classmates, as well as to contribute their creative work. "Realms" aims to foster an interest in creative writing and literature and to help students view the English language as a means of expressing their thoughts and feelings and not merely as an academic tool.
"Arabian Leopard": The "Arabian Leopard" newspaper gives students the chance to develop and proudly present their Arabic writing skills and creative writing.
Student Educational Services.
Academic Support Center.
This center provides students assistance in academic matters through group and individual advising. The center works directly with students on academic probation, and students with other academic difficulties, such physical challenges that impede academic progress or students specific learning disabilities.The center offers advising for students concerning majors, career paths and career interests in relation to their academic programs. The center supports the mission of the university by coordinating and tracking student retention and the progress of first-year students.
Cisco Academy.
AUS hosts a Cisco networking academy in the College of Engineering. The academy trains students and professionals to design, build and maintain computer networks and prepares them for industry-standard certification.
International Exchange Programs.
The Office of International Exchange Programs was established to provide AUS students and faculty with exchange opportunities, including sending and hosting visiting scholars, aiding faculty members in arranging international study tours, developing exchange agreements with universities around the world, and achieving membership in the top global exchange consortia.
The International Exchange Office works with AUS students who wish to study at universities in other countries either for a semester or a year. The office also facilitates the admission of international students coming to AUS to study. [http://www.aus.edu/ixo#.UNA8ouScd2A
In addition to facilitating student exchanges and study abroad, the AUS International Exchange Office also administers processes enabling faculty-led study tours, visiting scholars, visiting guests and delegations, tuition exchange programs, and the dissemination of information regarding international scholarships and internships.[http://www.ciee.org/study-abroad/united-arab-emirates/sharjah/business-engineering-arts-sciences/[http://wellesleystudentabroadinsharjah.blogspot.ae/2012_09_01_archive.html]
Learning and Counseling.
Student Learning and Counseling Services offers support services to enhance the success of students. These services include assisting with academic growth, educational and career goals, problem solving, decision making, understanding and appreciation of oneself, and interpersonal relationships. Services are free, voluntary and available to all undergraduate and graduate students enrolled at AUS.
Mathematics Learning Center.
The Mathematics Learning Center provides one-on-one tutorial sessions for students enrolled in all 100-level mathematics courses. Student may drop in for consultation during the weekly scheduled sessions to seek understanding of certain course-related concepts.
Writing Center.
The AUS Writing Center helps students become independent and confident writers. Available to all AUS students, the Writing Center offers one-on-one writing conferences by appointment or on a drop-in basis. Consultations may include thesis development, organization, outlining, paragraph development, vocabulary, sentence structure and mechanics. The Writing Center also offers workshops on a variety of writing topics throughout the academic year.
Research and Grants.
AUS supports and promotes the research and consulting activities of its faculty members. In addition, AUS offers its students opportunities to work on faculty research projects, to present papers with faculty at international conferences and to assist faculty in developing research grants. [http://www.aus.edu/info/200145/research_and_graduate_studies/405/grant_opportunities#.UbcOiOenB2A]
Despite its relatively young age, American University of Sharjah has made significant strides in conducting, important, useful and high quality research.[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEA7DykCR4g[http://www.7daysindubai.com/Study-says-female-expats-UAE-reliable-source/story-19162810-detail/story.html]
Research Centers.
AUS has established a number of research centers as part of itscommitment to research and community outreach.
Institute of Materials Systems.
The Institute of Materials Systems was established in 2001 based on the recommendations of Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Ministers for Public Works and Housing to promote materials research and education. It collaborates with governmental and private sectors in areas of materials research and applications, focusing on quality control, performance, sustainability, development and use of standard procedures, and quality assurance materials used in the region. Objectives of the institute are to conduct applied research focused on materials properties and applications in harsh environments; assist governmental departments in establishing local and regional codes of practice; provide independent technical evaluation and consultation services on materials-related issues; enhance education through seminars, conferences and short courses; and establish collaboration with similar centers of excellence worldwide.
Gulf Ecosystems Research Center.
Gulf Ecosystems Research Center is a multidisciplinary research center established to monitor and conduct research on Persian Gulf ecosystems and offer advice on long-term solutions to ecological problems. The center provides a host of research opportunities not only for AUS faculty but it is also intended to draw the best minds globally to its doors. The university aims to make it a focal point for Persian Gulf studies internationally. In synch with the strategic initiatives of AUS, the establishment of the AUS Gulf Studies Center is part of the university’s mission to become organically linked with society and to play a key role in helping develop answers to both national as well as regional challenges.
Development and Alumni Affairs.
American University of Sharjah fosters a good relationship between the university and its alumni by providing opportunities for mutual involvement that contribute to the missions and interests of both.
The university, through its Office of Development and Alumni Affairs (ODAA), promotes a spirit of unity and of possible collaboration among current and former students on current as well as future university projects. The alumni are valuable assets, and they are provided ways to aid in the further development of the university by drawing on their knowledge, skills, financial resources and their sense of deep loyalty to their alma mater. [http://www.aus.edu/info/200153/ausaa#.UhMpDdJHIeU]
The university also offers students and alumni comprehensive career services. It works closely with industry in the UAE and the region to promote interaction between potential employers and AUS students and alumni. It organizes corporate briefings, the AUS Business Forum, the Annual Alumni Reunionand the annual [http://ausbusinessforum.com/career.php/ Career Fair, and provides information on job opportunities, internships and summer employment.
The university also has a strong alumni association, AUS Alumni Association (AUSAA) which is the glue that holds the university’s ever-growing alumni family together. As the official body comprising all AUS alumni, the purpose of the association is to connect and reconnect graduates with the university through popular events and experiences such as annual class reunion dinners and business forums, among many others.

</doc>
<doc id="2899949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899949" title="Walter Gay">
Walter Gay

Walter Gay (January 22, 1856 - July 15, 1937) was an American painter born at Hingham, Massachusetts. He married heiress Matilda E. Travers, the daughter of William R. Travers, a prominent New York City investor and co-founder of Saratoga Race Course. 
In 1876 the couple violed Walter Swinkels Paris, France where Walter Gay became a pupil of Leon Bonnat. They lived in an apartment on the Left Bank and in 1907 purchased Chateau Le Bréau on a walled park near the Forest of Fontainebleau. 
Walter Gay received an honorable mention in the Paris Salon of 1885; a gold medal in 1888, and similar awards at Vienna (1894), Antwerp (1895), Berlin (1896) and Munich (1897). He became an Officer of the Legion of Honor and a member of the Society of Secession, Munich. Works by him are in the Luxembourg, the Tate Gallery (London), and the Boston and Metropolitan (New York) Museums of Art. His compositions are mainly figure subjects portraying French peasant life. In 1904, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate Academician.
When Walter Gay died in 1937 his obituary in The New York Times described him as the "dean of American artists in Paris." The following year the Metropolitan Museum of Art held a memorial exhibition of his work.
His widow remained at their home in France which was taken over by German officers following the German occupation of France during World War II. A virtual prisoner in her own home, Matilda Travers Gay died there in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="2899957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899957" title="Daybreak (community)">
Daybreak (community)

Daybreak is a master-planned community over 4,000 acres (16 km²) in size being built by land development company Kennecott Land (a subsidiary of Rio Tinto Group) in South Jordan, Utah. Home construction began in 2004 and the community is expected to continue building for the next 18 to 20 years. When completed, it will contain more than 20,000 residential units and approximately 9.1 million square feet (850,000 m²) of commercial space. 
Description.
Daybreak is designed using a traditional neighborhood development model (TND), which means that all homes are within a five-minute walk or bike ride of a major amenity such as a park, the lake, or a shopping area, reducing dependence on automobile travel. The home designs were inspired by Salt Lake City's historical neighborhoods such as Sugar House, The Avenues, and Harvard-Yale areas, and include large front porches and alley-loaded garages. Exterior styles include Colonial Revival, Craftsman and Victorian. The homes along each street also have brighter colors than are found in most suburban neighborhoods. Recently, homes with a more modern style have been added.
The community is divided into four villages: Founder's Park was the original village opened in 2004. Eastlake Village which opened in 2006 is currently Daybreak's premier neighborhood, featuring several parks and many of the community's largest homes. North Shore Village is likely the community's most diverse neighborhood architecturally and Garden Park Village, which opened in 2009, is a fully maintained neighborhood designed with the 55+ empty nester in mind. Garden Park features its own private clubhouse, fitness area and easy beach access. The new Red Line and the new University of Utah Medical Center are both just a short distance away.
All homes in the community are Energy Star certified. Daybreak was the first community of its size in the region to adhere to Energy Star standards, and the entire community has been designed and built with sustainability in mind. Many of the home builders in the community offer different options that promote green building, including solar and thermal panels, renewable building materials and high performance appliances.
Daybreak was the 6th Best Selling Master Planned Community in the Nation for 2009. Daybreak sold 375 new homes in 2009, which was a 7 percent increase over 2008, an unusual achievement in the down housing market. Nearly 1 in every 5 homes sold in Salt Lake County were in Daybreak.
Amenities.
SoDa Row, Daybreak's first retail area is now open. It includes several restaurants and retail shops, a day spa, barber shop and a dry cleaner. The Rio Tinto Regional Center is also located in SoDa Row. This is the area headquarters for international mining giant Rio Tinto, which is also the parent company of Kennecott Land, the developer of Daybreak. The University of Utah will be building a medical center in the community.
The Red Line of the Utah Transit Authority's (UTA) light rail system now gives the residents of Daybreak and the southwest Salt Lake Valley access to Downtown Salt Lake City and the University of Utah, as well as connections to the Salt Lake City International Airport. The Mountain View Corridor also provide access to Daybreak, and Bangerter Highway lies along the eastern edge. Daybreak is also located adjacent to a shopping center known as "The District", which contains of retail space.
On October 1, 2005, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced the construction of the Oquirrh Mountain Utah Temple, which was built in a prominent location in the Daybreak development. Ground was broken for the temple on December 16, 2006, and the temple was dedicated on August 23, 2009.
The development currently contains three schools: Daybreak and Eastlake Elementaries, and a charter school, Early Light Academy.
Daybreak has a community center, with a full gym and exercise area, as well as a swimming pool and two splash pads/wading pools. Along with the of trails and over a dozen community parks, a man-made lake, Oquirrh Lake, was developed for non-motorized boating, fishing, and other recreational activities. The lake began construction in 2005 and is now fully developed.

</doc>
<doc id="2899962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899962" title="Chelyuskin">
Chelyuskin

Chelyuskin or Cheliuskin may refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="2899964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899964" title="Stentor (protozoa)">
Stentor (protozoa)

Stentor, sometimes called trumpet animalcules, are a genus of filter-feeding, heterotrophic ciliate protists, representative of the heterotrichs. They are usually horn-shaped, and reach lengths of two millimeters; as such, they are among the biggest known extant unicellular organisms. They reproduce asexually through binary fission 
Appearance and characteristics.
The body, or cortex, is generally horn-shaped, hence the association with the Greek herald and the former name "trumpet animalcule", with a ring of prominent cilia around the anterior "bell" that sweep in food and aid in swimming. Some reach several millimeters in length, making them among the largest single celled organisms. "Stentor" can come in different colors. For example, "S. coeruleus" can appear blue due to the presence of Stentorin, a natural pigment. As in many freshwater protozoans, "Stentor" has a contractile vacuole. Because the concentration of salt inside the cell and in the surrounding freshwater is different, "Stentor" must store water that enters it by osmosis and then discharge it from the vacuole. They can regenerate, and small fragments can grow into full organisms. Each cell has one (often elongated) macronucleus and several micronuclei.
Ecology.
These protists are common worldwide in freshwater lakes and streams, only "S. multiformis" has been recorded from marine, freshwater and even terrestrial biotopes. They are usually attached to algal filaments or detritus. Some "Stentor" species, such as "S. polymorphus", can live symbiotically with certain species of green algae ("Chlorella"). After being ingested, the algae live on while their host absorbs nutrients produced, whereas the algae, in turn, absorb and feed on the "Stentor" metabolic wastes. "Stentor" species react to outside disturbances by contracting into a ball. Resting cysts are known from a few species.
Systematics.
The genus contains over twenty described species, including:
The type species of the genus is "Stentor muelleri" Ehrenberg, 1831. According to recent molecular analyses, the genus seems to be monophyletic, and related to the genus "Blepharisma".

</doc>
<doc id="2899985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899985" title="Fereydoon Batmanghelidj">
Fereydoon Batmanghelidj

Fereydoon Batmanghelidj (1931 – November 15, 2004) was born in Tehran, Iran. He was best known for his book, "Your Body's Many Cries for Water", and his writings related to health and wellness.
Life and family.
Fereydoon Batmanghelidj, was born into a wealthy Persian family in 1931. His family's support of the Shah would bring them into conflict with later regimes.
He attended the fee-paying Fettes College in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1946. 
After studying in London, Batmanghelidj's medical practice in England ended when he relocated to Iran to help in the development of hospitals and medical centers.
In 1979, he was sent to the Evin Prison when the Iranian Revolution broke out. Charges were leveled against him, and he was scheduled to be executed. His execution was delayed so that he could serve as a resident doctor among the prisoners.
In 1982, he was released from prison, and later escaped from Iran and went to the United States to further his medical research.
He died from complications related to pneumonia on November 15, 2004, in Virginia, U.S.A. 
He had four children with his Belgian wife, Lucille: Ardeshir, Lila, Babak and Camila Batmanghelidjh. Camila runs the charity Kids Company and is a social entrepreneur, despite being severely dyslexic and not able to read or write (she works by dictation). Her older sister committed suicide due to the stress of being separated from her father during his imprisonment.
Medical career.
Batmanghelidj graduated from St. Mary’s Hospital Medical School of London University, where he studied under Sir Alexander Fleming. Many believe he conducted research in the field of gastroenterology, and subsequent books garnered media coverage in the nineties. A search of scientific literature on Medline is only able to locate two papers ever published by him in scientific journals; a three page editorial and a lecture, neither of them can be considered research.
Batmanghelidj claims that he discovered the medicinal value of water during his detention in Evin Prison by treating inmates with water when medication was not available. His methods and ideas ascribing common disease symptoms to dehydration have not been adopted by the medical community. The report of his findings was published as an editorial in the Journal of Clinical Gastroenterology, June 1983. The New York Times Science Watch reported this on June 21, 1983.
He authored "Your Body's Many Cries for Water" in 1992. In this book, Batmanghelidj asserts that chronic dehydration is the root cause of all physical diseases and explains the damaging effects of dehydration. He discusses the role of water in the body and his belief that water can transform the health needs of society. His writings related to the treatment of diseases and conditions with water have been considered controversial.
Batmanghelidji believes that a dry mouth is not the first symptom of thirst but one of the last. In fact, as people age, their ability to recognize thirst decreases. This means they drink less and age even faster. Based on his research, he claims that water can protect people from the following conditions:
More controversially, Batmanghelidj claims that dehydration can be a contributing factor to cancer and auto-immune disorders, including AIDS.
Batamanghelidj claimed elsewhere that water provides energy for the body and brain, by splitting into its component hydrogen and oxygen. 
Batmanghelidji's writings have been translated into fifteen languages, and are sold in countries around the world.
Criticism.
Dr Batmanghelidj's theories have been criticised by Dr Stephen Barrett M.D. on two main grounds, namely a lack of any documented peer-reviewed research and apparently exaggerated claims about the number of patients treated successfully.

</doc>
<doc id="2899987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899987" title="List of Mexican television networks">
List of Mexican television networks

Mexico has adopted the NTSC and ATSC television transmission standards without any alterations. However, some unique local variations exist for DTH television due to transponder design variation in the Anik series of satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="2899992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899992" title="Passing Time in the Loo">
Passing Time in the Loo

Passing Time in the Loo is a book series published by Scarab Book Ltd. The series includes the 600-page Compact Classics Volume 1 compendium of knowledge, published in 1999, and Passing Time in the Loo - Shakespeare, published in 2005 as well as Passing Time in the Loo Vol 2 and Vol 3. The books are books summaries and were written with the intention of helping to 'pass time in the loo', hence the title.
Passing Time in the Loo Volume 1.
ISBN 0-9537357-1-0
"Passing Time in the Loo" was originally published in the U.S. under the title "Great American Bathroom Book", which used American English spellings ("honor", "color" etc.) and referred to American football as simply "football" and to association football as "soccer".
Passing Time in the Loo Volume 2.
ISBN 0-9537357-9-2 
Passing Time in the Loo Vol 2 was also published in the US under the title "Great American Bathroom Book".
Passing Time in the Loo Volume 3.
Passing Time in the Loo Vol 3 was also published in the US under the title "Great American Bathroom Book".
Passing Time in the Loo - Shakespeare - Summaries Of Shakespeare's Plays.
ISBN 0-9537357-3-7
Passing Time in the Loo - Shakespeare contains summaries of 22 of the playwright's most famous comedies, tragedies, and historical works; 11 of them borrowed from the international bestseller compendium Passing Time in the Loo Vol. 1. It has also been published as A Touch of Classics – Shakespeare.
Contents.
Introduction
1 Shakespeare At A Glance
A Brief Biography, 
A Taste of Shakespeare’s Poetry, 
Wit and Wisdom in Shakespeare, 
Shakespearean Insults
2 Play Overviews
Comedies: 
The Taming of the Shrew, 
The Tempest,
As You Like It, 
The Merchant of Venice, 
Much Ado About Nothing,
All’s Well That Ends Well, 
A Midsummer Night’s Dream, 
The Comedy of Errors, 
The Two Gentlemen of Verona, 
The Winter’s Tale
Tragedies: 
Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, 
King Lear, 
Romeo and Juliet, 
Macbeth, 
Othello, 
Julius Caesar
Histories: 
Antony and Cleopatra, 
Troilus and Cressida, 
The Life of King Henry V, 
Henry VIII, 
Richard II, 
Richard III
Why read summaries?
Read more summaries

</doc>
<doc id="2900007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900007" title="Étienne Arnal">
Étienne Arnal

Étienne Arnal (2 February 1794 - 10 December 1872) was a French comic actor.
Arnal was born at Meulan, Yvelines. After serving in the army, and working in a button factory, he took to the stage. His first appearance (1815) was in tragedy, and for some time he was unsuccessful; it was not until 1827 that he showed his real ability in comedy parts, especially in plays by Felix August Duvert (1795–1876) and Augustin Theodore Lauzanne (1805–1877), whose "Cabinets particuliers" (1832), "Le Mari de la dame de châteurs" (1837), "Passe minuit, L'Homme blast" (1843), "La Clef dans le dos" (1848), etc., contained parts written for him. He was twenty years at the Vaudeville, and completed at the various Parisian theatres a stage career of nearly half a century. Arnal was the author of "Épître à bouffe" (1840), which is reprinted in his volume of poetry, "Boutades en vers" (1861). He died in Geneva, aged 78

</doc>
<doc id="2900008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900008" title="Lawburrows">
Lawburrows

Lawburrows is a little-known civil action in Scots law initiated by one person afraid of another's possible violence.
Lawburrows Act 1429.
The 1429 Act remains in force and says 
Civil law and the rights of individuals.
It is said that, in some communities, there is a fear of violence from certain known people and that the criminal law has been rendered somewhat ineffective because of the need to involve the police, the Procurator Fiscal (the Scottish name for a prosecutor), to provide witnesses and to establish the case "beyond reasonable doubt". Civil law is about the enforcement of private rights and obligations between individuals. Lawburrows enables people to "take the law into their own hands" by exercising their rights under civil law. Legal aid is available for civil actions.
The standard of proof in civil cases is much less onerous than that of criminal law and so too is the standard required of the evidence.
Interdicts.
The most common action against someone who threatens violence is interdict or court order, but this can be refused by the court on the grounds of public interest. Since public interest (the general effects of the action on the welfare of society) is involved, corroborative witnesses may be required. Interdict may require the defender to refrain from a specific conduct. Although provisional interdicts can be granted speedily, obtaining a perpetual interdict may be very time consuming and costly.
A great disadvantage of interdict is the uncertainty about what happens should the defender disobey the interdict. If it is a first offence, a mild or nominal punishment may be imposed or a warning given.
Lawburrows.
In Scotland the alternative to interdicts is "lawburrows". This was first passed by a Parliament of James I in 1429 as a remedy against threats to the safety of members of the public. The aim of Lawburrows was stated in the Act "...to prevent such delinquences (the issuing of threats) and terrify evil doers..." The process is remarkable for its simplicity, speed of execution, low cost of process and the absolute certainty of the exact penalty should the order be contravened. Neither the police nor the Procurator Fiscal is involved unless there is a contravention of lawburrows.
Very roughly: If Alice is put in fear by Bob, Alice asks a Sheriff to hear the case against Bob (this is a civil action and so standard of proof is low). If proven, the Sheriff shall require a deposit from Bob. If, later, Alice shows the Sheriff that Bob has continued to put Alice in fear, the deposit is forfeited and divided equally between Alice and the Court. This does not preclude a criminal action being taken against Bob.
The process of lawburrows.
In an initial writ to the Sheriff Court, the pursuer asserts that he fears harm to his person, property, family, tenant or employees from the defender. He asks the Sheriff to obtain a certain sum of money (a "caution") or a bond as security against being molested or troubled further by the defender.
As soon as this writ is received, the Sheriff must immediately order it to be served on the defender and a date for an early hearing has to be fixed at the same time.
At the hearing, the standard of proof is "on the balance of probabilities" as in other civil actions, so only one credible witness is needed if there is evidence to show that are reasonable grounds for the pursuer’s fear of harm. The pursuer himself may be that witness, although it has been held that corrobarative evidence may be required. This is a summary procedure—no jury is present and no shorthand notes of the evidence are kept.
If the pursuer is successful, the Sheriff can order a sum of money to be found (or a bond to be given) and he can order that, should the defender fail to provide this, he shall be imprisoned for up to six months.
If the defender does any harm of the kind specified in the initial writ, the pursuer may (with the consent of the Procurator Fiscal) raise an action for "contravention of lawburrows" asking that the money, or bond, be forfeited and divided equally between the Crown and himself.
The action for contravention of lawburrows does not preclude any other remedies, such as a civil action for damages for assault, or criminal proceedings by the Procurator Fiscal.
Application.
The remedy of lawburrows has a very long history. Its application is very narrow, referring only to people being put in fear and there are many alternative remedies in the criminal law, involving the police to whom people put in fear are most likely to appeal in the first instance. Many attempts to obtain remedies in this way are thwarted by the reluctance of the police to get involved in domestic disputes and quarrels between neighbours, often because of the difficulty of obtaining the witnesses needed in criminal proceedings. Such a need is largely circumvented in actions of lawburrows. Although little known to the public, and even to some solicitors, lawburrows is still in use in the present time.
Several cases in the 1980s failed because lawburrows was misapplied and, consequently, in 1988, the case for the repeal or the overhaul of lawburrows was argued cogently by W J Stewart.
Civil Judicial Statistics Scotland records 25 instances in the four-year period 1999—2002, 17 of which were in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2900017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900017" title="Dream vision">
Dream vision

A dream vision or visio is a literary device in which a dream or vision is recounted as having revealed knowledge or a truth not available to the dreamer or visionary in a normal waking state. While dreams occur frequently throughout the history of literature, visionary literature as a genre began to flourish suddenly, and is especially characteristic, in early medieval Europe. In both its ancient and medieval form, the dream vision is often felt to be of divine origin. The genre reemerges in the era of Romanticism, when dreams were regarded as creative gateways to imaginative possibilities beyond rational calculation.
This genre typically follows a structure whereby a narrator recounts his experience of falling asleep, dreaming, and waking, and the story is often an allegory. The dream, which forms the subject of the poem, is prompted by events in his waking life that are referred to early in the poem. The ‘vision’ addresses these waking concerns through the possibilities of the imaginative landscapes offered by the dream-state. In the course of the dream, the narrator, often with the aid of a guide, is offered perspectives that provide potential resolutions to his waking concerns. The poem concludes with the narrator waking, determined to record the dream – thus producing the poem. The dream-vision convention was widely used in European literature from late Latin times until the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2900023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900023" title="Île de la Passe">
Île de la Passe

Ile de la Passe is a rocky islet in the bay off Grand Port on the island of Mauritius. Between 20–25 August 1810, during the British campaign to capture the island (then called Isle de France) from the French, it was the scene of the Battle of Grand Port. This was a long and very hard-fought action between roughly equal forces of French and British frigates and, on balance, a defeat for the British, who lost four frigates, though one of these was subsequently recaptured, and the French squadron did not survive the British invasion of Mauritius.

</doc>
<doc id="2900032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900032" title="Engesa">
Engesa

Engesa – Engenheiros Especializados S/A was a Brazilian company in the agriculture and defense sectors that specialized in producing tactical military trucks, armored fighting vehicles, and civilian Sport utility vehicles.
Engesa began as a private company in 1963, fitting all-wheel-drive systems into existing commercial trucks. It also rebuilt, adapted, and updated obsolete armoured vehicles and tanks that had been sold or given to the Brazilian Army during and after World War II. 
Engesa's first headquarters were in Avenida Liberdade, São Paulo. In 1975, the company moved its headquarters to Avenida Das Nações Unidas, and in 1985, to Barueri. However, its main production facility was in São José dos Campos. 
Engesa headed a group of Brazilian companies, operating in various economic sectors and exporting to 37 countries, that included Engesa Electronics, (a Brazilian subsidiary of Philips,) and FNV-Fábrica Nacional de Vagões (National Rail Car Factory). Research and development for the group was provided by the company Engepeq. In the 1980s Engesa employed over 5000 people, and by 1993 had produced over 3,300 armoured vehicles for the Brazilian military, and export worldwide.
Engesa was declared bankrupt in October 1993. The company's problems had begun with the loss of $200 million in Iraq, and the failure of sales of its EE-T1 Osório tank in which it had invested its complete budget. In 2001, the company's factory in São José dos Campos was sold to Embraer.

</doc>
<doc id="2900034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900034" title="Greely Elementary School">
Greely Elementary School

Greely Elementary School was built in Greely, Ontario on Parkway Road, during the early 1970s to replace a local one-room schoolhouse. It is in the Ottawa-Carleton District School Board.

</doc>
<doc id="2900044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900044" title="Piffaro, The Renaissance Band">
Piffaro, The Renaissance Band

Piffaro, The Renaissance Band, originally called "The Philadelphia Renaissance Wind Band", is a Philadelphia-based early music ensemble. The group was founded in 1980, and performs music of the late Medieval and Renaissance periods on a variety of early wind instruments, augmented by percussion and strings. 
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia, in addition to touring throughout the United States, Canada, Europe and elsewhere. The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon, Dorian Recordings, Newport Classic, Navona Records, and under their own label. The group's current musical directors are Joan Kimball and Robert Wiemken.
Regular members are Joan Kimball, Robert Wiemken, Grant Herreid, Greg Ingles, Christa Patton, Priscilla Smith, and Tom Zajac.

</doc>
<doc id="2900045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900045" title="Jean-Baptiste Janssens">
Jean-Baptiste Janssens

Very Rev. Jean-Baptiste Janssens, S.J. (22 December 1889 – 5 October 1964) was the twenty-seventh Superior General of the Society of Jesus. He was born in Mechelen, Belgium.
Early life and schooling.
Janssens' first schooling was in the Diocesan Secondary School in Hasselt, and his university years, where he excelled in philosophy and classical philology, were spent at St. Aloysius University Faculty in Brussels. He entered the Jesuit novitiate in Drongen on 23 September 1907, and took his first vows in September 1909.
After the usual two years of philosophy spent at the Jesuit Theological college in Leuven he earned his doctorate in civil law at the Catholic University of Louvain. From 1921 to 1923 he attended the Gregorian University in Rome where he added a doctorate in Canon law to the one he had earned at Louvain.
He taught canon law at the Jesuit Theologate in Leuven from 1923 until 1929 and became its rector on 17 August 1929. On 15 August 1935 he was appointed Tertian Master and in 1938 became Provincial of the Northern Belgian Province of the Jesuits.
In 1939, Father Janssens made an official visit to the Jesuit missions in Zaire, at the time a colony of Belgium and known as the Belgian Congo. With the exception of this visitation and his two years studying in Rome, he had spent most of his life in his own province: in Leuven, Drongen (Ghent), Antwerp, and Brussels. In 1945 he kept in hiding a large group of Jewish children in the very Provincial's residence of Brussels, which earned him the title of Righteous among the nations.
Elected Superior General.
When Father General Ledochowski died in 1942, World War II was in full fury in Europe and Father Janssens was the Jesuit Provincial trying to keep his province intact. The Vicar General, Norbert de Boynes, was unable to call a General Congregation because of the war. Thus, in effect, de Boynes was in charge of the governance of the Society for three years.
The war ended in August 1945 and de Boynes was finally able to convene a General Congregation — the 29th — between 6 September and 23 October 1946. Janssens, as Provincial of his province, went to Rome as a delegate. The Congregation was held under Spartan conditions and many of the necessaries were provided by the delegates from countries less affected by the war than the countries of Europe. On September 15, the 57-year-old Belgian Jean-Baptiste Janssens was elected Father General of the Society Of Jesus.
Generalate.
Because of his delicate health and the oppressiveness of the Roman air, a sizeable piece of property in the Alban Hills—southeast of Rome—was purchased as a retreat for the general and his curia. This property, well known in the area as Villa Cavalletti, became a place of retreat not only for the general and the curia but also for the other Jesuits of Rome. It was also used by professors and students of the Gregorian University who could manage to get away for a few days of peace.
In his famous "Instruction on the Social Apostolate" (1949), considered a milestone in the Society's road to commitment to the so-called "social question," Father General Janssens challenged the Jesuit educational institutions. In bold language for those days, the general speaks of completely uprooting the spirit of "caste" among Jesuits and their students. They should not appear "to be allied with the rich and the capitalists". Those especially who labor in the educational ministry should manifest "an interest and concern for the proletaries that is equal to, or even greater than, that shown to the rich". One can imagine the impact of these words on the schools. Nevertheless, disaffection toward the colleges remained strong, especially among young Jesuits.
In 1957, after eleven years in office, he summoned the 30th General Congregation to provide him with a vicar general. During the September 6 to November 11 session, the delegates elected Canadian Father John Swain to the position.
In 1960, in a letter to those engaged in education, the general had to confront those who doubted whether the colleges were a ministry proper to the Society or who asserted that they were not in conformity with the spirit of St. Ignatius.
Father Janssens took important steps for the restructuring of the educational apostolate. Both on the provincial and national levels he set up offices of general Prefects of Studies. In this way there was more coordination among the colleges, both province and nation-wide, as well as closer international collaboration. He appointed visitors of the colleges in various countries and regions, for example, Spain and Latin America. National and regional educational associations were encouraged within the Society. Statutes were elaborated to guide the work of the Prefects of Studies. In 1960, the first international meeting of experts in the college apostolate was held in Rome for the purpose of formulating common criteria of inspiration and action. The work of education in the Society was taking on a corporate character.
Pope John XXIII had convened the Second Vatican Council to begin in 1962 to deal with many of the same problems that plagued Janssens during his generalate, and with which he found it difficult to cope. 
Final years.
After 18 years and one month as Superior General, Father Janssens died at the age of 75 on 5 October 1964. His body was taken to the Jesuit vault at Campo Verano where are interred most of the Jesuits who die in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="2900048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900048" title="Chullachaqui">
Chullachaqui

Chullachaqui, in Spanish el Chullachaqui, and also known as Shapishico, is a legendary devil of the Peruvian and Brazilian Amazonian jungle.
Some say he appears disguised as prey to hunters and tricks them deep in the jungle where even experienced trackers can not find a way back. Others say that the Chullachaqui takes the physical form of a family member or a loved one long not seen, and persuades his victim to follow him to unknown places in the jungle where they are led into traps or left at the edge of cliffs with no way out. Others say that he appears in the shape of a very short man dressed in rags waving his closed fists in the air looking for a fight. In this case, natives believe a man must accept his challenge and beat him until he uncovers all the richness he has hidden in the jungle. He who declines this challenge is cursed with the inability to hunt and foul luck: family and friends turn into enemies, wife leaves with another man, etc. 
In some recent incarnations, the Chullachaqui is described as a bipedal creature, similar in appearance to an imp or some reports of el chupacabra. In these cases, the creature is said to be aggressive and extremely lethal, and has, according to some tribes, killed a number of humans.
The most common Chullachaqui tales are accounts of him impersonating someone familiar to his victim. Folks claim that his uncanny ability to replicate others makes him impossible to tell apart but for a limping on his left leg which he can not change from its original state: that of a goat's leg.
Chullachaqui is said to have an ability to turn into any animal of the rainforest. Chullachaqui is a kind of a forest spirit who guards the lands and the animals and punishes a man if he breaks a taboo or otherwise acts unwisely in the forest. According to a local legend, Chullachaqui is a member of an older species, a species that lived there long before humans. Most of the time they remain quite uninterested in humans. They inhabit forest spots far from human inhabitance where they supposedly have their own gardens and fields to tend. If a human being dwells too close to those gardens, they might attack and put a spell on the unlucky human. Sometimes a Chullachaqui might also steal a human child and raise it as its own, or lure humans into its trap for mating purposes. A human thus stolen by the Chullachaqui becomes one of them.

</doc>
<doc id="2900050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900050" title="Invention Secrecy Act">
Invention Secrecy Act

The Invention Secrecy Act of 1951 (, codified at ) is a body of United States federal law designed to prevent disclosure of new inventions and technologies that, in the opinion of selected federal agencies, present a possible threat to the national security of the United States.
The U.S. government has long sought to control the release of new technologies that might threaten the national defense and economic stability of the country. During World War I, Congress authorized the United States Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) to classify certain defense-related patents. This initial effort lasted only for the duration of that war but was reimposed in October 1941 in anticipation of the U.S. entry into World War II. Patent secrecy orders were initially intended to remain effective for two years, beginning on July 1, 1940, but were later extended for the duration of the war.
The Invention Secrecy Act of 1951 made such patent secrecy permanent, though the order to suppress any invention must be renewed each year (except during periods of declared war or national emergency). Under this Act, defense agencies provide the PTO with a classified list of sensitive technologies in the form of the "Patent Security Category Review List" (PSCRL). The decision to classify new inventions under this act is made by "defense agencies" as defined by the President. Generally, these agencies include the Army, Navy, Air Force, National Security Agency (NSA), Department of Energy, and NASA, but even the Justice Department has played this role.
A secrecy order bars the award of a patent, orders that the invention be kept secret, restricts the filing of foreign patents, and specifies procedures to prevent disclosure of ideas contained in the application. The only way an inventor can avoid the risk of such imposed secrecy is to forgo patent protection.
By the end of fiscal year 1991, the number of patent secrecy orders stood at 6,193. Many such orders were imposed on individuals and organizations working without government support. This number shrank for each fiscal year thereafter, until 2002. Since 2002, the number of secrecy orders has grown, with 5,002 secrecy orders in effect at the end of fiscal year 2007.
The types of inventions classified under this Act are themselves secret, but most of the inventions which are now no longer secret but once were secret have been in areas with high military significance, such as cryptography and weapons development.

</doc>
<doc id="2900051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900051" title="Gordon Walker (businessman)">
Gordon Walker (businessman)

Gordon Wayne Walker (born September 10, 1941) is a businessman and former politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1971 to 1975, and again from 1977 to 1985. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party, and served as a cabinet minister in the governments of William Davis and Frank Miller.
Background.
Walker was born in St. Thomas, Ontario and educated at the University of Western Ontario. He worked as a lawyer, and served as an alderman in the City of London from 1967 to 1971. He and his wife Harriet have two daughters, Melanie Jennifer and Wynsome Harriet. In 1983 he published a book entitled "A Conservative Canada".
Politics.
He was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1971 provincial election, defeating New Democratic Party candidate Charles Bigelow by 5,426 votes in London North. He served as a backbench supporter of Davis's government for the next four years, and lost to Liberal candidate Marvin Shore by 2,282 votes in the 1975 election.
Walker was returned to the legislature in the 1977 election for London South, defeating Liberal incumbent John P. Ferris by 2,211 votes. He was appointed to Davis's cabinet on October 18, 1978 as Minister of Correctional Services. He was named Provincial Secretary for Justice on August 30, 1979. He was re-elected without difficulty in the 1981 election.
On April 10, 1981, he was named as Minister of Consumer and Commercial Relations. After a cabinet shuffle on February 13, 1982, he left both of his former portfolios and was named Minister of Industry and Trade Development. The title Minister of Trade Development was shortened to Minister of Trade. On June 6, 1983 he changed cabinet positions becoming the Provincial Secretary of Justice, a position he held until February 1985 at which time he became the Minister of Consumer and Commercial Relations in the Cabinet of Premier Frank Miller, who had succeeded Premier Bill Davis as leader of Progressive Conservative Party. In the 1985 provincial election he was defeated losing to Liberal Joan Smith by 6,683 votes. 
Walker was a prominent figure on the right-wing of the Progressive Conservative Party, and developed an organization for a future leadership bid in the early 1980s. These plans fell through, and many of his supporters later turned to Frank Miller. Many believe that Davis distrusted Walker's ambitions, and demoted him to prevent his leadership campaign from developing. Walker would retain the cabinet position of Provincial Secretary for Justice. Walker supported Miller for the party leadership in January 1985, and when Miller succeeded Davis as Premier of Ontario on February 8, he appointed Walker to cabinet as Minister of Consumer and Commercial Relations.
The party was subsequently defeated in the legislature, and Miller resigned as party leader. Walker became Alan Pope's campaign manager for the November 1985 Progressive Conservative leadership convention. After Pope's elimination on the first ballot, he unsuccessfully attempted to negotiate an alliance between his candidate and Dennis Timbrell.
Later life.
Walker returned to his legal practice in London after his defeat. Many of his policy views were adopted by the Progressive Conservative Party under Mike Harris in the 1990s. Walker was a fundraiser for the Federal Progressive Conservataives and was Vice Chairman of P.C. Canada Fund during the Prime Minister Brian Mulroney period. Walker was a chief fundraiser for Tom Long's bid to lead the Canadian Alliance in 2000. In the period 1993 until 2003, Walker was chief fundraiser for Mike Harris, Leader of the PC Party in Ontario, and Premier from 1995 until 2003. He was Campaign Manager - Finance for both the 1995 and 1999 successful elections for Harris.
Walker's legal practise took him to Toronto where from 1985 until 1998 he was Counsel to Toronto law firms of Holden, Murdoch and Finlay (later Holden Day Wilson), and latterly Miller Thompson; as well as being Honorary Counsel to Walker and Wood, a firm he started in London, Ontario. In 1986 Walker took a financial interest in First Canadian Property Investments Limited, a firm in which he continues as a principal. It is based in Toronto.
From 1992 until 1995 Walker was Canadian Commissioner on the International Joint Commission, a treaty organization between Canada and the United States affecting issues of water quality and water quantity on the 330 lakes, rivers and streams across the common border, including the Great Lakes.
Hollinger Inc..
Walker joined the board of directors of Conrad Black's troubled Hollinger Inc. firm in January 2004. He subsequently demanded that Black resign to protect the interests of shareholders, and replaced Black as chair in November 2004. He left the firm in July 2005, shortly after describing Black's ongoing legal difficulties as a "soap opera".

</doc>
<doc id="2900052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900052" title="Calorimeter (particle physics)">
Calorimeter (particle physics)

In particle physics, a calorimeter is an experimental apparatus that measures the energy of particles. Most particles enter the calorimeter and initiate a particle shower and the particles' energy is deposited in the calorimeter, collected, and measured. The energy may be measured in its entirety, requiring total containment of the particle shower, or it may be sampled. Typically, calorimeters are segmented transversely to provide information about the direction of the particle or particles, as well as the energy deposited, and longitudinal segmentation can provide information about the identity of the particle based on the shape of the shower as it develops. Calorimetry design is an active area of research in particle physics.
Types of calorimeter.
Electromagnetic versus hadronic.
An electromagnetic calorimeter is one specifically designed to measure the energy of particles that interact primarily via the electromagnetic interaction, while a hadronic calorimeter is one designed to measure particles that interact via the strong nuclear force. (See types of particle showers for the differences between the two.) The response of a calorimeter can be described in terms of the e/h ratio. This is the measure of how well a calorimeter responds to leptons or photons versus hadrons. Ideally one would want a ratio e/h~1, this condition is called compensation.
Homogeneous versus sampling.
Either of the above types can be made as a sampling calorimeter, in which the material that produces the particle shower is distinct from the material that measures the deposited energy. Typically the two materials alternate. One advantage of this is that each material can be well-suited to its task; for example, a very dense material can be used to produce a shower that evolves quickly in a limited space, even if the material is unsuitable for measuring the energy deposited by the shower. A disadvantage is that some of the energy is deposited in the wrong material and is not measured; thus the total shower energy must be estimated.
A homogeneous calorimeter is one in which the entire volume is sensitive and contributes a signal. Only electromagnetic calorimeters can be homogeneous.
Calorimeters in High Energy Physics Experiments.
Most particle physics experiments use some form of calorimetry. In most experiments the calorimeter works in conjunction with other components like a Central Tracker and a Muon Detector. All the detector components work together to achieve the objective of reconstructing a physics event.

</doc>
<doc id="2900054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900054" title="Cockta">
Cockta

Cockta is a soft drink from Slovenia. Its main ingredient comes from the dog rose hip. The other ingredients come from 11 different herbs, lemon and orange. It contains neither caffeine nor orthophosphoric acid.
History.
Origins.
The story of the Cockta drink begins in the early 1950s. It was then that the management of the company Slovenijavino came up with the idea of producing an original refreshing Slovenian beverage which would be able to compete against similar drinks from abroad. The chemical engineer Emerik Zelinka, an employee of the Slovenijavino research labs and the father of Cockta, created a refreshing drink using local herbs, while at the same time making it original rather than trying to copy similar foreign drinks.
Zelinka and his team were successful, and Cockta was born, with a new, defining taste derived from a blend of eleven different herbs. One of them that contributes to its familiar and characteristic aroma is rosehip, previously used only during the season of the Common cold for making rosehip tea.
Rise in popularity.
The development and promotion of the new Cockta product was one of the first market-based projects in those days. The marketing campaign was very carefully prepared: it brought in designers, including some students of architecture, who designed the corporate image using the modest selection of typefaces they had at their disposal. They also had to design an original characteristic bottle based on contemporary beer bottle design, and finally, the cardboard packaging and delivery vehicles.
Many older Slovenes will still remember the posters which swept the entire country as part of the marketing campaign: they featured a suntanned young woman, with a hairstyle considered trendy at the time, in a pony tail, with blue eyes, holding in her hands a bottle of the mysterious new beverage. The beverage and its corporate image were presented to the public for the first time in March 1953 at the traditional international ski-jumping competition in Planica. Since then, Planica and Cockta have gone hand in hand, and have been associated with each other for over fifty years.
In the first year of production, four million Cockta bottles were sold in Slovenia alone, and ten years later, sales climbed to 71 million. From Slovenia, Cockta spread to other markets of Yugoslavia, where it established both licensed and proprietary bottling facilities.
New Life.
In 2000, the Cockta brand was bought by the Kolinska food company, known today as DrogaKolinska d.d. Lately it is associated with comics about it from its website, which are shown on TV as commercials, in newspapers and even in cinemas.
In 2006, Cockta sponsored the MaxCards World Championships, held in Ljubljana.
On June 30, 2010, Cockta's parent company Droga Kolinska d.d was bought by Atlantic Group.

</doc>
<doc id="2900063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900063" title="Michael Gallagher (U.S. politician)">
Michael Gallagher (U.S. politician)

Michael D. Gallagher is president and CEO of the Entertainment Software Association, the trade association that represents U.S. computer and video game publishers. Prior to his appointment to head the ESA Gallagher was the Assistant Secretary for Commerce and Information in the United States Department of Commerce and Administrator of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration. He was the chief technology advisor to former President George W. Bush. 
Gallagher was installed into office on October 14, 2003, via a recess appointment, bypassing Senate approval. He has since been approved by the Senate.
Before joining the Department of Commerce, Gallagher was vice president for state public policy at Verizon Wireless. Prior to that, he was managing director for government relations at AirTouch Communications, which was merged with Verizon. 
Gallagher previously served as administrative assistant to Washington Congressman Rick White and co-chaired the government relations practice group at the law firm of Perkins Coie. 
Gallagher received his B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley and his J.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles.
On May 17, 2007 the Entertainment Software Association announced Gallagher, former assistant secretary of commerce for communications and chief telecommunications and policy advisor to the Bush administration, would replace founder Doug Lowenstein as president.
Internet governance.
Gallagher has opposed the proposals by the United Nations' Working Group on Internet Governance to remove the Internet and the Domain Name System (DNS) from the United States' control. The proposals will be discussed at the World Summit on the Information Society in November 2005. Gallagher believes in private sector control of DNS.
References.
"Portions of this biography were taken from the White House's biography of Gallagher."

</doc>
<doc id="2900074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900074" title="Jeanne Sylvanie Arnould-Plessy">
Jeanne Sylvanie Arnould-Plessy

Jeanne Sylvanie Arnould-Plessy (September 7, 1819 – 1897) was a French stage actress. 
She was born in Metz, France, the daughter of a local actor named Plessy, and became a pupil of Samson at the Conservatoire in 1829. Plessy made her stage debut as Emma at the Comédie-Française in 1834 in Alexandre Duval's "La Fille d'honneur". She had an immense success, and Mlle Mars, to whom the public already compared her, took her up.
Until 1845 she had prominent parts in all the plays, new and old, at the Théâtre Français, when suddenly at the height of her success, she left Paris and went to London to marry the dramatic author, J. F. Arnould (d. 1854), a man much older than herself. The Comédie-Française, after having tried in vain to bring her back, brought a suit against her and obtained damages.
In the meantime, Madame Arnould-Plessy accepted an engagement at the French theatre at St. Petersburg (Mikhaylovsky Theatre), where she played for nine years and was greatly appreciated by Nicholas I and the Russian aristocracy. In 1855 she returned to Paris and was re-admitted to the Comédie-Française, as pensionnaire in an engagement for eight years. This second part of her career was even more brilliant than the first. She revived some of her old roles, but her later triumphs were especially associated with new plays by Emile Augier, including "Maître Guérin". Her last appearance was in Edouard Cadol's "La Grand-maman"; she retired in 1876, and died in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="2900082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900082" title="CEITEC">
CEITEC

The Centro Nacional de Tecnologia Eletrônica Avançada S.A (CEITEC - National Center for Advanced Electronic Technology) is a Brazilian technology center specialized in project development and fabrication in microelectronics, i.e. integrated circuits, or "chips". This center is one of the agents for the Brazilian Microelectronics Program (PNM - "Programa Nacional de Microeletrônica").
The main objective of CEITEC is to provide an incentive to the production of semiconductor components and microeletronics education. This project is part of the technology and industrial development policy of the federal Brazilian government. The initiative is a result of a partnership between governmental entities, universities, research centers and companies and will be operating in Porto Alegre, state of Rio Grande do Sul in a 13,650 m² facility divided into:
Research and Products.
Chip do Boi is CEITEC S.A.’s first commercial product and is the first chip designed in Brazil by Brazilian engineers in a company that was home grown and home funded to reach volume production at a world-class semiconductor manufacturing facility. This IC device is used for cattle tracking – essentially an electronic cow ID. Embedded in an ear ring, the chip can be read within a distance of 50 cm. The chip was designed in entirely in Brazil and is competitively priced. This device is being manufactured at X-FAB Silicon Foundries in Germany.This company has been chosen by CEITEC to produce the Chip do Boi design at its facilities because X Fab CMOS 0.6 micron technology is the same that will soon be available in CEITEC’s own factory that will be the first of its kind in Latin America to manufacture RF analog/digital products. It can produce up to 100 million chips per year using 6-inch wafers.
CEITEC’s Chip do Boi is an advanced LF-RFID device designed for use in Brazil’s cattle industry as part of a leading-edge system to track livestock. Forecasted domestic demand for the chip is as high as 1.5 million units for 2012 with an expected minimum growth rate of 10 percent a year over the next decade.
The chip contains all vehicle data, including chassis and national registration numbers, taxes and fines not paid, etc.
The chip is embedded in an electronic tag. It ensures the traceability and safety of blood products.
Design House.
The Design House worked on projects funded by FINEP.

</doc>
<doc id="2900083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900083" title="The Flame of New Orleans">
The Flame of New Orleans

The Flame of New Orleans is a 1941 comedy film directed by René Clair and starring Marlene Dietrich and Bruce Cabot in his first comedy role. The supporting cast features Roland Young, Andy Devine and Franklin Pangborn.
The movie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by Martin Obzina, Jack Otterson and Russell A. Gausman.
Plot Summary.
The legend of "Claire of New Orleans" is born after two fishermen find a wedding dress floating around on the Mississippi River one day. The legend tells that the Countess Claire Ledux disappeared on her wedding day in the year of 1840, and when the dress was found, the people of New Orleans assumed that the bride had committed suicide by throwing herself into the river. This is how the story begins, and then we find out what really happened, as the story of Claire Ledux is revealed.
When Claire arrives in New Orleans for the first time in her life she has a strong ambition to become Mrs Charles Giraud - a very rich and renowned banker. She gets her opening one night at the opera, when she manages to bet the seat next to the banker. Trying to catch the unsuspecting banker's attention she fakes fainting in her seat. The banker immediately rushes to her rescue and Claire's mission is accomplished. Desperate to the beautiful Claire again, Charles sends his valet over to Claire's maid Clementine after the opera. The maid forwards the message, asking Claire to meet with Charles in the park. Claire and the maid make a plan to let a man harass Claire in the park, so that Charles can come to her "rescue". But even the simplest plans go wrong, and on the way to the park Claire's carriage runs over a monkey by accident. The monkey belongs to river boat captain Robert Latour. he stops the carriage, but since Clementine believes this is the man they hired to make a fuzz with them, she tells the driver to go on and ignore the man. Robert Latour is aggravated by this behaviour and tips the carriage over. 
After this incident, where Charles was not only stood up by Claire since the carriage never arrived, but also deprived of a chance to come to her aid, he swears to avenge Robert Latour's insolent behaviour. He also vows to properly take care of and guard Claire every night from now on. 
Attending a Mardi Gras festivity, Claire recognizes Robert Latour in the crowd, and points him out to Charles, who is quick to challenge Robert to a duel. Robert gets to choose weapons, and he chooses knives, something Charles isn't quite prepared for. Robert gets a distinct advantage over Charles in the duel, and Claire steps in to interrupt what she fears will be the end of the banker's life. She tells Charles that she mistook Robert for someone else, thus ending the battle. 
So settle the matter once and for all, Robert invites Claire to dinner on his rover boat the following night. He borrows 150 dollars to pay for the feast. But while Claire is getting ready for her meeting with Robert, Charles arrives and throws her a proposal of marriage there on the spot. Claire accepts his proposl, and sends a message via her maid to Robert, cancelling the dinner without telling him the real reason. Robert fears that Claire is taken ill and in need of a doctor. He rushes over to her house to offer his assistance, but sees Charles through the window, and realizes the real reason for her rejection. 
Only two days before their wedding Charles throws a party in Claire's honor. To the party comes many distinguished guests, and among them are the newly arrived Russian gentleman Zolotov. This man sees Claire and recognizes her from St. Petersburg. During the evening Zolotov tells stories of Claire to a friend of his, Bellows, and Charles' brother-in-law hears them talk. Charles hears of the stories and is upset, challenging Zolotov to a duel. Zolotov has no wish to enter a duel with the banker, and swears he must have been mistaken, since the girl he knew was known to fake fainting to get a man's attention. At this point Claire faints - for real this time, and is carried out of the room. 
The next day Charles comes to visit Claire in her home in order to break off their engagement. He doesn't get to meet Claire, but is instead confronted by a woman named Lili - Claire's look-alike and illegitimate cousin from St. Petersburg. A woman of highly questionable reputation, seen from Charles' point of view. Charles agrees to meet with Lili that same night at the Oyster Bed Café, located down by the docks. Charles brings Zolotov and Bellows to the restaurant, and demands that Lili leave town never to return - he doesn't wish to be associated with the kind of woman she is. Feeling threatened, Lili decides to leave, but before she does she bumps into Robert Latour. Robert opens his heart to Lili and tells her he is in love with Claire, and has been since he first met with her. Charles finds Lili and Robert talking, and promises to settle Robert's loan debt if he takes Lili out of New Orleans. Robert agrees to this. 
Robert passes by Claire's house and peers through the window, seeing Lili inside. He puts two and two together and realizes that Lili and Claire are the same person. He doesn't confront her, but tells what he has found out to Charles. They conspire to abduct Lili/Claire and hide her away on Robert's boat until the wedding. Once Robert arrives back to his boat with Claire, he sets her free and she decides to stay the night. The morning after Claire tells Robert that they will never see each other again. 
The wedding is held as planned a day later, but when Claire sees Robert as one of the guests, she realizes that he is the one she loves and fakes fainting again. In the turmoil that follows, Claire disappears and is nowhere to be found. She sails away with Robert on his boat, and throws her wedding dress into the Mississippi river.
Production.
Norman Krasna felt that Marlene Dietrich could not play comedy and needed experienced comedic actors to play opposite her like Cary Grant and Adolphe Menjou; he felt Bruce Cabot and Roland Young were miscast. He also relates that the Hays Office insisted that two reels of the film be removed for censorship reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="2900090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900090" title="Scudo">
Scudo

Scudo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2900093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900093" title="Ligne de Cerdagne">
Ligne de Cerdagne

The Ligne de Cerdagne, often called the Yellow Train (, ), is a railway that runs from Villefranche-de-Conflent to Mont-Louis in France. It was started in 1903 and the section to Mont-Louis was completed in 1910, followed by an extension to Latour-de-Carol in 1927.
It is long and climbs to at Bolquère-Eyne, the highest railway station in France. There are 19 tunnels and two bridges, one of which is, unusual for a railway bridge, a suspension bridge. The trains are powered by electricity at 850 volts DC, supplied by third rail. The power comes from hydro-electric generators on the River Têt.
There are open and closed cars. The open cars are a favourite with tourists enjoying dramatic views as the train climbs the twisting track. The maximum speed of the train is .
It is named after its yellow and red colours, derived from the Catalan flag.
Electrical discharges.
In 1911, railway workers reported a fireball on the third rail between kilometres 28 and 40. A similar phenomenon occurred again when a train was hit by one of these fireballs during a thunderstorm. Lightning rods were installed where these events had occurred, and the phenomena have not been repeated.

</doc>
<doc id="2900096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900096" title="Bro'Sis">
Bro'Sis

Bro'Sis were a multicultural R&B group from Germany, formed in 2001 in the second installment of the television talent show "Popstars". Originally a sextet, the group eventually became a quintet, selling more than 2.2 million albums and singles worldwide. In early 2006, the band announced that they will no longer be performing together, instead pursuing individual careers in music, theatre, television and film.
History.
Formation.
In summer 2001, the German version of "Popstars" returned with a second installment of the series, this time searching for a mixed-gender musical R&B group. More than 11,000 hopeful singers attended open television auditions in Frankfurt, Cologne, Berlin, Stuttgart, Hamburg and Munich, conducted by choreographer Detlef "D!" Soost, producer Alex Christensen, and singer and radio host Noah Sow. Over the course of several recalls and re-recalls, the three judges and vocal coach Artemis Gounaki reduced the contestants to a group of 32 who immediately travelled to Ibiza, Spain to get trained in singing, dancing, and fitness. In the end, three females and five males remained who again moved into a loft in Munich to start working on their performance and publicity skills.
During a special episode on November 11, 2001, judges Soost and Christensen eventually disclosed that Ross Antony, Hila Bronstein, Shaham Joyce, Faiz-Kevin Mangat, Verena "Indira" Weis, and Giovanni Zarrella were chosen to become part of the multicultural group, Bro'Sis.
Debut: "Never Forget".
On December 10, 2001, Bro'Sis released their Alex Christensen-produced debut single "I Believe" in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. The pop-influenced song, written by UK songwriter/producer Clyde Ward, debuted at number-one in all three nations, having sold approximately 800,000 copies within its first week of release, beating the No Angels' first week success of their debut single "Daylight in Your Eyes". While "I Believe" remained another three weeks on top of the German singles chart, eventually selling more than a million copies, it also reached number 4 on the Europe Official Top 100.
In January 2002, the band released their debut album, "Never Forget (Where You Come From)". The record included production by Toni Cottura, Thorsten Brötzmann, Syndicate, and Marc Mozart and sold more than 500,000 copies domestically, making it the eleventh biggest selling LP of the year. Due to the sheer volume of interest, "Never Forget" spawned another two top ten hits with double A-side single "Do You"/"Peace Of Soul" (February 2002), and "Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel" (June 2002). In the meantime, Bro'Sis finished a short club tour and appeared as a supporting act on O-Town's Blitz tour.
After touring once again through Germany, Austria and Switzerland in summer 2002, a "Special Winter Edition" of the album was released in November of the same year. The re-issue included the band's fourth single "Hot Temptation", and charity song "The Gift", a cover version of the 98 Degrees single. However, the Christmas single became the band's first commercial failure when it reached a moderately successful number 16 on the singles chart, and furthermore peaked outside the Swiss Top 100.
"Days of Our Lives".
After months of recording, Bro'Sis released "Oh No"/"Never Stop", the double A-side lead single from their second studio album, in April 2003. The single spawned two videos, with Latin influenced hip-hop song "Oh No" being shot in Spain, and German Football Association anthem "Never Stop" being in filmed in a Berlin stadium. Nevertheless, the single failed to chart or sell noticeably in Austria and Switzerland although it was an airplay success, and became the band's fifth top ten hit in Germany.
On May 9, 2003, four days before the band's second album release, Indira Weis announced her departure from the group. Official statements claimed that musical differences between her and the rest of the band had been the reason for leaving. However, rumours persisted that she had fallen out with her bandmates.
The five remaining members went on with the release of "Days of our Lives" on May 12, 2003. Media reception was generally lukewarm, and while the album entered the German albums chart on a moderately successful position of number 10, it failed to chart within the top 30 in Austria and Switzerland. Though "Days of Our Lives" was rather quietly and cautiously declared as a flop by the media, a second single was released in June 2003. The remixed version of the Peter Ries produced "V.I.P." peaked at a moderate number 19.
"Showtime".
After some months out of the charts, Bro'Sis returned in November 2003 when they participated in the "TV Allstars" Christmas project. Combining several bands and contestants from "Popstars" and "Star Search", a charitable collaboration (a cover version of 1984's "Do They Know It's Christmas?") was released and became a top three hit in Germany. Afterwards, the band teamed up with "Popstars" successors Overground and the Preluders, and went on tour throughout several German cities again.
At the same time, Bro'Sis entered the recording studio to begin writing and producing their third studio album, "Showtime". Released in August 2004, it became the least successful album in the band's history when it peaked at number 24 on the German Top 100 albums chart, and completely failed to chart in Austria and Switzerland. However, the album attracted a positive reception from music critics, who compared the band's new sound with the early The Black Eyed Peas.
The same year, the group announced that despite only being back a few months before, they were having a break and going apart for the foreseeable future, concentrating on their solo careers in music, theatre and television. In summer 2006, however, it came into the open that they had decided not to perform any longer together. In 2008, the band's hit single "I Believe" was covered many times by UK based R&B/pop band The Fallen on their tour of Europe.
Discography.
Singles.
2004: "Make Up Your Mind" (Promotional single)

</doc>
<doc id="2900099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900099" title="Jonathan Downes">
Jonathan Downes

Jonathan Downes (born Portsmouth, England, in 1959) is a naturalist, cryptozoologist, author, editor, film-maker, poet, activist, journalist, composer and singer-songwriter, with a background in radical politics and mental health care. He is Director of the Centre for Fortean Zoology. His father, the explorer and Colonial Service Officer J. T. Downes (1925–2006), wrote several books on wide range of subjects, such as African history, theology and Devonshire dialect. His mother Mary Downes (née Rawlins) (1922–2002) was a broadcaster and author who published several collections of Nigerian folklore under the pen-name `Yar Kunama`.
He is currently (since 1994) the editor of "Animals & Men"; the journal of the Centre for Fortean Zoology, and since 2012 has been the editor of "Gonzo Weekly", a digital music magazine, between 2007-10 was the editor of "The Amateur Naturalist" (formerly `Exotic Pets`) - a magazine published by CFZ Press, the editor of the online magazine blog `Cryptozoology:Online`, and from January 2003 until August 2007 was the Deputy Editor of "Tropical World" magazine, a tropical fish magazine published in the UK. From 2012-3 he was the editor of "UFO Matrix" magazine, published by 11th Dimension Publishing. He has also edited and contributed to several other publications over the years 
According to his autobiography and other writings, as a child he lived in Nigeria, and then Hong Kong (then a British Crown Colony), and returned to the UK in 1971, when his father was 'invalided out' of the Hong Kong government. He was educated at Bideford Grammar School, (1971-6) and later West Buckland School (1976-7) from which he was expelled. He worked as a nurse for the mentally handicapped between 1981–90 and between 1990 and 1994 ran the fan club for Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel. 
Since 2012 he has been editor of the "Gonzo Daily" blog, and the "Gonzo Weekly" e-zine, both in conjunction with Gonzo Multimedia (formerly Voiceprint Records).
He is active in community work, and for some years was part of the team organising the monthly children's service in the village church at Woolfardisworthy, North Devon. Having suffered from manic-depression for years, Downes is an activist for mental health issues. On 21 July 2007 he married his second wife Corinna Newton Downes.
He has two stepdaughters, Shoshannah (27) and Olivia (25)
Cryptozoology.
In 1992 Downes founded the Centre for Fortean Zoology, arguably the world's largest cryptozoological research organization. He is vocal in his opinion that cryptozoology should not be considered to be a branch of paranormal research. Although he has written a number of books on UFOS and other Fortean subjects (sometimes in collaboration with his friend and colleague Nick Redfern), he considers cryptozoology to be a branch of mainstream zoology, rather than anything more esoteric.
Books.
He has written the following books:
His best selling book is The Owlman and Others. In his 2004 autobiography Monster Hunter, he discusses his years of substance abuse, as well as his achievements as a cryptozoologist. Once described by Nick Redfern as ""Cryptozoology's answer to Hunter Thompson"," Downes has stated on a number of occasions that this aspect of his life is now firmly in the past. His latest book is a re-examination of the Puerto Rican chupacabras mythos, based on two expeditions to the island in 1998 and 2004. In addition he has edited ten annual Yearbooks for the CFZ.
His new book `Island of Paradise` covers in great depth his two expeditions to Puerto Rico in search of the chupacabra and other animals of fortean interest.
Also Nick Redfern's 2004 book "Three Men Seeking Monsters: Six Weeks in Pursuit of Werewolves, Lake Monsters, Giant Cats, Ghostly Devil Dogs and Ape-men" is a fictionalized chronicle of the adventures of Redfern, Downes and Richard Freeman.
Filmography.
In his autobiography and in other published writings, Downes admits that one of his earliest ambitions was to make films. He has made a few of them over the years, including:
He freely admits that his first two films are "rubbish", the former of which is "a load of avant garde bullshit", and the second "a seedy art movie; a semi homage to John Waters, featuring gratuitous nudity, violence, and a pre-op transsexual Nazi." His more recent films, however, are part of the ongoing CFZtv project, and are rough-cut `Guerilla Journalism` projects available for free on the CFZtv website, together with some songs from his albums.
On the Track.
In October 2007 Downes announced a new CFZtv project: a monthly webTV show giving all the latest news from the CFZ and cryptozoology news from around the world. It is called `On the Track` and can be found on the CFZtv YouTube channel. The 63rd edition was released on 7 December 2012.
Musical career.
1982 - 1996
During the late 1980s and early 1990s, Downes was active as a musician and performer, mostly with cult art-rock band "The Amphibians from Outer Space" with whom he sang, played guitar, bass and piano. He integrated elements of psychodrama and performance art into the performances. He has been described as being an ungodly cross between Warren Zevon and Steve Harley.
1996-2008
However, after his divorce which ended eleven years of marriage to first wife Alison in 1996, Downes all but dropped out of the music industry in favor of cryptozoology, and has since done only four records and a handful of live musical performances.
Records released by Downes include:
Politics.
Downes describes himself as "basically an anarchist". As an artist, and indeed in many other ways he was primarily influenced by anarcho-punks Crass, "not really by the music, but by the D-I-Y attitude." He has always maintained the opinion that "in many ways it is more important to be heard than to get paid for it," and the CFZ, his music and films have always been disseminated along broadly anarchist and libertarian lines.

</doc>
<doc id="2900106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900106" title="John Fane, 11th Earl of Westmorland">
John Fane, 11th Earl of Westmorland

General John Fane, 11th Earl of Westmorland GCB, GCH, PC (2 February 1784 – 16 October 1859), styled Lord Burghersh until 1841, was a British soldier, politician, diplomat and musician.
Background.
Styled Lord Burghersh from birth, he was born at Sackville Street, Piccadilly, London, the son of John Fane, 10th Earl of Westmorland, by his wife Sarah Child, daughter and heiress of the wealthy banker Sir Robert Child, builder of Osterley Park. His sister was the well known social hostess Sarah Villiers, Countess of Jersey. He succeeded his father in the earldom in 1841.
Military career.
Lord Burghersh was commissioned Ensign in the 11th Foot without purchase in 1803. In 1804 he transferred to the 7th Foot as a Lieutenant and in 1806 he transferred to the 23rd Foot as a Captain. He later transferred to the 2nd West India Regiment. He was promoted Lieutenant-Colonel in the Army in 1809 and then transferred to the 91st Foot. In 1811 he exchanged back into the 7th Foot and later the same year purchased the Lieutenant-Colonelcy of the 63rd Foot. In 1814 he was promoted Colonel in the Army. He was an extra aide-de-camp to the Duke of Wellington (his wife's uncle) and fought at Talavera and Busaco during the Peninsular War. He was promoted Major-General in 1838 and General in 1854 and was appointed a Colonel of the 56th Foot in 1842.
Political and diplomatic career.
Lord Westmorland sat as Member of Parliament for Lyme Regis between 1806 and 1816. He served as Minister to Tuscany between 1814 and 1830, as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Prussia between 1841 and 1851 and as Ambassador to the Austrian Empire between 1851 and 1855. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1815, a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Guelphic Order (KCH) in 1817, a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in 1838 and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) in 1846 and was sworn of the Privy Council in 1822.
Musician.
Lord Westmorland was also a composer and a founder of the Royal Academy of Music. He was a great music lover who devoted most of his leisure hours to the study of music, was a good violinist and a prolific composer. This fact helped to improve the standing of the musical profession in England. Like many aristocrats, however, he regarded Italy as the only source of good music.
Family.
Lord Westmorland married Priscilla Pole-Wellesley, daughter of the Honourable William Wellesley-Pole, later first Baron Maryborough and third Earl of Mornington, on 26 June 1811. He died in October 1859, aged 75, and was succeeded in the earldom by his fourth but eldest surviving son, Francis. Lord Westmorland's fifth and youngest son Julian Fane was a poet and diplomat. The Countess of Westmorland died in February 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="2900109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900109" title="Ortygia">
Ortygia

Ortygia (Italian: Ortigia) is a small island which is the historical centre of the city of Syracuse, Sicily. The island, also known as Città Vecchia (Old City), contains many historical landmarks. The name originates from the Ancient Greek "ortyx" (ὄρτυξ) which means "Quail".
Overview.
The Homeric Hymn to Delian Apollo has it that the goddess Leto stopped at Ortygia to give birth to Artemis, the firstborn of her twins. Artemis then helped Leto across the sea to the island of Delos, where Leto gave birth to Apollo. Other ancient sources state that the twins were born in the same place—which was either Delos or Ortygia— but Ortygia was an old name of Delos. Further, there were perhaps a half-dozen other places called Ortygia, so that the identification is uncertain. It was also said that Asteria, the sister of Leto metamorphosed into a quail (Ortux), threw herself into the sea, and was metamorphosed into the island Ortygia. Another myth suggested that it was Delos instead of Ortygia.
Location.
Ortygia is located at the eastern end of Syracuse and is separated from it by a narrow channel. Three bridges connect the island to mainland Sicily. The island is an extremely popular place for tourism, shopping, entertainment and also a residential area.

</doc>
<doc id="2900112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900112" title="Chambal division">
Chambal division

Chambal Division is an administrative geographical unit of Madhya Pradesh state of India. Morena is the administrative headquarters of the division. Currently (2012), the division consists of the three districts of Morena, Bhind and Sheopur.

</doc>
<doc id="2900116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900116" title="Browser hijacking">
Browser hijacking

Browser hijacking is the modification of a web browser's settings. The term "hijacking" is used as the changes are performed without the user's permission. A browser hijacker may replace the existing home page, error page, or search page with its own. These are generally used to force hits to a particular website, increasing its advertising revenue.
Some browser hijacking can be easily reversed, while other instances may be difficult to reverse. Various software packages exist to prevent such modification.
The homepages that are set by hijackers are often search pages, and many of these programs are spyware programs that track personal data.
Most installers will give users the opportunity to accept or decline an offer to install a hijacker; however, the request to decline the offer is often ignored or presented in a very confusing manner. This is done for the sole reason of tricking users into installing excessive bloatware and malware.
Examples of hijackers.
Onewebsearch.
Onewebsearch, referred to as the onewebsearch virus, or onewebsearch.com redirection virus is malware, categorized as a browser hijacker. Onewebsearch utilizes browser hijackers and black-hat techniques to infect a computer system and attach add-ons, extensions, and toolbars to popular internet browsers without permission, which in turn causes internet browsers like Chrome, Firefox, and Internet Explorer to redirect to onewebsearch.com, search-, home-, or start.onewebsearch.com, related web pages, and third party domain names.
Conduit Search.
Conduit toolbars have been identified as "Potentially Unwanted Programs" by Malwarebytes and are typically bundled with other free downloads. These toolbars modify the browser's default search engine, homepage, new tab page, and several other browser settings.
A program called "Conduit Search Protect", better known as "Search Protect by conduit", can cause severe system errors upon uninstallation. It claims to protect browser settings but actually blocks all attempts to manipulate a browser through the settings page; in other words, it makes sure the malicious settings remain unchanged. The uninstall program for Search Protect can cause Windows to be unbootable because the uninstall file not only removes its own files, but also all the boot files in the root of the C: drive. Conduit is associated with malware, spyware, and adware, as victims of this hijacker have reported unwanted pop-up and in-text advertisements.
Victims of unwanted redirections to conduit.com have also reported that they have been attacked by phishing attempts and have received unwanted email spam, junk mail, other messages, and telephone calls from telemarketers. Some victims claim that the people claimed to be Apple, Microsoft, or their ISP, that personal information was used in some phone calls, and that some of the calls concerned their browsing habits and recent browsing history. Personal information used in phishing attempts may be associated with spyware. This hijacker virus is currently added to the official PowerISO download, for example.
CoolWebSearch.
CoolWebSearch (CWS) was one of the first browser hijackers. It redirected the existing home page to the rogue CWS search engine, with its results as sponsored links. With most antivirus and antispyware programs unable to properly remove this particular hijacker, a man named Merijn Bellekom developed a special tool called CWShredder specifically to remove this kind of hijacker. CoolWebSearch is a popular browser hijacker and is owned by fun web products.
Delta Search and Claro Search.
Delta and Claro are programs that each offer a free search engine and toolbar often bundled with free downloads. These browser hijackers will redirect all searches to their own engines, to gain revenue. Automated tools are able to remove Delta, Claro, and their files, but the changes to the homepage and default search engine have to be reverted manually.
Search-daily.com.
"Search-daily.com" is a hijacker that may be downloaded by the Zlob trojan. It redirects the user's searches to pornography sites. It is also known to slow down computer performance.
MyStart.IncrediBar Search.
MyStart.Incredibar Search (Mystart Search IncrediBar, MyStart toolbar, MyStart Search, IncrediBar, IncrediBar Games-EN) is a very dangerous Internet browser hijacker, virus, and spyware that often comes embedded with many download applications and installers such as HyperCam. It is known to install itself into Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Google Chrome. Upon installation, it begins to alter browser configuration settings and collect sensitive user information such as full name, telephone number, and home address.
Symptoms range from no symptoms at all (simple processor drainage) to complete system crashes so severe that the victim has to re-install their entire operating system.
MyStart uses browser helper objects (in this case search tools) and infects some users by installing MyStart search toolbar into their browser (Firefox is most vulnerable) which redirects internet users to MyStart’s websites, mystart.incredibar.com in particular. Some Internet users report that they are redirected for every search or webpage they visit.
If mystart is not removed:
Removing Incredibar can be an extremely daunting task since there are countless different variations and most infected systems can expect to find undesirable Windows registry changes, browser configuration changes, and files with random strings that are installed into the user's local settings folders and depending on the user's operating system, its version, and even computer the location will vary from one PC to the next. In one version of Incredibar it appears to be a removable add-on, plug-in, or extension within web browsers; however, simply removing Incredibar via the inbuilt browser add-on removal process is not enough since the program has already combined registry and file installs of which re-installs itself upon a system or browser reboot.
A few virus and spyware removal applications such as Webroot Spysweeper, Eset NOD32, AdwCleaner, and Junkware Removal Tool are known to remove Mystart.Incredibar, but using these applications to do so will not revert the user to their default search engine.
Nation Zoom.
Nation Zoom is a browser hijacker that changes a browser's home page to Nationzoom.com and default search provider to Search.yahoo.com.
Babylon Toolbar.
Babylon's translation software prompts to add the "Babylon Toolbar", identified as a browser hijacker. The toolbar also comes bundled as an add-on with other software downloads.
In 2011, the Cnet site "Download.com" started bundling the Babylon Toolbar with open-source packages such as Nmap. Gordon Lyon, the developer of Nmap, vented his anger online over the way the toolbar was tricked on users. The vice-president of Download.com, Sean Murphy, released an apology: "The bundling of this software was a mistake on our part and we apologize to the user and developer communities for the unrest it caused."
Qone8.com.
Start.qone8.com is a browser hijacker that alters a browser's homepage and default search engine. It can also slow down the victim's PC and prevent many programs from running.
qvo6.com.
qvo6.com is a browser hijacker which changes the browser's homepage, and also runs strings to slow down the victim's PC. It can be difficult to remove manually, or with Internet tools.
Mixi.DJ.
Mixi.DJ offers a media player, but also a free toolbar and Conduit-based search engine, the toolbar being the one which they will prompt to add during installation. The toolbar is a new hijacker that alters a browser's homepage. It also adds itself to the computer's registry, creates strings in the memory, and changes the icon on Internet Explorer to a magnifying glass.
Snap.do.
Snap.do (Smartbar developed by Resoft) is potential malware, categorized as a browser hijacker and spyware, that causes Internet browsers to redirect to the snap.do search engine. Snap.Do can be manually downloaded from the Resoft website, though it can be concluded that many users are entrapped by their unethical terms. It affects Windows and can be removed through the Add/Remove program menu regularly. Snap.Do also can download many malicious toolbars, add-ons, and plug-ins like DVDVideoSoftTB, General Crawler, and Save Valet.
General Crawler, installed by Snap.do, has been known to use a backdoor process because it re-installs and re-enables itself every time an affected user removes it through their browser(s).
Resoft will track the following information: 
By using the Resoft Products, the user consents to have their personal data transferred to and processed both within and outside of the United States of America.
By using the Resoft website, the user agrees to the preceding uses of their information in this way by Resoft.
Searchnu.com.
Searchnu.com domain and the domain search-results.com belong to the IAC Search & Media, Inc. This company is known by the name Ask Jeeves Inc. It has a lot of popular domains on the web and the most famous of them is Ask.com. When something is searched in the Searchnu search engine, the search results will redirect to Ask.com and related websites. The user can still access Google, either by entering it in the address bar or by searching for it, but Searchnu is still the homepage. Searchnu has 3 "clones" which are Searchnu.com/406, /409, and /421. However, removing Searchnu is easy following instructions.
Searchgol.com.
Searchgol.com (can also be found as Search-Gol) is a search engine, which may show up on the infected computer instead of the user's default search engine. The cause of it getting onto the homepage is unknown, and it is known for downloading malware onto the computer. It replaces the default homepage for no reason and without the user's permission. Numerous antivirus websites and blogs say that searchgol is a virus, but it is a potentially unwanted program (PUP) because it sneaks inside the system in a bundle with other programs and initiates some changes on the system without the user's permission. Removing Searchgol is not easy, as the victim must perform a browser restore, before removing programs related or downloaded by the browser hijacker.
Tuvaro.
Tuvaro (can also be found as www-search.net) is a browser hijacker that can take over the home page and search engine provider of the infected web browsers. There are many methods that Tuvaro employs to spread into the targeted computers. It can get inside a computer secretly and change (and lock) a browser's home page and search engine provider without the user's awareness.
Trovi.
Trovi is a browser hijacker that, according to a report from an anonymous user, can be found while installing Cheat Engine. It is reported to contain ads.
Removal.
Most new hijackers will not allow a user to change back to their home page through Internet Properties. Modern hijackers' settings will most likely return upon reboot, however, well-updated antispyware software will likely remove the hijacker. Some spyware scanners have a browser page restore function to set the user's homepage back to normal or alert them when their browser page has been changed. Manual removal is also a good choice to give the user a good understanding of what to do while reverting all changes.
Rogue security software.
Some rogue security software will also hijack the start page generally displaying a message such as "WARNING! Your computer is infected with spyware!" to lead to an anti-spyware vendor's page. The start page will return to normal settings once the user buys their software. Programs such as WinFixer are known to hijack the user's start page and redirect it to the website.
Beginning features confused with browser hijackers.
EarthLink.
In 2006, EarthLink started redirecting mistyped domain names over to a search page. This was done by interpreting the error code NXDOMAIN at the server level. The announcement led to much negative feedback, and EarthLink offered services without this feature.

</doc>
<doc id="2900121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900121" title="Politechnika Warszawska PW-6">
Politechnika Warszawska PW-6

__NOTOC__
The Politechnika Warszawska PW-6U is a Polish two-seat training sailplane designed at the Warsaw University of Technology for basic flight instruction and transition training to the PW-5 single-seater. It was manufactured at PZL Świdnik from 2000 and at ZS Jezow from 2007.
Development.
The PW-6 was designed to be an ab initio trainer with the capability of providing cross-country training as well. It has handling and performance characteristics similar to the Politechnika Warszawska PW-5. In this way, it was envisaged that the transition to solo flying in the single-seater could be made sooner.
The prototype of the PW-6, built at DWLKK, made its maiden flight from Bemowo Airfield, Warsaw, in July 1998. Type certification was granted in September 2000, with Jerzy Kedzierski and Maciej Lasek having performed the test flights. Serial production started at PZL Swidnik soon afterwards, with first deliveries to Egypt, New Zealand, Belgium, Canada, United States, Portugal and Germany. Production at PZL Swidnik ceased after approximately 26 aircraft had been completed, but resumed at Zaklad Szybowcowy Jezow in 2007.
Variants.
The following derivatives were projected, though not built:

</doc>
<doc id="2900132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900132" title="Family Values Tour 1998">
Family Values Tour 1998

The 1998 Family Values Tour was the first edition of the critically acclaimed fall music tour that initially combined nu metal, alternative metal, and rap acts. The tour was created and headlined by Korn.
Lineup.
Artists who participated in 1998 Family Values Tour were:
Promotion.
The tour was preceded by whirlwind political campaign-style tour named "Korn Kampaign" (from August 17, 1998 in Los Angeles through September 1 in Phoenix) to promote the release of their album Follow the Leader. It took the group all over North America to spread the news of their "Family Values" platform to hordes of fans at special "fan conferences" that were organized at every stop along the tour route. Korn chartered a jet, which took them to record stores in such cities as Riverside, Mountain View, Sacramento, Seattle, Minneapolis, Chicago, Detroit, Philadelphia, Boston, New York City, Toronto, Atlanta, and Dallas. The band talked to fans at every stop, answered questions during the special "fan conferences" and signed autographs. Jim Rose hosted the entire "Kampaign" tour. Celebrities at various stops included Ice Cube and Todd McFarlane.
Success.
The 1998 edition of Family Values Tour was highly successful, the live compilation debuted at #7 at Billboard 200 chart selling 121,000 copies in its first week, and achieving gold record status by RIAA, while DVD - platinum.
Korn helped to promote then-unknown acts. The results were very promising. Rammstein's album "Sehnsucht" achieved platinum certification in the United States, also Orgy's debut "Candyass" achieved similar success. Limp Bizkit enjoyed even greater success which helped them establish themselves as one of the leading acts of the nu metal wave at that time, and enjoyed enormous commercial success.
The 27 dates of Family Values Tour grossed more than $6.4 million and over 243,000 fans purchased the fan-friendly ticket prices that ranged from $26.00 to $29.50. 
Critical acclaim for the tour started to pour in as soon as it all started. As Jim Farber noted in a review of the September 25, 1998 event at the Continental Arena in New Jersey in the New York Daily News:
"[...] The 4 and half hour show, a hip-hop DJ held equal ground with a drummer in the set by Limp Bizkit, a keyboardist added dance club beats to the classic metal of Rammstein, and two guitarists translated the needling sound of electronic hip-hop into the manic creations of Korn [...] This tour created a bold new profile for hard guitar bands taking cues from the music that replaced them as the soundtrack to masculine aggression." 
The Los Angeles Times noted that the tour "certainly proved to be one of the rock spectacles of the year," while Steve Morse of the Boston Globe said that "Korn delivered the goods...by accelerating out of the box with a savage confluence of heavy metal, rap, and primal screaming from singer Jonathan Davis."
John Scher of Metropolitan Entertainment agreed: "The Family Values Tour was not only a great business success, but more importantly, a rousing success with the fans. I think, to a great degree, we accomplished what we set out to: creating a fun, wild evening with a unique atmosphere and incredible music."
Jonathan Davis, lead singer of Korn said: "We're creating some rock history with this tour. From that first show, I had goosebumps upon goosebumps. This is something special happening here. I hope that it becomes annual and it's gonna last."
CD and DVD release.
The initial edition of Family Values Tour was highly successful and it was documented on separate DVD and CD releases, both put on sale on March 30, 1999 via Immortal/Epic Records. The CD release achieved gold record status in the United States while DVD release went platinum.
Ice Cube replacement.
On September 25, 1998 due to the beginning of shooting the movie "Next Friday", Ice Cube was replaced by alternative metal band Incubus for remaining four dates. The band is featured on the Family Values Tour '98 CD release with song "New Skin", and can be also seen during performance of "All in the Family" on DVD release.
Feud with Rob Zombie.
Initially, Rob Zombie was to be one of the artists participating on the tour, but due to the high production costs each Rob Zombie concert would cost $125,000 in band fees and show production alone. Therefore, Rob Zombie was replaced by German industrial metal act, Rammstein. However, explanation was somewhat confusing. The Firm, Korn's management said Zombie continually expressed dissatisfaction over not wanting to work with a hip-hop act on the bill, and was supposedly lectured by Rob Zombie management that "rock kids don't like hip-hop." Rob Zombie's manager, Andy Gould said those comments were false. He explained that Zombie has never even spoken to Korn, so he could not have made those comments. Although the statement released by Korn's management resulted in anger, Rob Zombie shared no bad blood with the bands participating in Family Values Tour. Next year, in 1999 both Rob Zombie and Korn got on good terms again, and launched together highly successful "Rock is Dead" tour.
Trivia.
In one of the more infamous moments, Rammstein's vocalist, Till Lindemann engaged in simulated sodomy with the keyboardist, Christian Lorenz during their performance of "Bück dich" in Worcester, Massachusetts. They were subsequently arrested and spent the night in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="2900137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900137" title="The Dominion (Canada)">
The Dominion (Canada)

The Dominion is a monthly newspaper and web site in Canada.
"The Dominion" is published by the Dominion Newspaper Society, a non-profit organization. Formed by a group of independent journalists in April 2003, "The Dominion" publishes a print edition and distributes a pdf version of the newspaper online.
Dru Oja Jay is founding editor of the "Dominion", and Hillary Lindsay is the paper's managing editor.
Previous contributors include Jon Elmer, Yuill Herbert, Erin Steuter, Jen Pierce, Matthew Trafford, Rob Maguire, and Stewart Steinhauer.
The staff is based in cities across Canada, with concentrations in Halifax, Montreal and Vancouver. A local edition of the newspaper was published for several months as a street newspaper in Ottawa by the Ottawa Panhandlers' Union, but went on hiatus due to police harassment of homeless vendors of the newspaper and lack of funds.
The newspaper bills itself as providing "accurate, critical coverage that is accountable to its readers and the subjects it tackles" and examining "politics, culture and daily life with a view to understanding the exercise of power".
In November 2006, "The Dominion" published 10,000 copies of its "special issue on Canadian foreign policy", and organized discussions in Vancouver, Ottawa, Toronto, Montreal and Halifax. The special issue was billed as the beginning of "building a grassroots distribution network" in Canada to "challenge the corporate media".

</doc>
<doc id="2900146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900146" title="Family Values Tour 1999">
Family Values Tour 1999

Family Values Tour 1999 was a music tour headlined by Limp Bizkit. This was the second Family Values Tour. Artists who played at Family Values Tour 1999 were Limp Bizkit, Primus, Staind, Method Man & Redman, Ja Rule, Korn, The Crystal Method, Mobb Deep and Filter.
During the tour Mobb Deep left and DMX assumed their place.
Insane Clown Posse and System of a Down were originally scheduled for the tour but did not make the final roster.
In Philadelphia, DMX at the last minute canceled and Run DMC made a special appearance.
It was during this tour that Staind's frontman Aaron Lewis, alongside Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst, performed the emotional hit single "Outside" for the first time in Biloxi, Mississippi. This live version quickly found widespread radio play before being recorded in the studio for Staind's next album, "Break the Cycle". Footage of this on-stage performance also was used for the song's music video.

</doc>
<doc id="2900163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900163" title="Origins of the War of 1812">
Origins of the War of 1812

The War of 1812, a war between the United States and the British Empire (particularly the United Kingdom and British North America), and Britain's Indian allies, lasted from 1812 to 1815. The U.S. declared war and historians have long debated the multiple factors behind that decision.
There were several immediate stated causes for the U.S. declaration of war: First, a series of trade restrictions introduced by Britain to impede American trade with France, a country with which Britain was at war (the U.S. contested these restrictions as illegal under international law); second, the impressment (forced recruitment) of U.S. seamen into the Royal Navy; third, the British military support for American Indians who were offering armed resistance to the expansion of the American frontier to the Northwest; fourth, a possible desire on the part of the United States to annex Canada. An implicit but powerful motivation for the Americans was the desire to uphold national honor in the face of what they considered to be British insults (such as the "Chesapeake" affair).
American expansion into the Northwest Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois and Wisconsin) was impeded by Indian raids. Some Canadian historians in the early 20th century maintained that Americans had wanted to seize parts of Canada, a view that many Canadians still share, while others argue that inducing the fear of such a seizure had merely been a U.S. tactic designed to obtain a bargaining chip. Some members of the British Parliament at the time and dissident American politicians such as John Randolph of Roanoke claimed that land hunger rather than maritime disputes was the main motivation for the American declaration. However, some historians, both Canadian and American, retain the view that desire to annex all or part of Canada was an American goal. Although the British made some concessions before the war on neutral trade, they insisted on the right to reclaim their deserting sailors. The British also had the long-standing goal of creating a large "neutral" Indian state that would cover much of Ohio, Indiana and Michigan. They made the demand as late as 1814 at the peace conference, but lost battles that would have validated their claims.
The war was fought in four theatres: "on the oceans," where the warships and privateers of both sides preyed on each other's merchant shipping; "along the Atlantic coast" of the U.S., which was blockaded with increasing severity by the British, who also mounted large-scale raids in the later stages of the war; "on the long frontier," running along the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River, which separated the U.S. from Upper and Lower Canada (Ontario and Quebec); and finally "along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico". During the course of the war, both the Americans and British launched invasions of each other's territory, all of which were unsuccessful or gained only temporary success. At the end of the war, the British held parts of Maine and some outposts in the sparsely populated West while the Americans held Canadian territory near Detroit, but these occupied territories were restored at the end of the war.
In the United States, battles such as New Orleans and the earlier successful defence of Baltimore (which inspired the lyrics of the U.S. national anthem, The Star-Spangled Banner) produced a sense of euphoria over a "second war of independence" against Britain. It ushered in an "Era of Good Feelings," in which the partisan animosity that had once verged on treason practically vanished. Canada also emerged from the war with a heightened sense of national feeling and solidarity. Britain, which had regarded the war as a sideshow to the Napoleonic Wars raging in Europe, was less affected by the fighting; its government and people subsequently welcomed an era of peaceful relations with the United States.
British goals.
The British were engaged in a life-and-death war with Napoleon and could not allow the Americans to help the enemy, regardless of their lawful neutral rights to do so. As Horsman explains, "If possible, England wished to avoid war with America, but not to the extent of allowing her to hinder the British war effort against France. Moreover...a large section of influential British opinion, both in the government and in the country, thought that America presented a threat to British maritime supremacy." 
The British had two goals: All parties were committed to the defeat of France, and this required sailors (hence the need for impressment), and it required all-out commercial war against France (hence the restrictions imposed on American merchant ships). On the question of trade with America the British parties split. As Horsman argues, "Some restrictions on neutral commerce were essential for England in this period. That this restriction took such an extreme form after 1807 stemmed not only from the effort to defeat Napoleon, but also from the undoubted jealousy of America's commercial prosperity that existed in England. America was unfortunate in that for most of the period from 1803 to 1812 political power in England was held by a group that was pledged not only to the defeat of France, but also to a rigid maintenance of Britain's commercial supremacy." That group was weakened by Whigs friendly to the U.S. in mid-1812 and the policies were reversed, but too late for the U.S. had already declared war. By 1815 Britain was no longer controlled by politicians dedicated to commercial supremacy, so that cause had vanished.
The British were hindered by weak diplomats in Washington (such as David Erskine) who misrepresented British policy and by communications that were so slow the Americans did not learn of the reversal of policy until they had declared war.
When Americans proposed a truce based on British ending impressment, Britain refused, because it needed those sailors. Horsman explains, "Impressment, which was the main point of contention between England and America from 1803 to 1807, was made necessary primarily because of England's great shortage of seamen for the war against Napoleon. In a similar manner the restrictions on American commerce imposed by England's Orders in Council, which were the supreme cause of complaint between 1807 and 1812, were one part of a vast commercial struggle being waged between England and France." 
The British also had the long-standing goal of creating a large "neutral" Indian state that would cover much of Ohio, Indiana and Michigan. They made the demand as late as 1814 at the peace conference, but lost the battles that would have validated their claims.
American goals.
There were several immediate stated causes for the U.S. declaration of war. First, a series of trade restrictions called the Orders in Council (1807) introduced by Britain to impede American trade with France, a country with which Britain was at war; the U.S. contested these restrictions as illegal under international law. Second, the impressment (forced recruitment) of U.S. citizens into the Royal Navy. Third, the alleged British military support for American Indians who were offering armed resistance to the United States. An unstated but powerful motivation for the Americans was the need to uphold national honor in the face of British insults (such as the "Chesapeake" affair.) There also may have been an American desire to annex Canada.
British support for Indian raids.
Indians based in the Northwest Territory, comprising the modern states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin, had organized in opposition to American settlement, and were being supplied with weapons by British traders in Canada. Britain was not trying to provoke a war, and at one point cut its allocations of gunpowder to the tribes, but it was trying to build up its fur trade and friendly relations with potential military allies. Although Britain had ceded the area to the United States in the Treaty of Paris in 1783, it had the long-term goal of creating a "neutral" or buffer Indian state in the area that would block further American growth. The Indian nations generally followed Tenskwatawa (the Shawnee Prophet and the brother of Tecumseh, who since 1805 had preached his vision of purifying his society by expelling the "children of the Evil Spirit" (the American settlers).
Pratt says:
Raiding grew more common in 1810 and 1811; Westerners in Congress found the raids intolerable and wanted them permanently ended.
American expansionism.
Historians have considered the idea that American expansionism was one cause of the war. The American expansion into the Northwest was being blocked by Indians and that was a major cause. More problematic is the question whether an American war goal was to acquire Canadian lands (especially western Ontario), or whether it was planned to seize the area temporarily as a bargaining chip. The American desire for Canadian land has been a staple in Canadian public opinion since the 1830s, and was much discussed among historians before 1940, but is rarely cited by experts any more. However, historians are not in agreement and there is still dispute as to whether American expansionism was a factor in the war. 
Some Canadian historians propounded the notion in the early 20th century, and it survives among Canadians.
Stagg argues that Madison and his advisors believed that conquest of Canada would be easy and that economic coercion would force the British to come to terms by cutting off the food supply for their highly valuable West Indies sugar colonies. Furthermore, possession of Canada would be a valuable bargaining chip. Stagg suggests frontiersmen demanded the seizure of Canada not because they wanted the land (they had plenty), but because the British were thought to be arming the Indians and thereby blocking settlement of the west. As Horsman concludes, "The idea of conquering Canada had been present since at least 1807 as a means of forcing England to change her policy at sea. The conquest of Canada was primarily a means of waging war, not a reason for starting it." Hickey flatly states, "The desire to annex Canada did not bring on the war." Brown (1964) concludes, "The purpose of the Canadian expedition was to serve negotiation not to annex Canada." Burt, a Canadian scholar,but also a professor at an American university, agrees completely, noting that Foster, the British minister to Washington, also rejected the argument that annexation of Canada was a war goal.However, Foster also rejected the possibility of a declaration of war, despite having dinner with several of the more prominent War Hawks, so his judgement in these matters can be questioned.
However, historian J. C. A. Stagg states that, "... had the War 1812 been a successful military venture, the Madison administration would have been reluctant to have returned occupied Canadian territory to the enemy". Other authors concur, one stating, "Expansion was not the only American objective, and indeed not the immediate one. But it was an objective", and that "The American yearning to absorb Canada was long-standing...In 1812 it became part of a grand strategy". Another suggests that "Americans harboured 'manifest destiny' ideas of Canadian annexation throughout the nineteenth century". A third states that "[American belief that the United States would one day annex Canada had a continuous existence from the early days of the War of Independence to the War of 1812 was a factor of primary importance in bringing on the war". Another says that " acquiring Canada would satisfy America's expansionist desires" . Historian Spencer Tucker tells us that "War Hawks were eager to wage war with the British, not only to end Indian depredations in the Midwest but also to seize Canada and perhaps Spanish Florida.
John Randolph of Roanoke said "Agrarian greed not maritime right urges this war. We have heard but one word - like the whipporwill's one monotonous tone: Canada! Canada! Canada!".
The majority of the inhabitants of Upper Canada (Ontario) were Americans, some of them exiled (United Empire Loyalists) and most of them recent immigrants. The Loyalists were hostile to union with the U.S., while the other settlers seem to have been uninterested and remained neutral during the war. The Canadian colonies were thinly populated and only lightly defended by the British Army, and some Americans believed that the many in Upper Canada would rise up and greet an American invading army as liberators. The combination implied an easy conquest, as former president Thomas Jefferson suggested in 1812, "the acquisition of Canada this year, as far as the neighborhood of Quebec, will be a mere matter of marching, and will give us the experience for the attack on Halifax, the next and final expulsion of England from the American continent."
Violations of American rights.
The long wars between Britain and France (1793–1815) led to repeated complaints by the U.S. that both powers violated America's right as a neutral to trade with both sides. Furthermore Americans complained loudly that British agents in Canada were supplying munitions to hostile Native American tribes living in United States territory.
Starting in the mid-1790s the Royal Navy, short of manpower, began boarding American merchant ships in order to seize American and British sailors from American vessels. Although this policy of impressment was supposed to reclaim only British subjects, the law of Britain and most countries defined nationality by birth whereas the United States allowed individuals who had been resident in America for some time to adopt American citizenship. There were, therefore, large numbers of individuals who were British by British law but American by American law. The confusion was compounded by the refusal of Jefferson and Madison to issue any official citizenship documents: their position was that all persons serving on American ships were to be regarded as US citizens and that no further evidence was required. This stance was motivated by the advice of Albert Gallatin, who had calculated that half of American deep-sea merchant seamen - 9,000 men - were British subjects. Allowing the Royal Navy to reclaim these men would destroy both the US economy and the vital customs revenue of the government. Any sort of accommodation would jeopardize these men, and so concords such as the proposed Monroe-Pinkney Treaty (1806) between the U.S. and Britain were rejected by Jefferson.
To fill the need for some sort of identification, US consuls provided unofficial papers. However, these relied on unverifiable declarations by the individual concerned for evidence of citizenship, and the large fees paid for the documents made them a lucrative sideline. In turn, British officers- short of personnel and convinced, not entirely unreasonably, that the US flag covered a large number of British deserters- tended to treat such papers with scorn. Between 1806 and 1812 about 6,000 seamen were impressed and taken against their will into the Royal Navy of which 3,800 were subsequently released.
American economic motivations.
The failure of Jefferson's embargo and Madison's economic coercion, according to Horsman, "made war or absolute submission to England the only alternatives, and the latter presented more terrors to the recent colonists. The war hawks came from the West and the South, regions that had supported economic warfare and were suffering the most from British restrictions at sea. The merchants of New England earned large profits from the wartime carrying trade, in spite of the numerous captures by both France and England, but the western and southern farmers, who looked longingly at the export market, were suffering a depression that made them demand war.
Incidents leading up to the war.
This dispute came to the forefront with the Chesapeake-Leopard Affair of 1807, when the British warship HMS "Leopard" fired on and boarded the American warship USS "Chesapeake", killing three and carrying off four deserters from the Royal Navy. (Only one was a British citizen and he was subsequently hanged; the other three were American citizens and were later returned, though the last two not until 1812.) The American public was outraged by the incident, and many called for war in order to assert American sovereignty and national honor.
The Chesapeake-Leopard Affair followed closely on the similar "Leander" Affair, which had resulted in President Jefferson banning certain British warships and their captains from American ports and waters. Whether in response to this incident or the Chesapeake-Leopard Affair, President Jefferson banned all foreign armed vessels from American waters, except those bearing dispatches. In December 1808, an American officer expelled the schooner HMS "Sandwich" from Savannah, Georgia, after she had entered with dispatches for the British Consul there.
Meanwhile, Napoleon's Continental System (beginning 1806) and the British Orders in Council (1807) established embargoes that made international trade precarious. From 1807 to 1812, about 900 American ships were seized as a result. The U.S. responded with the Embargo Act of 1807, which prohibited American ships from sailing to any foreign ports and closed American ports to British ships. Jefferson's embargo was especially unpopular in New England, where merchants preferred the indignities of impressment to the halting of overseas commerce. This discontent contributed to the calling of the Hartford Convention in 1814.
The Embargo Act had no effect on Great Britain and France and was replaced by the Non-Intercourse Act of 1809, which lifted all embargoes on American shipping except for those bound for British or French ports. As this proved to be unenforceable, the Non-Intercourse Act was replaced in 1810 by Macon's Bill Number 2. This lifted all embargoes but offered that if either France or Great Britain were to cease their interference with American shipping, the United States would reinstate an embargo on the other nation. Napoleon, seeing an opportunity to make trouble for Great Britain, promised to leave American ships alone, and the United States reinstated the embargo with Great Britain and moved closer to declaring war.
Exacerbating the situation, Sauk Indians who controlled trade on the Upper Mississippi were displeased with the U.S. Government after the 1804 treaty between Quashquame and William Henry Harrison. This treaty ceded Sauk territory in Illinois and Missouri to the U.S.; the Sauk felt this treaty was unjust, that Quashquame was unauthorized to sign away land, and that he was unaware of what he was signing. The establishment of Fort Madison in 1808 on the Mississippi further aggravated the Sauk, and led many, including Black Hawk, to side with the British before the war broke out. Sauk and allied Indians, including the Ho-Chunk (Winnebago), were very effective fighters for the British on the Mississippi, helping to defeat Fort Madison and Fort McKay in Prairie du Chien.
Declaration of war.
In the United States House of Representatives, a group of young Democratic-Republicans known as the "War Hawks" came to the forefront in 1811, led by Speaker of the House Henry Clay of Kentucky and John C. Calhoun of South Carolina. The War Hawks advocated going to war against Great Britain for all of the reasons listed above, though concentrating on the grievances more than the territorial expansion.
On the first of June 1812, President James Madison gave a speech to the U.S. Congress, recounting American grievances against Great Britain, though not specifically calling for a declaration of war. After Madison's speech, the House of Representatives quickly voted (79 to 49) to declare war, and the Senate by 19 to 13. The conflict formally began on June 18, 1812 when Madison signed the measure into law. This was the first time that the United States had declared war on another nation, and the Congressional vote would prove to be the closest vote to declare war in American history. None of the 39 Federalists in Congress voted in favor of the war; critics of war subsequently referred to it as "Mr. Madison's War."

</doc>
<doc id="2900172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900172" title="Operation Postage Able">
Operation Postage Able

Operation Postage Able was an X class submarine-based Royal Navy operation in preparation for "Overlord," the Allied invasion of Nazi-occupied Europe.
Intelligence gathering.
The success of "Overlord" was in part dependent on detailed topographical map information about the beaches and coastal towns along the French coast. British experience of Galipolli in World War I, with the loss of 100,000 dead or wounded troops, meant that detail was necessary to ensure the invading army did not get stuck on the beach.
Aerial photographs helped identify likely locations but, to obtain more detailed views, the Government asked the BBC to appeal for holiday photographs and picture postcards of unspecified coastal areas of France.
However, as it was known that the beaches were in parts underpinned by ancient forests which had now turned into peat bogs, much more detailed information on the target beaches and their approaches was required. Local conditions such as the composition of the beaches, hidden underwater banks, German defensive obstacles, depth of water, tidal conditions etc. would all be taken into account in the planning of the project.
Pilot operation.
On New Year's Eve 1943/4, under the leadership of Major Logan Scott-Bowden of the Royal Engineers, a unit set out in motor torpedo boats to survey Luc-sur-Mer. Transferring to a hydrographical survey craft, they moved closer to shore where Major Logan Scott-Bowden and Sgt Bruce Ogden-Smith swam to the beaches. Collecting samples at designated points, they were careful not to leave behind evidence of their visit, and returned to England the next morning.
Operation Postage Able.
On January 16, 1944, planned to spend four days off the French coast. Commanded by Lt KR Hudspeth DSC* RANVR and Sub. Lt. B. Enzer RNVR, with the COPP (Combined Ops Pilotage Party) comprising Lt. Cdr. Nigel Willmott DSO DSC RN, and two divers, Major Logan and Sergeant Ogden-Smith.
During the daytime, periscope-level reconnaissance of the shoreline and echo-soundings were performed. Each night, "X20" would approach the beach, and the divers would swim ashore to take soil samples, collected this time in condoms.
The divers went ashore on two nights to survey the beaches at Vierville-sur-Mer, Moulins St Laurent and Colleville-sur-Mer in what became the American Omaha Beach. On the third night, they were due to go ashore off the Orne Estuary (Sword Beach), but by this stage fatigue (the crew and divers had been living on little more than benzedrine tablets) and the worsening weather caused Hudspeth to shorten the operation, returning to on January 21, 1944.
As a result of the operation, Hudspeth received a bar to his Distinguished Service Cross.
Outcomes.
The allies built two scale models of the landing beaches, one held by the War Department in room 474 of the Metropole Hotel, London, and a duplicate in the Prime Minister's room in the Cabinet War Rooms.
At Cairnryan, just north of Stranraer, south west Scotland, a "life size" reproduction of the beaches was constructed. This allowed the planners to assess the effectiveness of the current landing techniques and the movement of men and machinery over the terrain.

</doc>
<doc id="2900179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900179" title="Dinanath Ramnarine">
Dinanath Ramnarine

Dinanath Ramnarine (born June 4, 1975) is a Trinidadian cricketer who retired in 2002.
He was a leg-spin bowler who, though competent, appeared to have one too many confrontations which eventually forced him to retire at 28. Especially significant was a disagreement with Carl Hooper. He was a leg-spinner with a Test bowling average of around 30 who went on to lead the West Indies Players Association.
FICA.
He is a board member of the Federation of International Cricketers' Associations.

</doc>
<doc id="2900181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900181" title="Central Reservation (album)">
Central Reservation (album)

Central Reservation is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Beth Orton, released 9 March 1999.
The album featured contributions from folk musician Terry Callier (with whom she also recorded the b-side "Lean on Me"), Dr. Robert and Ben Harper. Several tracks were also produced by Ben Watt of Everything But The Girl.
The album gave Orton a second Mercury Music Prize nomination, and won her Best Female at the BRIT Awards.
Release.
"Central Reservation" was released on 9 March 1999, on Heavenly Records. It reached No. 17 on the UK Albums Chart and stayed on the chart for eight weeks. It went to No. 34 on the ARIA albums chart in Australia, No. 35 on the RIANZ albums chart in New Zealand and No. 110 on the "Billboard" 200 chart in the United States. It also went to No. 2 on the US Heatseekers albums chart. The first single from the album was "Stolen Car" which was released on 13 March 1999. It peaked at No. 34 on the UK Singles Chart.
Reception.
"Central Reservation" received generally positive reviews from critics. Jason Ankeny of Allmusic gave the album a rating of 4.5 stars out of 5 and called it "stunning".
Orton won the award for British Female Solo at the 2000 BRIT Awards.
The album is included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. It's her only album to do so.
Track listing.
Bonus tracks.
Japanese edition
Australian edition

</doc>
<doc id="2900182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900182" title="American School of Asuncion">
American School of Asuncion

The American School of Asunción is an international school in Asunción, Paraguay founded in 1954. It is a private non-profit day school, which offers an instructional program from pre-kindergarten through grade 12. The school is a bilingual, multi-cultural educational institution which incorporates U.S. and Paraguayan culture, history, language, pedagogy, and values in an educational program for United States, international, and Paraguayan students alike.
ASA offers a rigorous college-preparatory program using a standards-based curriculum. The program emphasizes cooperative learning, critical thinking, problem solving and whole language, as well as to bilingualism and cultural diversity. All students in grades 1-12 are required to study Spanish. Students can graduate with both a U.S. High School Diploma and Paraguayan Studies Diploma. Each grade level is limited to 48 students and is divided into 2 sections.
The school is accredited in the United States by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) and recognized in Paraguay by the Ministry of Education and Culture. ASA is also a member of the Association of American Schools in South America (AASSA) and recognized by the U.S. Office of Overseas Schools (A.O.S.).
A representative of the US Ambassador sits on the Board of Governors. Today, the modern campus lies within a traditional Asuncion neighborhood and comprises a student body of approximately 700. The student body is predominantly Paraguayan, although many Americans attend several years. About half of ASA graduates attend colleges abroad, while the other half continue their studies in Asunción.
Students that graduated from ASA have attended prestigious U.S. universities including Columbia University, University of Pennsylvania, University of Chicago, and Georgetown as well as national universities like Universidad Nacional de Asunción and Universidad Católica.
School Mission Statement.
The American School of Asunción, a lingual learning community of Paraguayan and international families, offers an early childhood through college-preparatory program. ASA adheres to the highest standards of educational excellence from the United States and Paraguay while fostering a student-centered and caring environment.

</doc>
<doc id="2900186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900186" title="Charles Étienne Briseux">
Charles Étienne Briseux

Charles-Etienne Briseux (c. 1680-1754) was a French architect.
He was especially successful as a designer of internal decorations, mantel pieces, mirrors, doors and overdoors, ceilings, consoles, candelabra, wall panellings and other fittings, chiefly in the Louis Quinze mode. He was also an industrious writer on architectural subjects. 
Works.
His principal works are:

</doc>
<doc id="2900194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900194" title="Fox Feature Syndicate">
Fox Feature Syndicate

Fox Feature Syndicate (also known as Fox Comics and Fox Publications) was a comic book publisher from early in the period known to fans and historians as the Golden Age of Comic Books. Founded by entrepreneur Victor S. Fox, it produced such titles as "Blue Beetle", "Fantastic Comics" and "Mystery Men Comics".
It is unrelated to the company Fox Publications, a Colorado publisher of railroad photography books.
Background.
Victor S. Fox and business associate Bob Farrell launched Fox Feature Syndicate at 480 Lexington Avenue in New York City in the late 1930s. For content, Fox contracted with comics packager Eisner & Iger, one of a handful of companies creating comic books on demand for publishers entering the field. Writer-artist Will Eisner, at Victor Fox's request for a hero to mimic the newly created hit Superman, created the superhero Wonder Man for Fox's first publication, "Wonder Comics" #1 (May 1939), signing his work "Willis". Eisner said in interviews throughout his later life that he had protested the derivative nature of the character and story, and that when subpoenaed after National Periodical Publications, the company that would evolve into DC Comics, sued Fox, alleging Wonder Man was an illegal copy of Superman, Eisner testified that this was so, undermining Fox's case; Eisner even depicts himself doing so in his semi-autobiographical graphic novel "The Dreamer". However, a transcript of the proceeding, uncovered by comics historian Ken Quattro in 2010, indicates Eisner in fact supported Fox and claimed Wonder Man as an original Eisner creation.
After losing at trial, Victor Fox dropped Eisner and Iger, and hired his own stable of comic creators, beginning with a "New York Times" classified ad on December 2, 1939. Joe Simon, a former Eisner and Iger freelancer, became Fox Publications' editor.
As one of the earliest companies in the emerging field, it employed or bought the packaged material of a huge number of Golden Age greats, many at the start of their careers. Lou Fine created the superhero The Flame in "Wonderworld Comics"; Dick Briefer created Rex Dexter of Mars in the eponymous series. George Tuska did his first comics work here with the features "Zanzibar" ("Mystery Men Comics" #1, Aug. 1939) and "Tom Barry" ("Wonderworld Comics" #4). Fletcher Hanks wrote and drew Stardust the Super Wizard in "Fantastic Comics" in 1939 and 1940. Matt Baker, one of the few African-American comic book artists of the Golden Age, revamped — in more than one sense — the newly acquired Quality Comics character Phantom Lady' in 1947, creating one of the most memorable and controversial examples of superhero "good girl art".
Future comics legend Jack Kirby, brought on staff here after freelancing for Eisner & Iger, wrote and drew the syndicated newspaper comic strip "The Blue Beetle" (starting Jan. 1940), starring a character created by Charles Nicholas Wojtkowski in "Mystery Men Comics" #1 (Aug. 1939). Kirby retained the house name "Charles Nicholas" for the comic strip, which lasted three months. Kirby, additionally, created and did one story each of the Fox features "Wing Turner" ("Mystery Men" #10, May 1940) and "Cosmic Carson" ("Science Comics" #4, same month).
Fox Feature Syndicate sponsored a "Blue Beetle Day" at the 1939 New York World's Fair on August 7, 1940, beginning at 10:30 a.m. and including 300 children in relay-race finals at the Field of Special Events, following preliminaries in New York City parks. The race was broadcast over radio station WMCA.
Throughout the 1940s, Fox produced comics in a typically wide variety of genres, but was best known for superheroes and humor. With the post-war decline in superheroes' popularity, Fox, like other publishers, concentrated on horror and crime comics, including some of the most notorious of the latter. Following the establishment of Comics Code Authority in the mid-1950s, Fox went out of business, selling the rights to the Blue Beetle to Charlton Comics.
According to Nicky Wright, "Competing well in the 'most sexy, sadistic, and violent' category, Victor Fox’s "Murder Incorporated" and "Blue Beetle" are noteworthy... When historians describe sleaze, sex, and violence as Fox’s obsession, they are masters of understatement. His best artists, Jack Kamen and Matt Baker, are much revered and collected for their good girl art. (Of special note is the company’s breasty crime-fighter-in-bedroom-lingerie, Phantom Lady...along with the wild and scantily attired Rulah, Jungle Goddess.)"
Boyd Magers said of the publisher, "Never one to overlook a secondary sale, Fox often repackaged four remaindered (unsold) comics into a 25¢ Giant with a new cover, hence "Hoot Gibson's Western Roundup", 132 pages dated 1950. However, since Fox always started their stories on the inside front cover (where other publishers ran an ad), these repackaged comics are always missing the first page of story content. Also, since Fox used remaindered issues, contents will vary from copy to copy of "Hoot Gibson's Western Roundup"."
Fox Feature Syndicate, located at 60 East 42nd Street, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in July 1950, listing liabilities of $721,448 and assets of $932,878, which included $567,800 in uncollected accounts receivables. Central Color Press of the same address filed likewise, listing liabilities of $513,587 and assets of $603,427. Fox was listed as president of both corporations.
Victor Fox.
Early life and career background.
Fox Publications founder Victor Fox was born Samuel Victor Joseph Fox on July 3, 1893, in Nottinghamshire, England, the fourth of six children born to Russian emigres Joseph and Bessie Fox. He had older sisters Annie (b. July 1884), Rosie (b. September 1885), Fanny E. (b. April 1892), and young sisters Etta G. (b. March 1898) and Marrion (b. May 1900). The family relocated to the United States in March 1898, and within two years were living in Fall River, Massachusetts. By 1917, patriarch Joseph, a storekeeper, moved the family to New York City, where he opened a women's clothing business; the family lived at 555 West 151st Street.
U.S. Attorney Charles H. Tuttle in 1929 arrested several individuals including a Victor S. Fox for illegal "boiler-room" stock-trading. Reports of Fox's September 4 arraignment said his Allied Capital Corporation had offices at 49 Broadway and 331 Madison Avenue, and that Fox also had "desk room" at 230 Park Avenue as Fox Motor and Bank Stock, Inc., and as American Common Stocks, Inc. His hearing was set for September 18. Another individual, J.A. Sachs, was named in the same warrant. A report the following month gave the latter's name as John A. Sacks and identified him as president of Allie Capital and Fox as a director; the two were temporarily enjoined from continuing sales of securities. On November 27, Fox and three other individuals connected with Allied Capital — Fred H. Hallen, I. Lloyd Zimmer, and William McManus — were indicted charges of mail fraud. In 1944, an individual named Victor S. Fox, identified as a former partner of the Cornwall Shipbuilding Company, testified for the prosecution in a bribery against U.S. Army Captain Joseph Gould.
It is unclear if the individual(s) in these accounts may be comics' Victor Fox. However, a 1946 "New York Times" real-estate article identifies a "Victor S. Fox" as a "magazine publisher" who purchased for occupancy a five-story residential building at 59 E. 82nd Street. In October 1947, a syndicate headed by Fox and also including Central Color Press of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, purchased Potsdam Paper Mill, Inc., of Potsdam, New York, in order to have what one report called "a completely integrated operation."
Comics publisher.
Historian Jon Berk has written that Fox was an accountant/bookkeeper at the publishing firm that would become DC Comics, where he was privy to sales figures that convinced him to launch his own comic book company. Fellow historian Gerard Jones, writing in his book "Men of Tomorrow: Geeks, Gangsters, and the Birth of the Comic Book", was unable to find documentation of this, and Christopher Irving wrote that Fox learned about DC's success while with another magazine distributed by Independent News, DC's distributor.
Artist Jack Kirby said of Fox, "Victor Fox was a character. He'd look up at the ceiling with a big cigar, this little fellow, very broad, going back and forth with his hands behind his back saying, 'I'm the King of Comics! I'm the King of Comics!' and we would watch him and, of course, smile a little because he was a genuine type".
Writer/artist Joe Simon commented on Fox, "He was an accountant for DC Comics. He was doing the sales figures and he liked what he saw. So, he moved downstairs and started his own company... I happened to get a job; I went over to Fox and became editor there, which was just an impossible job, because ... there were no artists, no writers, no editors, no letterers — nothing there. Everything came out of the Eisner and Iger shop. ... He was a very strange character. He had kind of a British accent; he was like 5'2", told us he was a former ballroom dancer. He was very loud, menacing, and really a scary little guy. He used to say, 'I'm the King of the Comics. I'm the King of the Comics. I'm the King of the Comics.' We couldn't stop him".

</doc>
<doc id="2900196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900196" title="2004 Asia Cup">
2004 Asia Cup

The eighth edition of cricket's Asia Cup (also called Indian Oil Asia Cup) was held in Sri Lanka after a gap of 4 years. Sri Lanka beat India in the final to win the cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2900198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900198" title="Central Semitic languages">
Central Semitic languages

The Central Semitic languages are a proposed intermediate group of Semitic languages, comprising Arabic and Northwest Semitic languages (which include Aramaic, Ugaritic, and the Canaanite languages of Hebrew and Phoenician). In this reckoning Central Semitic itself is one of three divisions of Semitic along with East Semitic (Akkadian) and South Semitic (South Arabian, and the Semitic languages of Ethiopia).
Different classification systems disagree on the precise structure of the group. The most common approach divides it into Arabic and Northwest Semitic, while SIL Ethnologue has South Central Semitic (including Arabic and Hebrew) vs. Aramaic.
The main distinction between Arabic and the Northwest Semitic languages is the presence of broken plurals in the former. The majority of Arabic masculine non-human nouns form plurals in this manner (called inanimate plural), whereas almost all nouns in the Northwest Semitic languages form their plurals with a suffix. For example, the Arabic بيت "bayt" ("house") becomes بيوت "buyūt" ("houses"); the Hebrew בית "bayit" ("house") becomes בתים "battīm" ("houses").

</doc>
<doc id="2900204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900204" title="Antigenes (general)">
Antigenes (general)

Antigenes (in ; died 316 BC) was a general of Alexander the Great, who also served under Philip II of Macedon, and lost an eye at the siege of Perinthus (340 BC). After the death of Alexander (323 BC) he obtained the satrapy of Susiana. He was one of the commanders of the Argyraspides and espoused with his troops the side of Eumenes. On the defeat of the latter in 316 BC, Antigenes fell into the hands of his enemy Antigonus, and was burnt alive by him:

</doc>
<doc id="2900208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900208" title="Cedar Creek (Barnegat Bay)">
Cedar Creek (Barnegat Bay)

Cedar Creek is an tributary of Barnegat Bay in Ocean County in the southern New Jersey Pine Barrens in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2900210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900210" title="Parks and open spaces in Kingston upon Thames">
Parks and open spaces in Kingston upon Thames

The Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames is located along a stretch of the River Thames where the Hogsmill River joins the former at the town of Kingston. The Borough contains a large number of parks, sports grounds and open spaces including "Hogsmill Valley Walk" which is maintained by the borough, from where it enters its boundary to the Thames. Other open spaces include the western hall of "Beverley Park" and the "University of London Athletic Ground" and the "BBC Sports Ground", Motspur Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2900218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900218" title="Strap-on dildo">
Strap-on dildo

A strap-on dildo (also strap-on, strapon or dildo harness) is a dildo designed to be worn, usually with a harness, during sexual activity. Harnesses and dildos are made in a wide variety of styles, with variations in how the harness fits the wearer, how the dildo attaches to the harness, as well as various features intended to facilitate stimulation of the wearer or a sexual partner.
A strap-on dildo can be used for a wide variety of sexual activities, including vaginal sex, anal sex, oral sex, or solo or mutual masturbation. Sexual lubricant can be used to ease insertion, and strap-on dildos can be used by people of any sexuality or gender.
Harnesses.
Harness types.
The first part of a strap-on setup is the harness, which connects the dildo to the wearer's body, usually in a position similar to that of a male's genitals. A good harness should be sturdy yet comfortable, and is often designed to provide stimulation for the wearer. Many types of harnesses are available, with different features and drawbacks. Some dildos do not need a harness or are built onto one; for these, please see the sections on dildo types and dildo attachment methods.
Two-strap.
A 2-strap harness, in its most basic form, is similar to a g-string. One strap goes around the wearer's waist, like a belt, while the other goes between the wearer's legs and connects to the other strap in the middle at the lower back. While these are simple, many people find them uncomfortable because the strap rubs against the anus and other areas, and they sometimes do not hold the dildo very firmly, causing it to sag, flop, or twist.
Three-strap.
Three-strap harnesses have one strap around the wearer's waist, but instead of one strap between the legs, they have two straps, one around each thigh, rejoining the first strap near the front. This design leaves the genitals and anus uncovered, and attaches the dildo more firmly, giving the wearer more control. Not all people find this design comfortable, and sometimes they are difficult to fit properly, and tend to slip.
Corsets and other clothing items.
Strap-on harnesses built into various clothing items are available, most often as a corset or other item of lingerie. Some are designed to be worn underneath normal clothing for quick use (if done with the dildo in place, either to give the appearance of a penis or to be able to quickly initiate intercourse, this is sometimes called "packing"), while others take advantage of the additional strength and sturdiness an item of clothing can provide over a few straps, or just to integrate the strap-on into an erotic outfit.
Body locations.
Harnesses are not limited to the crotch, and indeed many types are available for other body parts. A popular one is a thigh harness, which attaches a dildo to the wearer's thigh (or other part of the legs or arms, though this is much less common), allowing for many unique positions, as penetration is no longer limited to what could be done with a penis. Another unusual design attaches a dildo to the chin of the wearer, allowing vaginal penetration while performing anilingus or vice versa. Also, an additional design is a gag-style harness, in which a gag is inserted into the wearer's mouth and a dildo protrudes at the other end.
Upon objects.
Harnesses are available to attach dildos to just about any household object, allowing for many creative uses. A dildo could be attached to a chair, bed, or any other item of furniture, and penetrate someone during other activities, with or without a partner. Another item, while not technically a harness, but worth mentioning, is an inflatable ball, usually 9 to 18 inches (250 to 500 mm) diameter, made of sturdy rubber designed to support the weight of one or two people, with an attachment for a dildo on it. This allows many unique positions, such as double penetration for a woman by lying face down on the ball for vaginal penetration while her partner penetrates her anally doggy style, which is much more effective than a solid object due to the "bounce" of the ball. These inflatable balls are also quite popular for solo use.
Harness materials.
Harnesses are available in many different materials, and the choice of which to use depends greatly on individual preference.
Synthetic.
Nylon webbing and soft foam-like synthetic leather are common, relatively affordable, and very durable. Synthetic harnesses are relatively easy to clean and require relatively little maintenance. Some, such as the "Spare Parts" harness, are machine-washable.
Leather.
Leather is comfortable and adjusts to the wearer's body, but still is strong. Leather is harder to clean and requires more work to maintain than other materials.
Cloth.
Cloth is used mostly for clothing harnesses such as corsets and other lingerie, although is occasionally used by extremely inexpensive harnesses, which are often uncomfortable or useless. Construction of lingerie harnesses is similar to most normal items of clothing, although they may use substantially thicker material to give the strength needed to support a dildo firmly.
Plastic.
Some harnesses are made with soft plastic, such as flexible vinyl. These are often available in colors besides traditional black, and may be completely transparent (not possible with other materials). They may be less comfortable than other materials, and may be difficult to make fit well, however they are very easy to clean and fairly robust.
Latex, rubber, PVC.
Latex harnesses usually cover the entire area, rather than just using straps. They tend to be medium-priced, and have a limited lifespan, especially if used with oil-based lubricants. Latex can require much care, such as special cleaners or shiners to keep it from turning dry and dusty. Latex harnesses may or may not have the dildo(s) molded as part of the harness, and in either case, they tend to be floppy due to the flexibility of the latex. Similar harnesses are also available made of rubber or PVC, and are similar to latex harnesses, although PVC tends to be much less flexible and elastic.
Dildos.
Dildo types.
The most noticeable feature of any strap-on setup is the dildo used. A wide variety of dildos are available, and while the choices may be limited by the type of harness in use, generally one can choose from several common types. This section discusses the shape and features of the penetrating end of the dildo, not of the entire dildo or how it's attached, which can be found in the section on dildo attachment methods for the double dildo and strapless dildo.
Standard.
The standard dildo has a non-tapered or slightly tapered shaft, and often has an enlarged head, similar to a penis. The shaft may be slightly curved, but if it is strongly curved, it is often classified as a g-spot/prostate dildo as well. This type is by far the most popular, both for vaginal and anal use, although some beginners prefer a probe-type dildo. Depending on the type of harness the dildo is meant for, it may have molded testicles as part of the base, which many people say gives more pleasure and helps keep the dildo from "bottoming out." Standard dildos are the most common by a large margin, and are available in virtually any length and width, material, texture, etc.
Probe.
A probe dildo is often highly tapered, and many resemble a cone in overall shape, or may have a narrow diameter its entire length, although ones resembling an elongated butt plug are also common, their defining feature being a bulb in the middle which tapers down again towards the harness before flaring wider. These dildos are often advertised as being for beginners, especially newcomers to pegging, who may find a narrow, tapered dildo easier to start with if they have never had anal penetration before. Many people find that once they are familiar with the activity, the probe dildos are inadequate and unsatisfying, and purchase a standard dildo to use with their harness. Due to this, many kits include both a probe dildo and a standard dildo, so it is not necessary to purchase another.
G-spot and prostate.
Dildos designed for g-spot or prostate stimulation often have a sharp upwards curve at the head, or gradual but still strong curvature the entire length. When used in many sexual positions, the curve causes strong pressure against the g-spot in women or the prostate in men. Some men report that strong prostate stimulation is important for an anal orgasm, while others report it as a distraction rather than a help. When using one of these dildos for the first time, care should be taken at first to make sure it's comfortable for the receiver, as the strong bend can be difficult to insert or control. For many positions, such as doggy style, the curved tip should point downwards, as otherwise it points in the wrong direction for either g-spot or prostate stimulation.
Textured.
For added stimulation, many dildos for harness use are manufactured with bulbs along their length, or having ripples, bumps, or other shapes on the surface to increase the stimulation given to the receiver. A bulbous dildo causes repeated expansion of the vaginal opening when used for vaginal penetration or of the anus when used for anal penetration, and causes a unique pulsating effect and additional stimulation. Ripples along the length of the dildo increase friction and cause a washboard effect, which some people find increases their pleasure, while others find tend to cause numbness. Individual bumps or a water droplet texture on the shaft also causes extra stimulation, and often avoids the washboard effect of evenly spaced ripples. Some dildos modeled to be realistic penises contain very heavy vein textures on the surface, causing a similar effect.
Vibrating and rotating.
Some dildos, especially recent ones, may have rotating beads along the shaft, a wiggling shaft, vibrating ticklers or other clitoral stimulation devices, or other features to give more pleasure to the user. While their effectiveness is a matter of opinion, they are becoming increasingly popular. An inexpensive design is basically a standard rabbit vibrator designed for harness use (often exactly the same toy with a slightly different base), while more expensive dildos are designed from the ground-up for harness use and are usually superior. Rotating beads provide extra stimulation of the vulva and vaginal opening when used for vaginal penetration or stimulation of the anus when used for anal penetration, while the various clitoral stimulation devices are generally intended only for vaginal intercourse. These dildos are often bulky or heavy, and like all other vibrators need a power source (usually batteries in a pack that clips onto the harness or slips into a pocket on it), but can provide additional stimulation for those who desire it.
Double penetration.
Double penetration dildos are generally two dildos molded onto a common base, designed for simultaneous vaginal and anal penetration or simultaneous vaginal and vaginal penetration, not to be confused with a man using a strap-on along with his penis for double penetration, which is discussed below. A typical double-penetration dildo has a longer, thicker main shaft for vaginal penetration, and a shorter, thinner, often more curved shaft for anal penetration. Although rare, dildos with the anal shaft being equally as large as the vaginal shaft are available for women who find a larger anal dildo more satisfying. These dildos tend to greatly limit the possible positions they are used in, as the angle has to be right for both vaginal and anal penetration when thrusting, however they can provide a unique experience for couples to try.
Specialty functions.
Many specialty dildos are available, such as ones that expand when an attached inflator bulb is squeezed, simulate ejaculation by releasing warm water on demand when a reservoir is compressed, or function as enema nozzles, allowing an enema to be given while using the strap-on for anal intercourse. Inflatable dildos generally expand in girth when inflated (they usually come with a simple hand-squeeze inflator bulb), allowing the dildo to keep expanding during intercourse as the receiver slowly stretches, giving a unique completely filled feeling which is hard to obtain using normal dildos. Ejaculating dildos contain a squeeze bulb or other reservoir, which when filled with hot water beforehand, allows the wearer to "come" into the receiver at the proper moment. Enema nozzle dildos contain tubing connections, and when used for anal penetration (most often with silicone lube, as water soluble lube would quickly break down when combined with an enema) allow the receiver to receive an enema during intercourse. Some BDSM mistresses specialize in offering this service. A relatively new product in this field is dildos with electrodes for erotic electrostimulation, further increasing the range of sensations the receiver can experience.
Penis extensions.
Hollow dildos are often sold as penis extensions, but the most common use is for men with erectile dysfunction. The penis is inserted into the hollow inside of the dildo, then the harness is put on, allowing the man to penetrate his partner with the dildo, the thrusting of which is transferred to his penis.
Dildo attachment methods.
The principal feature of any strap-on setup is the attachment—the dildo used to penetrate the other partner. While there's a huge array of different dildos available, most are attached to the harness in one of several ways. All methods have tradeoffs, and many couples will have different harnesses depending on which type of dildo they want to use.
Ring and wide base.
The most common means of holding the dildo to the harness is to have an opening or ring in the harness through which a wide-based dildo is inserted. Inexpensive harnesses tend to just have a round hole in the fabric or leather, while more expensive ones will use a steel or rubber ring. The advantage of this method is that dildos which fit are widely available and inexpensive, and even many dildos not meant for harness use will work in one of these harnesses, such as most dildos with testicles. The major disadvantage is the dildo is often held loosely (especially on cheap harnesses) and tends to flop downwards, and the dildo often can rotate in the harness, making it difficult or impossible to use g-spot or other shaped dildos.
Vacuum seal.
Used primarily by Doc Johnson, Vac-u-lock dildos have a rippled hollow in their base, which fits onto a matching plug on the harness or other toy. Powdered lubricant is used on the plug to facilitate removal. The advantage of this design is the dildo is firmly attached and can not easily rotate, and does not tend to flop downwards or slip like ring harnesses, as well as there being a wide variety of other devices the dildos can be attached to, such as handles and inflatable balls. The disadvantage is the relatively low availability and high cost of compatible attachments. A number of brands have non-compatible clones of the vac-u-lock system, but dildos and accessories for them are virtually unavailable.
Strapless.
A recent design is a strapless strap-on, designed to be held in a vagina or anus with an egg-shaped bulb and thus not to require the use of a harness. This differs from a double dildo where both ends are phallic and a harness is required. The Feeldoe is a strapless dildo which was patented by Melissa Mia Kain in 1997. Advantages of this design are that it can be used spontaneously, that it provides deep internal thrusting to both partners, and that the lack of harness makes it more comfortable. Disadvantages are that the eggs do not prevent rotation or droop, leading to a reduced amount of control unless a harness is employed anyway; a requirement for strong muscles; and the practice needed to become familiar with its use. Many strapless strap ons can also be used with a harness when partners want to increase control. Not all harnesses are suitable for strapless strap ons. It is highly recommended that you use a strap on with very adjustable O-ring or a two hole harness.
Double penetration.
A double dildo can be used with or without a harness, although most provide no means of using them with a harness. A double dildo, as its name implies, is a dildo in which both ends are designed for insertion, and often is 18 inches (450 mm) or more long. While special ones meant for use with a harness do exist, a normal double dildo is straight, is rarely at a comfortable angle for intercourse, and jabs into the cervix of a woman using one. However, double dildos can be used for a variety of creative positions for which a harness would be awkward, such as both partners in doggy style positions or sitting facing each other.
One-piece latex.
Some harnesses and dildos are made of a single piece of molded latex, with the dildo permanently built into the front. These are often inexpensive, shoddy products, although higher quality ones are available. The advantages are simple use and an appearance some people find erotic, but this is often outweighed by the inability to use a different dildo, the often weak, floppy nature of the dildo, the inability to adjust to a given person for a comfortable fit, and their relatively short lifespan.
Molded straps.
Some very cheap "strap-on dildos" have straps or attachments for straps directly molded into the material of the dildo. This design is very flimsy, and is only used on the cheapest products. They are essentially useless for the traditional purpose of a strap-on dildo (one partner penetrating another using a dildo in a position similar to a penis), but can be strapped around chairs and other objects for a variety of other activities.
Methods of stimulation for the wearer.
Pleasure for the wearer of the strap-on generally comes from pressure against the genitals, particularly the clitoris, during use and from psychological arousal. Many designs of strap-on have various features to increase the stimulation of the wearer.
Some harnesses intentionally leave the genital area and anus open (either intentionally with an opening in the material or by the design simply not having any straps that would cover it), which allows any toy to be used for the stimulation of the wearer, or even for the wearer to be penetrated while wearing the strap-on. This can often be useful when the partners wish to switch roles during their play, as the strap-on can be put on before hand without interfering or needing to be taken off for play to continue. This type of harness is ill-suited for using toys, however, as the harness would not touch the toys, both preventing them from falling out while thrusting and not providing movement to them from the harness.
External stimulation.
Built-in features.
Some harnesses and dildos provide raised bumps or other features designed to rub against the clitoris of a female wearer, either attached to the inside of the harness, or on the back of the base of the dildo. Harnesses that work with such dildos have to have an open back, where the base of the dildo presses directly against the woman's body. As high-quality harnesses usually have padding or other means of attaching the dildo to the harness than a simple opening, these features are usually only seen on low-quality, inexpensive dildos. They provide only limited stimulation, and while better than nothing, are usually considered inferior to other types.
Vibrators.
Another means of providing stimulation to the wearer is a vibrating egg, "clit blaster", vibrating gel pads or whiskers, or other device mounted on the inside of the strapon. These are almost always intended for use by women, as the external vibrator is rarely positioned well nor provides stimulation to males. These devices provide external stimulation to the clitoris, vulva, and other parts of the vaginal opening, but do not provide any penetrative stimulation or anal stimulation.
Internal stimulation.
Double-ended attachments.
While a double dildo obviously would provide stimulation to the wearer as well, the standard straight dildo is very poorly suited for harness use. To overcome this, many dildos are available for harness use that have an offset in the middle, with the main attachment and a smaller vaginal attachment for the wearer having a flat vertical section between them. This way, the main attachment is at a good angle and position for thrusting, while its movement is transmitted directly to the vaginal plug and clitoris of the wearer.
Double-ended/sided hands and strap free dildos.
The latest technological achievement is totally new kind of strapless strap on. A special example of these are Feeldoe, Sysil, Super Strapless Silicone Dildo, Share, Nexus Maximus and Transfer, which has an egg shaped bulb designed to be inserted into the vagina or anus of the wearer. Due to the shape of the dildo, thrusting on the main dildo translates to lateral movement of the plug, providing great stimulation to the wearer. Additionally, the shape of the plug allows it to be used without a harness in many instances. It can also allow a man to perform a double penetration (actually doing anal while the dildo penetrate the vagina) while being anal-plugged himself, all with only a single toy.
Internal plugs.
Many of the "professional" harnesses have one or two plugs (vaginal, anal, or both) on the inside of the harness, to penetrate the wearer. These plugs (may be shaped either like small dildos, the standard butt plug shape, or a combination/hybrid thereof) are usually firmly attached to the harness, and provide stimulation to the wearer as he/she thrusts with the main dildo. Harnesses made for men usually only come with the anal plug, while ones for women come with both plugs, which most women report provides the most pleasure using one.
While a plug can be used in combination with most any harness, just by inserting the plugs before putting on the harness, all the harness tends to do is push the plugs in, and not move them as to provide stimulation when the wearer thrusts. Depending on the type of harness, different ways are used to properly attach plugs to the harness. A common type consists of an opening or rubber ring with a cloth or leather back, similar to what might be used to hold the main dildo to the front of the harness, but positioned over the anus, vagina, or ones for both. A dildo/plug with a wide base is inserted through the ring, then when the harness is put on, the material pulls tight against it, holding it firm. For vac-u-lock harnesses, one or two additional vac-u-lock plugs are mounted on the inside of the harness, allowing any vac-u-lock attachment to be used. Most vac-u-lock harnesses that have the connectors for internal plugs come with two plug-shaped vac-u-lock attachments, a smaller one for anal use and a larger one for vaginal use. Like other types of harnesses, both plugs may be used at once, and often are separately adjustable on the strap to fit the wearer's body.
Sexual positions.
A number of positions can be performed using a strap-on dildo. These include:
Common uses.
Even more than the different types of harnesses and dildos, there are different ways to make use of a strap-on setup. Generally ways of using them can be divided into several broad categories, however there are infinite variations.
Almost every position associated with sexual intercourse (or not, in the case of simultaneous penetration) can be performed with a strap-on. Indeed, with other harnesses that allow a dildo to be mounted on inanimate objects, endless new positions can be conceived.
History.
Due to the often taboo nature of strap-on activities, information on their history is difficult to find. An 1899 report by Haberlandt documented current and historical use of double-ended dildos in Zanzibar, and is one of the few historical documents of this kind. Female-female dildo usage in ancient China has been documented, but it is not clear if this was double-dildos, strap-on dildos, or just a simple dildo being used by one woman on another. In ancient Greece, dildos were made of stone or padded leather, and some evidence shows aforementioned leather was used to make a harness as well, with olive oil used for anal penetration. A double-penetration dildo was found in ancient France, but its use is lost to time. A 19th-century Chinese painting shows a woman using a dildo strapped to her shoe, showing that creative use of strap-ons was already well under way. Many artifacts from the Upper Paleolithic have been found that appear to be dildos, including a double "baton" with a hole in the middle, theorized to be for a strap to hold it to a wearer. The "Kama Sutra" includes mention of dildos (darshildo in Hindi) made from a wide variety of materials, and used by hand, with ties (straps), or in a harness. It is likely the history of the strap-on parallels the history of the dildo, and given the age of many discoveries, is a rather long history.

</doc>
<doc id="2900220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900220" title="Rule a Wife and Have a Wife">
Rule a Wife and Have a Wife

Rule a Wife and Have a Wife is a late Jacobean stage play, a comedy written by John Fletcher. It was first performed in 1624 and first published in 1640.
The play was licensed for performance by Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, on Oct. 19, 1624. It was performed by the King's Men, who performed it at Court twice in that season. The 1640 quarto was printed at Oxford by Leonard Lichfield, the printer to the University of Oxford. It was later reprinted in the second Beaumont and Fletcher folio of 1679. It was revived in the Restoration era in an adaptation, like many of Fletcher's plays; the revised version was printed in 1697 and repeatedly thereafter, and proved to be among the dramatist's most popular works.
External evidence, including Herbert's entry in his records and the 1640 quarto, assigns the play to Fletcher alone. The play's internal evicence of style and textual preferences confirms Fletcher's solo authorship: "Fletcher's sole responsibility for it has never been questioned."

</doc>
<doc id="2900234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900234" title="Jean Baptiste Prosper Bressant">
Jean Baptiste Prosper Bressant

Jean Baptiste Prosper Bressant (1815–1886) was a French actor born in Chalon-sur-Saône, Saône-et-Loire, in 1815. In 1838 he went to the French theatre at St. Petersburg, where for eight years he played important parts with ever-increasing reputation. His success was confirmed at the Gymnase when he returned to Paris in 1846, and he made his debut at the Comédie Française as a full-fledged "sociétaire" in 1854.
From playing the ardent young lover, he turned to leading rôles both in modern plays and in the classical repertoire. His Richelieu in "Mlle de Belle-Isle", his Octave in Alfred de Musset's "Les Caprices de Marianne", and his appearance in de Musset's "Il faut qu'une porte soit ouverte ou fermée" and "Un caprice" were followed by "Tartuffe", "Le Misanthrope" and "Don Juan". Bressant retired in 1875, and died on the 23rd of January 1886. During his professorship at the Conservatoire, Jean Mounet-Sully was one of his pupils.
He introduced a new hairstyle with a crew cut at the front and longer hair at the back, possibly an early example of the mullet.

</doc>
<doc id="2900236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900236" title="Tow hitch">
Tow hitch

A tow hitch (or tow bar) is a device attached to the chassis of a vehicle for towing or a towbar to an aircraft nose gear, or paired main gears. It can take the form of a tow ball to allow swiveling and articulation of a trailer, or a tow pin and jaw with a trailer loop—often used for large or agricultural vehicles where slack in the pivot pin allows similar movements. Another category is the towing pintle used on military vehicles worldwide.
Regional variations.
North America.
In North America the vehicle attachment is known as the "trailer hitch". Trailer hitches come in two main configurations: receiver type and fixed-drawbar type. Receiver-type hitches consist of a portion that mounts to the frame of the vehicle that has a rearward-facing opening that accepts removable ball mounts, hitch bike racks, cargo carriers, or other hitch mounted accessories. Fixed-drawbar hitches are typically built as one piece, have an integrated hole for the trailer ball, and are generally not compatible with aftermarket hitch accessories. 
A trailer hitch typically bolts to the chassis of the vehicle. In North America there are a few common classes: I, II, III, IV that are defined by the SAE. Some manufacturers market Class V hitches, but there is no such thing according to SAE J684.
Receiver-type hitches are typically offered with a square receiver opening of (for Class I/II) or (for Class III/IV/V). Some Class IV/V hitches are available in opening sizes. 
The trailer tongue (North America) or coupling (outside North America) slips over a tow ball. Tow balls come in various sizes depending on the load they carry and the country of operation:
In North America, the ball attaches to a ballmount. Receiver-type hitches use removable ball mounts, whereas the fixed drawbar type hitches have integrated ball mounts. The ball mount must match the SAE hitch class. The ballmount for a receiver-type hitch is a rectangular bar that fits into a receiver attached to the vehicle. Removable ball mounts are offered with varying rise or drop to accommodate variations in the height of the vehicle and trailer to provide for level towing.
In order to tow safely the correct combination of vehicle and trailer must be combined with correct loading horizontally and vertically on the tow ball. Advice should be taken (see references) to avoid problems.
Outside North America, the vehicle mounting for the tow ball is called the tow bracket. The mounting points for all recent passenger vehicles are defined by the vehicle manufacturer and the tow-bracket manufacturer must use these mount points and prove the efficacy of their bracket for each vehicle by a full rig-based fatigue test.
Additionally, many pickup trucks come equipped with a 1 to 3 mounting holes placed in the center area of the rear bumper to accommodate the mounting of trailer tow balls. The ones on the extreme left or right are often used by drivers in rural areas who tow wide farm equipment on 2 lane roads. The far side mounting allows for the item (trailer, etc.) being towed to be further away from the opposite side of the road (on coming traffic, etc.). Caution must be taken when using the bumper of a pickup truck for towing rather than using a frame mounted receiver hitch, as the bumper does not provide for as much strength and therefore is generally used to tow lighter types of loads. Weight ratings for both bumper mounted and frame mounted receiver hitches can be found on bumper of pickup trucks (for bumper mounted trailer tow balls) and on the receiver hitch (for frame mounted receiver hitches). Many pickup trucks without frame mounted receiver hitches often use the rear bumper, especially if the pickup truck is a light duty (not full size) pickup truck.
Europe.
In the European Union, towbars must be a type approved to European Union directive 94/20/EC to be fitted to vehicles first registered on or after 1 August 1998.
The ISO standard tow ball is 50 mm in diameter and conforms to a standard BS AU 113b (replaced by BS ISO 1103:2007). The ISO standard has been adopted in most of the world outside North America. 
There are two main categories of ISO tow ball: the flange fitting and the swan-neck which has an extended neck fitting into the tow-bracket. Swan-neck tow balls are often removable to avoid the inconvenience of a tow ball protruding from the vehicle when not required. Some manufacturers are introducing retractable tow balls as an option.
Across Europe around 25% of vehicles have tow balls fitted—but there are distinct regional variations, being more common in Benelux and Scandinavia. In Sweden, around 2.2 million cars of around 4.3 million (just over 50%) have tow balls. In the United Kingdom the popularity of caravans is responsible for a high percentage number of 4x4 (SUV) type vehicles being fitted with tow hitches.
Trailer tow hitch.
Cars can include trailer tow hitch with a removable tow ball.
Weight-distributing hitch.
A weight-distributing hitch is a "load leveling" hitch. It is a hitch setup mounted on the tow vehicle that uses spring bars under tension to distribute part of the trailer's hitch weight from the towing vehicle's rear axle to the towing vehicle's front axle and to the trailer's axle(s). It can help reduce trailer sway and hop. Trailer hop can jerk the tow vehicle. Trailer sway is sometimes called "fish tailing". At high speeds, trailer sway can become dangerous. Most vehicle manufacturers will only allow a maximum trailer capacity of and of tongue weight without using a weight-distributing hitch. Tow vehicles often have square receiver sockets to accept weight distributing hitches.
Lunette ring.
A lunette ring is a type of trailer hitch that works in combination with a pintle hook on the tow vehicle. A pintle hook and lunette ring makes a more secure coupling, desirable on rough terrain, compared to ball-type trailer hitches. It is commonly seen in towing applications by the military.
The clearance between the lunette and pintle allows for more relative motion between the trailer and tow vehicle than a ball coupling does. A disadvantage of that is the "slam" transmitted into the towing vehicle with each push/pull load reversal. This becomes a tradeoff between a more secure coupling, and a more comfortable towing experience.

</doc>
<doc id="2900245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900245" title="Pont Marengo">
Pont Marengo

The Pont Marengo (Marengo bridge) crosses the Canal du Midi and links Carcassonne to the local railway station.
The lock is very busy and a favourite tourist attraction as the canal boats work their way along the canal. The plaque on the bridge dates the work to 1800 or as it also says year 8, measuring time in the new republic. The bridge is named after the Battle of Marengo at which Napoleon defeated the Austrians in 1800. A little way down from the bridge the railway line crosses the canal and here there is a small plaque and garden commemorating the maquisards who were executed here by the Nazis.

</doc>
<doc id="2900259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900259" title="The Worms at Heaven's Gate">
The Worms at Heaven's Gate

"The Worms at Heaven's Gate" is a poem from Wallace Stevens' first book of poetry, "Harmonium" (1923). It was first published in 1916 and is therefore in the public domain.
The title is probably an allusion to William Shakespeare's Sonnet 29 ("When in disgrace with fortune and men's eyes...") wherein the words "Hymns at Heaven's Gate" appear. Badroulbadour was a princess married to Aladdin in a fairytale from "One Thousand and One Nights". The mention of Heaven's Gate identifies the poem as a commentary on the resurrection of the flesh.
Robert Buttel sees the poem as a specimen of Stevens' "grotesque strain" and wryly observes that "it would be difficult to find a more unique funeral procession in literature." He credits William Carlos Williams for improving the line "Within our bellies, we her chariot." from the original "Within our bellies, as a chariot."
The overall impression is at once macabre and archly humorous. Thoughts of death and decay are secondary to the sound of 'Badroulbadour', the verb 'decline', and the poem's syntactic architecture. But in essence the poem conveys a sense of the transient nature of beauty. For another perspective on this transience see "Peter Quince at the Clavier".
The poem may be compared to "Anecdote of Canna", which describes a unique terrace stroll, and to "Of Heaven Considered as a Tomb", which speculates on the other side of death. Attending to the blank-verse syntax, Buttel compares the poem to "Infanta Marina" for the delicacy of its rhythm, to which it adds the insistent rhythms of a funeral procession. (See also "Cortege for Rosenbloom".)
Out of the tomb, we bring Badroulbadour;
Then in lines three and four, 
Here is an eye. And here are, one by one,<br>
The lashes of that eye and its white lid.
Buttel continues:
he reversed initial foot and the following caesura help draw specific attention to the eye; the following three iambic feet maintain the pace of the procession; and the spondees on `that eye' and `white lid' substantiate the reflective consideration of Badroulbadour's exquisite beauty. In the next-to-last line of the poem, Stevens did not hesitate to give full stress to the three main words and let very light accents fall on the preposition and conjunction:
The bundle of the body and the feet.
It was important to hasten over the merely physical attributes of the princess, and the metrical telescoping of the line fits that intention without disturbing the processional rhythm.
The poem surely adds a wry layer of meaning to Stevens' epigram in "Adagia," "The poet makes silk dresses out of worms."

</doc>
<doc id="2900261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900261" title="Telesis">
Telesis

Telesis (from the Greek τέλεσις /telesis/) or "planned progress" was a concept and neologism coined by the American sociologist Lester Frank Ward (often referred to as the "father of American sociology"), in the late 19th century to describe directed social advancement via education and the scientific method. The term has since been adopted as the name of numerous groups, schools, and businesses.
Architecture and planning.
A group of architects, landscape architects, and urban planners from the Bay Area, founded in late 1939 through the merging of two groups of architects, one from San Francisco and the other from the University of California, Berkeley, called themselves Telesis. Philosophically, the group also evolved from several larger international architectural movements, which included CIAM (Congrès International d'Architecture Moderne) and MARS (Modern Architectural Research Group).
Their stated aim was to research the development and implications of what architectural critic Lewis Mumford called the Second Bay Area Regional Style. As set forth in their founding statement, the group believed that "People and the Land make up the environment which has four distinct parts--a place to Live, Work, Play, and the Services which integrate these and make them operate. These components must be integrated in the community and urban region through rational planning, and through the use of modern building technology." -- from "The Things Telesis Has Found Important"
Noted Telesis members included William Wurster, Catherine Bauer Wurster, Vernon DeMars, Thomas Church, Garret Eckbo, Grace McCann Morley, Geraldine Knight Scott, Joseph Allen Stein, Jack Hillmer, Francis Violich, and T. J. Kent, Jr. In addition to internal research and working groups that investigated such topics as speculative housing, industrial design, and the relationship of the physical environment of the San Francisco Bay Area to indigenous architectural styles, the group also organized several influential exhibitions on contemporary architecture and planning with the support of the San Francisco Museum of Art. Professional and personal papers from many of Telesis's members are collected in the Environmental Design Archives at the University of California, Berkeley.
Sociology.
The mechanics of society fall under two general groups: social statics and social dynamics. Social dynamics is further divided into social genesis and social telesis. Social telesis may be further divided into individual telesis and collective telesis.
Philosophy.
Telesis (Greek: Telos, end, + -osis, condition) as "the intelligent direction of effort toward the achievement of an end." has also been a term used in the context of epistemology and ontology as "infocognitive potential". 

</doc>
<doc id="2900263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900263" title="Anil Dalpat">
Anil Dalpat

Anil Dalpat (Urdu: انیل دلپت) or Anil Dalpat Sonavaria (born September 20, 1963) was the first Hindu ever to play Test cricket for Pakistan. Dalpat was a lower-order batsman and wicket keeper, and represented Pakistan for a brief interval in the early 1980s, when Wasim Bari was injured. Dalpat has had a wider first-class cricket experience and career, and is the cousin of Danish Kaneria, Pakistan's first-choice spin bowler and only the second Hindu to play for Pakistan. He lives in the metropolis of Karachi, and is of Marwari heritage.The first Hindu to play Test cricket for Pakistan, Anil Dalpat was one of several wicketkeepers given a chance after the retirement of Wasim Bari. On his debut, against England at Karachi in 1983-84, Dalpat kept well to the spin of Abdul Qadir as Pakistan won by three wickets. In his nine Tests, he made 25 dismissals and a highest score of 52 against New Zealand at Karachi in 1984-85. Dalpat is the first cousin of Danish Kaneria, who made his Test debut for Pakistan in the 2000-01 series against England. In 1983-84 Dalpat dismissed 67 batsmen, a Pakistan domestic record.

</doc>
<doc id="2900264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900264" title="Squidbillies">
Squidbillies

Squidbillies is an American animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim. An unofficial pilot for the series aired on April 1, 2005, the series later made its official debut on October 16, 2005. The series revolves around the Cuyler family, an impoverished family of anthropomorphic hillbilly mud squids living in the Georgia region of the Appalachian Mountains.
There have been a total of 85 episodes during the show's eight seasons. The series also airs in syndication in other countries and has been released on various DVD sets and other forms of home media, including on demand streaming of the first two seasons on Netflix.
Setting and premise.
"Squidbillies" follows the exploits of the Cuyler family and their interactions with the local populace, which usually results in a fair amount of destruction, mutilation, and death. The Cuylers are essentially given a free rein and protected from the consequences of their actions whenever possible by their friend, the Sheriff (whose name is "Sharif"), as they are said to be the last, twisted remnants of a federally protected endangered species, the "Appalachian Mud Squid". They live in the southern Appalachian Mountains located in northern Georgia. At the epi­cen­ter of this rural par­adise is Dou­gal County, home to crip­pling gam­bling addic­tions, a mur­der­ous cor­po­ra­tion, sex­ual deviants, and the authen­tic south­ern mountain squid.
Production.
"Squidbillies" is produced by Williams Street Studios, it is written by Dave Willis, co-creator of "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", and Jim Fortier, previously of "The Brak Show", both of whom worked on the Adult Swim series "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". The animation is done by Awesome Incorporated, with background design by Ben Prisk. 
Merchandise.
A free download 35 track soundtrack was made available on the Adult Swim website in January 2012 entitled "The Squidbillies Present: Music for Americans Only Made by Americans in China for Americans Only God Bless America, U.S.A."

</doc>
<doc id="2900267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900267" title="Concierto Andaluz">
Concierto Andaluz

The Concierto Andaluz (Spanish: "Andalusian concerto") is a 1967 work by the Spanish composer Joaquín Rodrigo for four guitars and orchestra. The piece has three movements, each having a blend of impressionistic Spanish guitar music with that of baroque influence. It was commissioned by Spanish guitarist Celedonio Romero and first performed by Los Romeros and the San Antonio Symphony Orchestra conducted by Victor Alessandro in San Antonio, Texas, USA on 18 November, 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="2900272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900272" title="Christian Hejnal">
Christian Hejnal

Christian Hejnal – Addams (born June 3, 1969) is an American visual effects producer and the guitarist and occasional vocalist of the Los Angeles-based rock band Scarling.
Musical career.
In the early 1990s, he played in bands such as Candyhateful (previously known as the Brats) and The Drummed. Candyhateful's song ""Stay Down"" was featured in the 2000 film adaptation of Anne Rice's """Queen of the Damned"","
In 2001 Hejnal began work on a solo album. He invited singer Jessicka, whom he had met some months before at a Los Angeles club through mutual friend Lisa Leveridge, to perform vocals on a track he had written; they began recording and rehearsing together and eventually recruited the musicians who would form Scarling. in 2002.
In the autumn of 2004, after releasing their first album Sweet Heart Dealer, Scarling. was invited to join the lineup of the Robert Smith-curated Curiosa Festival, performing on select West Coast dates alongside Interpol, The Rapture, Mogwai, and he and Jessicka's long-time favorite, The Cure. Smith described the band's music as "dark, desperate, chaotic, gorgeous pop music, the sound of the end of the world" and ""Sweet Heart Dealer"" was nominated for the 2004 Shortlist Music Prize.
After a series of 7" singles on Sympathy, Scarling. announced in early 2005 that their second album, "So Long, Scarecrow", would appear later that year; it was preceded by the single "We Are The Music Makers" and was released on August 23, 2005. Scarecrow was co-produced by Rob Campanella and received several favorable reviews.
In 2006 Hejnal continued to tour in the US and Europe with Scarling. Along the way, touring with such bands as UK shoegaze outfit Amusement Parks on Fire and opening for The Wedding Present and Depeche Mode. Scarling. are currently working on their new album.
Film career.
In addition to his work with Scarling, since 1999, Hejnal has worked for Sony Pictures Imageworks, starting out as a production assistant on "The Ninth Gate" and "Hollow Man". In 2000 he became a visual effects coordinator on the film "Charlie's Angels", and completed work as the visual effects plate coordinator on "Spider-Man", and as a Digital Production Manager for the films "Spider-Man 2", "Darkness Falls" and "The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio" which stars Julianne Moore and Woody Harrelson. Currently, he is working as a digital effects film producer and is credited as such on the films "Grandma's Boy", the Adam Sandler film "Click", "Spider-Man 3", "Hancock". Tim Burton's 'Alice in Wonderland', 2011's The Green Hornet, Here Comes the Boom, Oz the Great and Powerful and 22 Jump Street.
Personal life.
On February 14, 2006, (Valentine's Day) while on a break from touring, he and Jessicka were engaged. Their wedding took place on October 13, 2007 at the Oviatt Penthouse in Los Angeles and was attended by numerous celebrities. The couple took Addams as their new surname.

</doc>
<doc id="2900275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900275" title="Net*One">
Net*One

Net*One was the first cellular network operator in Zimbabwe based on the Global System for Mobile Communications. The company was originally launched during the World Solar Summit in September 1996 in the capital Harare with 2000 lines. Service was extended to the second city of Bulawayo at the time of the International Trade Fair in April 1997.
Net*One is the third largest cellular company in Zimbabwe and has over 200,000 subscribers. It provides coverage to all major towns and cities, all small towns, and tourist resorts.

</doc>
<doc id="2900276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900276" title="Imbert de Batarnay">
Imbert de Batarnay

Imbert de Batarnay, Seigneur du Bouchage (1438? – 1523), French statesman, was born of an old but obscure family in Dauphiné, about the year 1438. In consequence of a chance circumstance he entered into relations with the dauphin Louis at that time (1455) in arms against the king his father; he attached himself to the prince, and followed him on his retreat into Burgundy.
From the beginning of his reign Louis XI loaded Batarnay with favors: he married him to a rich heiress, Georgette de Montchenu, lady of Le Bouchage; besides making him captain of Mont Saint-Michel and giving him valuable estates, with, later, the titles of counsellor and chamberlain to the king.
In 1469 Batarnay was sent to keep watch upon the duke of Guienne's intrigues, which began to appear dangerous. As lieutenant-general in Roussillon in 1475 he protected the countryside against the wrath of the king, who wished to repress with cruel severity a rebellion of the inhabitants. He was present at the interview between Louis XI and Edward IV of England at Picquigny, and was afterwards employed on negotiations with the duke of Burgundy.
In accordance with the recommendations of his father, Charles VIII kept the lord of Le Bouchage in his confidential service. During the differences that arose in 1485 between the regent, Anne of Beaujeu, and the dukes of Orléans, Brittany and Alençon, Imbert de Batarnay kept the inhabitants of Orléans faithful to the king. He proved his skill in the negotiations concerning the marquisate of Saluzzo and the town of Genoa.
During the Naples expedition he was in charge of the dauphin, Charles Orland, who died in 1495. He treated with Maximilian of Austria to prevent him from entering Picardy during the war with Naples, and then proceeded to Castile to claim promised support. Under Louis XII he took part in the expedition against the Genoese republic in 1507. Francis I employed him to negotiate the proposed marriage of Charles of Austria with Rene of France, daughter Of Louis XII, and appointed him governor to the dauphin Francis, in 1518. He died on 12 May 1523.

</doc>
<doc id="2900277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900277" title="Popular Democrats (Sweden)">
Popular Democrats (Sweden)

Popular Democrats () is a small political party in Sweden. It was founded in 1991 by a group dissatisfied with the right wing turn of the Swedish Social Democratic Party. The party opposes EU membership. It is unclear whether the party is still active, but it is still registered with the electoral authorities.
The party is led by John Andersson in Ronneby.
The party has contested the elections to the national parliament (2002: 12 votes, 1998: 109 votes, 1994: 1 vote). In 1998 it contested municipal elections in Fagersta 0.22% (18 votes, 0 seats), Arvika 0.18% (28 votes, 0 seats), Ronneby 0.17% (32 votes, 0 seats) and Uppsala 0.01% (12 votes, 0 seats).
Members of "Folkdemokraterna" used to have contacts with the Swedish affiliate of the Lambertist ILCWI.

</doc>
<doc id="2900280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900280" title="Ripon College">
Ripon College

Ripon College can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2900305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900305" title="Bingel reaction">
Bingel reaction

The Bingel reaction in fullerene chemistry is a fullerene cyclopropanation reaction to a methanofullerene first discovered by C. Bingel in 1993 with the bromo derivative of diethyl malonate in the presence of a base such as sodium hydride or DBU. The preferred double bonds for this reaction on the fullerene surface are the shorter bonds at the junctions of two hexagons (6-6 bonds) and the driving force is relief of steric strain. 
The reaction is of importance in the field of chemistry because it allows the introduction of useful extensions to the fullerene sphere. These extensions alter their properties, for instance solubility and electrochemical behavior, and therefore widen the range of potential technical applications.
Reaction mechanism.
The reaction mechanism for this reaction is as follows: a base abstracts the acidic malonate proton generating a carbanion or enolate which reacts with the electron deficient fullerene double bond in a nucleophilic addition. This in turn generates a carbanion which displaces bromine in a nucleophilic aliphatic substitution in an intramolecular ring cyclopropane ring closure.
Scope.
The Bingel reaction is a popular method in fullerene chemistry. The malonate (functionalized with the halide atom) is often obtained in situ in a mixture of base and tetrachloromethane or iodine. The reaction is also known to take place with the ester groups replaced by alkyne groups in dialkynylmethanofullerenes.
An alternative to the Bingel reaction is a fullerene diazomethane reaction. N-(Diphenylmethylene)glycinate Esters in a Bingel reaction take a different conjugate course and react to a fullerene dihydropyrrole.
Retro-Bingel reaction.
Protocols exist for the removal of the methano group based, on electrolytic reduction or amalgamated magnesium 

</doc>
<doc id="2900319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900319" title="Arrows (TV series)">
Arrows (TV series)

Arrows was a pop television series aimed at the teen market, which aired in 1976 and 1977 in the UK.
The show was produced by British TV legend Muriel Young, and ran for two full 14 week series on the ITV network, produced by Granada Television.
The show format was that the band would perform their own songs, and would introduce the guest artists. There was also a pop dance troupe called Him and Us who were regulars on the series. Arrows consisted of (lead singer) Alan Merrill, (guitarist) Jake Hooker and (drummer) Paul Varley.
Guests on "Arrows" included such artists as Marc Bolan, The Bay City Rollers, The Drifters, Gilbert O'Sullivan, Peter Noone, Alvin Stardust, Gene Pitney, Slade, Pilot, Billy J. Kramer, The Real Thing, and many more.
The band Arrows were very popular in the teen print media in the mid-1970s, appearing in interviews and as pin-ups in all the glossy fan magazines of the day. They even had their own weekly cartoon strip which ran in Music Star magazine. A book was written about the band by Bill Harry in 1976.
The band.
Historically, Arrows are now best known for writing, recording, and releasing the first version of the song "I Love Rock 'N Roll" in 1975, a year before the band had their TV series. The song served the band well. Arrows' performance of the song so impressed television producer Muriel Young when they did her show "45" in 1975 she decided to give the band their own weekly TV series on that day. The song is now an international rock classic, recorded by many well-known artists, including Joan Jett and Britney Spears.
Synopsis.
Arrows are the only band in pop music history to have a weekly TV series of their own and no records released. Although they had hit singles before their series, the band released no recordings during the entire run of the shows. This unusual situation was due to a legal wrangle with their record label. Their last single release was two months before the first broadcast of "Arrows".
There were 28 episodes in total. With repeats, that is 56 airings of the show.
"Arrows" was broadcast across the entire ITV network, including all of England, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Gibraltar, Hong Kong, and more, for both series.
During the second series the band added a fourth member, guitarist Terry Taylor, formerly a member of the band Tucky Buzzard. Taylor was introduced to Arrows by The Rolling Stones' bass player Bill Wyman in January 1976. Terry Taylor is currently the musical director and a guitarist in Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings band.
Aftermath.
As a result of their business complications, Arrows broke up in frustration in 1978, with the original Arrows Alan Merrill, Jake Hooker and Paul Varley all going their separate ways. In 1978 Merrill went on to the Island Records band Runner, Varley to the Charisma Records band Darling, and Hooker married Lorna Luft, retiring as a performer and becoming his wife's manager.
The Arrows Show producer, UK television legend Muriel Young, died in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2900325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900325" title="GER Class S69">
GER Class S69

Great Eastern Railway (GER) Class S69, also known as 1500 Class, and later classified B12 by the LNER is a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotive designed to haul express passenger trains from London Liverpool Street station along the Great Eastern Main Line. Originally they were designed by S. D. Holden, but were much rebuilt, resulting in several subclasses.
Seventy-one S69 locomotives were built by the GER between 1911 and 1921 and numbered 1500–1570. A further 10 locomotives were built by Beyer, Peacock & Co for the LNER in 1928 and numbered 8571-8580. From 1948 the British Railways numbers were 61500–61580 (with gaps).
Background.
At the time of their introduction, the "Claud Hamilton" 4-4-0s were becoming outclassed on the heaviest express. Although an enlarged 4-4-0 design was mooted, it was realised that any such design would have too high an axle load for the tracks of the Great Eastern Railway, which had a relatively low restriction. Another design constraint was the short turntables used at the time. This meant that a 4-6-0 design was decided upon, although the design was relatively short compared to similar designs introduced at the same time.
Sub-classes.
The poppet valves were not a great success and all the B12/2s were converted to piston valve engines between 1931 and 1934.
Preservation.
One B12/3, LNER number 8572 (BR 61572), has survived to preservation on the North Norfolk Railway, the only British inside cylinder 4-6-0 to be preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="2900333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900333" title="Walker (BEAM)">
Walker (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a walker is a walking machine that has a driven mode of locomotion by intermittent ground-contacting legs. They usually possess 1 to 12 (generally, three or less) motors. "Muscle wired" walkers utilizes Nitinol (nickel - titanium alloy) for its actuators. 
BEAM walking robots contain Nv networks, which consist of NV neurons each of which is a very simple oscillator setup. The most common form of BEAM walker is the "master slave Bicore", which uses two suspended Bicore arrangements.
A BEAM walker does not use a processor, nor is it programmed in any way—it walks and responds to terrain via resistive input from its motors. This is an extremely clever method for creating locomotion.

</doc>
<doc id="2900337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900337" title="ShadowCaster">
ShadowCaster

ShadowCaster is a first-person/role-playing video game from 1993 developed by Raven Software. It was released by Origin Systems after Electronic Arts acquired them. A CD-ROM version was released in 1994, featuring two additional levels with new monsters, and replacing text boxes with FMVs and spoken narration through CD-DA audio tracks.
The player takes the role of Kirt, a human with powers of shapeshifting. Among other forms, Kirt can become a huge cat-like animal, a floating tentacle-wielding gazer, and a dragon. In the beginning of the game Kirt finds out that he is not in fact human, but comes from a parallel world where there was a war raging between shapeshifters for centuries. Kirt, and his grandfather, are the last of their kind, and now the evil ones have found them. Kirt's grandfather opens a portal back to the homeworld, and that is where the story begins. Kirt's mission is to stop the demons once and for all, but first he will need to awaken his innate shapeshifting powers, which is where the obelisks come into play. Going up to one of these and touching it will unlock a new form, and the first is the cat form.
The main character of Kirt was based on the name of the game's software developer, Kurt Schallitz, and included his brown leather jacket. The face of Kirt is actually that of Raven Software's owner, Brian Raffel.
Forms.
Kirt - The default character. All abilities are weak, but has some fighting skill and is the only form in which magic rejuvenates. Health also rejuvenates but slower than magic does.
Maorin - The first form the character collects, and the most useful early in the game. Maorin is a large four-armed cat like creature with superior fighting skills and the ability to see things invisible to others. It drowns quickly however.
Caun - A leprechaun like creature who is a poor fighter, but can heal quickly, jump over obstacles, fit in smaller spaces and unleash a swarm of insects (needed to unlock a particular door). Also has a shield spell and a light spell, and can magically reach out and take objects which are far away.
Opsis - A hovering eye with tentacles that can use spells effectively, such as fireballs and cold blasts. Moves very slowly in the air.
Kahpa - A decent fighter that can breathe underwater. Has a sonic and an electrical attack. Both are supposed to be extra powerful in water.
Ssair - A hovering dragon with no legs with better attack (but weaker defense) than the Maorin. Can breathe fire and use its tail as a weapon. Very fast flier, and real Ssair, who are normally hostile, will ignore Kirt when he is in the form of one.
Grost - A man made of stone that is an excellent fighter with strong defense that can also punch through certain walls. Can cause earthquakes and paralyse his foes with a mere touch.
Technology.
The "ShadowCaster" game engine, a successor of the "Wolfenstein 3D" engine and a predecessor of the "Doom" engine, was written by id Software's John Carmack and licensed to Raven Software. Carmack wrote the "ShadowCaster" 3D engine during his technology research after id Software completed "Wolfenstein 3D". The engine features diminished lighting, texture mapped floors and ceilings, walls with variable heights and sloped floors. The engine was "about half as fast as that of "Wolfenstein"" but fit the exploration of "ShadowCaster" rather than the fast paced action of "Doom".

</doc>
<doc id="2900338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900338" title="Mississippi Gulf Coast">
Mississippi Gulf Coast

The Mississippi Gulf Coast – also known as the Mississippi Gulf Coast region – has traditionally referred to the three Mississippi counties that lie on the Gulf of Mexico: Hancock County, Harrison County and Jackson County. 
The region was severely damaged by Hurricane Camille in 1969 and again by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Although the broad reference is to an entire region of the state, this phrase is most commonly used as a general replacement for the names of any or all towns that lie either directly on the coastline or along one of its bays, but not for towns in northern regions of the three coastal counties. The relevant towns include, from west to east, Waveland, Bay St. Louis, Diamondhead, Pass Christian, Long Beach, Gulfport, Biloxi, D'Iberville, Ocean Springs, Gautier, Pascagoula and Moss Point. 
In June 2003, the U. S. Census Bureau divided the Metropolitan Statistical Area for the Mississippi Gulf Coast—which previously had been the three coastal counties—into two MSA's that include two additional counties. Additionally, in the wake of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, there was considerable out-migration from the Mississippi Gulf Coast and also from New Orleans into more inland areas. Thus, in recent years, the Mississippi Gulf Coast region is generally considered to include the next tier of counties to the north: Pearl River County, Stone County and George County. 

</doc>
<doc id="2900343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900343" title="Leslie Mitchell (historian)">
Leslie Mitchell (historian)

Dr Leslie Mitchell MA, DPhil, FRHistS is a leading British authority on 18th century history.
Mitchell is an Emeritus Fellow of University College and a member of the History Faculty at the University of Oxford, England. He has been Dean of the college, appeared in the Univ Revue, and was editor of the University College Record, an annual publication for former members of the college. Mitchell is counted among a talented generation of post-war historians, including Maurice Keen, Alexander Murray and Henry Mayr-Harting.

</doc>
<doc id="2900359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900359" title="Roy Giles">
Roy Giles

Dr. Roy Giles is an academic and recognised expert on counter-terrorism, as well as a former colonel in the British Army.
During his Army career, Giles served with the British liaison mission to the Group of Soviet Forces in Germany commonly known as BRIXMIS. He later continued research into similar topics at the UK's Defence Evaluation and Research Agency (DERA).

</doc>
<doc id="2900365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900365" title="Dean Myerson">
Dean Myerson

Dean Myerson is a prominent member of the American Green Party.
He joined the Green Party in 1991 when he was living in Boulder, Colorado, and was active at the local level initially. He first attended a national gathering in 1995, and in 1997 was elected Secretary of the new Association of State Green Parties, a post which he held until December 1999. Myerson coordinated the Green Party’s 2000 National Nominating Convention in Denver where Ralph Nader was nominated.
Myerson worked on the national campaign staff for Ralph Nader's 2000 presidential bid for most of 2000, filling various roles, such as liaison to the Green Party, overseeing petition drives in Kansas and Wyoming, and later coordinating the campaign in eight inter-mountain and plains states surrounding Colorado.
In 2001, the new Green Party of the United States hired him to work on their application to the Federal Election Commission for national committee status, which was achieved in August 2001. In January 2002, Myerson moved from Boulder to Washington, DC, to open and manage the new GPUS office there, where he served as national Political Coordinator.
He left that position in September 2003 to take on the position of Executive Director of the Green Institute. Today Myerson serves as Executive Director of the Green Institute and Co- Director of the Green Institute’s GlobalPolicy360 project.
Myerson is one member of the seven-member committee elected by the National Committee of the Green Party of the United States who serves on the Green Senatorial Campaign Committee (GSCC). He serves as the committees nonvoting treasurer. 
Myerson also was a member of the Boulder Green Alliance and the Green Party of Colorado during the 1990s, and served various roles with the Greens there, including state party co-chair and candidate for the statewide office of University Regent. He also served on the Environmental Advisory Board in Boulder.

</doc>
<doc id="2900367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900367" title="Exile (Geoffrey Oryema album)">
Exile (Geoffrey Oryema album)

Exile is Ugandan artist Geoffrey Oryema's debut album. It was produced by Brian Eno at Real World Studios and released in 1990.
"Exile" designates Oryema himself who had to escape his country after his father was assassinated in 1977, during the rule of Idi Amin. Many of the songs contain nostalgia about the land and the people Oryema had to leave. Peter Gabriel provides backing vocals for tracks 2 and 4. David Bottrill was co-producer and played the percussion.

</doc>
<doc id="2900371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900371" title="South Tyneside College">
South Tyneside College

South Tyneside College is a large further education college in South Tyneside in North East England. Its main site is in the town of South Shields. The college offers part-time and full-time courses for young students and adults. It was formed in 1984 by the merger of Hebburn Technical College and the Marine and Technical College, the latter founded in 1861 by a trust created by Dr Thomas Winterbottom, a former surgeon-general in Sierra Leone. 
The college is still one of the largest merchant navy training colleges in the United Kingdom, and attracts students from as far afield as India and Africa. It offers courses in marine subjects marine education such as navigation, operations, mechanical and electrical engineering, communications, and catering. 
The Marine and Technical College was formerly based in Ocean Road, South Shields, in a purpose-built building opened in 1869. This is now a public house called Kirkpatricks. There is a marine simulation centre on the main Westoe Campus and college sites throughout South Shields, such as: the Marine Survival Centre on Wapping Road; the Radar Station next to Ocean Beach Pleasure Park and the St. Hilda's Centre on Coronation Street. The former planetarium was closed in 2008, despite much local objection, and the space now houses a multi-faith chaplaincy. The college also used to own a campus in Hebburn however this was closed in 2011 due to upkeep costs.
Sport.
The South Tyneside College Rugby Union Football Club currently plays in the Durham & Northumberland Three and in Cup competitions. The club has two senior sides. Its home pitch is on the College campus.

</doc>
<doc id="2900372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900372" title="Egoli Air">
Egoli Air

Egoli Air is an airline based in Johannesburg, South Africa. It operates charter flights both domestically and to destinations throughout Africa. Its main base is OR Tambo International Airport, Johannesburg.
History.
The airline was established in 1996 and started operations in June 1996. It was previously named Million Air Charter, but went into liquidation after failing to raise funds to pay off debt in March 2004. It resumed operations as Egoli Air. It is owned by G Clarke and C Talevi.
Fleet.
The Egoli Air fleet consists of the following aircraft (at March 2007):

</doc>
<doc id="2900374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900374" title="Animal crackers">
Animal crackers

Animal crackers are a snack of sweet crackers in animal shapes.
Animal Crackers may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2900380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900380" title="Green Institute">
Green Institute

The Green Institute is a national-level policy institute that is based on the values of the global Green political movement in the United States. 
Its Executive Director is Dean Myerson and its Board of Directors are David Cobb, Anita Rios, Audrey Thayer, Gloria Mattera, and Malik Rahim. Fellows include Jared Ball, Tom Baugh, Charlene Spretnak, and Frans Verhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="2900386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900386" title="Bruno Heller">
Bruno Heller

Bruno Heller (born 1960) is an English screenwriter and creator of the HBO television series "Rome" and CBS television series "The Mentalist". Son of Hollywood screenwriter Lukas Heller, he is brother to columnist and "Notes on a Scandal" author Zoë Heller. He is currently creating a TV series based on the Batman character James Gordon called "Gotham" for Fox Broadcasting Company.
Early life and family.
Heller's father, Lukas, was a German Jewish emigre and screenwriter ("Hush… Hush, Sweet Charlotte", "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?"). His mother, Caroline (née Carter), was an English Quaker and instrumental in keeping up the Labour Party's "Save London Transport Campaign". He has three siblings, including Zoë, a columnist and writer who has published three novels, including "Notes on a Scandal". 
Early career.
Heller graduated from the University of Sussex in Brighton. He was a union soundman working in England in the 1980s when film sets were staunchly hierarchical. While working as a soundman on a series of films about England's infamous Miners' Strike, Heller met well-regarded Portuguese director Eduardo Guedes. The two teamed up on what would become Heller's first writing credit, the 1994 film "Pax" starring Amanda Plummer. (“Pax" is the acronym for the Portuguese epitaph on gravestones.)
Career.
He left England for New York, where he would meet his wife, Miranda, at a disco. After five years in the city, Heller moved to Los Angeles, where he got work on various television dramas including two projects for the USA Network: "Touching Evil" and "The Huntress". But his breakthrough came with "Rome", which he co-created. After the cancellation of that series for its high costs, Heller created "The Mentalist". In September 2012, it was reported that Heller sold a legal drama named "The Advocates" to CBS, which was written and executive produced by him, but the project finally got a pass in May 2013. He is currently creating a TV series based on the Batman character James Gordon called Gotham for Fox Broadcasting Company.
"Rome".
He is probably most known for his work on the television series "Rome", co-produced by HBO and the BBC, which Heller created along with John Milius and William J. MacDonald. In addition to creating the series, Heller was also an executive producer and head writer, penning a total of 11 episodes for the series, including the pilot episode and the series finale.
The series primarily chronicles the lives and deeds of the rich, powerful, and "historically significant", yet it also focuses on the lives, fortunes, families, and acquaintances of two common men: Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo, two Roman soldiers mentioned historically in Caesar's "Commentarii de Bello Gallico". The fictionalised Vorenus and Pullo manage to witness and often influence many of the historical events presented in the series.
"Rome" episodes written by Heller.
Season 1
Season 2
"The Mentalist".
In 2008, Heller created the hit CBS television series, "The Mentalist", with his production company Primrose Hill Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television. On 7 January 2009, the show won the award for "Favorite New TV Drama" at the 35th People's Choice Awards and since then, the star, Simon Baker has received several nominations for his portrayal of the lead character, Patrick Jane. He has acted as the series' showrunner from season 1 to season 6. As of season 7, he departed the show to focus on his new show, Gotham.
"The Mentalist" follows Patrick Jane, an independent consultant for the California Bureau of Investigation (CBI) based in Sacramento, California. He has a remarkable track record for solving serious crimes by using his amazing skills of observation. Jane also makes frequent use of his mentalist abilities and his semi-celebrity past as a psychic medium using paranormal abilities he now admits he feigned. He abandoned his pretense out of remorse when his attention-seeking behaviour attracted the attention of a serial killer named Red John who killed his wife and daughter.
"The Mentalist" episodes written by Heller.
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Season 4
Season 5
Season 6
"Gotham".
In 2013, Fox won a bidding war for a pilot set in Gotham written by Heller. 
As originally conceived, the series serves as a straightforward story of Gordon's early days on the Gotham City Police force. The show doesn't include only the Bruce Wayne character, but will also tell the origin stories of several Batman villains, including the Penguin, the Riddler, Catwoman, Two-Face, the Joker, Poison Ivy and Scarecrow. The first season will consist of sixteen episodes.
The show is scheduled to premiere in the 2014–15 television season.
"Gotham" episodes written by Heller.
Season 1
Personal life.
In 1993, he married Miranda Phillips Cowley, a senior vice president at HBO; the couple has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="2900387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900387" title="The First Man">
The First Man

The First Man (French title: Le Premier homme) is Albert Camus' unfinished final novel.
On January 4, 1960, at the age of forty-six, Camus was killed in a car accident in the Luberon area in southern France. The incomplete manuscript of "The First Man", the autobiographical novel Camus was working on at the time of his death, was found in the mud at the accident site. Camus' daughter, Catherine Camus, later transcribed the handwritten manuscript to type press, and published the book in 1994. Camus hoped that it would be his masterpiece and some critics agreed with his view, even in its unfinished state - largely citing the physical intensity and uninhibited psychology of boyhood as removed from the reservedness of Camus' other novels.
Plot summary.
The novel takes Jacques Cormery from birth to his years in the lycee, or secondary school, in Algiers. In a departure from the intellectual and philosophical weight of his earlier works, Camus wanted this novel to be "heavy with things and flesh." It is a novel of basic and essential things: childhood, schooldays, the life of the body, the power of the sun and the sea, the painful love of a son for his mother, the search for a lost father. But it is also about the history of a colonial people in a vast and not always hospitable African landscape; about the complex relationship of a "mother" country to its colonists; about the intimate effects of war and political revolution.
Film adaptation.
A film adaptation of the novel, directed by Gianni Amelio and starring Jacques Gamblin, was released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2900392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900392" title="Beaver Brook (New Jersey)">
Beaver Brook (New Jersey)

Beaver Brook is a tributary of the Pequest River in western New Jersey in the United States.
Beaver Brook originates near Blairstown and terminates at its confluence with the Pequest River near Belvidere.

</doc>
<doc id="2900393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900393" title="William Henry Trescot">
William Henry Trescot

William Henry Trescot (November 10, 1822 – May 4, 1898) was an American diplomatist born in Charleston, South Carolina, on the November 10, 1822. He graduated at College of Charleston in 1840, studied law at Harvard University, and was admitted to the bar in 1843. 
From 1852 to 1854 he was secretary of the U.S. legation in London. In June 1860 he was appointed assistant secretary of state, and he was acting secretary of state in June–October, during General Lewis Cass's absence from Washington, and for a few days in December after Cass's resignation. His position was important, as the only South Carolinian holding anything like official rank, because of his intimacy with President James Buchanan, and his close relations with the secession leaders in South Carolina. 
He opposed the reinforcement of Fort Sumter, used his influence to prevent any attack on the fort by South Carolina before the meeting of the state's convention called to consider the question of secession, and became the special agent of South Carolina in Washington after his resignation from his position as United States Assistant Secretary of State in December. He returned to Charleston in February 1861; was a member of the state legislature in 1862-1866, and served as colonel on the staff of General Roswell S. Ripley during the Civil War; and later returned to Washington. 
He was counsel for the United States before the Halifax Fisheries Commission in 1877; was commissioner for the revision of the treaty with China in 1880; was minister to Chile in 1881-1882; in 1882 with General Ulysses S. Grant negotiated a commercial treaty with Mexico; and in 1889-1890 was a delegate to the Pan-American Congress in Washington. He died at Pendleton, South Carolina, his country place, on 4 May 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="2900394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900394" title="Animal cracker">
Animal cracker

Animal cracker refers to a particular type of small cracker or cookie baked in the shape of an animal, usually an animal one might see at a zoo or circus, such as a lion, tiger, bear, or elephant. The most common variety is light-colored and slightly sweet, but darker chocolate-flavored and colorful frosted varieties are also sold. Although animal crackers are made with a layered dough like crackers, they are sweet like cookies.
There are other popular animal-shaped crackers and cookies, such as Teddy Grahams, Goldfish, Hello Panda and Koala's March. These differ from traditional animal crackers in flavor and assortment, and are not usually called animal crackers.
History.
In the late 19th century, animal-shaped cookies (or "biscuits" in British terminology) called "Animals" were imported from England to the United States. The demand for these crackers grew to the point that bakers began to produce them domestically. Stauffer's Biscuit Company produced their first batch of animal crackers sometime around the start of the 20th century in York, Pennsylvania. Other domestic bakeries, including the Dozier-Weyl Cracker Company of St. Louis and the Holmes and Coutts Company of New York City, were the predecessors of the National Biscuit Company, today's "Nabisco Brands".
Animal biscuit crackers were made and distributed under the National Biscuit Company banner. In 1902, animal crackers officially became known as "Barnum's Animals" and evoked the familiar circus theme of the Barnum and Bailey Circus. Later in 1902, the now-familiar box was designed for the Christmas season with the innovative idea of attaching a string to hang from the Christmas tree. Up until that time, crackers were generally only sold in bulk (the proverbial "cracker barrel") or in large tins. These small cartons, which retailed for five cents at the time of their release, were a big hit and are still sold today.
The number and variety contained in each box has varied over the years. In total, 54 different animals have been represented by animal crackers since 1902. In its current incarnation, each package contains 22 crackers consisting of a variety of animals. The most recent addition, the koala was added in September 2002 after being chosen by consumer votes, beating out the penguin, walrus and cobra.
In 1948, the company changed the product name to its current designation of "Barnum's Animal Crackers". Later, in 1958, production methods changed to improve the crackers' visual details. Until then animal shapes were stamped out of a dough sheet by a cutter. This produced outlines with little sophistication. By installing rotary dies, bakers can actually engrave details onto each cracker, creating a much more intricate design. The rotary dies are still used today.
Barnum's Animal Crackers are all produced in the Fair Lawn, New Jersey Bakery by Nabisco Brands. More than 40 million packages of Barnum's Animal Crackers are sold each year, both in the United States and exported to 17 countries worldwide. The crackers are baked in a long traveling band oven. They are in the oven for about four minutes and are baked at the rate of 12,000 per minute. Fifteen thousand cartons and 300,000 crackers are produced in a single shift, using some thirty miles of string on the packages. This runs to nearly of string a year. Those bright circus boxes are produced in three colors - red, blue and yellow - with different variety of animals on each.
Varieties.
In total there have been 37 different animals featured in Barnum's Animal Crackers since 1903. The current crackers are 
bear, bison, camel, cougar, elephant, giraffe, gorilla, hippopotamus, hyena, kangaroo, lion, monkey, rhinoceros, seal, sheep, tiger, and zebra. To celebrate its 100th anniversary, Barnum's added the koala to the menagerie in September 2002.
Austin Zoo Animal Crackers currently feature bear, camel, elephant, lion, monkey, owl, penguin, rabbit, ram, rhinoceros, turtle, and zebra.
Cadburys Animals are chocolate coated (although rather sparingly) and feature crocodile, elephant, hippo, monkey, lion, tiger, and toucan - all with nicknames and all rather the same shape. 
Stauffer's animal crackers include an American buffalo (or bison), bear, camel, cow, domestic cat, donkey, elephant, hippopotamus, horse, lion, mountain goat, rhinoceros, and tiger. They are made in plain (vanilla), chocolate graham, cinnamon graham, cotton candy, and iced flavors, as well as "breakfast cookies" made with oats, almonds, cranberries, and pomegranate.
Manufacturers.
Nabisco makes Barnum's Animal Crackers, arguably the most famous commercially produced version of the snack, due to the distinctive package art of a circus cage on wheels and full of animals. "Barnum" refers to the famous showman and circus entrepreneur P. T. Barnum. The product actually says "Barnum's Animals", subtitled "Crackers". At one time, the imprinted "wheels" bent around the bottom of the box and the box's bottom were perforated to allow the wheels to be opened up straight and thus stand the box on its "wheels".
Austin, a division of the Keebler Company, also makes a variety of animal crackers. Although not nearly as popular, the Austin variety has similar nutritional content and animal shapes. The Austin product is currently labeled under the name of the Kellogg Company, which acquired Keebler in 2001..
Stauffer Biscuit Company of York, Pennsylvania also has a line of animal crackers, which are now distributed by several major discount retailers. Their use of the spices nutmeg and mace give the basic animal cracker a slightly different character from the Nabisco crackers.
The Borden corporation also produced a brand of animal crackers, until some time in the late 1970s. They came in a red box, which featured the famous Elsie the Cow logo.
Market Square Food Company, Inc., located in Illinois, has also produced its own brand of animal crackers since 1982. Their animal crackers are distributed by several major retailers throughout the United States and Internationally.
In the UK, Cadburys produce a range simply called "Animals". As noted above, these biscuits (British usage) have a chocolate coating on one side.
In Germany, Bahlsen produces animal crackers under the "Leibniz Zoo" brand.
In popular culture.
'I'm Just Wild About Animal Crackers' was recorded by Irving Aaronson & His Commanders with Phil Saxe doing the vocal for VICTOR on June 23,1926.

</doc>
<doc id="2900407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900407" title="Flier (BEAM)">
Flier (BEAM)

In BEAM robotics, a flier is an aero-robot that functions in an atmospheric environment. They possess a driven mode of locomotion through and/or supported by the atmosphere. Fliers include various designs, but usually lie within a device class that can be delineated as aircraft, which includes any vehicle designed to move through the air (aerodynes or aerostats). 
One idea for a solar powered blimp is to use the principle of the Solar balloon, and a standard photopopper circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="2900411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900411" title="Bradburn, Manitoba">
Bradburn, Manitoba

Bradburn is a ghost town in the Rural Municipality of Dufferin, Manitoba, Canada near the town of Carman. Founded in 1906, it was a stop on the Midland Railway, and the town died after the railway closed and the tracks were taken up, in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="2900413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900413" title="Chalabre">
Chalabre

Chalabre is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
It is the capital of the Kercorb is a relatively unspoilt "bastide" with shady streets and quiet alleyways.
The local industry died out around 70 years ago, although the buildings of many still remain.
The road to Lac de Montbel runs through Chalabre and this brings a steady stream of visitors.
The local land is rich and verdant with fruit growing a speciality. The rivers rarely run dry and the climate is more amenable than the dry weather as you approach the coast.
Personalities.
Jean Danjou, one of the most famous commanders of the French Foreign Legion, was born in Chalabre in 1828. He commanded the legionnaires at the celebrated Battle of Camarón.
A small plaque celebrates the birth of Joseph Raynaud in 1911. He went on to join the local Maquis in the Gers and was executed by the Germans on 7 July 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="2900418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900418" title="Toward a New Philosophy of Biology">
Toward a New Philosophy of Biology

"Toward a New Philosophy of Biology: Observations of an Evolutionist" (published by Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1988) is a book by Harvard evolutionary biologist Ernst Mayr.
A collection of 28 essays, five previously unpublished, grouped into ten categories—Philosophy, Natural Selection, Adaptation, Darwin, Diversity, Species, Speciation, Macroevolution, and Historical Perspective. The book, "Mayr" notes in the Forward, is an attempt "to strengthen the bridge between biology and philosophy, and point to the new direction in which a new philosophy of biology will move."

</doc>
<doc id="2900423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900423" title="Denesh Ramdin">
Denesh Ramdin

Denesh Ramdin (born 13 March 1985) is a West Indian cricketer of Indian descent from Trinidad. 
He is a right-handed batsman who generally occupies the position of wicket-keeper. Domestically, Ramdin has played for Trinidad and Tobago since 2004. 
In July 2005 Ramdin made both his Test and One Day International debut against Sri Lanka and India respectively. He holds the record for highest score by a West Indies wicket-keeper in ODIs with 128 as well as the second-highest in Tests with 166.
In 2010 Ramdin was dropped from the team and his central contract was not renewed. He was recalled to the ODI team in 2011 and the Test team in 2012. Ramdin was appointed Trinidad and Tobago's captain in November 2011.
In May 2014, he was rewarded with the Test captaincy as West Indies decided to replace Darren Sammy.
Career.
Ramdin began playing cricket as a fast bowler but took up wicket-keeping because he was bored when not bowling. According to Ramdin he did not receive much coaching early in his career, though did have sessions with David Williams and Jeff Dujon in which he worked on his wicket-keeping. He has captained both the West Indies' and Trinidad's Under-19 teams.
When the West Indies toured Sri Lanka in July and August 2005, the 19-year-old Ramdin was the only wicket-keeper in the 15-man squad, taking over from the incumbent Courtney Browne. Brown did not play international cricket after he was replaced by Ramdin and retired later that year at the age of 34. At the time of his selection, Ramdin had played in just first-class games of experience with three scores above fifty including one century. On Test debut Ramdin scored 56 runs before he was bowled by Gayan Wijekoon who was also playing his first Test. The West Indies embarked on the tour with only three of their first choice players (aside from captain Shivnarine Chanderpaul the rest of the West Indies players had just one Test century between them) because of a dispute over sponsorship and as expected lost both Tests. The Indian Oil Cup 2005 with Sri Lanka and India followed the Tests and Ramdin played his first ODIs in the tournament.
The West Indies toured Australia in October and November 2005. Australia, rebuilding after losing the Ashes earlier that year, won all three Tests. The West Indies did not register a century partnership until the fourth innings of the series when Ramdin, who scored 71, combined with Dwayne Bravo in just his seventh Test. In his five other innings in the series Ramdin managed a total of 100 runs, finishing with an average of 34.20 and scoring more runs in the series that his Australian counterpart Adam Gilchrist. During the series he received advice from Gilchrist and former Australian Test 'keeper Ian Healy regarding his batting and keeping. The West Indies next engagement was against New Zealand in February and March 2006. Of the nine international matches on the tour – three Tests, five ODIs, and a Twenty20 International – the West Indies won a single ODI and drew one Test, while New Zealand won the rest. Ramdin managed just 33 runs in the Tests, and 92 runs in the ODIs However such was Ramdin's importance to the side that he was one of seven players the West Indies Cricket Board were considering to take over as captain when Shivnarine Chanderpaul resigned from the position in April.
At this time Ramdin was competed to be first-choice wicket-keeper spot to Carlton Baugh in ODIs. Ultimately, only Ramdin was selected for the 2007 World Cup. However, Ramdin went on to cement his place as the West Indies wicket keeper in all forms of the game and was the vice-captain at one point, following the resignation from that position of Ramnaresh Sarwan. Ramdin scored his maiden Test century against England in the fourth Test at Barbados in 2009, going on to score 166 in a drawn match. He hit two centuries in the 2009–10 Regional Four Day Competition in the West Indies, at an average of 113.33, amassing 340 runs in 6 innings.
When South Africa toured in May and June 2010 Ramdin managed 63 runs in the three-Test series and 34 runs from five ODIs. The run of poor form meant Ramdin's central contract with the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) was not renewed in August 2010. After a 2010/11 season in which Ramdin scored 460 runs in the Regional Four Day Competition, he was recalled to the team for the ODI series against India. When the WICB announced its list of centrally contracted players in October 2011 Ramdin was not included. In November 2011 Trinidad and Tobago named Ramdin as their captain, replacing Darren Ganga. Under his leadership, Trinidad & Tobago won the Caribbean Twenty20 held in January 2012. Ramdin followed this up by finishing as his team's leading run-scorer in the 2011–12 Regional Four Day Competition. When the West Indies toured India in November and December Ramdin was the first-choice wicket-keeper for the ODI leg and played in all five matches. He managed 164 runs in the series, 96 of which came in a 153-run loss to India in the fourth ODI. The innings was the highest score by a West Indies 'keeper in ODIs. The West Indies lost the five-match series 4–1
A broken right thumb sustained in March forced him to miss the ODI series against Australia that month. After recovering from the injury Ramdin was recalled to the Test squad to tour England in May and July, replacing Baugh who had not contributed as many runs as the selectors hoped. Playing his first Tests since 2010 he set himself a target of scoring three half-centuries in the three-Test series. West Indies lost the first two matches and Ramdin made scores of 6, 43, 1 and 6,•</ref> prompting former player Viv Richards to remark "Ramdin just looks out of sorts. When he first came into the game I felt he was a huge prospect. For some reason he has deteriorated in such a big way. Just the way he is walking back, he looks like a totally lost guy." In the final Test of the series Ramdin struck his second Test century, managing 107 not out. At the fall of the ninth wicket Ramdin was joined by Tino Best and the pair built a 143-run partnership, the highest stand for the tenth wicket by the West Indies and the third highest in Test history. On reaching his century, Ramdin produced a piece of paper from his pocket on which he had written a message for Richards the night before. The message read "Yeah Viv Talk Nah". The ICC fined Ramdin 20% of his match fee for "conduct contrary to the spirit of the game".
In the 2013 ICC Champions Trophy, Ramdin claimed a catch from batsman Misbah-ul-Haq. However television replays showed that the ball was not caught, and the matter was referred to the match referee. Ramdin was fined his full match fee and suspended for two matches.
In July 2013, Ramdin was dropped from West Indian squad for the first two ODIs against Pakistan in Guyana. Ramdin has hit only one half-century since his recall to the West Indies one-day side in October 2011 and has been dropped in several recent matches both during the Champions Trophy and the home tri-series which also featured India and Sri Lanka. In Ramdin's absence West Indies used opener Johnson Charles behind the stumps, and haven't picked any specialist wicketkeeper in the squad.
In December 2013, Ramdin scored century was only the 11th by a West Indies wicketkeeper in away Tests. Ramdin has scored three centuries in away Tests, equalling Clyde Walcott's record for most overseas hundreds by a West Indies wicketkeeper. The hundred in Hamilton is also Ramdin's fourth Test ton and he is one century away from equalling Jeff Dujonfor the record of most hundredsby a West Indies wicketkeeper.
His 200-run partnership with Shivnarine Chanderpaul was only the eighth double-century partnership for the sixth wicket by West Indies batsmen. Ramdin and Chanderpaul came together with the West Indies score at 86 for 5 - the lowest score at which a West Indies pair, where the batsmen added 200 or more runs for the sixth or lower wickets, had begun the partnership.
In March 2014, Ramdin was ruing West Indies’ series loss to England despite his record maiden hundred in the third and final One-Day International. Ramdin scored a superb 128, the first hundred by a West Indies wicket-keeper in one-day cricket but watched as the regional side fell short by 25 runs, to concede the series 2-1.
In March 2014, Ramdin affected four stumpings in Pakistan's innings at Mirpur equalling the record for the most stumpings in a T20 international. Kamran Akmal also had affected four stumpings in a match against Netherlands in the 2009 World T20.
Captaincy.
In May 2014, Ramdin was named captain of the Test side and took over from Darren Sammy who remained the T20 captain. This means West Indies have three separate captains for all three formats with Dwyane Bravo in ODIs.
Ramdin's first assignment was the home series against New Zealand which begins on June 8, 2014. He has led the national side in three T20s and an ODI. 
His experience with Trinidad and Tobago is more extensive with 37 matches at the helm across formats. He has 21 wins under his belt and took T&T to the semi-final of the Regional Four Day Competition in 2013/14 season.
Playing style.
Ramdin and Carlton Baugh have been the two main contenders for the wicket-keeping position in the national side since 2005. While Ramdin's innings of 166 against England in 2009 is the second-highest score by a West Indian 'keeper in Tests, neither Ramdin nor Baugh have scored enough runs to secure the position. Between 1960 and 2012 West Indian wicket-keepers averaged 24.68 runs per Test innings, and only Bangladesh has a worse average. Between May 2007 and May 2012, West Indian wicket-keepers scored 1,332 runs from 45 Tests; the batting average of 18.76 is the lowest amongst all ten Test teams in this period, nearly 10 runs behind the next lowest.

</doc>
<doc id="2900427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900427" title="Ring King">
Ring King

Ring King, known in the PAL regions as King of Boxer, and known in Japan as , is an arcade boxing game originally developed and published by Woodplace, Inc. in the PAL regions in , and later published by Data East in North America the same year.
Gameplay.
The game continues the series' theme of comical sports as the player takes the role of a boxer who makes his way from his debut to become a world champion. Ring King, though perhaps unintentionally, is standard of the boxing creations of its era, via providing quirky monikers for opponents the player encounters; in its arcade release, these number eight (8): Violence Jo (ironically, this entry level fighter is the champion, in the NES version), Brown Pants, White Wolf, Bomba Vern, Beat Brown, Blue Warker (reigning champion, in the arcade version), Green Hante and Onetta Yank. Assuming the player wins the championship, arcade play continues cycling through only the last of the afore-listed three (Blue Warker, Green Hante, Onetta Yank).
The player can choose from several different types of punches and defensive maneuvers, along with unique special attacks. The player revives their stamina during the round interval by pressing the button rapidly. The boxer's abilities are determined by three different stats; punch, stamina, and speed. The player can improve these stats using the power points gained after each match. Performing well in matches allows the player to create more powerful boxers. The player can save their game progress by recording a password, and two players can face off against each other in the two-player mode. Though the game is rudimentary, it is possible to counter-punch, and missing with too many punches causes the boxer's stamina to decrease.
Special attacks.
The biggest characteristic of the game is the comical set of special attacks. These moves are activated when the player presses the attack button at the right timing and at the right distance. The attacks have the capability to instantly knock out the opponent, but being countered before a special attack causes an extraordinary amount of damage as well. The first special attack is a powerful hook which the boxer throws by spinning around like a top. The second is a straight punch that propels the opponent into the ropes when it connects. The third type is an uppercut that launches the opponent straight into the air. If thrown at the right timing, the uppercut can blast the opponent straight out of the ring, resulting in a technical knockout.
Ports.
The game was later ported to the Nintendo Entertainment System (Famicom in Japan) in by Data East's arcade-to-NES converter, Sakata SAS, which was published by Data East in North America, and by Namco in Japan. This version was also released on the VS. UniSystem as "Vs. TKO Boxing". Sony later ported it to the MSX2 exclusively in Japan in . The Famicom and MSX2 versions were released as the third game of the "Family" sports game series, after "Family Stadium" and "Family Jocky" for the Famicom in Japan by Namco as . The game was later converted into an i-mode mobile phone application and released exclusively in January 2004 by Namco.
Controversy.
The NES/Famicom version of "Ring King"/"Family Boxing" created some controversy because the boxers' cornermen appear to be performing fellatio on them between rounds. Though the scene was only intended to show the cornermen placing the Foul Cup into the boxer's trunks, the graphical limitations of the NES made the scene appear questionable. The boxers may also appear to be hugging as they grapple because of the NES's limitations.

</doc>
<doc id="2900432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900432" title="Teutamus">
Teutamus

Teutamus (in Greek Tεύταμoς; lived 4th century BC) was a Macedonian officer, who, in 319 BC, shared with Antigenes the command of the select troops called the Argyraspids. Of the services by which he had earned this distinguished post we know nothing. When Eumenes, after escaping from Nora, joined the Argyraspids in Cilicia, Antigenes and Teutamus at first, in obedience to the orders of the regent Polyperchon and Olympias, placed themselves under his command but they secretly regarded him with jealousy, and Teutamus even listened to the overtures of Ptolemy, and would have joined in a plot against the life of Eumenes, had he not been dissuaded by his more prudent colleague.
But though they continued to follow the guidance of Eumenes, and with the troops under their command, bore an important part in his campaigns against Antigonus, they took every opportunity of displaying their envy and jealousy, which their general in vain tried to allay, by avoiding all appearance of the exercise of authority. During the winter campaign in Gabiene (316 BC) the two leaders of the Argyraspids were the prime movers of a plot for the destruction of Eumenes; and after the final action, Teutamus was the first to open negotiations with Antigonus for the recovery of the baggage of the Argyraspids by the betrayal of his rival into his hands. By this act of treachery he probably hoped to secure the favour of Antigonus, as well as to supplant his own colleague or leader, Antigenes; but we find no farther mention of his name, and it is probable that he was sent, with the greater part of the Argyraspids, to perish in Arachosia.

</doc>
<doc id="2900434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900434" title="United Socialists">
United Socialists

United Socialists (in Swedish: "Förenade Socialister") was a coalition in Gällivare, Sweden, formed on January 10, 1988 by the Workers Association of Malmberget (MAF), the Solidarity Party and the International Group. In practice it functioned as a front of the latter.
FS contested the 1988 municipal elections (with the ballot name 'Förenade Socialister-nybyggare'). It got 575 votes, and Lasse Karlsson and Kjell Hansson (both from MAF) got elected. FS also contested the County Council elections in Norrbotten, without winning any seat. In Gällivare it got 751 votes for their County Council list. Tomas Junkka of the Solidarity Party headed the list.
The Solidarity Party left FS in the fall of 1988, accusing other constituents of not respecting mutual agreements.
FS published "Nybyggaren". The group was disbanded in 1990, but the core of its constituents continued to work with the Workers List

</doc>
<doc id="2900435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900435" title="Tony Torcato">
Tony Torcato

Anthony Dale Torcato (born October 25, 1979 in Woodland, California) is a professional baseball player. At the young age of 14, Torcato was an amateur boxer, winning the 1994 California Golden Gloves boxing championship, and continued to box until the age of 16 before turning to baseball full time. He played in Major League Baseball with the San Francisco Giants from 2002-2005. He is currently with the Pittsburg Mettle of the Pacific Association of Professional Baseball Clubs.
MLB career.
Tony was drafted in the 1st round (19th overall) of the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft by the San Francisco Giants. He made his Major League Debut in July of 2002 and his last MLB appearance was in 2005

</doc>
<doc id="2900436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900436" title="Derek Humphry">
Derek Humphry

Derek Humphry (born 29 April 1930) is a British-born American journalist, author and principal founder in 1980 of the Hemlock Society USA and past president of the World Federation of Right to Die Societies, both of which support the notion of decriminalisation of voluntary euthanasia. He is the author of "Jean's Way" and the best-seller "Final Exit"; he is also the president of the Euthanasia Research & Guidance Organization and advisor to the Final Exit Network. He lives in Junction City, Oregon.
Early years.
Born to a British father and an Irish mother, he was raised in Somerset. His education was slender because of a broken home followed by World War II, when many English schools were in chaos, finally leaving at the age of 15, when he became a messenger boy for the "Yorkshire Post". In a 30-year journalistic career Humphry worked and wrote for the "Bristol Evening World", the "Manchester Evening News", the "Daily Mail", the "Sunday Times" and, lastly, the "Los Angeles Times". 
Personal life.
His first wife, Jean Humphry, ended her life on 29 March 1975, in The Cotswolds with her husband at her side, with an intentional overdose of medication; she was suffering from terminal breast cancer. He told that story from his perspective in the best-selling "Jean's Way". Derek and Jean Humphry had three sons, the youngest one an adoptee.
Humphry wrote the 1991 suicide handbook, "Final Exit". From 1993 onwards Humphry has been president of the Euthanasia Research & Guidance Organization (ERGO), and chairs the advisory board of the new Final Exit Network (formed 2004 to replace the Hemlock Society dissolved the previous year in mergers).
His marriage to his next wife, Ann Wickett, an American and a co-founder of the Hemlock Society, ended in 1989 when she filed for divorce; they had no children. Ann Wickett committed suicide, at the age of 49 on 2 October 1991, during a recurrence of depression and Borderline Personality Disorder. She had been battling breast cancer, but the cancer was in remission and she was not considered "terminally ill". In her suicide note, she claimed that Humphry was a "killer" and that his first wife, Jean, had died of suffocation. He denied these allegations as groundless.
In early 1991 Humphry married Gretchen Crocker, youngest daughter of an Oregon farming family.
Affiliations.
Humphry is an advisor to the World Federation of Right to Die Societies by virtue of his past presidency and in appreciation of his 26 years of involvement with that organisation. Since it was founded in 2004, Humphry has been an adviser to the Final Exit Network. After four members of the organisation were accused in Georgia of assisting a suicide he launched the Final Exit Liberty Fund.
Books and publications.
Humphry was newsletter editor for the World Federation of Right to Die Societies for a number of years.
As of 2014, the paperback "Final Exit" was in print in English, Spanish and Italian. It has sold more than one million copies in twelve languages. In April 2007 the editors and book critics of "USA Today" selected "Final Exit" as one of the most memorable 25 books of the last quarter century. In 2008 he completed his autobiography, "Good Life, Good Death: Memoir of an Investigative Reporter and Pro-choice Advocate".

</doc>
<doc id="2900437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900437" title="Les aventures de M. Colin-Tampon">
Les aventures de M. Colin-Tampon

Les Aventures de M. Colin-Tampon is a novel written by Jules Girardin. The 4th edition, published in 1896, was illustrated by R. Tinant.
First sentence.
M. Colin-Tampon avait cinquante ans; il était propriétaire d'une jolie villa sur le territoire de Courbevoie, et, par-dessus le marché, conseiller municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="2900440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900440" title="Joshua Reed Giddings">
Joshua Reed Giddings

Joshua Reed Giddings (October 6, 1795 – May 27, 1864) was an American attorney, politician and a prominent opponent of slavery. He represented Ohio in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1838-59. He was at first a member of the Whig Party and was later a Republican, helping found the party.
Giddings was censured in 1842 for violating the gag rule against discussing slavery in the House of Representatives when he proposed a number of Resolutions arguing against federal support for the coastwise slave trade, in relation to the "Creole" case. He quickly resigned, but was overwhelmingly re-elected by his Ohio constituents in a special election to fill the vacant seat. He returned to the House and served a total of nearly twenty more years as representative.
Early life and education.
Joshua Reed Giddings was born at Tioga Point, now Athens, Bradford County, Pennsylvania, on 6 October 1795. In 1806 his parents Elizabeth (née Pease) and Joshua Giddings moved the family to Ashtabula County, Ohio, which was then sparsely settled. Here they settled on Ohio's Western Reserve, where Giddings lived for most of the rest of his life. Many settlers from New England went there. As the Reserve was widely famous for its radicalism, Giddings may have been inspired in his first stirrings of passion for antislavery.
Giddings worked on his father's farm and, although he received no systematic education, devoted much time to study and reading. For several years after 1814 he was a schoolteacher. In the custom of the time, he would have "read the law" by working as an intern with an established firm to prepare for the bar.
Career.
In February 1821 Giddings was admitted to the bar in Ohio. He soon built up a large practice, particularly in criminal cases. From 1831 to 1837 he was in partnership with Benjamin Wade, a future U.S. Senator.
Political career.
Giddings was first elected to the Ohio House of Representatives, serving one term from 1826-1827.
The Panic of 1837, in which Giddings lost a great deal of money, caused him to cease practicing law. He ran for federal office and was elected to Congress. Consistently re-elected to office, from December 1838 until March 1859, he served as a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing first Ohio's 16th district until 1843, and then Ohio's 20th district until 1859. Giddings ran first as a Whig, then as a Free-soiler, next as a candidate of the Opposition Party, and finally as a Republican.
Giddings seized upon every opportunity to develop a public sentiment hostile to slavery. On February 9, 1841, he delivered a speech upon the Seminole War in Florida, insisting that it was waged in the interest of slavery.
In the Creole case of 1841, American slaves had revolted and forced the brig "Creole" into Nassau, where they gained freedom as Britain had abolished slavery in its territories in 1834. Southern slaveholders argued for the federal government to demand the return of the slaves or compensation.
Giddings emphasized that slavery was a state institution, with which the Federal government had no authority to interfere; he noted that slavery only existed by specific state enactments. For that reason, he contended that slavery in the District of Columbia and in the Territories was unlawful and should be abolished, as these were administered by the federal government. Similarly, he argued that the coastwise slave trade in vessels flying the national flag, like the international slave trade, should be rigidly suppressed as unconstitutional, as the states had no authority to extend slavery to ships on the high seas, and the federal government had no separate interest in it. He also held that Congress had no power to pass any act that in any way could be construed as a recognition of slavery as a national institution.
His statements in the Creole Case attracted particular attention, as he had violated the notorious gag rule barring antislavery petitions. Former President John Quincy Adams led a campaign in the House of Representatives to repeal the gag rule.
The United States government attempted to recover the slaves from the "Creole". Daniel Webster, then Secretary of State under President Martin Van Buren, asserted that as the slaves were on an American ship, they were under the jurisdiction of the U.S., and by US law they were property. Britain said they were free persons under its law.
On March 21, 1842, before the case was settled, Giddings introduced a series of resolutions in the House of Representatives. He asserted that in resuming their natural rights of personal liberty, the slaves violated no law of the U.S. He contended the US should not try to recover them, as it should not take the part of a state. For offering these resolutions, Giddings was attacked by numerous critics. The House formally censured him for violating the gag rule. He resigned, appealing to his constituents, who immediately reelected him by an overwhelming margin of 7,469 to 383 in the special election to fill his seat. With increasing anti-slavery agitation, the House repealed its "gag rule" three years later.
Giddings' daughter Lura Maria, an active Garrisonian, convinced her father to attend the meetings held by Garrison's followers, which heightened his anti-slavery position. William Lloyd Garrison was a spiritual as well as political leader. In the 1850s Giddings also adopted other progressive ideas, identifying with perfectionism, spiritualism, and religious radicalism. He claimed that his antislavery sentiments were based on a higher natural law, rather than just on the rights of the Constitution. Giddings called the caning of Senator Charles Sumner in the Senate by an opponent a crime "against the most vital principles of the Constitution, against the Government itself, against the sovereignty of Massachusetts, against the people of the United States, against Christianity and civilization." Many of these views were reflected in his noted "American Infidelity" speech of 1854.
Giddings often used violent language, and did not hesitate to encourage bloodshed. He talked about the justice of a slave insurrection and the duty of Northerners to fully support such an insurrection. He opposed the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 and advised escaping slaves to shoot at their potential captors.
Giddings led the Congressional opposition by Free State politicians to any further expansion of slavery to the West. Accordingly, he condemned the annexation of Texas (1846), the Mexican War (1846-8), the 1850 Compromises, and the Kansas Nebraska Act(1854), all of which contributed to expansion of slavery in the West. Following the war with Mexico, Giddings cast the only ballot against a resolution of thanks to US General Zachary Taylor.
With increasing political activism related to slavery, Giddings shifted from the Whig party to the "Free-Soil party" (1848). In 1854-5, he became one of the leading founders of the Republican party. Giddings campaigned for John C. Fremont and Abraham Lincoln, although Giddings and Lincoln disagreed over the uses of extremism in the anti-slavery movement. Before the Civil War, he helped support the Underground Railroad to help fugitive slaves reach freedom. He was widely known (and condemned by some) for his egalitarian racial beliefs and actions.
In 1859 he was not renominated by the Republican Party to Congress. Giddings retired from Congress after a continuous service of more than twenty years. In 1861 he was appointed by Lincoln as U.S. consul general in Canada, and served there until his death at Montreal on the 27th of May 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="2900441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900441" title="Lac de Montbel">
Lac de Montbel

The Lac de Montbel is a reservoir 5 minutes from Chalabre, which is a popular location for watersports and swimming. It is located at Sainte-Colombe-sur-l'Hers on the border between the Ariège and Aude "départements" of southwestern France.
The flooded hillsides are still evident when the water level drops, revealing tree stumps and the thick sticky clay (marl) so typical of the Ariège. On quiet hot summer days the water takes on a beautiful turquoise colour which is very photogenic.
The area is relatively undeveloped and quiet and privacy are a great attraction. The mountains of the Pyrenees are visible in the background.
Other lakes for swimming near Montbel include Lac de la Cavayère and a smaller one at Pradelles-Cabardès.
The dam which created the reservoir was built between 1982 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2900454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900454" title="Racial steering">
Racial steering

Racial steering refers to the practice in which real estate brokers guide prospective home buyers towards or away from certain neighborhoods based on their race. Racial steering is often divided into two broad classes of conduct;
Overview.
Historically the United States of America has been defined by racially segregated neighborhoods. Urban Planning up to the 1960s has been documented as one of the causes of this phenomenon. Urban planners have been seen to have practiced early forms of racial steering. Through the use of the restrictive covenant, and the establishment of zoning laws between World War I and World War II, and the use of urban renewal between the 1940s and 1960s, urban planners have aided in the development of racially segregated neighborhoods. After the 1960s, through in part by the Civil Rights Movement, planning efforts were focused more towards advocacy, and community development, rather than maintaining segregation. Although planning practices did change, the racial make-up of neighborhoods did not.
Examples of racial steering.
An example of an urban planner practicing racial steering when developing communities is Ebenezer Howard. In 1898 after observing congestion and pollution problems in London, Howard developed a community model, which he would call "garden cities" that would lessen the impact of congestion and pollution. Howard hoped that the communities "would offer economic and social advances of the city combined with the tranquility, healthful environment, and closeness to nature" of suburb life. These communities would be set up for Caucasian upper-middle-class people, and "by virtue of quick rail access, they would have close economic links to other cities, but would have enough economic activity within its boundaries so that the majority of residents would not have to commute" thus lessening the impact of congestion and pollution. "Howard’s work has influenced urban development in dozens if not hundreds of communities" in the United States.
An example of racial steering occurring in the United States can be seen in Detroit, Michigan. When the automobile industry opened up new factories creating many jobs in 1916 - 1917 and again in 1924, many African Americans migrated to reap the benefits. This migration changed the racial, social, economic, and political landscape of Detroit. City officials were faced with racial tensions almost overnight. Racial tensions were maintained by the city officials when they supported movements and laws that allowed racial segregation and discrimination in housing, employment and community services to continue.
History.
Theoretical explanations.
Researchers have attempted to explain the racial segregation seen in neighborhoods throughout the United States. There are three leading theories. The first "asserts that the phenomenon is really self – segregation, the result of the preferences of blacks, as with other ethnics, to live in segregated neighborhoods. The second suggests that poverty, aided by the inertia of history has perpetuated segregation. The third suggests that the decline of blatant discrimination of the past has revealed pervasive institutional racism." John E. Farley, argues that although it is plausible for each of these theories to contribute to the segregation seen, his research lends the most support to the second theory, which bases itself on social class. Farley states that "class largely determines what housing people can afford to rent or buy, and since the gap between whites and African Americans is wide with respect to income (U.S. Census Bureau 2001) and even wider with respect to wealth" you tend to see people with similar incomes and wealth in the same areas. Diana Pearce, another researcher, contributes the segregation seen in neighborhoods throughout the United States to institutional racism. She argues that "in consumers’ eyes, real estate agents (compared to bankers or builders, for example) are frequently seen as the most expert in nearly every aspect of decision making involved in buying a house." She continues that "as a group they are not only experts, they also control access to housing areas. They are, or can be, community gatekeepers … and a crucial aspect of the gatekeeper role is the screening of potential residents." 
Federal laws.
The United States congress passed a series of Acts aimed at combating segregation. The first such act, The Civil Rights Act of 1866, states in subsections 1981, 1981a, and 1982 that all persons born in the United States are citizens regardless of their race, color, or previous condition and as citizens they could make and enforce contracts, sue and be sued, give evidence in court, and inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real estate and personal property. Although this act was passed, it was never enforced on the local, state or national level. A second act, The Civil Rights Act of 1964, through Title VI outlawed segregation in public schools and public places. It also made it illegal to have segregation of the races in schools, housing, or hiring. Like the first act, powers given to enforce it were weak in the beginning, but were later supplemented. A third act, the Civil Rights Act of 1968, subsection 3604, expanded on the Civil Rights Act of 1866. It prohibited discrimination concerning the sale, rental, and financing of housing based on race, religion, national origin, and sex. This section is also referred to as the Fair Housing Act. This act is enforced at the national level by the Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity at the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Movement organizations.
Throughout the past four decades since the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, many people have come together to movement organizations that fight racial discrimination in the housing market. One such organization is the National Fair Housing Alliance. It credits itself "as being the only national organization that is dedicated solely to ending discrimination in housing" In the greater Metropolitan Area, there are seven local member organizations they are the Fair Housing Council of Central New York, Fair Housing Enforcement Project, Long Island Housing Services, Housing Opportunities Made Equal, Westchester Residential Opportunities, Fair Housing Council of Northern New Jersey, and the Connecticut Fair Housing Center. A second organization is the Fair Housing Law. They are leading a campaign to "increase public awareness of the Fair Housing Act, and its protections" A third organization, The National Fair Housing Advocate, aims itself as being "designed to serve both the fair housing community and the general public with timely news and information regarding the issues of housing discrimination" Each of these organizations share a common theme, bringing up class action lawsuits against people and/ or companies who fail to rent or sell to others based on their race.
Lawsuits.
Since the enacting of federal laws and the emergence of movement organizations, there have been several lawsuits brought up against individuals and companies for racial discrimination.
Although individual firms have been accused of Racial Steering throughout the United States and found guilty, researchers point out that there have however been no accusations that would affect a significant amount of the United States population. Diana Pearce states that since "the passage of federal lesilation and a landmark Supreme Court decision, there has not been one large lawsuit about housing... in contrast school desegregation and employment discrimination, where ... laws and court decisions have had comparatively more impact". She continues that "as long as it is assumed in the general lesilation and as long as lawyers and judges assume generally that the problem in housing discrimination is that of a few homeowners (or real estate agents who step out of line), practices ... will continue to perpetuate housing segregation".
The debate over racial steering.
Please note: the notion of "a debate over racial steering" should in no way be taken to suggest that racial steering is lawful in the US. It is not. Under US civil rights law racial steering in order to create or maintain segregation is unlawful and has been the target of civil rights reform since at least the mid-20th century. The sections below do not really describe a debate about racial steering, but instead outline scholarship that has assessed the social and economic effects of residential segregation. Racial or ethnic minorities suffer significant disadvantages, as covered in the next three sections. In other instances, these discriminated groups have reacted to such discrimination through social enclave construction, sometimes resulting in, e.g., protected markets and the creation of social capital, notwithstanding exclusion and discrimination. 
Is having racially segregated neighborhoods such a bad thing? This is the major question being posed by leading researchers . There are two dominating theses. The first thesis suggests that racially segregated neighborhoods are characterized as being blighted, having a lack of educational resources, and having high levels of violence. The second thesis challenges this notion and suggests that these neighborhoods are thriving economically. They have developed protective markets, have strong and stable social networks, and because of these networks, they have built high levels of social capital .
The ripple effect in a blighted neighborhood.
Racially segregated neighborhoods have been labeled as blighted. Characteristics of a blighted neighborhoods include rundown homes, streets strewn with garbage, poor lighting, and high rates of crime. Douglas Massey and Nancy Denton explore this logic in their book "American Apartheid". Massey and Denton focus their research on the effects of residential housing discrimination towards African Americans. They argue that racial segregation of lower income residents, who are only capable of making ends meet, creates a neighborhood that is characterized as going "downhill". Massey and Denton argue that this occurs because of a downward spiral effect: If one homeowner cannot afford to maintain their property and allows it to become run down, then other homeowners in the area will be less inclined to invest money into their own property. Massey and Denton also point out that "at some point, a threshold is crossed, beyond which the pattern becomes self – reinforcing and irreversible".
Academic achievement and racial segregation.
Racially segregated neighborhoods have been associated with having low academic achievement rates. Rumberger and Willms have explored this topic. They argue that segregation attributes to minorities under achievement in at least two ways. First, students in segregated schools may receive a poor quality of education. This occurs because schools servicing minorities or low socioeconomic groups may have lower funding levels, inexperienced teachers, and reduced levels of other resources that contribute to the student’s academic achievement. Second, Rumsberg and Willms argue that the residential racial segregation leads to schools having the same composition which can directly affect the student’s level of academic achievement. They call these differences "contextual effects". Contextual effects are defined as peer interactions and the teaching and learning climate in the school. Furthermore, Rumsberg and Willms state that once a school is experiencing the effects of racial segregation, it is difficult to reverse them.
Crime rate and racial segregation.
Since the 1980s violent crimes in the United States have been steadily declining. Between 1980 and 1990, the murder rate for the United States fell by 9%, and between 1973 and 1992 the victimization rate of rapes fell by 28%. "Although rates of crime may be going down for the United States generally, they are spirally upward for one specific group of Americans: African Americans.". Douglas Massey argues that the rising of African American poverty and the addition of racial segregation produces a sharp increase in the geographic concentration of poverty. He continues by stating that "as poverty is concentrated … all things associated with it are concentrated, including crime… thus… creating an ecological niche characterized by high levels of violence and a high risk of victimization". Furthermore, Massey argues that a person living within this niche becomes violent themselves in an effort to deter potential criminals and increase their chance of survival, thus creating a cycle of African American violence which at some point cannot be reversed.
Low income black communities that have been segregated by social forces through city design have higher levels of criminal activity rates. Different methods when applied help us understand how social forces and urban design segregated black communities from white communities. “Shaw and McKay argued that three structural factors- low economic status,ethnic heterogeneity and residential mobility- led to the disruption of community social organization,which,in turn, accounted for variations in crime and delinquency”. Radical geography has been searching for connections between “the truths of how capitalism’s political economy structures urban space and the emphasis on the subjective evaluation of safe urban space.”. The geographical structure of a city is designed to keep high income communities separate from low income, generally black communities are formed with this structure. This type of segregation tends to increase rates of intra- racial victimization, but decrease rates of inter- racial victimization.” One method of segregating blacks form whites is through ‘gated communities’ which isolates the high income population from the low income by gating the higher status community with fences or bars. The result of this ‘gated’ segregation leads to an unmanageable high criminal activity called a ‘ghetto’ community where “spatial isolation leads to social isolation, which in turn has a variety of negative outcomes including serious crime.” Erecting physical barriers such as gates protects the high income community, leaving the black community to be isolated and an island by itself referenced as a ‘ghetto’ community. This can be referred to as ‘Broken Windows’ in which a community,“sends a signal” that it, “does not care about itself” and the community is unable to protect itself from,”criminal invasion.” By pushing the low income earners out of the gentrified community, the city is creating a large segregated criminal zone within the city. “This divide has, in turn, produced disparate social worlds, in which the interests, resources, opportunities, and concerns of racial groups located in distinct neighborhoods increasingly diverge, ultimately leading to unequal rates of crime.” The ghetto is labeled as an undesirable area to live and the people in that area are labeled the same. “We have also seen that those who commit crimes tend to be from the same groups that are most likely to be victimized.” This causes criminal behavior of the people within the area as “greater racial segregation appears to substantially increase violent crimes such as robberies and aggravated assaults.” However it could be argued that the area that an underprivileged person lives in dictates the criminal mentality of the individual. “Poor individuals are simply more prone to committing property crimes than are richer individuals.” Having so many people displaced into the ghetto region of a city that commit many different types of criminal actives would be a reason why those communities have higher crime rates.
Protective markets and racial segregation.
Racial residential segregation has allowed businesses to strive economically. Research has shown that these neighborhoods create a protective market, one that is defined as a specialty that caters to the culturally based tastes of its residents. Research has also shown that ethnic business owners have an insider’s knowledge of the clientele that they serve because they themselves are a part of it. With such knowledge, it is said that they have created a protective market, one that will thrive if the ethnic composition of the neighborhood does not change.
Ethnic economies and racial segregation.
Racially segregated neighborhoods have what are called ethnic economies. An ethnic economy is defined as an "immigrant or minority business and employment sector that coexists with the general economy". Smith argues that an ethnic economy helps in several ways. First, it provides jobs for all able–bodied family members. Second, it has been shown that ethnic economies provide more opportunities for homeownership. Finally, the ethnic infrastructure that is built up, will allow for future growth of the community, thus paving the way for new residents.
Social networks, social capital, and racial segregation.
Racially segregated neighborhoods have strong social networks. These networks have been shown to create social capital, which has been linked to having positive effects on minority residents. First, Portes argues that an individual will gain access to power and political positions through the direct and indirect employment of social connections. He continues by stating that this access to power and political positions, allows for social mobility. Second, Portes states that social capital is generated by social networks of relationships and without the reciprocity, trust, and social norms that come with these networks, a resident who is in need would not be given an opportunity to succeed.

</doc>
<doc id="2900457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900457" title="Debrii">
Debrii

Debrii (Deborah Fields) is a fictional character, a superheroine from Marvel Comics. She debuted in "New Warriors" vol. 3 #4. She was created by artist Skottie Young with the help of writer Zeb Wells. Little is known about her at this time. She avoided being killed in the opening shots of Marvel's Civil War by not reuniting with the team after their reality show was cancelled the first time in "New Warriors" vol. 3 #6.
Fictional character biography.
New Warriors.
Debrii was introduced by the New Warriors' TV producer, Ashley, and so was the only member of Night Thrasher's revised team to have not been hand-picked by him. The TV company's board of directors felt that there was no "friction" in the current team - they all liked each other too much - and that the show would get better ratings if an unknown quantity was added to the team. Debrii's abrasive, antagonistic personality was perfect in this regard; she didn't get on well with any of the team members, frequently making snide comments about Microbe's relatively useless powers, and constantly arguing with Namorita.
Civil War.
Debrii was one of the former Warriors who felt the sting of the growing anti-New-Warriors movement when her secret identity was "outed" online through a New Warriors hate site, after which her car was overturned and set on fire.
After the death of Black Goliath at the hands of a cloned Thor, Debrii was compelled to become involved and joined up with Captain America's Secret Avengers.
Initiative.
Deborah has been identified as one of the 142 registered superheroes who are a part of the . She was one of the former Warriors that was accused of Gauntlet's beating. In truth it was her fellow recruit Slapstick who performed the crime, he was sick of Gauntlet insulting his dead friends.
Debrii later quit the Initiative, along with Justice, Rage, and Slapstick forming the a team called Counter Force. She later returned to Camp Hammond with the team, now calling themselves the New Warriors again, and battled Ragnarok, the clone of Thor.
Debrii eventually quits the team, and leaves the country to go into hiding with Heavy Hitters members Nonstop and Telemetry. After the fall of Osborn, she is no longer a fugitive but remains in Paris, working as the snarky judge of a TV talent competition, "Superpouvoir."
Powers and abilities.
Debrii is described as a "low level telekinetic magnet". She is able to move masses of huge objects in her immediate vicinity at will, and is capable of manipulating many such objects at one time. She can use any "debris" around her to defend herself from attacks, or to attack her enemies. During the New Warriors' battle with the Mad Thinker's Intellectual Robots, she took control of a pile of scrap metal, crafting a shell in the form of a large monster around her body, and manipulating this creation as a weapon.
In the "New Warriors" series where they star on a reality television show Debrii is actually considered a low level electromagnetic telekenetic. Although she is able to move massive amounts of debris she cannot lift anything really heavy with her powers. She can also levitate herself a little (probably not faster as she can comfortably walk), but cannot really fly.
Other versions.
Age of X.
In the "Age of X" reality, a memory experience by Tempo revealed that a woman resembling Debrii was captured by the Sapien League and paraded down the street as a dangerous mutant. However, since the anti-mutant forces of this reality also targeted the non-mutant Spider-Man as part of their anti-mutant purge, this is not confirmation that Debrii is a mutant, even if the unnamed woman in Tempo's memories is Debrii.

</doc>
<doc id="2900459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900459" title="Jules Girardin">
Jules Girardin

Jules Girardin (1832-1888) was a French writer.

</doc>
<doc id="2900470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900470" title="Franciscan Monastery in Kadaň">
Franciscan Monastery in Kadaň

The Franciscan Monastery lies on the edge of the town of Kadaň, Czech Republic and near the river Ohře. Its history dates back to the 15th century. It is now the seat of the Municipal Museum of Kadaň with e.g. the exposition of the conventual life. The church dedication to Fourteen Holy Helpers shows the contacts to then popular German shrines of the same cult. Around the building is a beautiful vineyard, a French park and a lot of plum trees. The monastery was ranked among the national cultural monuments by the Ministry of Culture of the Czech Republic in 1995. The monastery faces the Úhošť hill on the opposite slope of the Ohře valley.
History.
The first building on the site of the present-day Franciscan Monastery in Kadaň was a moderate holy shrine first mentioned in 1469. At Easter 1473 Franciscan Order assumed the shrine and with the support of Kadaň inhabitants and the House of Vitzhum built a temporary Convent house around it with the view of building a stone monastery. The Order experienced bloom and expansion in Bohemia particularly after the visit of Saint John Capistran. The monastery was built in several periods between 1473 and 1500. The sanctuary of the church with the quadripartite rib vault was built first and it was dedicated by Hierapolitan bishop and auxiliary bishop of Regensburg "Johann Ludwig" in 1480. The three-aisled nave with sexpartite rib vault was finished in 1493 and dedicated by bishop of Kamień Pomorski Benedikt of Valdštejn. All the monastery was probably completed by 1500. The walls of the church were decorated with abundant Gothic and Renaissance paintings that are now being restored. The first presumptions show affinity to Lucas Cranach school.
In 1481 the monastery was handed over to the Jan Hasištejnský z Lobkovic. Its development reached the peak in 1522 when the provincial Franciscan school was established. However, the monastery was abolished in 1564 in connection with the stormy spread of Lutheranism in the area. It was soon reestablihed by Jiří Popel z Lobkovic but was corrupted again after the 1618 uprising.
The revival did not come until the second half of the 17th century when the buildings were renovated and the church received new furniture and fixtures. The 18th century brought several unfavourable events. French soldiers of the anti-Habsburg coalition used the church as their shelter while withdrawing after they had been driven from Prague by the army of Maria Theresia in 1742. The church became a witness to a bloody exchange of gunfire. The riddled Baroque door still evokes those moments.
The monastery escaped abolition during Joseph II's reforms by a hair's breadth. The number of monks was, however, limited from thirty-six to twelve. 
During World War II the Franciscans had to surrender half of their monastery to the Wehrmacht for Hitlerjugend needs. Communists closed the monastery in 1950 and it was used as a record office's depositary and got dilapidated due to insufficient maintenance. In 1991 the monastery was given back to Franciscans but they passed it over to the favour of Litoměřice diocese in 1994. The diocesan officials entered into the agreement with the Municipal Office to lease the monastery to the town of Kadaň. The has been giving means to reconstruct the valuable interior and wall frescos. In 1999 the newer parts of the buildings were dedicated to the "Elementary Music, Dancing and Fine Arts School" and a permanent exhibition of mining was opened in the cellars. The Municipal Museum was inaugurated in May 2004.
Church.
The Franciscans are a mendicant order, which is why they did not own the church and the monastery. Therefore the king owned the buildings (at the time of its erecting Ladislaus II Jagellion was on the throne) or an aristocrat. In 1481 the dynasty of Lobkowitz became the owners. They had been the baillie holders of Kadaň from 1469. In the sanctuary is their family vault. The secular founder of the monastery is Jan Hasištejnský z Lobkovic. That is why his tomb is the biggest and most beautiful. Originally it stood above the grave of the founder, but during the Baroque period the church was rebuilt and Franciscans put it against the wall. Today nobody knows where the grave of the founder might have been.
The high altar is the dominant feature in the church. On the altar are two wonderful statues – on the left the statue of St. Francis of Assisi, the founder of the Franciscan order, and on the right the statue of St. Anthony of Padua, who holds a lily and the child Jesus Christ in his hands.
Diamond vault.
Several rooms of the monastery are decorated with late Gothic diamond vaults. It can refer to the use of the rooms by the family of Hasištejn. Such diamond vaults are rare in Bohemia. 
Legend.
Another miracle occurred during the construction. A pregnant lady asked the masons what they were building and when she heard of the Fourteen Holy Helpers she laughed and said that she would rather give birth to fourteen babies than believe in some Holy Helpers‘ existence. After claiming that she went to the town gate (now Holy Gate) and really gave birth to eleven boys and three daughters – all baptized in the names of the Helpers.
Via Crucis.
Seven stations of the Cross lead from the Holy gate to the shrine. They are all sculptured in Baroque style. According to a tradition the journey takes the same length as the way from Pilate‘s house to the Calvary. All the stations depict the falls of Christ.
External links.
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2900472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900472" title="Cruzados">
Cruzados

The Cruzados maus maus were a 1980s rock band from Los Angeles, California. The Cruzados evolved out of the punk band The Plugz; Tito Larriva, Steven Hufsteter, Chalo Quintana and Tony Marisco.
Formation and success.
The Cruzados were formed in 1984 by the 3rd incarnation of the Plugz, members Tito Larriva, Steven Hufsteter, Chalo Quintana and Tony Marsico. They were picked as "the next big thing" by both their musical peers and music critics, they received praise from the likes of Bob Dylan, John Fogerty, David Byrne, Brian Setzer, and Billy Joel. The Cruzados would record three albums for Arista Records but only two would be released, Cruzados and After Dark, the group disbanded in 1990. The Cruzados also performed the song Don't Throw Stones at the beginning of the 1989 movie Roadhouse.
The band's self-titled album was released in 1985.
After Dark.
Following the release of the "Cruzados", Hufsteter left the band. He was replaced by Dino's Revenge guitarist Marshall Rohner, who would record on the second album "After Dark", released in 1987.
Disbandment.
The band recorded one more album for Arista records that was never released (no title).The Cruzados went through many line up changes but the band finally fizzled out by 1990. Little is known about the reasons why they split up, but Larriva says, "The Cruzados started at the tail end of the punk scene, the way I see it, we were punk rockers at heart and in true punk rock fashion we said fuck you to the punk establishment because for us it was over. We changed our name from Plugz to the Cruzados and went in a totally different musical direction. I felt we were on to something but like most bands in the mid 80's, coke and too much fun cut the ride short".
Life after The Cruzados.
After the band broke up, Larriva started his current band Tito & Tarantula Known for their appearance in the 1995 cult classic "From Dusk Till Dawn" written by Quentin Tarantino and directed by Robert Rodriquez "From Dusk Till Dawn" soundtrack.
Steven Hufsteter went on to form his own band in 1985 called Shrine which was the reason he left the Cruzados. 
He recently started playing with Tito again in Tito & Tarantula.
In 1991, Quintana became the drummer for Izzy Stradlin & the JuJu Hounds and is currently the drummer for Social Distortion and Mike Ness's solo touring band. Marsico became bassist for Matthew Sweet in 1993 until present and recorded sessions with Bob Dylan, Neil Young, Roger Daltrey and Marianne Faithfull, among others, Rohner became a guitarist for the band T.S.O.L. but died in October 2005 of AIDS-related causes.
Covers.
Jenny Morris included a cover of the Cruzados song "Rising Sun" on her 1987 album, "Body and Soul".
Personnel.
Jimmy Amason - lead guitar

</doc>
<doc id="2900482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900482" title="Beyond the Veil (album)">
Beyond the Veil (album)

Beyond the Veil is the second full-length album by the Norwegian band Tristania. It is the last album to feature the band's former vocalist, guitarist and core songwriter, Morten Veland.
Background and Influence.
Tristania stood apart from the other bands of the genre with their use of three distinct vocal styles in the "operatic soprano Vibeke Stene, clean-singing counter-tenor Østen Bergøy, and harsh, black metal-style shrieker Morten Veland". "Beyond the Veil" made use of a ten members choir and featured violin passages from Pete Johansen of The Sins of Thy Beloved, earning "rave reviews" across Europe. By then, the band had risen to "the top of the gothic metal heap" with their "lush, symphonically enhanced" approach. The album features "tender ethereal female voices" and "the brutality and harshness", making it a promoter on the gothic metal scene. They were "dealt a potentially crippling blow" when singer, guitarist and principal composer Veland left the group to form Sirenia. Tristania has continued to prosper with subsequent releases and has since been "regarded as one of the world's premiere goth metal bands". Review website sputnikmusic classified the album as a "classic" within the genre it helped to develop, pontuating that the album finds itselft to be "dark, symphonic, gothic metal that reeks in anger and despair. One of the crowning jewels to be found in the gothic metal genre and particulary one album that shouldn't be taken lightly." As the technical content of the album, it features "excellent synthesizer passages and haunting violin runs [...] Aside from the clean and harsh vocals." The album achieves to capture the "coldest emotion from the deepest, darkest corners of the earth with majestic piano leads and epic keyboard passages pulsating throughout the complex arrangements" purposed by keyboardist Einar Moen, as the drumming proceeds with considerable speed and, when necessary, slowing down.

</doc>
<doc id="2900500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900500" title="Kastav">
Kastav

Kastav () is a historical town located about northwest of Rijeka and about northeast of Opatija in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County in Croatia.
Demographics.
The total population of Kastav is 10,472 (census 2011).
The census of 2001 had recorded the following settlements:
In the 2011 census, there was only one settlement, Kastav.
History.
Kastav was built on an isolated hill above sea level.
Its historic center, many parks and big forest are attractive to foreign visitors and hikers. The historic walled town contains a church dating from the 13th century which hosts an international music festival each summer.
The Kastav Statute () was written in 1400, and confirms the status of Croatian city Kastav as an administrative and political centre from the late 14th century.
Geography.
Because of its unusual but good position Kastav has really hot summers and very cold winters; during the summer temperatures can rise to , sometimes even more. In summer evenings Kastav is crowded with walkers who come for the fresh air in the forest and for sport, athletes who have their summer break but want to stay in good shape. In winter Kastav is one of the first places in the Kvarner region to become white with snow.
Economy.
Industry in Kastav isn't developed because citizens of Kastav are focused on work in nearby Rijeka and Opatija, but there are still private stores and companies led by well situated people. Estates in Kastav are very valuable because of its excellent position for living and views of Kvarner and the many islands in the Kvarner region. With faster access from Croatia to the European Union, interest in estates in that part of Croatia is growing.
However, recently developed industrial zone located east of town centre attracts companies and small business. That area has grown rapidly in years since 2006, and continues to grow bringing Kastav back to top of regional industry rates.
Sport.
Sport and recreation in Kastav are well known in Croatia and in countries nearby like Slovenia and Italy.
Kastav has successful sports teams in karate,volleyball, handball, indoor-soccer and, basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="2900509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900509" title="Band Aid Covers the Bullet Hole">
Band Aid Covers the Bullet Hole

"Band Aid Covers the Bullet Hole" is the first single by Los Angeles, California rock band Scarling. It was released in the USA on 7" vinyl on March 19, 2003 on the Sympathy for the Record Industry label, and on compact disc on December 16.
The lyric "Say hello to my little friend" on the chorus of the title track "Band Aid Covers the Bullet Hole" is a line from the film "Scarface".
Band Aid Covers the Bullet Hole (the song) has two different versions and the one released on this single has a one word change. "Robots steal emotions", later changed to "Robots steal narcotics" for the album "Sweet Heart Dealer".
The CD features an additional track, a cover of Radiohead's "Creep".
On March 12, 2006 an episode of the medical drama "Grey's Anatomy" titled "Band-Aid Covers the Bullet Hole" was aired.

</doc>
<doc id="2900512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900512" title="Ed Welch">
Ed Welch

Edward William "Ed" Welch (born October 22, 1947) is an English television composer.
Ed Welch had a classical music upbringing, being Head Chorister at Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford then a first music scholar at Ardingly College in Sussex. He gained a scholarship to Trinity College of Music London, studying composition with Arnold Cooke. Upon graduating in 1965, he joined United Artists Music where he learn the various branches of the music business under the guiding eye of Vera Lynn's brother Roger Welch He wrote arrangements, composed 'B' sides and plugged the UA catalogue at the BBC.
In 1971, he recorded an album, "Clowns", including songs he had co-written with Tom Paxton, and session musicians including Mike de Albuquerque and Cozy Powell. In 1972, acted as producer on a version of “I Don't Know How to Love Him” by Sylvie McNeill on a UK 45 on United Artists UA UP35415 released in time for the first UK Stage Musical of "Jesus Christ Superstar". In 1973 he wrote the title song to Spike Milligan's film "Adolf Hitler my part in his downfall", which marked the start of a 25 year collaboration with Milligan.
In 1978 and 1979, he appeared in the Spike Milligan BBC series Q8 and Q9, performing his own songs (including "The Carpet is Always Greener Under Someone Else's Bed" and "Love to Make Music by") and songs co-written with Milligan, including "I've Got This Photograph of You!" and "Silly Old Baboon". This unlikely duo released an album in 1979 on the United Artists label, "Spike Milligan and Ed Welch Sing Songs from Q8". In 1976, he composed the score for Spike's adaptation of Paul Gallico's "The Snow Goose". Narrated by Milligan and performed by the LSO, the RCA recording was such a success it entered the pop LP charts and has been performed at many concerts since. 
In 1978, he composed the score for the remake of "The Thirty Nine Steps", including an extended piano piece entitled "The Thirty Nine Steps Concerto" (a nod to Richard Addinsell's "Warsaw Concerto"). Welch recorded the piece with Christopher Headington as soloist. In the same year, he moved to the west country where he was appointed Musical Director for Television South West (TSW). He composed the station identification music for TSW, as well as numerous local programmes, including Gus Honeybun in 1987. Welch also composed music for Television South (TVS), from 1987 until the channel disappeared on 31 December 1992. 
Ed composed the theme to the popular ITV, BBC Two and Sky1 quiz show "Blockbusters", which ran from 1983 to 2001, and soon became one of the most recognizable television themes of the time.
Welch adapted fairy tales and wrote the scripts for the children's cartoon series, "Wolves, Witches and Giants", which ran from 1995 to 1999. He is credited for the music in the 2001 cartoon series, "Binka", and in 2004, he composed a piece of music for Liberal Democrat candidate, Mike Treleaven. He wrote songs for the new format of "Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends" from 2004 to 2008.
Welch is credited as a co-writer of the 1995 Icelandic entry to the Eurovision Song Contest (with Björgvin Halldórsson).
Composed.
Ed Welch as composed over 300 pieces, including piece for music library and number of local programmes for a number of ITV contractors.
N.B - All New Blockbusters, Ed Welch has been credited as Composer with Rearrangement by Rage Music.

</doc>
<doc id="2900514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900514" title="Cliff Gladwin">
Cliff Gladwin

Clifford Gladwin (1916–1988) was an English cricketer, who played for Derbyshire from 1939 to 1958, and in eight Tests for England from 1947 to 1949. He took over 1,600 first class wickets.
A tall right-arm medium-fast seam bowler of great accuracy and consistency, Gladwin formed, with Les Jackson, the most feared new ball attack in the English first-class game for a dozen years after World War II. Gladwin was both penetrative and mean, with around a third of his overs being maidens, and in thirteen full seasons he took 100 or more wickets twelve times, usually at an average of under 20 runs per wicket.
Cricket writer, Colin Bateman noted that "Gladwin was so proud of his miserly bowling, that he would correct the scorers at the close of play if there was an error in their figures".
Life and career.
Gladwin was born 3 April 1916 at Doe Lea, Derbyshire, the son of Joseph Gladwin who also played for Derbyshire. He made his debut for Derbyshire in the 1939 season and played a handful of games that year.
After World War II, Gladwin returned to the county in the 1946 season, taking over 100 wickets and leading an attack weakened by the absence of Bill Copson. With the return of Copson and George Pope the following year, Gladwin formed the only pace attack of even reasonable quality in an era when most counties relied largely on spin. All three played Test cricket against South Africa the following year. Gladwin at Old Trafford conceded only 58 runs in a marathon stint of 50 overs.
Although Gladwin headed the first-class averages in the 1948, he did not play against the 1948 Australians, the team dubbed "The Invincibles". He did, however, play five Tests on the tour to South Africa in 1948–49 under George Mann. There he became a national hero, by running the leg bye that won the Durban Test for England, to achieve the only last-ball victory in the history of Test matches.
By the 1949 season, Gladwin had developed so much as a batsman that he made 124 against Nottinghamshire and scored over 900 runs. However, he did not maintain this standard and only made one score over fifty in his last six seasons. However, as a bowler, Gladwin was always near the top of the averages until he retired in 1958 – though the return of England's pace bowling to more reasonable strength meant that he was out of the running for a Test berth during the 1950s. At times, owing to Derbyshire's shortage of spin, Gladwin actually bowled off-breaks when conditions were favourable.
Gladwin's career total of 1,653 wickets puts him 60th on the all-time list of wicket-takers, and his 1952 match performance of 16 for 84 against Worcestershire is the second best in post-World War II county cricket, being bettered by only one run by Tony Lock four years later. His bowling average was 18.30, and his best innings performance 9 for 41.
Gladwin was a right hand batsman and played 510 innings in 374 first class matches at an average of 17.35, and a top score of 124 not out. His batting performance stands out in comparison with fellow Derbyshire pace bowlers Bestwick, Copson, Jackson, Rhodes, Ward and Hendrick – who did not make a single fifty between them in 2,195 first-class innings.
Gladwin retired in 1958 and returned to league cricket in Staffordshire and Yorkshire, remaining a popular and respected professional.
Gladwin died 10 April 1988 in Chesterfield at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="2900516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900516" title="Carl Malamud">
Carl Malamud

Carl Malamud (born 1959) is a technologist, author, and public domain advocate, known for his foundation public.resource.org. He was the founder of the Internet Multicasting Service. During his time with this group, he was responsible for creating the first Internet radio station, for putting the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's EDGAR database on-line, and for creating the Internet 1996 World Exposition.
Malamud is the author of eight books, including "Exploring the Internet" and "A World's Fair". 
He was a visiting professor at the MIT Media Laboratory and is the former chairman of the Internet Software Consortium. He also is the co-founder of Invisible Worlds, was a fellow at the Center for American Progress, and was a board member of the non-profit Mozilla Foundation.
Protecting the public domain.
Malamud set up the nonprofit public.resource.org, headquartered in Sebastopol, California, to work for the publication of public domain information from local, state, and federal government agencies. Among his achievements have been digitizing 588 government films for the Internet Archive and YouTube, publishing a 5 million page crawl of the Government Printing Office, and persuading the state of Oregon to not assert copyright over its legislative statutes. He has also been active in challenging the state of California's copyright claims on state laws by publishing copies of the criminal, building, and plumbing codes online.
He has also challenged the information management policy of Smithsonian Networks, convinced C-SPAN to liberalize its video archive access policy, and begun publishing court decisions. In 2009 he proposed himself, through the "Yes We Scan" campaign, as the Public Printer of the U.S., the head of the Government Printing Office. He is leading an effort, under the banner of Law.gov, to bring online all primary legal materials (including legal codes and case law) for open public access. 
An early Internet pioneer, he is the author of many early books about networking such as "Analyzing Novell Networks" and "DEC Networks and Architectures".
Malamud’s campaign to become US Public Printer.
In 2009 Malamud announced his candidacy to become Public Printer of the United States and asked for the public to endorse him for the position. The role is filled by an appointment by the president and it is unusual that it would be the subject of a public campaign. Malamud sought the position on a platform of promising to "make all primary legal materials produced by the U.S. readily available" and to include "principles of bulk data distribution in legislation."
The Electronic Frontier Foundation said that his agenda was "ambitious and impressive" and that if Obama granted him the position that it would be an excellent step toward fulfilling his promise to introduce "an unprecedented level of openness in Government."
Recognition.
In 2009 Malamud received the EFF Pioneer Award from the Electronic Frontier Foundation for being a public domain advocate.

</doc>
<doc id="2900519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900519" title="Diego de Montemayor">
Diego de Montemayor

Diego de Montemayor ( 1530 – 1610) was a Spanish conquistador, explorer, officer, and the governor of Nuevo Reino de León.
Early life.
Historians dispute his date of birth, place of birth, and the identity of his parents. However, Antonio Morales Goméz and Carlos Pérez Maldonado have stated, without proving it, that Montemayor was born in the year 1530. In the "Catalogo de Pasajeros a Indias", a certain "Diego de Montemayor" appears to have sailed toward New Spain from Sevilla, he is described to be a neighbor of Málaga, son of Juan de Montemayor and Mayor Hernández, and the husband of Inés Rodríguez.
Founding of Monterrey.
Montemayor is credited with the founding of Monterrey, the capital of the northeastern Mexican state of Nuevo León, on September 20, 1596. The establishment was officially called "Ciudad Metropolitana de Nuestra Señora de Monterrey" ("Metropolitan City of Our Lady of Monterrey," partly to curry favor from the Viceroy of the time, the Gaspar de Zúñiga y Acevedo, Count of Monterrey. Montemayor's founding was the third effort. The two previous ones bore the names "Santa Lucia" and "San Luis Rey de Francia" and were headed by Alberto del Canto, the future arch-enemy of Montemayor, and the second by Luis de Carabajal y Cueva. Montemayor brought forty people with him from Saltillo to populate Monterrey, mostly of Jewish descent — nine married couples, three men without families, fourteen boys, four girls, and one Indian named Domingo Manuel.
Personal life.
Montemayor served as governor of Nuevo León from 1588 to 1610. He was married three times. His wives were Inez Rodríguez, who came with him from Spain to the New World in 1548, María de Esquivel, and Juana Porcalla de la Cerda. Montemayor had three children, one from each of his wives. His children were Inez, Diego, and Estefanía.
During the Chichimeca War in 1550, Montemayor was often away from his third wife, Juana Porcalla de la Cerda, and her attention soon focused on Alberto del Canto, only a few years her elder. When Montemayor later confronted her about the ongoing affair, an argument ensued, he drew his sword and killed her. Montemayor fled into the wilderness to the north, but was eventually cleared of all charges (perhaps because a law at the time allowed a man to kill his unfaithful wife). His daughter with Juana Porcalla, Estefanía, later married Alberto del Canto and had three children with him, though the two separated in 1596. Estefanía moved back to Monterrey with her father, and her children took the last name of Montemayor. Montemayor never met his vow to kill Alberto del Canto.
He died about 1611 in Monterrey, and is believed to be buried in the Convento de San Francisco in Monterrey.

</doc>
<doc id="2900523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900523" title="Drug Design and Optimization Lab">
Drug Design and Optimization Lab

Drug Design and Optimization Lab better known as "D2OL" was a Distributed Computing project with the goal of discovering drug candidates to fight SARS, Anthrax, Smallpox and other diseases and is currently being hosted by The Rotherberg Institute. The project ended on April 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2900532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900532" title="Miami, Queensland">
Miami, Queensland

Miami is a suburb on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia. Miami is located along the Gold Coast Highway, south of Surfers Paradise and north of the Queensland / New South Wales border at Coolangatta/Tweed Heads. It is part of the Gold Coast City local government area.
History.
The history of Miami can be dated back to the early 1920s when prospective investors were looking over plans for a new real estate development called ‘Miami Shore’ at North Burleigh. The investors built their wooden or fibro bungalows on estates such as this, or rented their cottages to holiday makers. They could also stay in the Hotel Miami which opened in 1925 by E. H. Berry. After the Great Depression, the community developed with construction of tennis courts and the Pizzey Park Sporting Complex. The Miami State High School opened in 1963.
Australian Musician John Farnham's 1988 music video for the top-10 song "Two Strong Hearts" was filmed outside the famous "Miami Ice" factory at 2015 Gold Coast Highway, Miami.
Demographics.
Miami is a predominantly residential suburb with a population profile older than the state average. At the 2011 Australian Census the suburb recorded a population of 6,364. Its commercial activity is mainly confined to the Gold Coast Highway and there is some light industry around Christine Avenue. It has an average salary of A$32,700 and 7.2% unemployment. (2003 ABS statistics).
Transport.
The Gold Coast Highway runs north to south through Miami, with Christine Avenue and Pacific Avenue connecting to the west. The nearest train station is located at Robina, approximately west of Miami.
The Gold Coast Airport is approximately south of Miami.
Miami has frequent local bus services to the north and south via the local bus network, Surfside Buslines. This includes the all night route 700 that runs between Tweed Heads and Southport. The Gold Coast Tourist Shuttle also operates in Miami.
Sport and recreation.
A number of well-known sporting teams represent the local area, including the Burleigh Bears and Miami Beach Surf Life Saving Club.

</doc>
<doc id="2900533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900533" title="Argyraspides">
Argyraspides

The Argyraspides (in "Silver Shields"), were a division of the Macedonian army of Alexander the Great, who were so called because they carried silver-plated shields. They were picked men, were commanded by Nicanor, the son of Parmenion, and were held in high honour by Alexander. They were hypaspists, having changed their name to the Argyraspides whilst in India under Alexander (Arr. Anab. 7.11.3). After the death of Alexander (323 BC) they followed Eumenes. They were veterans, and although most of them were over sixty, they were feared and revered due to their battle skills and experience.
At the Battle of Gabiene they settled with Antigonus when he managed to take possession of their baggage train (consisting of their families and the result of forty years of plunder). They obtained the return of their possessions, but in exchange delivered their General Eumenes to him (316 BC). 
Antigonus, however, soon broke up the corps, finding it too turbulent to manage. He sent them to Sibyrtius, the Macedonian satrap of Arachosia, with the order to dispatch them by small groups of two or three to dangerous missions, so that their numbers would rapidly dwindle.
The Seleucid kings of Syria employed an infantry phalangite corps of the same name. At the Battle of Raphia in 217 BC the Argyraspides took up positions against the Ptolemaic phalanx. Polybius describes them as being armed in the Macedonian manner (Polyb. 5.79.4, 82.2). Their position besides the king at the Battle of Magnesia suggests that they were the premier infantry guard unit in the Seleucid army. They were men chosen from the whole kingdom (Polyb. 5.79.4) and constituted a corps of 10,000 men at Raphia. At the Daphne parade held by Antiochus IV Epiphanes in 166 BC the Argyraspides were 5,000 strong. However the corps of men described by Polybius as being armed and dressed in the 'Roman fashion' numbered 5,000, and Bar-Kochva suggests that these men, who are described as being in the prime of life, might have also been a division of the Argyraspides, putting the number of the corps back up to 10,000 strong.
The Roman Emperor Alexander Severus, among other things in which he imitated Alexander the Great, had in his army bodies of men who were called "argyroaspides" and "chrysaspides". Livy mentions a cavalry corps called silvershields as the royal cohort in the army of Antiochus III the Great at Magnesia.

</doc>
<doc id="2900536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900536" title="West Branch Wading River">
West Branch Wading River

The West Branch Wading River is a tributary of the Wading River in Burlington County in the southern New Jersey Pine Barrens in the United States.
The confluence of Tulpehocken Creek and the West Branch Wading River create the Wading River.

</doc>
<doc id="2900537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900537" title="Corfu International Airport">
Corfu International Airport

Corfu International Airport, "Ioannis Kapodistrias" () or Ioannis Kapodistrias (Capodistrias) International Airport is a government-owned airport on the Greek island of Corfu at Kerkyra, serving both scheduled and charter flights from European cities. Air traffic peaks during the summer season, between April and October.
The Ioannis Kapodistrias International Airport, named after Ioannis Kapodistrias distinguished Corfiot European diplomat and first Governor of Greece, is located around 2 kilometres south of Corfu Town, half a kilometre north of Pontikonisi. The approach and landing, in a northeasterly direction, offer the flying passengers a spectacular aerial view of Pontikonisi and Vlaherna Monastery as well as the hills of Kanoni as the runway used for landing is actually a few hundred metres away from these landmarks.
History.
The airport was founded in 1937. During the World War II the airport was used by German and Italian forces as a base for transport and fighter aircraft. 
During the war the runway length was 600m. At the end of April 1949 the length reached 800m. The next and last extension of the runway began in 1957 and was completed in 1959, with a length of 2,373m.
The first commercial flight took place on 19 April 1949 from Athens operated by TAE Greek National Airlines. On 2 September 1950 HELLAS also started flights to Corfu.
In 1962 a small passenger terminal was built, which today accommodates the Corfu Aeroclub. In April 1965 the airport became International and the first flight was operated by Olympic Airlines. The construction of the new passenger terminal began in 1968 and was completed in 1972.
Airlines and destinations.
The airport offers domestic flights with Olympic Air and Aegean Airlines, but the vast majority of traffic in the summer season is charter flights for holidaymakers. The majority of the charter traffic arrives on Mondays, Fridays and Saturdays mainly to coincide with the change-over days for holiday apartment rentals.
Ground transportation.
There is a taxi rank outside the terminal and a bus stop connecting the airport with Corfu Town.

</doc>
<doc id="2900538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900538" title="Workers' Association of Malmfälten">
Workers' Association of Malmfälten

Workers Association of Malmfälten (in Swedish: "Malmfältens Arbetarförening") was a political group in Gällivare, Sweden. MAF was founded in 1985, ahead of the municipal elections. It won one seat in the municipal council of Gällivare. MAF had launced a list with 21 LO members.
At its peak MAF had around 220 members.
A major part of the founders of the organization belonged to the Program Tendency within the Socialist League (SF). However, that group left SF to form the International Group.
On January 10, 1988 MAF, IG and the Solidarity Party formed the United Socialists as a coalition.
MAF was dissolved in 1990, and the remaining members entered the Workers List.

</doc>
<doc id="2900539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900539" title="NER Class P3">
NER Class P3

The North Eastern Railway (NER) Class P3, classified J27 by the LNER, is a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotive. The P3 Class was designed by Wilson Worsdell and was a relatively minor modification of the existing North Eastern Railway NER Class P2 (LNER Class J26). The most significant change was a deeper firebox with shallower sloping fire grate. This was achieved by raising the boiler slightly, and by reducing the clearance between the firebox and the rear axle. The P3 Class were a freight engine by nature and used for hauling long trains of freight.
Construction.
Initially eighty J27s were built between 1906 and 1909 in five batches, distributed amongst the NER's Darlington Works, North British Locomotive Company, Beyer, Peacock and Company, and Robert Stephenson and Company. Twelve years later, a batch of twenty five J27s were built at Darlington with Schmidt superheaters and piston valves. These were delivered in 1921-2 and were followed by a final order of ten placed in December 1922 and built by the LNER at Darlington Works in 1923. The superheated J27s could be identified by their extended smokeboxes.
Post-war.
After World War II, the J27s stopped hauling goods trains but they continued to haul heavy mineral trains. Withdrawals began in March 1959, but in June 1966 thirty six were still putting in hard work hauling coal in County Durham and South Northumberland. The final J27s were withdrawn from the Blyth area where they operated the short trip workings between the nearby coalfield and shipping staithes. The last J27 was withdrawn in September 1967.
Preservation.
Restoration.
One, BR 65894 has survived to preservation and was purchased directly from BR by the North Eastern Locomotive Preservation Group on 1 December 1966. There then followed restoration to full working order, initially at Tyne Dock where the locomotive was stored after withdrawal, then professionally at the then still functioning National Coal Board workshops at Philadelphia, Tyne and Wear, and then at Thornaby Depot. Final restoration, including the fitting of vacuum brake and steam heating apparatus for working passenger trains, was by the group’s volunteers at ICI Billingham.
Appearances.
The locomotive, fully restored as NER class P3 No. 2392, was delivered to the embryonic North Yorkshire Moors Railway in October 1971. The locomotive provided the mainstay of services in the period leading up to full re-opening of the line, when it piloted Lambton Collieries Tank No. 29 on the Royal Re-opening Special of 1 May 1973. Following its appearance as an exhibit at the Stockton and Darlington 150 celebrations and cavalcade, it was withdrawn for boiler repairs. From 1977 until early 1982 it was on display in the National Railway Museum at York. After a further overhaul, 2392 returned to traffic on the N.Y.M.R. in the autumn of 1984. The engine has seen use on the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway, Bo'ness and Kinneil Railway the Llangollen Railway, and the North Norfolk Railway.
Current status.
It is owned by the North Eastern Locomotive Preservation Group and was on display at Darlington Railway Centre and Museum awaiting a future overhaul and return to steam. It is now in NELPG's Hopetown (Darlington) works and is waiting for a Heritage Lottery Fund grant. The North Eastern Locomotive Preservation Group has launched an appeal to raise funds for its next overhaul and it is hoped that it can be returned to service in the near future.

</doc>
<doc id="2900546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900546" title="Hugh Bourne">
Hugh Bourne

Hugh Bourne (1772–1852) along with William Clowes was the joint founder of Primitive Methodism, the largest offshoot of Wesleyan Methodism and, in the mid nineteenth century, an influential Protestant Christian movement in its own right.
Early life.
Hugh Bourne was born on 3 April 1772 at Ford Hayes Farm, Ford Hayes Lane, Bucknall, now within the present-day boundaries of Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
Hugh was the son of Joseph and Ellen Bourne. In 1788, after basic training as a carpenter, Hugh moved to the nearby mining village of Bemersley (in the north-eastern fringe of the present-day Stoke-on-Trent) and was apprenticed to his uncle as a wheelwright. After ‘serving his time’ learning the trade, Hugh specialised principally in making and repairing windmill and watermill wheels.
Hugh Bourne was brought up in a religious family and from the age of seven was increasingly troubled by existential and religious questions. He lived with a rather morbid fear of being condemned to Hell and spent, as he phrased it, "twenty sorrowful years" in pursuit of salvation. Naturally, the shy young Bourne read the Bible, but it was only when his mother brought him an anthology of Christian writings in 1799 that the Christian message of salvation really began to resonate. Bourne wrote, “I believed in my heart, grace descended and Jesus Christ manifested himself unto me, my sins were taken away in an instant, and I was filled with all joy and peace in believing”.
Bourne's conversion at the age of twenty seven led him to join the local Wesleyan society at Burslem, one of the historical six towns of the City of Stoke-on-Trent. He continued as a wheelwright but, after a period of group bible study, soon became a Methodist lay-preacher.
By 1800, Bourne had moved a short distance to Harriseahead, a mining village near Biddulph close to the Staffordshire – Cheshire border. Bourne was appalled at the moral state of his new surroundings, saying, "There was not in England a neighbourhood that was more ungodly and profane. A stranger could hardly go over Harriseahead without insult and sometimes not without injury”.
Bourne was "constitutionally shy, somewhat dour, yet - strange union of opposites - courageous and doggedly persistent". He soon earned a reputation as a zealous preacher but the Wesleyan leadership were uncomfortable with his radicalism. Initially, he conducted a recognisably Wesleyan form of service but, later, he rejected this as being boring and of out-date; in short, the traditional service was ‘not fit for purpose’. To engage with people, Bourne developed a style of open-air preaching, combined with public confession of sin, group prayer, and hymn singing. This was clearly distinctive from the Wesleyan norm and provided the template for the later Camp Meetings. A chapel was established at Harriseahead and, by 1804, the religious ‘revival’ Bourne began in his new village had spread to the northern Potteries towns of Burslem and Tunstall and into south Cheshire. One notable achievement of this revival was the religious conversion of Burslem-born William Clowes (1780-1851), the other joint founder of Primitive Methodism.
Often overlooked is the change following what may be called "Hugh Bourne's Pentecost". In 1804, some "revivalists" from Stockport led the Michaelmas Love Feast at Congleton where they spoke of John Wesley's teaching of "entire sanctification". Jesse Ashworth, who knew some of these revivalists, records the change in Hugh Bourne and his companions. Their preaching, and the Church, found a new freedom and blessing from God. They held a Christmas Love Feast at Harriseahead, with many standing on or between the pews for lack of space. This began the time of revival when some key Primitive Methodist leaders, most importantly William Clowes, were converted.
Camp meetings, Bourne's expulsion and the origins of Primitive Methodism.
Bourne and Clowes’ Primitive Methodism germinated in the Camp Meetings from 1807 onwards and its separate organisational form came about as a direct result of the Wesleyan circuit authorities’ reaction to these Meetings. Camp Meetings were all day, open-air gatherings for Christian preaching and group prayer, usually followed by a Love Feast. They were based on evangelical revival meetings in America. The first such meeting in England was held on Sunday 31 May 1807, between 6 a.m. to 8 p.m., in a field at School Farm, Mow Cop, about a quarter of a mile south west of Mow Cop Folly (a mock castle ruins built in 1754). Mow Cop, on the Staffordshire – Cheshire border, was a bleak spot lying as it does on a limestone ridge rising to 1,091 feet above sea level. Nevertheless, during the afternoon, the Camp still managed to draw a crowd of up to 4,000 people.
Although Mow Cop was supposed to be a one off, the number of conversions confirmed Bourne in his belief in the relevance and effectiveness of Camp Meetings and others soon followed. There was a second Mow Camp Meeting (19 July) and a third at Norton-in-the-Moors (now a north-eastern neighbourhood in Stoke-on-Trent) on 23 August 1807. Others included Ramsor (Staffordshire) (two miles north of Alton Towers).
"Men naturally turn to Mow Cop rather than to Norton, for there is more to engage and impress the imagination in the former; but to those who judge of events by their significance and results, Norton overtops Mow. It is not always the first step that is the most difficult: sometimes it is harder to go on than to begin... (The Norton Camp Meeting) is, historically, the most important; for, before it was held, the Liverpool Conference of 1807 had given its judgement, and the judgement was adverse. Naturally, the ministers of the Burslem Circuit, the storm-centre of the movement, lost no time on their return in endeavouring to preserve their societies from complicity with what the Conference had pronounced to be `highly improper and likely to be of considerable mischief'".
After the Wesleyan authorities' reaction to the first three Camp Meetings, it was no surprise that, ten months after the Norton-in-the-Moors Camp, Bourne was expelled from the Wesleyan Methodists by the Burslem Quarterly Meeting. The reason given was non-attendance at Bible class but the real reason was explained by the Wesleyan superintendent who told Bourne that it was "because you have a tendency to set up other than the ordinary worship". (Ironically, this was the reason the Anglican Church of England gave for refusing to endorse John Wesley's mission in the mid eighteenth century).
Unlike Rev. Joseph Cooke of east Lancashire, who had been expelled by the Conference of 1806, Bourne and his suppoerters had no doctrinal dispute with the Wesleyans. Thus, for the next couple of years, the societies sympathetic to Bourne (known as ‘Camp Meeting Methodists’) continued to remain part of the parent body but things changed in 1811. After the Ramsor Camp in 1810, William Clowes was excluded from the Wesleyan Methodists and, in 1811, Bourne and his brother founded the first Chapel since his expulsion in Tunstall, Stoke-on-Trent. Around that time Clowes, and his followers (‘Clowesites’), issued an invitation to Bourne, and his supporters, to form a new organisation. In February 1812 the new body adopted the name ‘Society of the Primitive Methodists’, which is believed to refer to John Wesley’s assertion that the early Methodists manifested the “Primitive” Christianity of the first century. The fledgling movement spread rapidly, first along the valley of the Trent. In 1819 the inaugural Primitive Methodist Conference was held at Nottingham (the site of a large Camp Meeting on Whit Sunday 1816 which had been attended by 12,000) and the second at Hull in 1820.
Bourne's organisational ability and the growth of Primitive Methodism.
Missions, often accompanied by Camp Meetings, were disproportionately successful in working-class mining and agricultural communities. Each circuit planned and carried out its own missionary work separately until 1825, when the Conference appointed the General Missionary Committee to centralise guidance. By 1842 membership had increased to almost 80,000 with 500 travelling preachers and more than 1,200 chapels.
Bourne travelled and preached widely in England, Scotland, Ireland, Canada and the USA until his death in 1852. He was a man of exceptional energy and organisational abilities. Bourne also wrote the ‘History of the Primitive Methodists’ (1823), a variety of theological tracts on subjects from baptism to salvation, edited the Primitive Methodist hymn book, and was editor of the denominational magazine for two decades.
Whilst there were no essential doctrinal differences with the Wesleyans, Primitive Methodism was shaped by the experience of vilification shared by Bourne, Clowes, and others. Thus, whereas the Wesleyans concentrated a great deal of authority in the hands of their Ministers, the Primitive Methodists chose instead to trust the role of lay people.
Another difference of emphasis between Hugh Bourne and some of the Wesleyans of his time was his desire to follow closely the teaching of John Wesley in the mid eighteenth century. Weary with persecution, many Wesleyans, though true to the same doctrines, had toned down their preaching in an effort to court respectability. This was one of the factors behind the 1807 Methodist Conference's condemnation of Camp Meetings. The Minutes (widely quoted in Holliday Bickerstaffe Kendall and most histories of Primitive Methodism) say, "It is our judgment, that even supposing such meetings to be allowable in America, they are highly improper in England, and likely to be productive of considerable mischief; and we disclaim all connection with them." 
Primitive Methodism was also shaped by Bourne’s joint concern for the spiritual salvation and social welfare of ordinary working people. For example, just like Keir Hardie in the early twentieth century, Bourne understood that drunkenness was a major factor which kept working-class people down in base conditions. Also, In the face of establishment opposition, Bourne promoted working class education, including instruction in reading, writing and arithmetic, in addition to religious teaching, at the Primitive Methodist Sunday Schools. Many early trade union pioneers were drawn from the ranks of Primitive Methodist Preachers, and a basic ‘welfare state’ used to operate among chapel-goers, their neighbours and families. In common with some other non-conformists, Bourne accepted women as of equal status with men by (amongst other things) appointing women Preachers.
By the time of his death (11 October 1852), Bourne was regarded as a father figure for the movement and his funeral procession was attended by more than 16,000 people. He is buried at Englesea Brook chapel, in Weston, near Crewe, south Cheshire, not far from his home in Bemersley, near Tunstall, Stoke-on-Trent, north Staffordshire.
By 1860 the international movement he helped to found and organise had 650 Ministers, 11,304 local preachers and over 100,000 members. It had extended beyond the British Isles, Canada and the USA to Australia, New Zealand, Nigeria and South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="2900548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900548" title="Edward A. Pollard">
Edward A. Pollard

Edward Alfred Pollard (27 February 1832–17 December 1872), born in Nelson County, Virginia, was an American journalist and outspoken secessionist.
Biography.
Pollard graduated at the University of Virginia in 1849, studied law at the College of William and Mary, and in Baltimore (where he was admitted to the bar), and was engaged in newspaper work in California until 1855. During 1857 to 1861 he was clerk of the United States House Committee on the Judiciary. By 1859 he had become an outspoken secessionist, and during the Civil War he was one of the principal editors of the "Richmond Examiner" (along with Robert William Hughes, which supported the Confederacy but was hostile to President Jefferson Davis. 
In 1864 Pollard sailed for England, but the vessel on which he sailed was captured as a blockade runner, and he was confined in Fort Warren in Boston Harbor from 29 May until 12 August, when he was paroled. In December he was placed in close confinement at Fort Monroe by order of the Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton, but was soon again paroled by General B. F. Butler, and in January proceeded to Richmond, Virginia to be exchanged there for Albert D. Richardson (1833–1869), a well-known correspondent of the "New York Tribune", who, however, had escaped before Pollard arrived. During 1867 to 1869 Pollard edited a weekly paper at Richmond, and he conducted the "Political Pamphlet" there during the presidential campaign of 1868.
His publications include "Black Diamonds Gathered in the Darkey Homes of the South" (1859), in which he advocated a reopening of the slave trade; "The Southern History of the War" (3 vols.: "First Year of the War", with B. M. DeWitt, 1862; "Second Year of the War", 1864; "Third Year of the War", 1864); "Observations in the North: Eight Months in Prison and on Parole" (1865); "The Lost Cause" (1866); "Lee and His Lieutenants" (1867); "The Lost Cause Regained" (1868), a southern view of Reconstruction urging the necessity of white supremacy; "The Life of Jefferson Davis" (1869), an arraignment of the Confederate president; and "The Virginia Tourist" (1870).
Pollard died of disease in Lynchburg, Virginia on 17 December 1872 at the age of forty. He was buried in the cemetery of Oakridge, his ancestral plantation, in Nelson County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2900555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900555" title="Österreicher (surname)">
Österreicher (surname)

__NOTOC__
Oestreicher or Österreicher is a German language surname with the literal meaning "One from Austria", "the Austrian" (German "Österreich" means "Austria"). 'Oe' is a common rendering of "Ö" whenever the diacritics are not available.

</doc>
<doc id="2900556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900556" title="Mount Thor">
Mount Thor

Mount Thor, officially gazetted as Thor Peak, is a mountain with an elevation of 1,675 m (5,495 ft) located in Auyuittuq National Park, on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada. The mountain is located northeast of Pangnirtung and features the Earth's greatest vertical drop of , with the cliff overhanging at an average angle of 15 degrees from vertical. Despite its remoteness, this feature makes the mountain a popular rock climbing site. Camping is allowed, with the only official site being at the entrance to the Akshayuk Valley near Overlord Peak.
Geography.
Mount Thor is part of the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range. The mountain consists of granite.
Ascents.
Donald Morton and Lyman Spitzer made the first ascent of Mount Thor in 1965 during the Alpine Club of Canada expedition led by Pat Baird. Pat Baird also led the 1953 geophysical expedition during which Hans Weber, J. Rothlisberger and F. Schwarzenbach climbed the North Tower of Mount Asgard for the first time.
The world record for longest rappel was set on Mount Thor, July 23, 2006, by an American team consisting of Chuck Constable, Dirk Siron, Ben Holley, Kenneth Waite, Gordon Rosser, Donny Opperman, Deldon Barfuss, and Tim Hudson. A 26-year-old Canadian national park warden, Philip Robinson, also rappelled, but had a problem with his equipment and died when he fell from the mountain. There had been a previous attempt in 2004, but they returned without rappelling due to dangerous weather conditions.
The first ascent of the west face was achieved by Earl Redfern, John Bagley, Eric Brand and Tom Bepler in 1985. The first free climb of the Southwest Buttress was made in 2012 by Bill Borger and John Furneaux.

</doc>
<doc id="2900564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900564" title="Kingston upon Thames local elections">
Kingston upon Thames local elections

Kingston upon Thames Council is elected every four years.

</doc>
<doc id="2900565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900565" title="Zhou Man">
Zhou Man

Zhou Man (), was a 15th-century Chinese admiral and explorer. He was born into a wealthy merchant family in the year 1378 AD; when he was six years old, his father died on an overseas voyage to Korea. Mourning his father's death, he left his mother and his four younger siblings behind. He worked his way into the emperor's staff by the age of 22. At 32, he was assigned "Grand Leader of All Vessels Commanded by the Emperor's Swift Hand." 
Zhou, with the help of three other commanders, explored wide reaches of the Indian Ocean. A stone inscription, dated 1431, at the Palace of the Celestial Spouse in Liujiagang, Jiangsu is translated as: 
In his book "1421: The Year China Discovered the World", amateur historian Gavin Menzies argues that Zhou Man built a fortess at Bittangabee Bay Australia and that his fleet approached and mapped the Pacific coast of North America and may have been wiped out by a megatsunami resulting from a comet impact creating Mahuika crater. The Australian geographer Professor Victor Prescott states that the structure at Bittangabee is considered by local archaeologists to be early 19th century and that Menzies misinterpreted the Waldseemüller map which he used as evidence for a visit by Zhou Man to the Americas.
In fiction.
Thomas Seinbeck's "In the Shade of the Cypress" (published 2010) is a historical novel whose main character is Zhou Man.
In his book "1421: The Year China Discovered the World", amateur historian Gavin Menzies argues that Zhou Man built a fortess at Bittangabee Bay Australia and that his fleet approached and mapped the Pacific coast of North America and may have been wiped out by a megatsunami resulting from a comet impact creating Mahuika crater. The Australian geographer Professor Victor Prescott states that the structure at Bittangabee is considered by local archaeologists to be early 19th century and that Menzies misinterpreted the Waldseemüller map which he used as evidence for a visit by Zhou Man to the Americas.

</doc>
<doc id="2900571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900571" title="List of extinct animals of New Zealand">
List of extinct animals of New Zealand

This is an incomplete list of extinct animals of New Zealand. This list covers only extinctions from the Holocene epoch.
Mammals.
Bats, and a recently discovered extinct mouse-sized creature, are the only land mammals known to have inhabited New Zealand until the arrival of humans. Fossil marine mammals have been found. New Zealand now has two surviving species of endemic bat.

</doc>
<doc id="2900572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900572" title="Eichmann in Jerusalem">
Eichmann in Jerusalem

Eichmann in Jerusalem: A Report on the Banality of Evil is a book by political theorist Hannah Arendt, originally published in 1963. Arendt, a Jew who fled Germany during Adolf Hitler's rise to power, reported on Adolf Eichmann's trial for "The New Yorker".
Overview.
Arendt states that aside from a desire for improving his career, Eichmann was not driven by antisemitism nor psychological damage. Her subtitle famously introduced the phrase "the banality of evil," which also serves as the final words of the book. In part, at least, the phrase refers to Eichmann's deportment at the trial, displaying neither guilt nor hatred, claiming he bore no responsibility because he was simply "doing his job" ("He did his "duty"...; he not only obeyed "orders", he also obeyed the "law"." p. 135).
Arendt takes Eichmann's court testimony and the historical evidence available, and makes several observations about Eichmann:
Arendt suggests that this most strikingly discredits the idea that the Nazi criminals were manifestly psychopathic and different from "normal" people. From this document, many concluded that situations such as the Holocaust can make even the most ordinary of people commit horrendous crimes with the proper incentives, but Arendt adamantly disagreed with this interpretation, as Eichmann was voluntarily following the "Führerprinzip". Arendt insists that moral choice remains even under totalitarianism, and that this choice has political consequences even when the chooser is politically powerless:
Arendt mentions, as a case in point, Denmark:
On Eichmann's personality, Arendt concludes:
Beyond her discussion of Eichmann himself, Arendt discusses several additional aspects of the trial, its context, and the Holocaust.
The banality of evil.
Arendt's book introduced the expression and concept "the banality of evil". Her thesis is that Eichmann was not a fanatic or sociopath, but an extremely stupid person who relied on cliché rather than thinking for himself and was motivated by professional promotion rather than ideology. 
Banality, in this sense, is not that Eichmann's actions were ordinary, or that there is a potential Eichmann in all of us, but that his actions were motivated by a sort of stupidity which was wholly unexceptional. She never denied that Eichmann was an anti-semite, nor that he was fully responsible for his actions, but argued that these characteristics were secondary to his stupidity. 
This concept has been frequently misunderstood. In his 2010 history of the Second World War, "Moral Combat", British historian Michael Burleigh calls the expression a "cliché" and gives many documented examples of gratuitous acts of cruelty by those involved in the Holocaust, including Eichmann. Arendt certainly did not disagree about the fact of gratuitous cruelty, but "banality of evil" is unrelated to this question. Similarly, the first attempted rebuttal of Arendt's thesis relied on a misreading of this phrase, claiming Arendt meant that there was nothing exceptional about the Holocaust.
Controversy.
Arendt sparked controversy with "Eichmann in Jerusalem" upon its publishing and the years since. Arendt has long been accused of "blaming the victim" in the book. 
Dr. Jacob Robinson published "And the Crooked Shall be Made Straight", the first full-length rebuttal of her book. Robinson presented himself as an expert in international law, not disclosing that he was an assistant to the prosecutor in the case. Initially hailed as definitive, after Arendt's response the book fell out of favor and is no longer in print. 
In his 2006 book, "Becoming Eichmann: Rethinking the Life, Crimes and Trial of a "Desk Murderer"", Holocaust researcher David Cesarani questioned Arendt's portrait of Eichmann on several grounds. According to his findings, Arendt attended only part of the trial, witnessing Eichmann's testimony for "at most four days" and basing her writings mostly on recordings and the trial transcript. Cesarani feels that this may have skewed her opinion of him, since it was in the parts of the trial that she missed that the more forceful aspects of his character appeared.
Cesarani also presents evidence suggesting that Eichmann was in fact highly anti-Semitic and that these feelings were important motivators of his actions. Thus, he alleges that Arendt’s claims that his motives were "banal" and non-ideological and that he had abdicated his autonomy of choice by obeying Hitler's orders without question may stand on weak foundations. This is a recurrent criticism of Arendt, though nowhere in her work does Arendt deny that Eichmann was an anti-Semite, and she also did not claim that Eichmann was "simply" following orders, but rather had internalized the cliches of the Nazi regime. 
Most controversially, Cesarani suggests that Arendt's own prejudices influenced the opinions she expressed during the trial. He claims that like many Jews of German origin, she held "Ostjuden" (Jews from Eastern Europe) in great disdain. This, according to Cesarani, led her to attack the conduct and efficacy of the chief prosecutor, Gideon Hausner, who was of Polish origin. In a letter to the noted German philosopher Karl Jaspers she stated that Hausner was "a typical Galician Jew... constantly making mistakes. Probably one of those people who doesn't know any language." Cesarani claims that some of her opinions of Jews of Middle Eastern origin verged on racism. She described the Israeli crowds as an "Oriental mob, as if one were in Istanbul or some other half-Asiatic country." 
Cesarani has been criticized for his criticism of Arendt. One reviewer argued that his "slur reveals a writer in control neither of his material nor of himself."

</doc>
<doc id="2900581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900581" title="William Cabell Rives">
William Cabell Rives

William Cabell Rives (May 4, 1793April 25, 1868) was an American lawyer, politician and diplomat from Albemarle County, Virginia. He represented Virginia as a Jackson Democrat in both the U.S. House and Senate and also served as the U.S. minister to France.
Early life.
Rives was born at "Union Hill", the estate of his grandfather, Col. William Cabell, in Amherst County, Virginia. It was located on the James River in what is now Nelson County. His parents were Robert (1764–1845) and Margaret Cabell (c.1770–1815) Rives, and his brothers included Alexander Rives. He was a great-uncle of Alexander Brown, author of books on the early history of Virginia and a family history, "The Cabells and their Kin" (1895).
After private tutoring, Rives attended Hampden-Sydney College, followed by the College of William and Mary.
He left Williamsburg to study law with Thomas Jefferson at Monticello, and in 1814 was admitted to the bar at Richmond. Rives began his law practice in Nelson County, but after marrying Judith Page Walker (1802–1882) in 1819, he moved to her estate "Castle Hill", near Cobham in Albemarle County. This was his home for the remainder of his life.
Political career.
Rives' political career began by serving in the state constitutional convention of 1816. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates in 1817–19 for Nelson County, and again in 1822 for Albemarle County. In 1823 he was elected to the United States House of Representatives and served from 1823 to 1829. In 1829 he was appointed by Andrew Jackson as minister to France serving for 3 years. His name was presented as a candidate for the Democratic vice presidential nomination in 1835, but the nomination went to Richard M. Johnson.
On his return from France, Rives was elected to the United States Senate. He would serve three terms, the last as a member of the Whig Party. From 1849 to 1853, he was again minister to France. In 1860, he endorsed the call for a Constitutional Union Party Convention, where he received most of Virginia's first ballot votes for President.
Rives was a delegate to the February 1861 Peace Conference in Washington which sought to prevent the American Civil War. He spoke out against secession, but was loyal to Virginia when she did seceded. He served in the Provisional Confederate Congress from 1861 to 1862, and the Second Confederate Congress from 1864 to 1865.
Post Civil War.
Rives was the author of several books, the most important being his "Life and Times of James Madison" (3 vols., Boston, 1859–68). He served on the Board of Visitors for the University of Virginia from 1834 to 1849, and was for many years the president of the Virginia Historical Society. He died at "Castle Hill" in 1868 and was buried in the family cemetery.
His son, Alfred Landon Rives, was a prominent engineer, and his granddaughter Amélie Rives was a novelist, best known for "The Quick or the Dead?" (1888).
His second son William Cabell Rives, Jr., (1825-1890) owned Cobham Park Estate. It was listed the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Notes and references.
"William Cabell Rives: A Country to Serve" by Barclay Rives. New York, Atelerix Press, 2014

</doc>
<doc id="2900585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900585" title="2011 Cricket World Cup">
2011 Cricket World Cup

The 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup was the tenth Cricket World Cup. It was played in India, Sri Lanka, and (for the first time) Bangladesh. Pakistan was also scheduled to be a co-host, but after the 2009 attack on the Sri Lanka national cricket team in Lahore, the International Cricket Council (ICC) cancelled that, and the headquarters of the organising committee, originally in Lahore, was transferred to Mumbai. Pakistan was to have held 14 matches, including one semi-final. Eight of the games (including the semi-final) were awarded to India, four to Sri Lanka, and two to Bangladesh.
All the matches were One Day Internationals, and all were played over 50 overs. Fourteen national cricket teams took part, including ten full members and four associate members of the ICC. The opening ceremony was held on 17 February 2011 at Bangabandhu National Stadium, Dhaka, and the tournament was played between 19 February and 2 April. The first match was played between India and Bangladesh at the Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium in Mirpur, Dhaka. The final was between India and Sri Lanka at Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai.
India won the tournament, defeating Sri Lanka by 6 wickets in the final in Mumbai, thus becoming the first country to win the Cricket World Cup final on home soil. India's Yuvraj Singh was declared the man of the tournament. This was the first time in World Cup history that two Asian teams had appeared in the final. It was also the first time since the 1992 World Cup that the final match did not feature Australia.
Host selection.
Bids.
The ICC announced on 30 April 2006 which countries would host the 2011 World Cup. Australia and New Zealand had also bid for the tournament; if successful, they would have shared the hosting equally, leaving the location of the final still to be decided. The Trans–Tasman bid, "Beyond Boundaries", was the only one delivered to the ICC headquarters in Dubai before the 1 March deadline, but the Asian bidders were granted an extension by the ICC. The New Zealand government had given assurance that Zimbabwe would be allowed to compete in the tournament, following political discussions in the country over whether their cricket team should be allowed to tour Zimbabwe in 2005.
The extra time needed for the Asian bid had weakened its prospects, but when the time came to vote, Asia won the hosting rights by ten votes to three. The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has revealed that the vote of the West Indies Cricket Board was decisive, as the Asian bid had the support of South Africa and Zimbabwe as well as the four bidding countries. The Pakistani newspaper "Dawn" reported that the Asian countries had promised to hold fund-raising events for West Indian cricket during the 2007 World Cup, which may have influenced the vote. However, I. S. Bindra, chairman of the Monitoring Committee of the Asian bid, said that their promise of extra profits of around US$400 million had been decisive, that there "was no quid pro quo for their support", and that playing the West Indies had "nothing to do with the World Cup bid".
The ICC prefers to rotate World Cup venues between major cricket playing nations. They have been hosted by England (in 1975, 1979, and 1983), India and Pakistan (1987), Australia and New Zealand (1992), India, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka (1996), England and the Netherlands (1999), South Africa, Zimbabwe, and Kenya (2003), and the West Indies (2007). Australia/New Zealand were awarded the 2015 World Cup.
Format.
Late in 2007, the four host nations agreed on a revised format for the 2011 World Cup, identical to that of the 1996 World Cup, except that there would be 14 teams instead of 12. The first round of the tournament would consist of two groups of seven teams. Each team in a group would play all the others once, and the top four from each group would qualify for the quarter-finals. This ensured that every team would play at least six matches.
Qualification.
As per ICC regulations, all 10 full members automatically qualify for the World Cup, including Zimbabwe who have given up their Test playing status until the standard of their team improves.
The ICC also organised a qualifying tournament in South Africa to determine which Associate teams would participate in 2011 event. Ireland, who had been the best performing Associate nation since the last World Cup, won the tournament, beating Canada in the final. The Netherlands and Kenya also qualified by virtue of finishing third and fourth respectively.
List of qualified teams.
The following 14 teams qualified for the final tournament.
Preparations.
Pakistan loses co-host status.
In April 2009 the ICC announced that Pakistan had lost its right to co-host the 2011 World Cup because of concerns about the "uncertain security situation" in the country, especially in the aftermath of the 2009 attack on the Sri Lanka national cricket team in Lahore. The PCB estimated that this would lose them $10.5 million. This figure took account only of the fees of $750,000 per match guaranteed by the ICC. The overall loss to the PCB and the Pakistani economy were expected to be much greater.
On 9 April 2009 PCB chairman Ijaz Butt revealed that they had issued a legal notice to oppose ICC's decision. The ICC, however, claimed that the PCB was still a co-host, and that they had only relocated the matches out of Pakistan. Pakistan proposed that South Asia host the 2015 World Cup and that Australia and New Zealand host the 2011 event, but this option did not find favour with their co-hosts and was not implemented.
Allocation of matches.
On 11 April 2005 PCB chairman Shaharyar Khan announced an agreement on the allocation of games, under which India would host the final, Pakistan and Sri Lanka the semi-finals, and Bangladesh the opening ceremony. After being stripped of its status as a co-host, Pakistan proposed to host its allocated games in the United Arab Emirates as a neutral venue. They had played matches in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, and Sharjah in the preceding months. On 28 April 2009, however, the ICC announced that matches originally intended to be played in Pakistan would be reallocated. As a result, India hosted 29 matches across eight venues, including the final and one semi-final; Sri Lanka hosted 12 matches at three venues, including one semi-final; and Bangladesh hosted 8 matches at two grounds, as well as the opening ceremony on 17 February 2011.
On 1 June 2010 the first tranche of tickets were put on sale after a meeting of the tournament's Central Organising Committee in Mumbai. The cheapest tickets cost 20 US cents in Sri Lanka. In January 2011 the ICC declared the Eden Gardens ground in Kolkata, India, to be unfit and unlikely to be complete by 27 February, when it was scheduled to host a match between India and England. The match was moved to Bangalore.
Media and promotion.
The World Cup has grown as a media event with each tournament. The ICC sold the broadcasting rights for the 2011 event to ESPN Star Sports and Star Cricket for around US$2 billion. At least 2 billion people from more than 180 countries around the world were expected to watch. For the first time the ICC Cricket World Cup was broadcast in high-definition format, and it was to be covered by at least 27 cameras using recent technoloy. It was also planned to be shown across platforms such as online and mobile 3G. It was the first time that an ICC event had the Umpire Decision Review System (UDRS).
The official event ambassador was Sachin Tendulkar.
Song.
The official song of the 2011 Cricket World Cup has three versions, in Bengali, Hindi, and Sinhala, corresponding to the three host countries. "De Ghuma Ke" (Swing It Hard) is the Hindi version, composed by the trio of Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy. It employs an array of Indian rhythms combined with elements of rock and hip hop. The Sinhala version, "Sinha Udaane", was adapted by Sri Lankan R&B and hip hop artist Ranidu Lankage and composed by lyricist Shehan Galahitiyawa. Both songs were performed at the opening ceremony. "Sinha Udaane" was performed by Lankage.
Mascot.
Stumpy, a young elephant, was the official mascot for the 2011 Cricket World Cup. He was unveiled at a function in Colombo, Sri Lanka, on 2 April 2010, and his name was revealed on 2 August 2010 after an online competition conducted by the ICC in the last week of July.
Opening ceremony.
The opening ceremony was held in the Bangabandhu National Stadium in Dhaka, Bangladesh, on 17 February 2011, two days before the first match.
Prize money.
The 2011 Cricket World Cup winning team would be taking home a prize money of US$ 3 million and US$ 1.5 million for runner-up, with the International Cricket Council deciding to double the total allocation for the coveted tournament to US$ 10 million. The winning team will also take home a replica of the ICC Cricket World Cup Trophy, that has been awarded since 1999. The decision was taken at the ICC Board meeting which was held in Dubai on April 20, 2010. The total prize money on offer for the tournament for the teams placing from 1st to 8th is US$7.48 million. The prize money was distributed as follows:
Venues.
All the Indian stadiums for the tournament had been finalised by mid-October 2009, and those of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka in late October 2009. The ICC announced all the venues in Mumbai on 2 November 2009. Two new stadiums were constructed in Kandy and Hambantota, Sri Lanka, for the event.
Umpires.
The Umpire selection panel selected 18 umpires excluding a reserve umpire, Enamul Haque (Bangladesh) to officiate at the World Cup: 5 from Australia, 6 from Asia, 3 from England, 2 from New Zealand and 1 each from South Africa and West Indies.
Squads.
Group B.
West Indies.
Each country chose a 30-member preliminary squad, which would then be reduced to 15. All the 14 teams announced their final squads before 19 January 2011.
Matches.
Warm-up matches.
The following 14 warm-up matches were played before the World Cup started. For statistical purposes, these matches are not considered to be One Day Internationals.
Group stage.
The top four teams from the two groups qualified for the quarter-finals.
Group A.
The top four teams from each group qualified for the quarter-finals (indicated in green).
Group B.
The top four teams from each group qualified for the Quarter finals (indicated in green).

</doc>
<doc id="2900591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900591" title="Litton, Derbyshire">
Litton, Derbyshire

Litton is a village in the Derbyshire Peak District of England. It is one mile from Tideswell and six miles from Bakewell.
The locals will tell you "It's 1000 feet up - minus a boy scout". It has a village hall, a village shop, a small primary school, a post office run by a co-operative of villagers and the Red Lion pub. There are two churches, one at the east end of the village, and one at the west, at the outskirts of the village on the road to Tideswell, the next village along.
Litton has one of the Derbyshire well dressings that take place each summer. The display is set on a base of moist clay and the patterns formed from petals, seeds, mosses and lichens. Each village has its own distinctive style of decoration.
History.
When it was first classed as a village in the late 18th century there were only a few houses on the outskirts of Tideswell. Later on, however, a lead mine was built near Peter's Rock. An obelisk-style cross shaft lies atop steps on the village green.
Notable residents.
This was the birthplace in 1628 of William Bagshaw, the celebrated Nonconformist divine called the “Apostle of the Peak”."

</doc>
<doc id="2900594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900594" title="Cornered">
Cornered

Cornered is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2900600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900600" title="Callistratus of Aphidnae">
Callistratus of Aphidnae

Callistratus of Aphidnae ( "Kallistratos"; died 350s BC) was an Athenian orator and general in the 4th century BCE. 
For many years, as "prostates", he supported Spartan interests at Athens, recognizing that Thebes posed a greater threat to Athens. In 371 BC he was one of the crafters of the peace treaty between Athens and Sparta which recognized the hegemony of Athens on the sea and that of Sparta on land. On account of the refusal of the Thebans to surrender Oropus, which on his advice they had been allowed to occupy temporarily, Callistratus, despite his magnificent defence (which so impressed Demosthenes that he resolved to study oratory), was condemned to death in 361 BC. He fled to Methone in Macedonia, where he was accommodated by King Perdiccas III who drew on his financial expertise. Later, he founded the city of Krenides or Daton with a group of colonists from Thasos. After the takeover of the area by Philip II of Macedon, he took refuge in Byzantium. Upon his return to Athens in the 350s he was executed. Following an uncertain suggestion made by Arnold Schaefer in the nineteenth century, a date of death of 355 has often been repeated. However, Isocrates in his "On the Peace" (24), written near the end of the Social War in 355, seems to know nothing of his return to Athens, and there is no reason why it could not have taken place after the end of the war. On the other hand, Lycurgus' "Against Leocrates" (93) speaks of Callistratus' death as an event remembered by the older generation but known only by report to the younger generation, so that it cannot be dated after 350.
He was an author of several reforms, notably with the Athenian fiscal administration, and forced the allies of Athens to pay contributions ("syntaxeis") for taking part in the war effort. 
See Xenophon, "Hellenica", iii. 3, vi. 2; and Lycurgus, "In Leocr". 93.

</doc>
<doc id="2900602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900602" title="Alan Shatter">
Alan Shatter

Alan Joseph Shatter (born 14 February 1951) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency. After 30 years as a parliamentarian without ministerial office he became Minister for Justice and Equality and Minister for Defence in March 2011 but resigned in May 2014.
Background and early life.
Born in Dublin to a Jewish family, Shatter is the son of Elaine and Reuben Shatter an English couple who met by chance when they were both on holidays in Ireland in 1948. He was educated at The High School, Dublin and Trinity College, Dublin.
He has been to Israel a number of times, including to work on a Kibbutz as a young man.
Shatter has lived most of his life in Dublin — he grew up in Rathgar and Rathfarnham and lives now in Ballinteer with his wife, Carol Ann (Danker) Shatter, and two children. He is the only Jewish member of Dáil Éireann.
Business interests.
Shatter owns several properties in the United States. He has been involved in an eviction row with a tenant of one of his properties in Florida. With interests in fifteen properties, Shatter had the largest property portfolio of any member of Ireland's cabinet.
Political career.
Dáil politics (1981–2011).
Shatter was first elected to the Dáil at the 1981 general election, and was re-elected at each subsequent election until he lost his seat at the 2002 general election. He was re-elected at the 2007 general election. Shatter was a member of Dublin County Council from 1991 to 1999 for the Rathfarnham area.
Having a legal background, Shatter has proposed much legislation during his time as a TD. While in opposition, he published more Private member's bills than any other TD had done previously. His bills were successful in making changes in areas such as health, sport and justice, with the government often amending bills that he brought forward and adopting them as their own. Even prior to becoming a member of the Oireachtas, Shatter satirised some of the measures inherent within a 1979 Family Planning bill in the form of his nationally published booklet, "Family Planning – Irish Style".
During the 1980s Shatter successfully lobbied for the establishment of an Oireachtas Committee on Foreign Affairs. He was a member of the Committee from its foundation in 1992, apart from a brief period in 1993 to 1994, and its chairman from December 1996 to June 1997.
During a period in 1993 to 1994 he was removed by party leader John Bruton as a disciplinary measure for breaking the party whip. This was occasioned by his voting in the Dáil in favour of a Bill to ban live hare coursing. Shatter was president of the Irish Council against Blood Sports for a time.
During his time in the Dáil, he has been a Fine Gael Front Bench spokesperson on Law Reform (1982, 1987–88); the Environment (1989–91); Labour (1991); Justice (1992–93); Equality and Law Reform (1993–94); Health and Children (1997–2000); Justice, Law Reform and Defence (2000–02); Children (2007–10); and Justice and Law Reform (2010–11).
During his time out of politics after losing his seat at the 2002 general election, he practised as a solicitor and was a partner of the firm Gallagher Shatter. Among his professional affiliations, he is a Fellow of the International Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers.
During the 2009 Gaza War, Sinn Féin TD Aengus Ó Snodaigh claimed that Shatter and the Israeli ambassador to Ireland had exposed the Oireachtas committee on Foreign Affairs to "propaganda, twisted logic and half truths". Ó Snodaigh also said that Joseph Goebbels, the Nazi propaganda minister, would have been proud of it. In February 2009, during a sitting of the Joint Committee on Foreign Affairs concerning the Gaza conflict, Shatter clashed verbally with Professor Ilan Pappé, Professor of History at the University of Exeter, accusing Pappé of biased scholarship and historical inaccuracies.
Minister for Justice and Minister for Defence (2011–2014).
On 9 March 2011, Shatter was appointed Minister for Justice and Equality and also Minister for Defence in Enda Kenny's cabinet. In May that year, he made a public statement in support of the RTÉ "Mission to Prey" "Prime Time" programme that defamed a priest which he later backtracked on. That June, he apologised for "unfair and inaccurate" comments he made about RTÉ crime correspondent Paul Reynolds after saying he "consistently engages in tabloid sensationalism". When eight former attorneys general criticised the proposed Thirtieth Amendment of the Constitution on Oireachtas inquiries he described their views as "nonsense" and "simply wrong".
One of Alan Shatter first tasks as new Minister of Justice in 2011 was dealing with the scandals of child abuse involving the Catholic church. Shortly after taking office, the Cloyne report which had been commissioned by the previous government to investigate clerical sex abuse in the diocese of Cloyne, was released. In response to this report and several other sex abuse scandals, the Fine Gael–Labour government announced controversial plans to criminalise failure to report an allegation of child abuse. Seán Brady, the Catholic primate of all Ireland, condemned this as compromising the Seal of the Confessional.
Alan Shatter also introduced Citizenship ceremonies where new citizens swear an oath to the state and obtain their certificate of citizenship. The first ceremony was held in the Dublin Castle on 24 June 2011 with 73 new citizens in attendance.
On 3 March 2012, a convicted Garda killer escaped from low security open detention centre Loughan House in County Cavan, and fled across the border into Northern Ireland. Shatter later apologised and said "it should not have occurred."
On the night of 18 March 2012, there was a break-in at Shatter's home in Ballinteer, Dublin.
On 15 May 2013, Shatter criticised whistleblowers alleging widespread corruption in the Garda Síochána regarding the cancellation of penalty points. An investigation by the Garda Síochána into its own affairs proved that the allegations of corruption were correct. After several weeks of silence, Shatter publicly apologized to both of the whistleblowers in Dáil Éireann.
GSOC Bugging Affair.
In February 2014, the Irish edition of "The Sunday Times"' ran a series of stories claiming that the offices of the Garda Síochána Ombudsman Commission (GSOC) had been bugged with a variety of highly sophisticated bugging equipment available only to government-level actors. GSOC's sole responsibility is to investigate wrongdoing in the Irish police force, the Garda Síochána, and there was widespread speculation that the Garda, or some rogue members or former members were responsible for the bugging to forestall investigations. John Mooney, the journalist who wrote the story explicitly linked the bugging to GSOC's investigation of Garda handling of the case of Kieran Boylan, the convicted drug-runner who was assisted by gardaí in obtaining a passport, a haulage licence and had a prosecution for drug running terminated in extraordinary circumstances. Mooney reported that GSOC called in a specialist British counter-surveillance firm after a senior Garda, in a meeting with GSOC, let slip that he knew of information which GSOC staff had discussed including in a report, but had not actually included.
Shatter, as justice minister, has responsibility for both the Garda and GSOC. Statements he made in the aftermath of the revelation were sharply critical of GSOC, and made almost no mention of Garda behaviour. Shatter both questioned the conclusion that GSOC offices were bugged, and criticised it for not informing him of the bugging. He suggested GSOC offices had not bugged at all, suggesting that the source of the anomalies found was a WiFi signal from a nearby café, and he said that the Garda had been subjected to “baseless innuendo”.
Connections with Oliver Connolly.
Shatter appointed his campaign donor Oliver Connolly as the Garda Confidential Recipient, an office intended to receive complaints of wrongdoing confidentially from gardaí who have evidence of malpractice in the force. In February 2014, a transcript of a conversation between Connolly and Sergeant Maurice McCabe, a whistleblower emerged. In it, Connolly appeared to be repeatedly telling McCabe not to take any steps that would lead to the publication of wrongdoing that he was reporting. Connolly is quoted as saying “I’ll tell you something Maurice and this is just personal advice to you. If Shatter thinks your screwing him, you’re finished ... If Shatter thinks it’s you, if he thinks or is told by the Commissioner or the Gardaí here’s this guy again trying another route trying to put pressure on, he’ll go after you.” On 5 February 2014 these comments were read into the Dáil record by Mick Wallace, the independent TD.
Following the emergence of the GSOC bugging controversy, these comments were featured more prominently in news media. On 19 February, Shatter sacked Connolly as Garda Confidential Recipient.
Guerin Report and resignation.
On 7 May 2014, Shatter resigned as Minister for Justice and Equality and as Minister for Defence following receipt of the report of Seán Guerin into allegations made by Garda Sergeant Maurice McCabe.

</doc>
<doc id="2900615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900615" title="Castor (software)">
Castor (software)

Castor is an open source data binding framework for moving data from XML to Java programming language objects and from Java to databases.

</doc>
<doc id="2900616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900616" title="Tailwhip">
Tailwhip

The tailwhip is a bike trick typically performed on a BMX, in which the frame of the bike performs a complete rotation around the front end (bars and forks), which remains stationary throughout the move. The same trick may also be performed on a kick scooter.
To do the trick there are a few main methods: these both include whipping the bike around using your arms in a gyrating motion whilst holding the bars, but some riders also kick the bike with their back foot to give it extra momentum. It also helps if you approach a jump crooked, which will throw the bike from under, allowing you to start a tailwhip.
Variations.
Footplant tailwhip: Combination of footplant and tailwhip on any obstacle. The rider rides up to any obstacle that is capable of having a footplant done on it. The rider then whips the frame as he would normally with a tailwhip, but instead of keeping his legs sucked into his body, he puts one foot down in a footplant. The rider then waits for the frame to come a little past 180 degrees before he hops out of a footplant and prepares for the frame to complete its rotation before putting his feet on the pedals and riding away slowly.

</doc>
<doc id="2900620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900620" title="Kingdom of Iraq">
Kingdom of Iraq

The Kingdom of Iraq ( "Al-Mamlakah Al-'Irāqiyyah") was founded on 23 August 1921, under British administration following the defeat of the Ottoman Empire in the Mesopotamian campaign of WWI. Although a League of Nations mandate was awarded to Britain in 1920, the 1920 Iraqi revolt resulted in the scrapping of the original mandate plan in favor of British administered semi-independent kingdom, under the Hashemite allies of Britain, via the Anglo-Iraqi Treaty.
The kingdom of Iraq was granted full independence in 1932, following the Anglo-Iraqi Treaty (1930). The independent Iraqi Kingdom under the Hashemite rulers underwent a period of turbulence through its entire existence. Establishment of Sunni religious domination in Iraq was followed by Assyrian, Yazidi and Shi'a unrests, which were all brutally suppressed. In 1936, the first military coup took place in the Kingdom of Iraq, as Bakr Sidqi succeeded in replacing the acting Prime Minister with his associate. Multiple coups followed in a period of political instability, peaking in 1941.
During World War II, Iraqi regime of Regent 'Abd al-Ilah was overthrown in 1941 by the Golden Square officers, headed by Rashid Ali. The short living pro-Nazi government of Iraq was defeated in May 1941 by the allied forces in Anglo-Iraqi War. Iraq was later used as a base for allied attacks on Vichy-French held Mandate of Syria and support for the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Iran.
In 1945, Iraq joined the United Nations and became a founding member of the Arab League. At the same time, the Kurdish leader Mustafa Barzani led a rebellion against the central government in Baghdad. After the failure of the uprising Barzani and his followers fled to the Soviet Union. In 1948, massive violent protests, known as the Al-Wathbah uprising broke out across Baghdad as a popular demand against the government treaty with the British, and with communist part support. More protests continued in spring, but were interrupted in May, with the martial law, when Iraq entered the 1948 Arab-Israeli War along with other members of the Arab League.
In February 1958, King Hussein of Jordan and `Abd al-Ilāh proposed a union of Hāshimite monarchies to counter the recently formed Egyptian-Syrian union. The resulting Arab Federation, formed on 14 February 1958 was short-living. It ended in 1958, when the monarchy was overthrown in a military coup, led by Abd al-Karim Qasim.
History.
British administration.
Mandatory Mesopotamia was proposed as a League of Nations Class A mandate under Article 22 and entrusted to Britain, when the Ottoman Empire was divided in August 1920 by the Treaty of Sèvres, following World War I. However, the 1920 Iraqi revolt resulted in the scrapping of the original mandate plan in favor of British administered semi-independent kingdom, under the Hashemite allies of Britain, via the Anglo-Iraqi Treaty. Faisal ibn Husayn, who had been proclaimed King of Syria by a Syrian National Congress in Damascus in March 1920, was ejected by the French in July of the same year. Faisal was then granted the territory of Iraq, to rule it as a kingdom, with the British RAF retaining certain military control, though "de facto", the territory remained under British administration until 1932.
The civil government of postwar Iraq was headed originally by the High Commissioner, Sir Percy Cox, and his deputy, Colonel Arnold Wilson. British reprisals after the murder of a British officer in Najaf failed to restore order. British administration had yet to be established in the mountains of north Iraq. The most striking problem facing the British was the growing anger of the nationalists.
Independence.
With the signing of the Anglo-Iraqi Treaty and the settling of the Mosul question, Iraqi politics took on a new dynamic. The emerging class of Sunni and Shia landowning tribal sheikhs vied for positions of power with wealthy and prestigious urban-based Sunni families and with Ottoman-trained army officers and bureaucrats. Because Iraq's newly established political institutions were the creation of a foreign power, and because the concept of democratic government had no precedent in Iraqi history, the politicians in Baghdad lacked legitimacy and never developed deeply rooted constituencies. Thus, despite a constitution and an elected assembly, Iraqi politics was more a shifting alliance of important personalities and cliques than a democracy in the Western sense. The absence of broadly based political institutions inhibited the early nationalist movement's ability to make deep inroads into Iraq's diverse social structure.
The new Anglo-Iraqi Treaty was signed in June 1930. It provided for a "close alliance," for "full and frank consultations between the two countries in all matters of foreign policy," and for mutual assistance in case of war. Iraq granted the British the use of air bases near Basra and at Al Habbaniyah and the right to move troops across the country. The treaty, of twenty-five years' duration, was to come into force upon Iraq's admission to the League of Nations. This occurred on October 3, 1932.
In 1932, the Kingdom of Iraq was granted independence under King Faisal I. However the British retained military bases in the country. Iraq was granted official independence on October 3, 1932 in accordance with an agreement signed by the United Kingdom in 1930, whereby the United Kingdom would end its effective mandate on the condition that the Iraqi government would allow British advisers to take part in government affairs, allow British military bases to remain, and a requirement that Iraq assist the United Kingdom in wartime. Strong political tensions existed between Iraq and the United Kingdom even upon gaining independence. After gaining independence in 1932, the Iraqi government immediately declared that Kuwait was rightfully a territory of Iraq, as loosely been under the authority of the Ottoman vilâyet of Basra for centuries until the British had formally severed Kuwait from the Ottoman influence after World War I and thus stated that Kuwait was a British imperialist invention.
Political instability and army coups, 1933-1941.
After Faisal died in 1933, King Ghazi reigned as a figurehead from 1933 to 1939, when he was killed in a motor accident. Pressure from Arab nationalists and Iraqi nationalists demanded that the British leave Iraq, but their demands were ignored by the United Kingdom.
Upon achieving independence in 1932, political tensions arose over the continued British presence in Iraq, with Iraq's government and politicians split between those considered pro-British politicians such as Nuri as-Said, who did not oppose a continued British presence and anti-British politicians, such as Rashid Ali al-Gaylani, who demanded that remaining British influence in the country be removed.
Various ethnic and religious fractions tried to gain political accomplishments during this period, often resulting in violent revolts and a brutal suppression by Iraqi military, led by Bakr Sidqi. In 1933, hundreds of Assyrians were killed in Simele massacre, in 1935-1936 a series of Shi'a uprisings were brutally suppressed in mid-Euphrates region of Iraq, and in parallel an anti-conscription Kurdish uprising in the north and a Yazidi revolt in Jabal Sinjar were crushed in 1935. Throughout the period political instability led to exchange of numerous governments. Bakr Sidqi himself ascended to power in 1936, following a successful coup d'état.
From 1936 to 1941, five coups by the Iraqi Army occurred, led by the chief officers of the army against the government to pressure the government to concede to army demands.
Anglo-Iraqi War and Second British Occupation.
The 1941 Iraqi coup d'état overthrew Nuri as-Said and placed Rashid Ali al-Gaylani as prime minister of a pro-Nazi government. Ali did not overthrow the monarchy, but installed a more compliant Regent, and attempted to restrict the rights of the British under the treaty from 1930. Rashid Ali's attempted to secure control over Iraq asking assistance of Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy.
On April 30 the Iraqi Army established itself on the high ground to the south of the Habbaniya air force base. An Iraqi envoy was sent to demand that no movements, either ground or air, were to take place from the base. The British refused the demand and then themselves demanded that the Iraqi army leave the area at once. After a further ultimatum given in the early hours of May 2 expired, at 0500 hours the British began bombing the Iraqi troops threatening the base, marking the beginning of the Anglo-Iraqi War.
Hostilities lasted from May 2 to May 31, 1941 between Iraqis and the British and their indigenous Assyrian Levies. The British would continue to occupy Iraq for many years afterwards.
In the aftermath of the Iraqi defeat, a bloody Farhud massacre broke out in Baghdad on June 2, initiated by the Futuwwa youth and Rashid Ali's supporters, resulting in deaths of some 180 Jews and heavy damage to the Jewish community.
1941-1958.
After the Anglo-Iraqi War ended, Nuri as-Said returned as Prime Minister and dominated the politics of Iraq until the overthrow of the monarchy and his assassination in 1958. Nuri as-Said pursued a largely pro-western policy during this period.
Republic declared.
The Hashemite monarchy lasted until 1958, when it was overthrown through a coup d'état by the Iraqi Army, known as the 14 July Revolution. King Faisal II along with members of the royal family were executed. The coup brought Abd al-Karim Qasim to power. He withdrew from the Baghdad Pact and established friendly relations with the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="2900621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900621" title="CJAR">
CJAR

CJAR, known as CJ1240, is a commercial AM radio station located in The Pas, Manitoba. CJAR operates at 1240 kHz. It is part of the Arctic Radio Network (Arctic Radio (1982) Limited), with sister stations in Flin Flon (CFAR) and Thompson (CHTM). The station plays primarily adult contemporary music and Bradley Karp broadcasts OCN Blizzard hockey games.
History.
In 1974, CJAR began broadcasting at 1240 kHz on the AM dial with 1,000 watts day and 500 watts night.
In 1985, CJAR was given approval by the CRTC to increase night-time power from 500 watts to 1,000 watts. That same year, CJAR disaffiliated from the CBC Radio Network. CBC service was now available 
in the region via CBWJ-FM.
On March 12, 2013, the CRTC approved CJAR's application to convert to the FM band at 102.9 MHz, with an effective radiated power of 250 watts, non-directional antenna with an effective HAAT of 37.7 metres. The applicant also requested permission to maintain its AM transmitter as a repeater at the current specifications in order to rebroadcast the new FM station’s programming, which was granted.

</doc>
<doc id="2900624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900624" title="Štefánik's Observatory">
Štefánik's Observatory

Štefánik's Observatory () is an observatory on Petřín hill in the center of Prague founded 1928 and named after Slovak astronomer Milan Rastislav Štefánik. Nowadays the observatory specializes above all in popularization of astronomy and related natural sciences.
Technology.
The main telescopes of the observatory are a double refractor by Zeiss after the Viennese selenographer König placed in the main dome (bought in 1928) and a Maksutov-Cassegrain telescope installed in the western dome in 1976. The eastern dome of the observatory is only being used for scientific observations and since 1999 equipped with a 40 cm mirror telescope by Meade.

</doc>
<doc id="2900642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900642" title="St Conleth's Park">
St Conleth's Park

St Conleth's Park () is a GAA stadium in Newbridge, County Kildare, Ireland. It is one of the main grounds of Kildare's Gaelic football and hurling teams.
The ground formerly had a capacity of 13,000, but following a health and safety audit in 2011, this was reduced to 8,000 and subsequently to 6,200.

</doc>
<doc id="2900644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900644" title="Union of Conscientiously Work-Shy Elements">
Union of Conscientiously Work-Shy Elements

The Union of Conscientiously Work-Shy Elements () was an unusually successful frivolous political party in Denmark. It was founded in Aarhus in 1979 by a comedian, Jacob Haugaard (born 1952), and a few friends. Haugaard stood as a candidate in Aarhus in each parliamentary election, until in September 1994 he was very unexpectedly elected to the Folketing with 23,253 personal votes, thereby winning a "kredsmandat" (1 locally based seat in parliament).
He made the following promises in the 1994 election:
(The last three promises were actually fulfilled during his term in office.
While the party had been intended as a joke, he found himself often having the deciding vote in a hung parliament, and took his duties seriously until the parliamentary election in March 1998. He then announced his retirement from politics.

</doc>
<doc id="2900646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900646" title="World of Glass (album)">
World of Glass (album)

World of Glass is the third full-length album by Norwegian band Tristania. The album was released on 25 September 2001 by Napalm Records. As a result of Morten Veland leaving the band, the harsh vocals were sung by Ronny Thorsen, vocalist of Trail of Tears.

</doc>
<doc id="2900650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900650" title="Fana (Sufism)">
Fana (Sufism)

Fanaa ( "") is the Sufi term for "passing away" or "annihilation" (of the self). Fana represents a breaking down of the individual ego and a recognition of the fundamental unity of God, creation, and the individual self. Persons having entered this enlightened state obtain awareness of the intrinsic unity (Tawhid) between Allah and all that exists, including the individual's mind. It is coupled conceptually with baqaa, subsistence, which is the state of pure consciousness of and abidance in God.
The state of Fana is represented by Rumi in Book Six of the Masnavi where he writes:

</doc>
<doc id="2900655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900655" title="Saxophonics">
Saxophonics

Saxophonics (also spelled as saxaphonics) is the creation of sounds (both musical and non-musical) through the use of a saxophone and one or more electronic effects units, often altering the acoustic sound of the horn beyond recognition. Additionally, saxophonics often entails the use of altissimo, overtones, growling, and other extended techniques. The electronic effects may include distortion, doublers, loops, wah-wah, and tone generators.
Saxophonics is a recent term for techniques developed by saxophonists such as Eddie Harris and Sonny Stitt, who both began playing the Varitone saxophone during the 1960s. In addition to playing the Varitone, Eddie Harris had experimented with looping techniques on his 1968 album "Silver Cycles".
Rahsaan Roland Kirk often played several saxophones at once (though this technique has earlier roots in Wilbur Sweatman's vaudeville performances), and was a notable practitioner of circular breathing.
David Sanborn and Traffic member Chris Wood employed effects such as wah-wah and delay on various recordings during the 1970s.
Recent practitioners of saxophonics include Dana Colley (of Morphine) who, like Kirk, plays multiple saxophones simultaneously (tenor and baritone saxophone in Colley's case) and Skerik (Critters Buggin', "et al.") who employs numerous effects with tenor and baritone saxophone; Ben Ellman, who plays tenor and baritone saxophone in Galactic; and Cochemea Gastelum, who plays alto saxophone with Robert Walter's 20th Congress.
Saxophonics is also the name of at least one saxophone ensemble, such as one based in Wiltshire, and another in Newcastle upon Tyne.

</doc>
<doc id="2900657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900657" title="Sweet Dreams (La Bouche song)">
Sweet Dreams (La Bouche song)

"Sweet Dreams (Ola Ola E)" is a song recorded by German Eurodance group La Bouche. It was originally released in March 1994 as the lead single from their album of the same name. It was released in North America in January 1996. It reached number-one in both Italy and on the Canadian dance chart and peaked at number 13 in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2900660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900660" title="Francisco Miró Quesada Cantuarias">
Francisco Miró Quesada Cantuarias

Francisco Miró Quesada Cantuarias (21 December 1918 in Lima) is a contemporary Peruvian philosopher who disputes the summary of human nature on the basis that any collective assumption of human nature would be unfulfilling and leave the public with a negative result. He made his debut in 1941 with "Sentido del movimiento fenomenológico" ("Meaning of the phenomenological movement"). The term "paraconsistent logic" was coined by Miró Quesada at the Third Latin America Conference on Mathematical Logic in 1976.
After Miró Quesada graduated from the University of San Marcos with a doctorate in Philosophy, he began teaching there as a professor of Contemporary Philosophy. Later, in 1952, he was granted a scholarship by UNESCO to go to France, Italy, and England to study the formation of the secondary teaching staff. In 1953, he published the Sunday Supplement (el Suplemento Dominical).

</doc>
<doc id="2900665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900665" title="Conneff Park">
Conneff Park

Conneff Park is a GAA stadium in Clane, County Kildare, Ireland. It is one of the main grounds of Kildare GAA's hurling team. The ground is named after Tommy Conneff, an Irish athlete.

</doc>
<doc id="2900666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900666" title="Pons Fabricius">
Pons Fabricius

The Pons Fabricius (, meaning "Fabricius' Bridge") or Ponte dei Quattro Capi, is the oldest Roman bridge in Rome, Italy, still existing in its original state. Built in 62 BC, it spans half of the Tiber River, from the Campus Martius on the east side to Tiber Island in the middle (the Pons Cestius is west of the island). "Quattro Capi" ("four heads") refers to the two marble pillars of the two-faced Janus herms on the parapet, which were moved here from the nearby Church of St. Gregory (Monte Savello) in the 14th century.
According to Dio Cassius, the bridge was built in 62 BC, the year after Cicero was consul, to replace an earlier wooden bridge destroyed by fire. It was commissioned by Lucius Fabricius, the curator of the roads and a member of the gens Fabricia of Rome. Completely intact from Roman antiquity, it has been in continuous use ever since.
The Pons Fabricius has a length of 62 m, and is 5.5 m wide. It is constructed from two wide arches, supported by a central pillar in the middle of the stream. Its core is constructed of tuff. Its outer facing today is made of bricks and travertine.
Inscription.
An original inscription on the travertine commemorates its builder in Latin, "L . FABRICIVS . C . F . CVR . VIAR | FACIVNDVM . COERAVIT | IDEMQVE | PROBAVIT". (Lucius Fabricius, Son of Gaius, Superintendent of the road, took care and likewise approved that it be built) It is repeated four times: on each arch, on both sides of the bridge.
A later inscription, in smaller lettering, records that the bridge was later restored under Pope Innocent XI, probably in 1679.

</doc>
<doc id="2900669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900669" title="Annafest">
Annafest

The Annafest is a Franconian folk festival held yearly about 26 July (St. Anna's day) in the "Kellerwald" ("Cellar Woods") in the town of Forchheim. 
Annafest's history.
The local breweries Hebendanz, Greif, Eichhorn and Neder all brew a strong Bock beer specially for this festival, the so-called "Annafestbier". This is stored for several weeks before the festival begins.

</doc>
<doc id="2900691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900691" title="GER Class S56">
GER Class S56

The GER Class S56 was a class of 0-6-0T steam tank locomotives designed by James Holden for the Great Eastern Railway. Together with some rebuilt examples of GER Class R24, they passed to the London and North Eastern Railway at the grouping in 1923, and received the LNER classification J69.
History.
The Class S56 were a development of the Class R24, being almost identical, apart from higher boiler pressure and larger water tanks. Twenty were built in 1904 at Stratford Works.
All twenty passed to the LNER in 1923. Thirteen class J69 locomotives were lent to the War Department in October 1939, of which five had been built as Class S56. They were sold to the War Department in October 1940, where they were used on the Melbourne and Longmoor Military Railways. The remaining locomotives were renumbered 8617–8636 in order of construction; however gaps were left where the locomotives sold to the War Department would have been. At nationalisation in 1948, the remainder passed to British Railways, who added 60000 to their number. Post-war withdrawals started in 1958, and by 1962 all had been retired.
Preservation.
GER no. 87 (LNER 7087, 8633, BR 68633) has been preserved, initially at the Clapham Transport Museum, and now at the National Railway Museum. It is currently on display at Bressingham Steam Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="2900697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900697" title="Socialist League (Sweden)">
Socialist League (Sweden)

Socialist League (in Swedish: "Socialistiska Förbundet") was a Trotskyist organization in Sweden. SF was founded on December 15, 1979 when the 'Bolshevik Fraction' was expelled from the Communist Workers League (KAF, later the Socialist Party). The 'Bolshevik Fraction' within the United Secretariat of the Fourth International was formed in 1978, as an extension of the 'Bolshevik Tendency' formed in 1976.
SF was affiliated to the International Workers League (LIT) of Nahuel Moreno. SF published "Socialistiskt Perspektiv".
In 1982 SF was joined by the Program Tendency. PT had worked as a fraction within KAF but left to join SF. PT continued to work as a fraction within SF.
In 1985 PT launched the Workers Association of Malmberget, which won a seat in Gällivare in the municipal elections. Following the elections PT managed to take control over SF, partly by excluding a minority. The excluded minority soon split in two, but regrouped as Revolutionary Socialists in 1987.
Under PTs leadership SF became associated with a minority tendency within LIT. Later it left LIT altogether.
Ahead of the 1988 elections SF suffered another split. The SF decided to give critical support the candidacy of SP. PT, who had proposed a critical vote for the Social Democrats, refused to go along with this, and left to form the International Group.
In 1990 SF merged into the Workers List. As that project crumbled, the group originating from SF left it in 1993 and formed Workers List - Alternative. In 1994 the group rejoined SP.

</doc>
<doc id="2900699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900699" title="Frank Rutley">
Frank Rutley

Frank Rutley (1842 – 1904), an English geologist and petrographer, was born at Dover on 14 May 1842. He was educated partly at Bonn, but his interest in geology was kindled at the Royal School of Mines, where he studied from 1862-64. He then joined the army, and served as lieutenant until 1867, when he became an Assistant Geologist on the Geological Survey. 
Working in the Lake District, Rutley began to make a special study of rocks and rock-forming minerals, and soon qualified as acting petrographer on the Geological Survey. For several years be worked in this capacity at the Museum in Jermyn Street: he described the volcanic rocks of E. Somerset and the Bristol district in 1876, and wrote special memoirs on "The Eruptive Rocks of Brent Tor" (1878), and on "The Felsitic Lavas of England and Wales" (1885). 
Rutley was the author of an exceedingly useful little book on "Mineralogy" (1874; 12th ed., 1900); also of "The Study of Rocks" (1879; 2nd ed., 1881), "Rock-forming Minerals "(1888), and "Granites and Greenstones" (1894); and of a number of petrographical papers, dealing with perlitic and spherulitic structures, with the rocks of the Malvern Hills, etc. In 1882 he was appointed lecturer on mineralogy in the Royal College of Science, and held this post until ill-health compelled him to retire in 1898. He died in London on 16 May 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="2900700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900700" title="Be My Lover">
Be My Lover

"Be My Lover" is a song recorded by German Eurodance group La Bouche. It was released in March 1995 as the second single from their album, "Sweet Dreams".
It is one of their biggest hits alongside their other major hit "Sweet Dreams". This song was dubbed into many megamix tracks and has had remix versions. It reached number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. It also topped the American dance chart for two weeks in December 1995 and hit number one in Australia, Germany and Sweden.
Two different music videos were made for this song, a first (European version), which is filmed in the city in night, which presents Melanie Thornton which has shown in black outfit when is singing back on the moving vehicle, and a second (American version), which is filmed in the television studio, which presents her which has shown in purple outfit when is singing with microphone.
Usage in media.
The song was played in the 1995 Brazilian soap opera "A Próxima Vítima", in the 1997 movie "Romy and Michele's High School Reunion", in the 1998 movie "A Night at the Roxbury", in the 1999 movie "Earthly Possessions", in an episode of the sitcom "Step by Step". It was also spoofed as "One Zero 001" on the computers-themed episode of "Bill Nye the Science Guy" and used in Audition Online Dance Battle as a song. It can be vaguely heard in the background in the "World's Greatest Dick" episode of the "3rd Rock from the Sun", in the Gay Bar that Sally and Harry walk into at the beginning of the episode.
In 2003, the song was covered by Hysterie. In 2013, Romanian dance pop singer Inna covered the song for her third studio album "Party Never Ends" and released it as an official single.
Track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Be My Lover".

</doc>
<doc id="2900719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900719" title="Energy derivative">
Energy derivative

An energy derivative is a derivative contract based on (derived from) an underlying energy asset, such as natural gas, crude oil, or electricity. Energy derivatives include exchange-traded contracts such as futures and options, and over-the-counter (privately negotiated) derivatives such as forwards, swaps and options. Major players in the energy derivative markets include major trading houses, oil companies, utilities, financial institutions. Energy derivatives have received criticism after the 2008 financial collapse, critics cite evidence that the market artificially inflates the price of oil and other energy providers. See Exotic derivatives.
Definition.
The basic building blocks for all derivative contracts are the Futures and swaps contracts. For the energy markets these are traded in New York NYMEX, in Tokyo TOCOM and on-line through IntercontinentalExchange. A future is a contract to deliver or receive oil (in the case of an oil future) at a defined point in the future. The price is agreed on the date the deal/agreement/bargain is struck together with volume, duration, and contract index. The price for the futures contract at the date of delivery (contract expiry date) may be different. At the expiry date, depending upon the contract specification the 'futures' owner may either deliver/receive a physical amount of oil (this is a rare occurrence), they may settle in cash against an expiration price set by the exchange, or they may close out the contract prior to expiry and pay or receive the difference in the two prices. In futures markets you always trade with a formal exchange, every participant has the same counterpart.
A swap is an agreement whereby a floating price is exchanged for a fixed price over a specified period. It is a financial arrangement that involves no transfer of physical oil; both parties settle their contractual obligations by means of a transfer of cash. The agreement defines the volume, duration, fixed price, and reference index for the floating price (e.g., ICE Brent). Differences are settled in cash for specific periods usually monthly, but sometimes quarterly, semi-annually or annually. 
Swaps are also known as "contracts for differences" and as "fixed-for-floating" contracts - terms which summarize the essence of these financial arrangements. The amount of cash is determined as the difference between the price struck at the initiation of the swap and the settlement of the index. In a swap contract, you trade with your counterpart (a company/institution/individual) and take risk on their capacity to pay you any amount that may be due at settlement. Thus, investors should carefully enter into a swap agreement with other party considering all these parameters.
History.
The first energy derivatives covered petroleum products and emerged after the fundamental restructuring of the world petroleum market in the 1970s. At roughly the same time, energy products began trading on derivatives exchange with crude oil, heating oil, and gasoline futures on NYMEX and gas oil and Brent crude on the International Petroleum Exchange (IPE).
Applications.
There are 3 principal applications for the energy derivative markets:
Risk Management.
This describes the process used by corporates, governments, and financial institutions to reduce their risk exposures to the movement of oil prices. The classic example is the activity of an airline company, jet fuel consumption represents up to 23% of all costs and fluctuations can affect airlines significantly. The airline seeks to protect itself from rises in the jet fuel price in the future. 
In order to do this, it purchases a swap or a call option linked to the jet fuel market from an institution prepared to make prices in these instruments. Any subsequent rise in the jet price for the period is protected by the derivative transaction. A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will fund the financial loss incurred by any rise in the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
That said, there are limitations to be considered when using energy derivatives to manage risk. A key consideration is that there is a limited range of derivatives available for trading. Continuing from the earlier example, if that company uses a specialized form of jet fuel, for which no derivatives are freely available, they may wish to create an approximate hedge, by buying derivatives based on the price of a similar fuel, or even crude oil. When these hedges are constructed, there is always the risk of unanticipated movement between the item actually being hedged (crude oil), and the source of risk the hedge is intended to minimize (the specialized jet fuel).

</doc>
<doc id="2900732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900732" title="Austin Daily Herald">
Austin Daily Herald

The Austin Daily Herald is a general circulation newspaper publishing Monday-Friday afternoons, Saturday and Sunday mornings. Distribution is 7,000, mostly within Austin, Minnesota. It also publishes the "Early Edition" which is distributed to 16,000 households on Sundays free of charge.

</doc>
<doc id="2900733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900733" title="Stan Cullis">
Stan Cullis

Stanley Cullis (25 October 1916 – 28 February 2001) was a professional footballer and manager, primarily for Wolverhampton Wanderers. During his term as manager between 1948 and 1964, Wolves became one of the strongest teams in the British game, winning the league title on three occasions, and playing a series of high-profile friendly matches against top European sides which acted as a precursor to the European Cup.
Playing career.
Cullis joined Wolverhampton Wanderers as a teenager after a trial at Bolton Wanderers, signing professionally within a week of his arrival. He quickly moved up through the youth and reserve ranks and made his senior debut on 16 February 1935 in a 2–3 defeat at Huddersfield Town. He had to wait until the 1936–37 season though before he became first choice, when he replaced Bill Morris, and swiftly became club captain.
Cullis led the team to become one of the top teams in England, finishing runners-up in the league in 1938 and 1939. In 1939 Wolves had the chance to win The Double, but with only 5 wins in the last 11 matches the team lost the championship by 5 points to Everton, and reaching the FA Cup Final then losing 4–1 to Portsmouth saw Wolves become the third English club to achieve "The Double Horror".
When the Second World War started it took away many of the best years of Cullis's career.
He won a call-up to the England team and made his international debut on 23 October 1937 in a 5–1 success against Ireland. Because of the outbreak of the war, he won only 12 full caps (once as captain), although he also played in 20 wartime internationals (10 as captain).
It was claimed that when England played Germany in Berlin on 14 May 1938, Cullis refused to join the rest of his team mates in performing a Nazi salute prior to the match. Cullis, the only player to refuse, was dropped from the team; England won the match 6–3.
During the conflict, he served as a PT instructor in both Britain and Italy, and also managed 34 wartime appearances for Wolves in regional competitions, as well as guesting for Aldershot, Fulham and Liverpool. Shortly after, he also managed briefly Fredrikstad in 1946.
When competitive football resumed in England in 1946–47, Cullis played just one more season for Wolves, in which the club once again narrowly missed out on a first league title. He then announced his retirement as a result of injury and was appointed assistant to manager Ted Vizard, after having made 171 appearances in total for the club.
Management career.
In June 1948, aged just 31, Cullis became manager of Wolves and presided over the most successful era in the club's history. In his first season in charge, he became the youngest manager to win the FA Cup at Wembley as Wolves beat Leicester City to win their first major trophy since 1908. Five years later Wolves overhauled local rivals West Bromwich Albion to win their first league title. 
Cullis' team restored some pride to English football after the national team's thrashings at the hands of Hungary when they beat the star-studded Honvéd side in a friendly (1954), and Cullis's comments that his team were "champions of the world" played a large part in the formation of European club competitions. They also played Moscow Spartak, Dynamo and Real Madrid (1957) in other floodlit friendlies.
Cullis led Wolves to two more league titles, in 1958 and 1959, and they narrowly missed the hat-trick in 1960 by losing by 1 point to Burnley, while also winning the FA Cup again in 1960, avoiding a repeat of the 1939 Double Horror season (when they were runners-up in both the League and Cup), to seal their position as one of the dominant teams of the era. The 1960s saw Wolves begin to struggle, and Cullis was surprisingly sacked in September 1964, declaring that he would not work in football again, despite an offer from Juventus. 
After a short spell working as a sales representative, he did return to the game as manager of Birmingham City in December 1965, but could not reproduce the success he had enjoyed at Wolves. Cullis retired from football in March 1970, and took up a post with a travel agency in Malvern, his adopted home town.
Later life.
Cullis died on 28 February 2001 at the age of 84.
Tributes to Cullis include the naming of a stand (the Stan Cullis Stand) at Wolves' Molineux Stadium and a statue of him outside it; in 2003 he was inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame in recognition of his impact as a manager.
Bill Shankly tribute.
In his 1976 autobiography, Bill Shankly paid high tribute to Cullis, saying: "While Stan was volatile and outrageous in what he said, he never swore. And he could be as soft as mash. He would give you his last penny. Stan was 100 per cent Wolverhampton. His blood must have been of old gold. He would have died for Wolverhampton. Above all, Stan is a very clever man who could have been successful at anything. When he left Wolverhampton, I think his heart was broken and he thought the whole world had come down on top of him. All round, as a player, as a manager, and for general intelligence, it would be difficult to name anyone since the game began who could qualify to be in the same class as Stan Cullis."

</doc>
<doc id="2900740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900740" title="Danielle">
Danielle

Danielle is the French female variant of the male name Daniel, meaning "God is my judge" in the Hebrew language. The name appears in the Bible, where Daniel survives a night in a den of lions. The more common feminine version is "Daniella" or "Daniela" which is used in English-, German-, Italian-, Portuguese- and Spanish-speaking countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2900754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900754" title="Regions of Burkina Faso">
Regions of Burkina Faso

Burkina Faso is divided into 13 administrative regions:
These regions are divided into 45 provinces and subdivided into 301 communes.

</doc>
<doc id="2900758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900758" title="Battle of the Oder–Neisse">
Battle of the Oder–Neisse

The Battle of the Oder–Neisse is the German name for the initial (operational) phase of one of the last two strategic offensives conducted by the Red Army in the Campaign in Central Europe (1 January – 9 May) during World War II. Its initial breakthrough phase was fought over four days, from 16 April until 19 April 1945, within the larger context of the Battle of Berlin. The Soviet military planners divide the frontal and pincer phases of the operation, named Berlin Strategic Offensive Operation into:
The battle included heavy fighting by the three Fronts of the Marshals of Soviet Union Konstantin Rokossovsky's 2nd Belorussian Front, Georgy Zhukov's 1st Belorussian Front and Ivan Konev's 1st Ukrainian Front, that assaulted the defending Wehrmacht Army Group Vistula commanded by Colonel-General (Generaloberst) Gotthard Heinrici and Field Marshal Ferdinand Schörner's Army Group Centre.
Combat operations.
Most of the fighting took place during 1st Belorussian Front's assault on the Seelow Heights, that were defended by the German 9th Army (part of Army Group Vistula), in what became known as the "Battle of the Seelow Heights". 1st Ukrainian Front encountered much lighter resistance crossing the Neisse to penetrate defensive lines of Army Group Centre.
In the early hours on 16 April 1945, the Berlin Strategic Offensive Operation began with a massive bombardment by thousands of artillery pieces and Katyusha rockets in a barrage which was sustained for as long as two hours on some sectors of the front. Shortly afterwards and well before dawn, the 1st Belorussian Front attacked across the Oder, and the 1st Ukrainian Front attacked across the Neisse. The 1st Belorussian Front was strengthened because it had the more difficult assignment and was facing the majority of the German forces in prepared defences.
Battle of the Seelow Heights.
The initial attack by the 1st Belorussian Front was a disaster; Heinrici anticipated the move and withdrew his defenders from the first line of trenches just before the Red Army artillery obliterated them. The light from 143 searchlights, which were intended to blind the defenders, was diffused by the early morning mist and made useful silhouettes of the attacking Red Army formations. The swampy ground proved to be a great hindrance and under a German counter-barrage, Red Army casualties were very heavy. Frustrated by the slow advance, or perhaps on the direct orders of the Stavka ("Headquarters"), Zhukov threw in his reserves, which in his plan were to have been held back to exploit the expected breakthrough. By early evening, an advance of almost six kilometres had been achieved in some areas, but the German lines remained relatively intact.
Zhukov was forced to report that the Seelow Heights offensive was not going as planned. Stalin, to spur Zhukov, told him that he would give Konev permission to wheel his tank armies towards Berlin from the south. On the second day, the 1st Belorussian Front staff were reduced to combing the rear areas for any troops which could be thrown into the battle. The Red Army tactic of using a dense concentration of firepower was providing the usual results. By nightfall of 17 April, the German front before Zhukov remained unbroken, but only just.
On 18 April, both Soviet Fronts made steady progress, but Red Army losses were substantial. By nightfall, the 1st Belorussian Front had reached the third and final German line of defence.
On the fourth day of the battle, 19 April, the 1st Belorussian Front broke through the final line of the Seelow Heights with nothing except severely depleted, withdrawing German formations between its troops and Berlin. The remnants of General Theodor Busse's 9th Army, which had been holding the heights, and the remaining northern flank of the 4th Panzer Army, were in danger of being enveloped by elements of the 1st Ukrainian Front.
While the 1st Belorussian Front encircled Berlin, the 1st Ukrainian Front started the battle for the city itself. Rokossovsky's 2nd Belorussian Front started his offensive to the north of Berlin. On 20 April, between Stettin and Schwedt, Rokossovsky's 2nd Belorussian Front attacked the northern flank of Army Group Vistula, held by the III Panzer Army. By 22 April, the 2nd Belorussian Front had established a bridgehead on the west bank of the Oder over 15 km deep, and was heavily engaged with the III Panzer Army.
Cottbus-Potsdam Offensive Operation.
In the south, the attack by the 1st Ukrainian Front was keeping to plan because Army Group Centre (under the command of General Ferdinand Schörner) was not providing as much opposition as that faced by Zhukov's troops. 4th Panzer Army on the north flank of his formation was falling back under the weight of the 1st Ukrainian Front Attack. Two Panzer divisions on the southern flank were retained in reserve for possible need in the centre of the Army Group front, and were not available for use to shore up the 4th Panzer Army. This was the turning point in the battle, because by nightfall the positions of both the Army Group Vistula and southern sectors of Army Group Centre were becoming untenable. Unless they fell back in line with the 4th Panzer Army, they faced envelopment. In effect, Konev's successful attacks on Schörner's poor defences to the south of the Seelow Heights positions were unhinging Heinrici's defence.
On 18 April, the 1st Ukrainian Front, having captured the city of Forst, was preparing to break out into the relatively flat terrain.
Elements of the 3rd Guards, 3rd and 4th Guards Tank Armies, which were the Front's Cavalry Mechanized Group, having exploited the breach in the 4th Panzer Army sector of the front, and turned north between Seyda and Jüterbog towards a meeting with the 1st Belorussian Front west of Berlin.
Spremberg-Torgau Offensive.
Other Armies of the 1st Ukrainian Front's southern flank attacked west linking up with the Americans. That would be remembered later as the "meeting at Torgau" when the 58th Guards Division of the 5th Guards Army, part of 1st Ukrainian Front, made contact with the US 69th Infantry Division of the First Army near Torgau, Germany on the Elbe River., reaching the Mulde by 8 May.
Stettin-Rostock Offensive Operation.
On 25 April, the second Belorussian Front broke through 3rd Panzer's line around the bridgehead south of Stettin and crossed the Randow swamp on the Gramzow area. They were now free to move west towards the British 21st Army Group, and north towards the Baltic ports of Stralsund and Rostock.
Results.
By the end of 19 April, the German eastern front line north of Frankfurt around the Seelow and to the south around Frost had ceased to exist. These breakthroughs allowed the two Red Army Fronts to envelop large parts of the German 9th and 4th Panzer Armies in a large pocket 37 km east of Frankfurt that attempted to follow the Oder-Spree Canal to Berlin. Attempts by the 9th Army to break out to the west would result in the Battle of Halbe.
Operational statistics.
The cost to the Red Army in making this initial breakthrough was very high. Between 1 April and 19 April, the Red Army lost over 2,807 tanks. During the same period, the Allies in the west lost 1,079 tanks.

</doc>
<doc id="2900759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900759" title="Rustum Ghazaleh">
Rustum Ghazaleh

Rustum Ghazaleh (رستم غزالة also transl. from Arabic as Rostom Ghazale, Rustom Ghazalah, Rustom Ghazali, etc.; born 3 May 1953) is a Syrian military and intelligence officer.
Early life.
Ghazaleh was born into a Sunni family in a village in Daraa province on 3 May 1953.
Career.
Ghazaleh joined the Syrian Arab Army as a first lieutenant and platoon commander of a mechanized infantry (BMP-1) unit in 1973, just in time for the Yom Kippur War but did not see frontline combat. He later trained in artillery and military intelligence in the Soviet Union. He was later an artillery spotter and commander of a mechanized battallion during the Lebanese Civil War. He was appointed by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in December 2002 to succeed late Ghazi Kanaan as head of Syrian military intelligence in Lebanon. He frequently traveled to the Bekaa valley where he had a residence and his headquarters in Anjar, and has been accused of involvement in the Bekaa drug trade and other smuggling ventures.
In early 2005, the killing of Rafik Hariri led to intense pressure on Syria. Ghazale's and Kanaan's foreign assets were frozen by the United States for their role in the alleged occupation of Lebanon and other suspected irregularities. Syria eventually withdrew its 15,000 man strong army. Ghazaleh relocated to Syria. However, some Lebanese and foreign observers alleged that Syria keeps interfering with Lebanese politics through parts of its intelligence apparatus left behind in the country; Syria denies the charges. Kanaan later allegedly committed suicide.
In September 2005, Ghazaleh was questioned on the Hariri assassination by United Nations investigator Detlev Mehlis. In December 2005, former Syrian vice president Abdul Halim Khaddam accused Ghazaleh of political corruption, dictatorial rule in Lebanon and of threatening Hariri prior to his death. After the withdrawal from Lebanon little was heard of him. However, at the beginning of the protests in Daraa, Ghazaleh was sent by Bashar al-Assad to assure locals of the president's good intentions. He reportedly told them: "We have released the children" - a reference to several teenagers who were arrested for writing anti-regime graffiti inspired by the events in Egypt and Tunisia. In May 2011, the European Union said Ghazaleh was head of military intelligence in Damascus countryside (Rif Dimashq) governorate, which borders Daraa governorate, and was involved in the repression of dissent in the region. He is considered part of Assad's inner circle.
On 24 July 2012, Ghazali was appointed chief of political security.

</doc>
<doc id="2900766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900766" title="George Tierney">
George Tierney

George Tierney PC (20 March 1761 – 25 January 1830) was an English Whig politician.
Background and education.
Born in Gibraltar, Tierney was the son of Thomas Tierney, a wealthy Irish merchant of London, who was living in Gibraltar as prize agent. He was sent to Eton and Peterhouse, Cambridge, where he took the degree of Law in 1784. He was called to the bar from Lincoln's Inn in the same year, but abandoned law and plunged into politics.
Political career.
Tierney contested Colchester in 1788, when both candidates received the same number of votes, but Tierney was declared elected. He was, however, defeated in 1790. He sat for Southwark from 1796 to 1806, and then represented in turn Athlone (1806–1807), Bandon (1807–1812), Appleby (1812–1818), and Knaresborough (1818–1830). 
When Charles James Fox seceded from the House of Commons, Tierney became a prominent opponent of William Pitt's policy. In May 1798, Pitt accused him of want of patriotism. A duel ensued at Putney Heath on Sunday, 27 May 1798; but neither combatant was injured. 
In 1803, Tierney, partly because peace had been ratified with France, and partly because Pitt was out of office, joined the ministry of Henry Addington as Treasurer of the Navy, and was created a Privy Councillor; but this alienated many of his supporters among the middle classes, and offended most of the influential Whigs. On the death of Fox, he joined (1806) the Grenville ministry as President of the Board of Control, with a seat in the cabinet, and thus brought himself once more into line with the Whigs. 
About a year after the death of George Ponsonby in 1817, Tierney reluctantly became the recognised leader of the opposition in the House of Commons. 
At first he was successful, with Whig gains being made at the 1818 general election. 
On 18 May 1819, Tierney moved a motion in the House of Commons for a committee on the state of the nation. This motion was defeated by 357 to 178, which was a division involving the largest number of MPs until the debates over the Reform bill in the early 1830s. 
Foord comments that "this defeat put an effective end to Tierney's leadership... Tierney did not disclaim the leadership till 23 Jan. 1821 ..., but he had ceased to exercise its functions since the great defeat".
In George Canning's ministry, he was Master of the Mint, and when Lord Goderich succeeded to the lead Tierney was admitted to the cabinet; but he was already suffering from ill-health and died suddenly at Savile Row, London.

</doc>
<doc id="2900771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900771" title="LMR 600 Gordon">
LMR 600 Gordon

Longmoor Military Railway number 600 "Gordon" is a preserved British steam locomotive. It was built during World War II to the War Department "Austerity" 2-10-0 design by the North British Locomotive Co. at its Hyde Park Works in Glasgow in 1943, and was the last steam locomotive owned by the British Army. The middle driving wheels of the class have no flange, to ease turning on tighter tracks. Number 600 was only the second engine to emerge from a class that eventually numbered 150 engines. 
Naming.
The Locomotive was named in honour of the Royal Engineers' most famous General, Charles Gordon ("Gordon of Khartoum").
Post-war service.
After the war it was used by the Royal Engineers on the Longmoor Military Railway in Hampshire, UK. When the LMR closed in 1969 it was preserved on the Severn Valley Railway, arriving there in 1972 and operating on and from 29 July of that year. In May 1980 it took part in the Locomotive Parade at Rocket 150, the 150th Anniversary of the opening of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway at Rainhill.
Current status.
On 25 July 2008 this locomotive was formally handed-over by the Army to the Severn Valley Railway, who had been looking after it in a caretaker capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="2900775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900775" title="Arthur K. Cebrowski">
Arthur K. Cebrowski

Vice Admiral (ret.) Arthur K. Cebrowski (August 13, 1942 – November 12, 2005) was a United States Navy admiral. He also who served from October 2001 to January 2005 as Director of the Office of Force Transformation in the U.S. Department of Defense. In this position, he was responsible for serving as an advocate, focal point, and catalyst for the transformation of the United States military.
Early life and Naval career.
Cebrowski was born in Passaic, New Jersey to a Polish American family. He was a 1964 graduate of Villanova University, held a Masters Degree in Computer Systems Management from the Naval Postgraduate School and attended the Naval War College. 
He entered the Navy through the Reserve Officers Training Corps in 1964. 
He was a Naval Aviator and commanded Fighter Squadron 41 and Carrier Air Wing EIGHT. He commanded the assault ship USS "Guam", the aircraft carrier USS "Midway", and the USS "America" Battle Group. In December 1993, as a RADM(L), he was commanding Carrier Group Six.
He had combat experience in Vietnam and Desert Storm. His Joint assignments included service as the Director, Command, Control, Communications and Computers (J-6), Joint Staff.
Admiral Cebrowski retired from the Navy on October 1, 2001 with over 37 years of service, after serving as the President of the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.
Office of Force Transformation.
The Secretary of Defense called for the creation of the Office of Force Transformation in support of President George W. Bush’s broad mandate to transform the Nation’s military capabilities. The transformation process was intended to challenge the status quo with new concepts for American defense to ensure an overwhelming and continuing competitive advantage for America’s military for decades to come. Cebrowski was appointed by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld effective October 29, 2001, reporting directly to the Secretary and Deputy Secretary of Defense. 
As Director of Force Transformation, Admiral Cebrowski worked to link transformation to strategic functions, evaluated the transformation efforts of the Military Departments, and promoted synergy by recommending steps to integrate ongoing transformation activities. Among his primary responsibilities, Admiral Cebrowski monitored Service and Joint experimentation programs and made policy recommendations to the Secretary and Deputy Secretary of Defense.
Vice Admiral Cebrowski died on November 12, 2005, aged 63.

</doc>
<doc id="2900788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900788" title="Roulette (DC Comics)">
Roulette (DC Comics)

Roulette is a supervillainess in the DC Comics universe.
Fictional character biography.
Roulette's grandmother was a Golden Age villain of the same name, who ran a conventional casino and fought Mister Terrific (Terry Sloane). The current Roulette believes Terry Sloane to be her grandfather, but it is indicated that her grandfather was actually Terry’s brother Ned. Both Roulette and Ned have been added into Mr. Terrific's history, and do not appear in the original stories. Having encountered the second Mister Terrific during one of her schemes, she has come to view him as an unworthy successor to Sloane. 
Her casino ("The House") is a superhuman gladiatorial arena, capturing heroes with teleporter technology similar to Holt's T-Spheres, and pitting them against each other, while various supervillains bet on the outcome.
In her debut, she captured most of the current Justice Society and forced them to fight each other; Mr. Terrific and Dr. Mid-Nite were forced to play a chess game where the loser would be electrocuted, Sand and Hawkman had to reach Hawkgirl while infected with a fast-acting lethal virus (of which Kendra had enough of the cure for one) while Black Adam clashed with Atom Smasher. 
However, all managed to escape their traps; Black Adam and Atom Smasher's fight lasted so long that the mind-controlling drugs used on them to heighten their hostility towards each other wore off, Sand remained in his earth form to slow the spread of the virus until another cure could be found by Dr. Mid-Nite, and Mr. Terrific and Dr. Mid-Nite managed to reach a draw in their chess game, destroying the electronic board while the game re-set itself. Roulette teleported them away before they could capture her, however.
A wall of fallen heroes was the only indication of the many DC Comics heroes who had been killed in battle in "The House." The names include Firebrand, Impala, Maxi-Man, Ram of the New Guardians, Flyboy and the Hybrid (minus Pteradon).
Roulette and the House reappear in "Formerly Known As The Justice League", in which she captures the Super Buddies. The subliminal programming which prevented heroes escaping fails to work on Fire because her native language is Portuguese, and she releases the others. When this is followed by Mary Marvel shorting out her aggressor chip due to extreme stress, Roulette decides they have won and orders them teleported away.
Post Infinite Crisis/One Year Later.
She has appeared in "JSA Classified" (#19, Jan 2007). Dr. Mid-Nite had infiltrated her current fight club location in search of information regarding purported organ-napping. She agreed to give him information only if he beat her bodyguard in a game of arm wrestling. He did so, using his knowledge of nerves and their debilitation, and though she felt he had "cheated" she gave him the name of a model who had surgically implanted wings. After Dr. Mid-Nite left, she called the owner of the surgical clinic, who later proved to be Delores Winters, and told her of the hero's investigation into the implants and operations.
Roulette also appears in "The Brave and the Bold" #1 (2007), with Firebug's gauntlets, attempting to destroy the fabled Book of Destiny, until an alien villain with a probability-based weapon steals it from her; it transpires she had been dating the thief of the book, and that she had read the book. This took a serious blow to her sanity, as she saw too much of the future to withstand the information.
In the "Justice League of America" vol. 2, #35 (Sept. 2009) story "Royal Pain", Roulette has a game going with Amos Fortune. They each play with cards that represent the JLA and the Royal Flush Gang; in turn, they each bet that one can beat the other, respectively. Eventually, though, it is revealed that Roulette was merely gathering data on the JLA, Fortune and his Gang. She is shown to be working—perhaps against her will—under the Key, and his as-yet-unknown master.
Powers and abilities.
Roulette has no apparent superhuman abilities, but is a genius when calculating odds and gambling winnings . Roulette has robot security dogs (designed like the guard dogs of Apokolips), automated security devices, a series of death traps, and at least one metahuman on staff who can negate super-powers.
The pins she uses to tie her hair up in a bun also double as daggers for close combat.

</doc>
<doc id="2900793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900793" title="Another Night (song)">
Another Night (song)

"Another Night" is a song by German Eurodance group Real McCoy from their album "Another Night". It was one of their biggest hits, reaching number 18 in Germany, number three on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in the U.S. during the holiday season of 1994-1995, number two on the UK Singles Chart and number one on the Australian ARIA Chart. In the U.S., the single was certified Platinum by the RIAA, spent 40 weeks in the Top 40, and became the best-selling single by a German act in U.S. rock history. It was produced by the Berman Brothers and AxelFF (Axel Wernecke) at the Boogie Park Studios Hamburg. It was mixed by Andreas "Boogieman" Herbig.
"Another Night" was inspired by Roni Griffith's "Desire", the Coca-Cola theme tune and "More and More" by Captain Hollywood Project.
In "Billboard" Magazine's Top 100 songs of the first 50 years of the Hot 100, "Another Night" was ranked at number 91. As a number three hit, it is the lowest ranked song to be listed on this chart. The song also brought the group the distinction of having the longest run at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 (11 non-consecutive weeks).
Lyrical content.
In the song, the female vocalist, Karin Kasar, longs to be with the anonymous individual she encounters every night in her dreams. Olaf Jeglitza backs up this notion as the man's voice in the woman's head, saying the things she wants to hear and promising to fulfill her desires. However, each dawn brings pain to the vocalist, as she realizes "when the night is gone, I'll be alone".
Music Videos.
Two videos were shot for this song.
Original Version.
O-Jay is Real McCoy, the DJ of a pirate radio station which is powered by four men with handcycle-mounted generators. Patsy Petersen (lip-syncing Karin Kasar's vocals) is driving around town on her moped, mounting posters promoting McCoy's radio broadcasts while listening to the broadcast on a boombox. She is attracted to McCoy's voice and image, but has apparently never met him. As McCoy leaves his hidden studio after another night's broadcast, he walks by Petersen on her moped; recognizing him, she turns for a quick moment, and then rides on.
European Version.
This version features two automatons - one male, one female - with an appearance inspired by the film "Metropolis". They are communicating with each other by videophone; their conversation is intercut with dance sequences from black-and-white movies of the 1920s and 1930s, as well as color snippets of O-Jay and Petersen performing. The automatons are also able to view each other directly, the male with a binocular headset and the female with a telescope. As the song progresses, the stiff movements of the automatons become more fluid and dance-like. At the end of the video, the two automatons meet, dance, and walk away together, arm in arm.

</doc>
<doc id="2900798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900798" title="Beyond the Poseidon Adventure">
Beyond the Poseidon Adventure

Beyond the Poseidon Adventure is a 1979 American disaster film, a sequel to the 1972 film "The Poseidon Adventure". It was directed by Irwin Allen and starred Michael Caine and Sally Field. The film was a critical and commercial failure, and was the only Allen disaster film not to receive any Academy Award nominations.
Plot.
The film continues the story from the original movie's conclusion. The "Poseidon" is still afloat, and the six survivors of Reverend Scott's team have been rescued. Cockney tugboat captain Mike Turner (Michael Caine) discovers the shipwreck. Accompanied by second mate Wilbur (Karl Malden) and passenger Celeste Whitman (Sally Field), he heads out to claim salvage rights, as the tugboat "Jenny" lost her cargo in the same storm that capsized the "Poseidon".
They are soon followed by Dr. Stefan Svevo (Telly Savalas) and his crew, who claim to be Greek Orthodox medics who received the ship's SOS. They board the doomed vessel and become trapped after the entrance collapses. The group with Turner also encounters the ship's nurse, Gina Rowe, a passenger named Suzanne Constantine, and war veteran Frank Mezzetti who is searching for his missing daughter (Theresa Mezzetti), whom they soon find along with the elevator operator Larry Simpson and as well as a "billionaire" named "Tex". Later they find the blind Harold Meredith and his wife Hannah, who were waiting to be rescued.
Water continues to submerge decks and more explosions occur. Turner and his group find the purser's office, where Svevo decides he and his men will continue their search for other survivors. Turner agrees and Svevo, and his men leave in another direction. Another explosion causes the safe in the purser's office to fall through the floor and open, revealing gold coins (each worth 100 times its weight in gold) and cash. Turner and Wilbur excitedly gather it and start looking for another way out of the ship. Unknown to Turner and the survivors, Suzanne was actually working with Svevo and sneaked a list containing information about a cargo of crates from the purser's office. She gives it to Svevo but decides she no longer wants to go through with his plan. Svevo apologizes and orders Doyle, one of his men, to kill Suzanne. He shoots her, but she strikes him with an axe before she dies.
After climbing up a few decks, Turner and his group find Svevo and his men gathering a cargo of plutonium. Svevo reveals that his real intention for boarding the "Poseidon" was to retrieve his lost shipment of plutonium, adding that he can't let Turner and his group go now. However, before they can kill Turner and his group, another explosion occurs, allowing them to escape through another cargo room full of cars, where another of Svevo's men is killed. Water floods the deck as Turner's group proceed to up to the next deck, but Hannah falls into the rising water and drowns. Turner also loses all of his salvaged gold. Svevo and his one remaining gunman head back up to the ship's stern, where the rest of Svevo's team attempt to use a crane to raise the plutonium up to the hull of the ship, which is still above water but is slowly sinking.
In another section of the ship, Turner and the survivors exit the ship through an underwater side door, but due to shortage of scuba tanks, Wilbur (unknown to Turner and his group) sacrifices himself by swimming underwater and disappearing. Turner and Celeste swim to the tugboat "Jenny" and move it closer to the "Poseidon" as the remaining survivors swim towards it. Svevo's men see them and open fire, killing Tex, who willingly holds onto a bottle of champagne as he goes down. Turner's group makes it to his boat, and they sail away. Water continues to flood the "Poseidon" and cause the on-board boilers and then the plutonium cargo to explode. Svevo and his men are all killed as the entire "Poseidon" explodes.
On board Turner's boat, Turner accepts that his tugboat "Jenny" will be taken from him when they get to port, but Celeste reveals a diamond she salvaged from the "Poseidon". Celeste asks Turner, "Are you going to kiss me now?" and Turner replies, "I was going to kiss you anyway." They kiss and the tugboat "Jenny" sails away into the sunset with the survivors.
Characters.
Salvage Team
Captain Mike Turner (Michael Caine), Wilbur Hubbard (Karl Malden),
Celeste Whitman (Sally Field)
Villains
Dr Stefan Svevo (Telly Savalas), Kurt (Paul Picerni),
Doyle (Patrick Culliton), Castrop (Dean Raphael Ferrandini)
Passengers
Frank Mazzetti (Peter Boyle), Theresa Mazzetti (Angela Cartwright), Harold Meredith (Jack Warden), Hannah Meredith (Shirley Knight), Suzanne Constantine (Veronica Hamel)
Crew
Nurse Gina Rowe (Shirley Jones), Dewey "Tex" Hopkins, (Slim Pickens), Elevator Operator Larry Simpson (Mark Harmon)
Abandoned film sequel premise.
In 1973, soon after the first film came out, producer Irwin Allen proposed a sequel that would have had the survivors testifying in a hearing on the disaster in Vienna, the country of the "Poseidon"s parent company. While on a train to the hearing, a miles-long mountain tunnel would collapse, leaving the survivors of the train trapped inside, struggling to make their way out. This premise was eventually used in the 1996 Rob Cohen film "Daylight" with Sylvester Stallone.
Relationship of Gallico's novels to the films.
Paul Gallico's novel "The Poseidon Adventure" had ended with the ship's sinking. The original film changed much of the novel's plot and ended with the ship still afloat. After the huge success of the film, Gallico was asked to write a novel that would be a sequel not to his first novel, but to the film. It would feature a new group of people entering the still capsized ship and could be made into a second film. In response, Gallico wrote "Beyond The Poseidon Adventure", which was published in 1978. However, once again the film that followed ended up bearing little resemblance to his book. Instead of sinking, the ship explodes.
Reception.
Unlike its predecessor, this film was met with mostly negative responses from critics.
The film currently holds a two star rating (4.4/10) on IMDb.
Media releases.
A region one DVD version was released on August 22, 2006. A digital version is available for rental and purchase on the PlayStation Network for the PlayStation 3. Warner Brothers re-released the DVD via their Warner Archive Collection in April, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2900801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900801" title="A Pain That I'm Used To">
A Pain That I'm Used To

"A Pain That I'm Used To" is the second single and opening track of the album "Playing the Angel" by Depeche Mode, and the forty-second DM single overall. The single was released on 12 December 2005 by Mute Records. The single contains remixes by UK Mute label mates Goldfrapp, and Jacques Lu Cont (Stuart Price). There are also two radio versions. The first one is only a slight remix, whereas the second contains a completely different, more electronic introduction and instrumentation.
Although "Better Days" was mentioned to be the B-side for the single in its press release, it ended up being a track called "Newborn" when the tracklists were released. "Better Days" went on to be the B-side to the following single, "Suffer Well". "Newborn" is a slow song that transforms into a harder song during the chorus. It is a fan-favourite in terms of B-sides.
The single was only physically released in the UK. The US only had a digital release (i.e., iTunes). The song reached number 15 upon UK release. In the US, the song debuted at number 45 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart on 14 January 2006. It eventually reached number 6.
The music video is directed by Uwe Flade, who also directed the "Precious" single. It features much more live action sequences (in a race track), than the "Precious" video and even David Gahan's "Bottle Living" video. Depeche Mode's live drummer Christian Eigner also appears in the video.
The song was featured on the "Bones" episode Two Bodies in the Lab. It is also featured in the first trailer for the 2010 film "The Sorcerer's Apprentice". The Jacques Lu Cont Remix also appears on the soundtrack to EA Sports' 2006 FIFA World Cup video game.

</doc>
<doc id="2900805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900805" title="Octahedral symmetry">
Octahedral symmetry

A regular octahedron has 24 rotational (or orientation-preserving) symmetries, and a symmetry order of 48 including transformations that combine a reflection and a rotation. A cube has the same set of symmetries, since it is the dual of an octahedron.
The group of orientation-preserving symmetries is "S"4, the symmetric group or the group of permutations of four objects, since there is exactly one such symmetry for each permutation of the four pairs of opposite sides of the octahedron.
Details.
Chiral and full (or achiral) octahedral symmetry are the discrete point symmetries (or equivalently, symmetries on the sphere) with the largest symmetry groups compatible with translational symmetry. They are among the crystallographic point groups of the cubic crystal system.
Chiral octahedral symmetry.
O, 432, or [4,3]+ of order 24, is chiral octahedral symmetry or rotational octahedral symmetry . This group is like chiral tetrahedral symmetry "T", but the C2 axes are now C4 axes, and additionally there are 6 C2 axes, through the midpoints of the edges of the cube. "Td" and "O" are isomorphic as abstract groups: they both correspond to "S"4, the symmetric group on 4 objects. "Td" is the union of "T" and the set obtained by combining each element of "O" \ "T" with inversion. "O" is the rotation group of the cube and the regular octahedron.
Achiral octahedral symmetry.
With the 4-fold axes as coordinate axes, a fundamental domain of Oh is given by 0 ≤ "x" ≤ "y" ≤ "z". An object with this symmetry is characterized by the part of the object in the fundamental domain, for example the cube is given by "z" = 1, and the octahedron by "x" + "y" + "z" = 1 (or the corresponding inequalities, to get the solid instead of the surface).
"ax" + "by" + "cz" = 1 gives a polyhedron with 48 faces, e.g. the disdyakis dodecahedron. 
Faces are 8-by-8 combined to larger faces for "a" = "b" = "0" (cube) and 6-by-6 for "a" = "b" = "c" (octahedron).
The isometries of the cube.
("To be integrated in the rest of the text.)"
The cube has 48 isometries (symmetry elements), forming the symmetry group "Oh", isomorphic to "S"4 × "C"2. They can be categorized as follows:
An isometry of the cube can be identified in various ways:
For cubes with colors or markings (like dice have), the symmetry group is a subgroup of "Oh". 
Examples:
For some larger subgroups a cube with that group as symmetry group is not possible with just coloring whole faces. One has to draw some pattern on the faces. 
Examples:
The full symmetry of the cube, "Oh", (*432), is preserved if and only if all faces have the same pattern such that the full symmetry of the square is preserved, with for the square a symmetry group, Dih4, [4, of order 8.
The full symmetry of the cube under proper rotations, "O", (432), is preserved if and only if all faces have the same pattern with 4-fold rotational symmetry, C4, [4+.
Octahedral symmetry of the Bolza surface.
In Riemann surface theory, the Bolza surface, sometimes called the Bolza curve, is obtained as the ramified double cover of the Riemann sphere, with ramification locus at the set of vertices of the regular inscribed octahedron. Its automorphism group includes the hyperelliptic involution which flips the two sheets of the cover. The quotient by the order 2 subgroup generated by the hyperelliptic involution yields precisely the group of symmetries of the octahedron. Among the many remarkable properties of the Bolza surface is the fact that it maximizes the systole among all genus 2 hyperbolic surfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="2900811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900811" title="Dippel's oil">
Dippel's oil

Dippel's Oil (sometimes known as Bone Oil) is a nitrogenous by-product of the destructive distillation of bones. This liquid is dark colored and highly viscous with an unpleasant smell. The oil contains the organic compound pyrrole, aniline, stearonitrile, pyridine, methylamine and other nitrogenous compounds. It is named after its inventor, Johann Conrad Dippel.
Dippel's oil had a number of uses which are now mostly obsolete. It could be used as an alcohol denaturant, an ingredient in sheep dips, an animal repellent (tradenamed as "Renardine"), an insecticide, in a soap industry, ideal starting material for various lubricants, a chemical warfare harassing agent, and also had medicinal uses. By not being lethal, the oil was claimed to not be in breach of the Geneva Protocol. During the desert campaign of World War II, the oil was used to render wells undrinkable and thus deny their use to the enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="2900834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900834" title="Dennis Alexio">
Dennis Alexio

Dennis Raymond Alexio (born March 12, 1959) is an American former kickboxer who competed in the light heavyweight, cruiserweight and heavyweight divisions. Starting out as a light heavyweight, Alexio kicked off his career with an extensive, knockout-laden undefeated streak before losing a decision to Don "The Dragon" Wilson in a WKA World Super Light Heavyweight Full Contact Championship match in 1984. He rebounded from this by winning the PKA World Light Heavyweight tilte that same year before moving up to cruiserweight and taking the ISKA World Cruiserweight Full Contact strap. In the late 1980s, he began his transition to the heavyweight division where he won six world titles and was, for a short time, considered the undisputed World Heavyweight Champion. He faced the two toughest tests of his career in 1992 against Branko Cikatić and Stan Longinidis, fighting to a controversial draw with Cikatić and losing to Longinidis via an early low kick KO.
An aggressive fighter possessing good boxing skills and a powerful spinning back kick to the midsection, Alexio retired with an impressive 92% KO ratio. However, he competed almost exclusively under full contact rules and was criticized for rarely facing top-level competition despite being active throughout heavyweight kickboxing's Golden Age in the 1990s. Wilson, Cikatić and Longinidis are widely believed to have been his only world-class opponents, none of whom he was able to beat.
Early life.
Dennis Alexio was born and raised in Vacaville, California and was a standout athlete in his youth, excelling in American football, baseball and basketball. In an interview with "Inside Karate" magazine, he claimed to have turned down an offer to play baseball with the Los Angeles Dodgers. He began his martial arts training in Kajukenbo and Tang Soo Do before moving on to kickboxing. His entrance music was "The Final Countdown" by Europe.
Career.
Early career (1980–1983).
Alexio debuted as a professional kickboxer in early 1980, losing to Mike King via technical knockout in Culver City, California in his freshman appearance. The outcome of the bout was later overturned to a no contest by the PKA, however, with the fight deemed a mismatch as Alexio was competing for the first time while King was an experienced pro. Following this, he went on to win seventeen consecutive fights, all by knockout with only one going past the third round. In his first international match-up, Alexio stopped Basil Gura with a kick in round three of their contest in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia on November 19, 1983.
Light heavyweight and cruiserweight world championships (1984–1986).
Having established himself as a force on the world stage with this extensive winning streak, Alexio was given the chance to fight Don "The Dragon" Wilson for the inaugural WKA World Super Light Heavyweight (-83.2 kg/183.4 lb) Full Contact Championship in Hollywood in Wilson's home state of Florida on March 29, 1984. Televised on NBC's "Sports World" and with the #1 spot in the STAR System World Kickboxing Ratings on the line, Dennis Alexio's straight forward, boxing-based style played into the hands of the counterfighter Don Wilson, who pelted him with unchecked low kicks throughout the twelve round bout to take a close split decision. Alexio disputed the result, calling it a "hometown decision" and demanding a rematch. A second bout between the pair would never come to fruition, however.
He rebounded from this defeat by winning the PKA World Light Heavyweight title in his hometown of Vacaville on September 14, 1984, knocking down Rob Salazar twice in round five en route to a decision win. He made successful defences of this belt against Bernard Clark and Neil Singleton the following year before moving up to the cruiserweight division where he was soon crowned the ISKA World Cruiserweight (-88.2 kg/194.4 lb) Full Contact Champion. He also briefly pursued a career in professional boxing between 1984 and 1985, going 7-1 with five KO victories.
In an ISKA title defence on August 16, 1986 in Denver, Colorado, Alexio survived an early scare as he was dropped with big right hook from Lowell Nash in the first round, coming back by flooring Nash with a right hook of his own before finishing him with a devastating right cross at the end of the fourth.
Transition to heavyweight (1987–1991).
By 1987, Alexio's record consisted of twenty-six wins and one loss, and so he made the transition to the heavyweight class where, at 1.80m/5 ft 11in and just over 91 kg/200 lb, he was one of the smaller competitors. After winning the KICK full contact world heavyweight title, he made one last defence of his ISKA cruiserweight belt on June 3, 1987 when he outpointed Larry McFadden over twelve rounds in Stateline, Nevada. Less than a month later, he defended his KICK Heavyweight belt and also won the vacant ISKA Heavyweight (-96.4 kg/212.5 lb) title against Jeff Hollins on June 20, 1987 in Denver. 
On August 6, 1990 at Harrah's Lake Tahoe in Stateline, Alexio faced Canadian taekwondo stylist Darrell Henegan in a heavyweight unification fight with Alexio's ISKA and KICK titles, and Henegan's FFKA title on the line. Alexio won via TKO after the referee stopped the fight towards the end of the fifth round.
At the end of 1990, he re-located to Honolulu, Hawaii where he fought twenty times at the Neal S. Blaisdell Center, winning all twenty by knockout. He also adopted the nickname of "Kaheke" while fighting there and often fought in a Hawaiian grass skirt.
In another heavyweight title unification bout, Alexio put his ISKA belt on the line against Jerry Rhome with the vacant PKC title also up for grabs at "KarateMania III" held at Caesars Tahoe in Stateline on August 24, 1991. He floored Rhome with a roundhouse kick on the bell at then end of the fourth before going out and finishing him off early in five. Alexio then defeated a number of middle-of-the-road challengers from around the world under full contact before seeking super fights with champions from other rule sets.
Fights with Cikatić and Longinidis (1992).
On March 16, 1992, Alexio faced his toughest opponent to date when he met Croatian Muay Thai fighter Branko Cikatić in at the "World Martial Arts Challenge" at the Thomas & Mack Center in Las Vegas, Nevada. Although Alexio still held the ISKA, KICK and FFKA heavyweight world tiltes, and Cikatić was the WKA/IKBF World Cruiserweight Champion, the only title on the line was the inaugural WMAC Heavyweight Championship. The rules of the bout were disputed between both fighters right up to the day of the fight. Alexio, who had competed exclusively under full contact rules, wanted both fighters to wear foot pads and low kicks to be illegal. Cikatić, a Muay Thai stylist and international rules fighter, wanted low kicks as well as the Thai clinch to be allowed. In the end, low kicks were allowed and Alexio wore foot pads, and knees and the clinch were banned. The duration of the fight was set at eight, three-minute rounds.
The first two rounds were close, with Alexio utilising better boxing skills but Cikatić using his powerful low kicks to his advantage. Cikatić was deducted a point in the second round for kneeing Alexio in the clinch. The fight then ended in confusion in the third round when a stoppage was called as Alexio's right foot pad came off. Referee Pat Burleson decided to continue the fight without retrieving the foot pad as it had fallen out of the ring. However, before the fight was restarted Alexio hit Cikatić with two left hooks and then kicked at him but missed as he fell to the canvas. The fight was stopped there and, as it had gone less that half of the set eight rounds, was ruled a technical draw.
Following this, Alexio went on to collect three straight KO wins before agreeing to fight Australian Stan Longinidis, an up-and-coming fighter who had been calling him out for some time. One of the most highly-anticipated fights in the sport's history at the time, and a bad-blooded affair, the bout took place in Longinidis' hometown of Melbourne, Victoria on December 6, 1992 with the vacant ISKA Oriental rules Heavyweight Championship of the World up for grabs. Six seconds into the fight, Longinidis hit Alexio with a right low kick, causing Alexio's fibula and tibia to break. Officially, the fight lasted just fifteen seconds and Longinidis was named the winner via technical knockout.
Alexio and his manager, Bob Wall, disputed the fight and claimed that the fracture was caused by twisting his leg on a depression in the ring floor. A rematch between Longinidis and Alexio was discussed but a promoter with enough money was never secured.
Later career (1993–1999).
One of kickboxing's biggest stars at the time, Dennis Alexio was offered the opportunity to fight at "UFC 1", the first mixed martial arts tournament held in North America, in 1993 but refused. Alexio recovered from his broken leg and made a comeback on January 22, 1994 in Lake Tahoe, where he defeated Englishman Mark Russell via technical knockout in the second round to defend the PKC World Heavyweight Full Contact title. His first significant fight since his comeback came on March 26, 1994 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada when he defeated Dick Kimber to defend the PKC belt at "KarateMania VIII". He was ordered by the referee to remove his Hawaaian grass skirt at the end of round one, and came out wearing a pair of traditional kickboxing trunks in round two and battered Kimber to a TKO victory.
He would end out his career fighting mostly in Honolulu and under full contact rules, beating a number of lower-level K-1 fighters. During the mid-1990s, he began to face growing criticism of his opponents, with Rick Roufus and Maurice Smith claiming that he was avoiding them and other high-level heavyweights.
On May 31, 1997, Alexio won the vacant IKF World Heavyweight Championship when he defeated Barrington Patterson of England by TKO at the end of the fifth round in Honolulu. His first defense of this title was on November 21, 1997 when he defeated Jeff Gibson. In May 1998 in Sacramento, California, he defeated France's Achille Roger by TKO in round five round to defend his title for a second time. His title was retired by the IKF on November 24, 2003. The IKF organization had been trying to contact Alexio since June 2003, to discuss what his future plans for the sport were, such as a title defense or a retirement of his title. However, they never received any return phone call.
His last ever fight came on December 18, 1999 at Honolulu's Neal S. Blaisdell Center, where he knocked out Welshman Gordon Minors to win the WAKO Pro World Heavyweight Full Contact Championship, his eight world title.
Personal life.
Alexio starred alongside Jean-Claude Van Damme in the 1989 film "Kickboxer". He also had a small role in the 1988 film "Picasso Trigger" in addition to an appearance in a 1990 episode of "Super Force".
Legal issues.
Alexio was charged with two counts of bank fraud in addition to failing to pay child support on July 1, 2003. On December 20, 2005, a federal magistrate ordered that he be detained and returned to California.
On June 12, 2007, Alexio was arrested at his home in Aiea, Hawaii for failing to appear as a witness before a federal grand jury and on an outstanding federal warrant issued in San Francisco for bank fraud. A federal judge in West Virginia had issued a warrant for his arrest on April 20 when he failed to appear as summoned to testify in a fraud case.
Dennis Alexio was arrested by federal agents at a coffee shop in Aiea on November 21, 2013 and his wife, Anitalei Alexio, was later arrested at their home, the couple being charged with thirty-six counts of filing false tax claims, wire fraud, and money laundering from December 2008 to August 2013. The federal government also accused him of sending false documents to obtain gold bars and coins worth hundreds of thousands of US dollars. Both pleaded not guilty and were scheduled to stand trial on the charges in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2900846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900846" title="Perspective">
Perspective

Perspective may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2900851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900851" title="Yokosuka E14Y">
Yokosuka E14Y

The Yokosuka E14Y (Allied reporting name Glen) was an Imperial Japanese Navy reconnaissance seaplane transported aboard and launched from Japanese submarine aircraft carriers such as the during World War II. The Japanese Navy designation was "Type 0 Small Reconnaissance Seaplane" (零式小型水上偵察機).
Operational history.
The "Glen" was used for several Japanese reconnaissance missions during the Pacific War. 
The "Glen" is the only Japanese aircraft to overfly New Zealand during World War II (and only the second enemy aircraft after the German Friedrichshafen FF.33 'Wölfchen' during World War I). On 8 March 1942 Warrant Officer Nobuo Fujita photographed the Allied build up in Wellington harbour in a "Glen" launched from the Japanese submarine I-25. On 13 March he flew over Auckland, before the I25 proceeded to Australia. On the night of 24/25 May Warrant Officer Susumo Ito flew a "Glen" over Auckland from the Japanese submarine I-21. Type A1 submarine I-9 was caught off the New Zealand coast in early 1943; however, no Japanese aircraft was observed and any records of overflights were lost when the submarine was sunk. 
The "Glen" also has the distinction of being the only aircraft to drop bombs on the United States mainland during World War II, in an incident known as The Lookout Air Raid. On 9 September 1942 , Chief Warrant Officer Nobuo Fujita, a pilot in the Japanese Imperial Navy, and his crewman, Petty Officer Shoji Okuda, surfaced in submarine "I-25" off the coast of Oregon near Brookings. His tiny seaplane had folding wings and was transported in a small hangar attached to the deck of the submarine. The bombs - 76 kg (168 lb) incendiaries intended to cause forest fires - caused no injuries or real damage.
A total of 126 planes were produced.
Surviving Glens discovered at Kwajalein.
"Aviation History" magazine reported in the November 2008 issue that divers had found airplane parts in the "Akibasan Maru" wreck, a Japanese cargo ship sunk in the Kwajalein Atoll on 20 January 1944, and rediscovered in 1965. The parts (including wings and floats) have been finally identified (April 2008) as belonging to two E14Y1 "Glen" floatplanes, through the use of photographs from the wreck and comparisons with original technical drawings and a captured technical manual.

</doc>
<doc id="2900859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900859" title="Wanaque River">
Wanaque River

The Wanaque River (Native American for "place of the sassafras") is a tributary of the Pequannock River in Passaic County in northern New Jersey in the United States.
Once known as the Long Pond River, the sources of the Wanaque River are Greenwood Lake, once known as Long Pond (not to be confused with the nearby village of Greenwood Lake in the state of New York) and the watershed known as Sterling Forest.
Both Greenwood Lake and Sterling Forest straddle the border of the states of New Jersey and New York.
Downstream, the construction of dams at Monks and Wanaque created the Monksville and Wanaque reservoirs, respectively.
From the Raymond Dam of the Wanaque Reservoir, the river flows to its confluence with the Pequannock River.

</doc>
<doc id="2900862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900862" title="Beta Comae Berenices">
Beta Comae Berenices

Beta Comae Berenices (β Comae Berenices, β Com) is a main sequence dwarf star in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices. It is located at a distance of about from Earth. The Greek letter beta (β) usually indicates that the star has the second highest visual magnitude in the constellation. However, with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.3, this star is slightly brighter than α Comae Berenices. It can be seen with the naked eye, but may be too dim to be viewed from a built-up urban area.
This star is similar to our own Sun, being only slightly larger and brighter in absolute magnitude. It has a stellar classification of G0 V, compared to G2 V for the Sun. The effective temperature of the outer envelope is 5,936 K, giving it a yellow hue of a G-type star. In terms of age it is younger than the Sun, being about 3 billion years old.
Observations of short term variations in the chromatic activity suggest that the star undergoes differential rotation, with a rotation period of about 11–13 days. Its surface has a measured activity cycle of 16.6 years, compared to 11 years on our Sun. It may also have a secondary activity cycle of 9.6 years. At one time it was thought that this star might have a spectroscopic companion. However, this was ruled out by means of more accurate radial velocity measurements. No planets have yet been detected around it, and there is no evidence of a dusty disk.

</doc>
<doc id="2900869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900869" title="Spiritual practice">
Spiritual practice

A spiritual practice or spiritual discipline (often including spiritual exercises) is the regular or full-time performance of actions and activities undertaken for the purpose of cultivating spiritual development. A common metaphor used in the spiritual traditions of the world's great religions is that of walking a path. Therefore a spiritual practice moves a person along a path towards a goal. The goal is variously referred to as salvation, liberation or union (with God). A person who walks such a path is sometimes referred to as a wayfarer or a pilgrim.
Abrahamic religions.
Baha'i Faith.
Prayer in the Bahá'í Faith refers to two distinct concepts: "obligatory prayer" and "devotional prayer" (general prayer). Both types of prayer are composed of reverent words which are addressed to God, and the act of prayer is one of the most important Bahá'í laws for individual discipline.
Christianity.
In the Catholic tradition, spiritual disciplines may include: prayer, fasting, acts of mercy, Sacraments (e.g., Baptism & Eucharist), monasticism, chanting, celibacy, the use of prayer beads, mortification of the flesh, Christian meditation, and "Lectio Divina".
For Protestants, spiritual disciplines are generally regarded to include any combination of the following, in moderation: celebration, chastity, confession, fasting, fellowship, frugality, giving, guidance, hospitality, humility, intimacy, meditation, prayer, reflection, self-control, servanthood, service, silence, simplicity, singing, slowing, solitude, study, submission, surrender, teaching, and worship.
The Religious Society of Friends (also known as the Quakers) practices silent worship, which is punctuated by vocal ministry. Quakers have little to no creed or doctrine, and so their practices constitute a large portion of their group identity.
A well-known writer on Christian spiritual disciplines, Richard Foster, has emphasized that Christian meditation focuses not of the emptying of the mind or self, but rather on the filling up of the mind or self with God.
Islam.
Spiritual practice in Islam is practiced within salat (ritual prayer) during which Muslims subdue all thoughts and concentrate solely on Allah. Spiritual practices that are practised by Sufis include fasting, Dhikr, Muraqaba, and Sama (Sufi whirling).
Judaism.
"Kavannah" is the directing of the heart to achieve higher contemplative thoughts and attain inner strength. Perhaps the most elevated spiritual exercise for a Jew is known as "Torah Lishmah", the diligent study of the Torah. Reciting daily prayers (such as the Shema and Amidah), following dietary laws of kashrut, observing Shabbat, fasting, and performing deeds of loving-kindness all assist in maintaining awareness of God. Various Jewish movements throughout history have encouraged a range of other spiritual practices. The Musar movement, for example, encourages a variety of meditations, guided contemplations, and chanting exercises.
Indian religions.
Buddhism.
In Theravada Buddhism, the generic term for spiritual cultivation is "bhavana". The Pali word "yoga," central to many early Buddhist texts, has been often translated as "Spiritual Practice." In Zen Buddhism, meditation (called "zazen"), the writing of poetry (especially "haiku"), painting, calligraphy, flower arranging, the Japanese tea ceremony and the maintenance of Zen gardens are considered to be spiritual practices. The Korean tea ceremony is also considered spiritual.
Hinduism.
In Hinduism, the practice of cultivating spirituality is known as "sadhana". "Japa", the silent or audible repetition of a "mantra", is a common Hindu spiritual practice.
Tantric practices are shared in common between Hinduism and certain Buddhist (especially Tibetan Buddhist) schools, and involve the deliberate use of the mundane (worldly, physical or material) to access the supramundane (spiritual, energetic or mystical) realms.
Other.
Anthroposophy.
Rudolf Steiner gave an extensive set of exercises for spiritual development. Some of these were intended for general use, while others were for certain professions, including teachers, doctors, and priests, or were given to private individuals.
Martial arts.
Some martial arts, like T'ai chi ch'uan, Aikido, and Jujutsu, are considered spiritual practices by some of their practitioners.
New Age.
Passage meditation was a practice recommended by Eknath Easwaran which involves the memorization and silent repetition of passages of scripture from the world's religions.
Adidam (the name of both the religion and practice) taught by Adi Da Samraj uses an extensive group of spiritual practices including ceremonial invocation ("puja") and body disciplines such as exercise, a modified yoga, dietary restrictions and bodily service. These are all rooted in a fundamental devotional practice of "Guru bhakti" based in self-understanding rather than conventional religious seeking.
The term Neotantra refers to a modern collection of practices and schools in the West that integrates the sacred with the sexual, and de-emphasizes the reliance on Gurus.
Recent and evolving spiritual practices in the West have also explored the integration of aboriginal instruments such as the Didgeridoo, extended chanting as in Kirtan, or other breathwork taken outside of the context of Eastern lineages or spiritual beliefs, such as Quantum Light Breath.
Stoicism.
Stoicism takes the view that philosophy is not just a set of beliefs or ethical claims, it is a way of life and discourse involving constant practice and training (e.g., asceticism). Stoic spiritual practices and exercises include contemplation of death and other events that are typically thought negative, training attention to remain in the present moment (similar to some forms of Eastern meditation), daily reflection on everyday problems and possible solutions, keeping a personal journal, and so on. Philosophy for a Stoic is an active process of constant practice and self-reminder.

</doc>
