<doc id="2857413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857413" title="Todd Grimshaw">
Todd Grimshaw

Todd James Grimshaw is a fictional character from the British soap opera "Coronation Street", played by Bruno Langley.
Development.
Family.
The Grimshaws are often portrayed as arguing rivals in their scenes. Todd and his brother Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) are portrayed as "bickering brothers". Jason is often cheeky to their mother, Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver). Thomas told a reporter from "Soaplife" that he and Langley were best friends off-screen. In 2007, Thomas told Derek Robins of "The Sun" that "Jason and Todd have a great bond as brothers and after all family is what Corrie is all about." He added that Jason eventually accepts his sexuality and wants to spend more time with Todd.
Early relationships.
Todd begins a relationship with Candice Stowe (Nikki Sanderson), before romancing Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien). She later ends their relationship because she wants to date Ade Critchley (Dean Ashton). Langley and O'Brien were in a relationship and she told Frances Traynor from the "Daily Record" that acting out their break-up was not strange. Todd then resumes his previous relationship with Candice. But Todd soon returns to Sarah. She decides to sleep with Todd on her sixteenth birthday. The storyline was controversial and nine viewers contacted the Independent Television Commission. The organisation investigated the scenes and cleared "Coronation Street" of breaching guidelines. They praised them for building a relationship between the two characters and viewed it as a mature decision. Prior to this, Langley's friends would tease him because Todd was a virgin. O'Brien told Steve Hendry from the "Sunday Mail" that Sarah is "a bit dependent on Todd". In June 2003, Alex Tate from "The People" reported that Sarah-Louise would dump Todd. Sarah fears that she and Bethany are preventing Todd from succeeding at Oxford University. But Sarah and Todd move into a flat together. Sarah's daughter Bethany Platt (Amy and Emily Walton) electrocutes herself and Todd finds her unconscious. The accident prompts Gail Platt (Helen Worth) to involve the social services.
Sexuality.
In March 2003, Polly Graham from the "Sunday Mirror" reported that executive producer Kieran Roberts wanted Todd to becomes the show's first gay character. The show confirmed that had discussed the possibility but nothing has been decided upon. On 22 August 2003, it was reported that Todd would befriend Sarah's brother, Nick Tilsley (Adam Rickett) and kiss him. But he does not reciprocate. A show spokesperson said that the storyline was a "groundbreaking move" and predicted a varied and "huge reaction" from viewers. They told a reporter from the "Liverpool Echo" that Todd had always questioned his sexuality. They added that "the storyline came naturally out of the character. It is being handled extremely sensitively." In October a spokesperson commented that "this is just the start. It's not a case of having a gay kiss just for titillation's sake. Todd will continue to struggle with his feelings, not for Nick, but general confusion over his sexuality." Approximately fourteen million viewers watched the kiss and sixteen complaints were filed.
Emily Smith from "The Sun" reported that Todd would kiss Karl Foster (Chris Finch) and begin an affair. The director of Mediawatch-uk, John Beyer told Smith that "This will cause offence. This scene seems to be calculated as a ratings ploy." David Allison, from LGB group OutRage!, said he welcomed the storyline because it was a departure from gay stereotypes. The decision was made to film the scenes in the center of Manchester's Gay Village, Canal Street. As the kiss was filmed revelers on the street cheered at the actors. Langley was worried about portraying the issue led story correctly. He told Billy Sloan of the "Sunday Mail" that the crowd approval made him believe he was doing in right. Filming inside the street's nightclubs was carried out while actual drinkers were having their nights out. Thirty extras were hired to make the clubs look busier. Langley thought the location shoot was advantageous because "it gave you a real feeling of the atmosphere. It was very different from being on the normal Corrie set." A spokesperson added that it was the beginning of Todd's realisation about his sexuality. While kissing Karl; Todd sees Sarah approaching and is "mortified", but she fails to notice Todd and Karl's kiss.
The storyline sparks an fight between Eileen and Gail. Eileen attacks Gail after she brands Todd a "two-timing, twisted, lying pervert". The two proceed to pull each other's hair out in the street.
Departure.
Producers decided not to kill Todd making it possible for Langley to reprise the role. Todd decides to leave Weatherfield when he discovers Jason and Sarah in bed together. A publicity agent for "Coronation Street" revealed that "these are really explosive scenes, very emotional and very dramatic." The show's producer Tony Wood added that Langley "has been an asset to the show and his portrayal of the sexually confused Todd has been superb." Daran Little, who wrote Todd's coming out storyline, told Daniel Martin and Jason Deans from "The Guardian" that he wanted to create a spin-off show focusing on Todd living in London. Langley was asked to return various times but could not because of other work commitments.
Returns (2007 and 2011).
In 2007, Langley returned to the show to film fifteen episodes as Todd. Langley said that he would return again because he enjoyed filming scenes with the Grimshaw family. Executive producer Kieran Roberts was happy with Langley's performance during his return. He revealed that he asked "Coronation Street" writers for ideas for a potential return for Todd. In 2009, Thomas asked the new producer Kim Crowther if she would reintroduce the character.
On 30 January 2011, Daniel Kilkelly from Digital Spy revealed that Todd would return to "Coronation Street". A spokesperson told Kilkelly that "we are currently in negotiations with Bruno Langley about a short storyline." Langley was on a theatre tour when asked to return. He split his time between Leeds and Manchest filming for Todd's reappearance, which lasted one episode broadcast on 24 April 2011. Despite the single episode return, Langley filmed over five days and decided to convey that Todd had changed. But he noted that Todd "is essentially the same guy - he's just grown up." Todd returns to visit Eileen and introduces her to his new boyfriend Jools Creme (Ben Allen). Langley told Kilkelly that Todd and Jools must be in a serious relationship because Todd has never introduced a boyfriend to his family. Jools is middle-class and Todd had been treated as a guest at posh parties. Langley explained that Todd is nervous because residents of Weatherfield are completely different from Jools. It was also revealed that Gail would not welcome Todd's return and brands him a "gay gold-digger".
Reintroduction.
On 17 August 2012, Langley revealed that he would like to return to the show. On 5 June 2013, it was announced that the character would be returning to "Coronation Street", with Langley returning as a regular cast member. Executive producer Stuart Blackburn told an itv.com reporter that "Todd is a much loved character who has real history on the show and his return will leave Eileen with some impossible choices." Langley said it was a great time to reprise the role and explore how Todd has changed whilst living in London. He added that he was happy to see the Grimshaw family reunited. Langley returned to filming on 27 August and his first scenes aired on 4 November 2013. Nick Owens from the "Daily Mirror" reported that Todd's return would seen him attempt to ruin Marcus Dent (Charlie Condou) and Maria Connor's (Samia Ghadie) relationship.
Upon his return Todd is played as a manipulative liar. Langley told Mark James Lowe from "All About Soap" that Todd had a job and a boyfriend in London but soon lost everything. Todd behaved badly and "burnt his bridges" with those he knew. When Todd arrives back he is untruthful with his family. His ex-boyfriend Alex Hughes (Nathan Ives-Moiba) arrives claiming that Todd has stolen his money. Langley explained that Todd does not like being exposed as a liar because he enjoys Eileen viewing him as the "better son". The actor told David Brown from "Radio Times" that Todd is concerned about the way Eileen views him, but does not care what other residents think. Todd has no worries about seeing Nick (now played by Ben Price) and Gail again, but upon doing so he is confronted with his past. The change of behavior continues as Todd manipulates Sean Tully (Antony Cotton) into convincing Eileen to ask him to stay. Langley explained that Todd "knows that Sean fancies him so he uses that against him. He manipulates Sean into speaking to Eileen and his plan works. Eileen wants him to stay, which makes Todd very pleased with himself."
Langley also confirmed reports that Todd would attempt to steal Marcus away from Maria. He added that Todd would manipulate and use Sean in his efforts to impress and attract Marcus. But Maria is unaware of Todd's intentions towards her partner. Of Todd's motives, Langley said that "he likes a challenge and I guess he’s probably one of those people who likes the drama of splitting couples up. It’s all for his own ego and just to prove that he can." The actor was happy with Todd's changed personality. He noted that Todd spent years living away from home and it would have been a bad decision for him to return the exact same person. Todd's manipulation of Sean is soon exposed by Brian Packham (Peter Gunn). Todd reveals that he could never be attracted to Sean and Brian informs him. To gain revenge Todd exposes secrets to his girlfriend Julie Carp (Katy Cavanagh). Langley told a reporter from "New!" that "was really angry so [he decided to wreck his relationship with Julie."
Marcus Dent.
In January 2014, the storyline between Todd and Marcus was developed. Marcus is a gay male in a relationship with a female. He has not acted on his attraction to men while with Maria. But Todd has a birthday party which Marcus attends and Todd uses the opportunity to gain his attention. Todd manipulates the situation by taking his shirt off in-front of Marcus. Condou told David Brown from "Radio Times" that Todd is "very flirtatious" and his handsome looks do not go unnoticed by Marcus. He was "turned on" by Todd but also upset about it. Todd takes his plan further by getting Marcus alone to kiss him. Eileen interrupts them and Todd admits that he tried instigate a kiss. Condou added that Todd was controls the situation and knows exactly what to say to his advantage. This leaves Marcus "conflicted" because he loves Maria and Todd is "bad for him", but he cannot keep away. Condou told Allison Jones from "Inside Soap" that "He's trying to tell himself his feelings for Todd aren't a big thing, but Todd’s like a dog with a bone and when he wants something he won’t let go. He knows what he wants and he’s going to get it."
Langley explained that Todd made an effort to behave cunningly, choosing to loiter around Coronation Street to keep an eye on Marcus. Not does not care about the consequences and has his sights set firmly on Marcus. Langley explained that his character does not consider Maria's feelings because he has a "warped" view that he is doing Marcus and Maria a favour. He believes that Marcus will eventually decide to be with another man and believes it should be himself. Todd also claims to be in love and lets local gossip Sean know, playing a game of manipulation knowing Marcus will hear of it Langley further explained Todd's motives: "I think Todd has a reason for doing what he's doing. Todd was going to marry Sarah and have children, but he knew it wasn't right [...] he can see the same pattern happening with Marcus, so Todd is quite adamant when he tells Marcus that he's doing the wrong thing." The "Daily Star" later released photographs obtained during location filming depicting Marcus chasing after Maria. Reporter Nicole Morley revealed that Maria would catch Todd and Marcus sharing a shirtless embrace.
Storylines.
Highly academic, Todd is poised to sit A-Levels until he gets involved with teenage mother, Sarah-Louise Platt, with whom he falls in love, leaving thoughts of university behind in favour of domesticity, much to his mother Eileen's dismay. Sarah becomes pregnant with Todd's child, her second, at the age of 17. However, changes begin to show in Todd when he becomes infatuated with Sarah's brother, Nick Tilsley. After a night out, Todd kisses a sleeping Nick, who wakes up and rebuffs him. Although Nick remains convinced that Todd is gay and insists that Sarah finish with him, Todd is able pass the incident off as a misguided moment of drunken confusion. However, he later secretly embarks on a relationship with gay nurse, Karl Foster. They sleep together in Sarah's bed and Todd admits that he enjoys sneaking around behind Sarah's back. Karl ends their relationship when Todd refuses to break up with Sarah, wanting to have Sarah and his child at home and Karl as his 'bit on the side'. Todd then confesses his sexuality to Sarah. 
Sarah then suffers a placental abruption, caused by a pre-existing medical condition, and goes into premature labour. She has an emergency cesarean and their son Billy is born, leaving them both on the critical list. Todd shows little concern for Sarah's wellbeing during this time and is only interested in Billy, demanding that Sarah take him to see him. Billy dies 24 hours after his birth and tensions escalate between the Platts and Grimshaws. Todd comes to terms with his sexuality and resumes his studies and is accepted to Oxford University. However, when Todd catches Sarah and Jason together, he lashes out at Sarah, slapping her and throwing her out then fighting with Jason. In the aftermath, Todd moves to London and tells Sarah he hopes she finds someone who loved her as much as he did.
Todd returns three years later for Jason's stag party ahead of his wedding to Sarah. He tells Eileen he is in an open relationship with a man named Ben and has obtained his law degree and is doing temporary work. Jason informs Todd that Sarah's younger brother David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) sent Todd's invitation after forging Jason's handwriting. Todd is hurt as he thinks he has finally been accepted by Jason again, and is mortified about being tricked into returning. Before he can depart, Todd and Sarah cross paths when she arrives at the house and they argue. However, Jason convinces Sarah that Todd should stay otherwise David will have won. After Sarah throws a tantrum following Jason and Todd's drunkenness at the stag party, Todd confronts her and tells her to stop being selfish. They argue but work things out and promise to lay the past to rest. Todd attends the wedding and returns to London soon after. Todd later visits the street with his new boyfriend Jools and introduces him to Eileen. Eileen and Todd argue because he is ashamed of his working class background. He leaves after making his apologies.
Todd loses his job and returns to Weatherfield but fails to inform Eileen. A man named Alex then arrives and reveals Todd has stolen his money, cheated on Jools and is unemployed. Eileen is upset with Todd's lies but he manipulates Sean into helping reaffirm his place in the Grimshaw household. Todd enjoys causing trouble for Brian who has been keeping secrets from Julie. This annoys Marcus but Todd manipulates the situation and gains his trust. Todd tries to cause tension with Marcus and Maria, later attempts to kiss him but Eileen interrupts. Todd refuses to listen to her warnings revealing that he sees sleeping with Marcus as a challenge. He begins to disrupt Marcus and Maria relationship and spends more time with them. Todd spreads a rumour that he is in love and Marcus becomes jealous. They sleep together, but Marcus warns Todd off, so Todd continues to manipulate him. He sets up a scenario in which Maria will catch them being intimate. Maria throws Marcus out and leaving Todd free to pursue Marcus for himself.
Reception.
In 2003, a survey was conducted to determine which fictional characters British landlords were like their tenants. 35% of landlords chose Todd and Sarah who represented teenagers struggling to pay rent. A reporter from "Hello!" magazine has branded Todd a "unlucky-in-love, relationship-challenged" character whose life is blighted with problems. A Virgin Media writer branded him a "sensitive hunk". Peter Dyke and Katie Begley from the "Daily Star" touted him as the "gay hunk". A writer from Orange branded him the "beacon of benevolence". Jaci Stephen from the "Daily Mail" praised Langley and O'Brien's "utterly believable and moving performances" during Todd's coming out storyline. She said various characters overreacted and the fallout would have been more apt if a nuclear bomb landed on Weatherfield. A reporter from the "Daily Record" opined that Todd kissing Nick sent ""Coronation Street" crashing into the 21st century". They added that they were surprised that it took forty-three years to feature a same sex kiss. Rachael Tinniswood of the "Liverpool Echo" was not impressed with the "unrealistic" storyline. She said that "poor Todd" had "homosexuality foisted upon" him in a "sad attempt" to gain viewers. Brian Roberts from the "Daily Mirror" believed that Todd was "out of the closet once and for all" when he kissed Karl in Canal Street. He branded the show's first gay kiss as a mere peck in comparison to the second.
In 2014, an "Inside Soap" writer branded him a "wily man-hunter". A fellow writer named him a "manipulative fella" and "scheming man-stealer". Jane Simon of the "Daily Mirror" questioned whether Todd was attempting to become the show's "new devil child". She observed his behavior to be that of a "boy poking a wasp's nest with a big stick." A writer from "TV Magazine" said that Todd would stop at nothing to get Marcus, top rated his cunning behaviour and branded him a "rotter".

</doc>
<doc id="2857415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857415" title="Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba candidates, 1995 Manitoba provincial election">
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba candidates, 1995 Manitoba provincial election

The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba fielded a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1995 provincial election. Thirty-one of these candidates were elected, giving the party its second consecutive majority government. Many candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Burrows: Bill McGee.
McGee is from Beausejour, Manitoba, and has been a self-employed construction contractor. He received 1,266 votes (17.99%), finishing second against New Democratic Party incumbent Doug Martindale. He was hired to set up a regional health authority after the election, and was a board member of the North Eastman Health Association in 2000-01.
Elmwood: Clayton McMurren.
McMurren is a small businessman and a former councillor in Rockwood, a rural municipality located outside of Winnipeg. He was first elected in 1989, and served until 2002. In 2006, he was elected as a councillor in Pinawa.
In 1995, McMurren proposed that Winnipeg's municipal government should rehabilitate quarry lands for the 1999 Pan-American Games, and then turn the site over to Rockwood (which would not contribute to the total costs). The Winnipeg councillors who handled the proposal were described as "far from impressed".
In addition to running for the provincial legislature in 1995, McMurren also sought the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada's nomination for Selkirk—Interlake in the 1997 federal election. He finished third against Reid Kelner; Felix Holtmann placed second. He later served on the board of Ensis Management, Inc., the Manitoba Film Classification Board, Community Futures Winnipeg River and Triathlon Manitoba.
Point Douglas: Claire Riddle.
Riddle was born to a Métis family in Eddystone, Manitoba, and has been an active member of the Manitoba Métis Federation (MMF) for many years. She served as vice-president of the MMF's Winnipeg Region from 1986 to 1993, and has been a director for the region since that time. She was re-elected to a third term in office in 2000. Riddle is the chair for Métis Rights and the Métis Nation Agenda within the MMF, and is the Manitoba representative at the Métis Rights Panel of the Métis National Council. She has also worked with the MMF Unemployment Insurance Commission and for the Canadian Aboriginal Economic Development Strategy. As of 2005, she works with the Residential Tenancies Office of the province of Manitoba.
Riddle received 578 votes (11.77%) in 1995, finishing third against New Democratic Party incumbent George Hickes.
Rupertsland: Eric Kennedy.
Kennedy was born in Princess Harbour on Lake Winnipeg. He began his political career at the municipal level, serving as Mayor of Long Body Creek and president of the Northern Association of Community Councils. Kennedy took the MACC out of debt within one year of becoming its leader. He is an aboriginal Canadian, and has long been active in drawing attention to aboriginal issues.
He first campaigned for the Manitoba legislature in a by-election to replace Elijah Harper, held on September 21, 1993. He received 614 votes, finishing third against New Democrat Eric Robinson. He again placed third against Robinson in 1995, receiving 619 votes (13.98%). Kennedy has been critical of both the Progressive Conservatives and the New Democratic Party in their handling of northern affairs in Manitoba.
In June 2005, Kennedy was appointed to manage the Pauingassi First Nation office of Southeast Child and Family Services. Since taking this position, he has become prominent in drawing attention to solvent abuse among young children, and has proposed an outreach program to the federal and provincial governments.
Transcona: Richard Bueckert.
Bueckert is a small businessman in Winnipeg, and has been co-owner of Randonne Tours Ltd. He received 2,372 votes (26.71%), finishing second against New Democratic Party candidate Daryl Reid.
Wellington: Steve Place.
Steve Place received 1,226 votes (17.49%), finishing third against New Democratic Party incumbent Becky Barrett. The President of the Manitoba Historical Society from 2002 to 2004 was named Steve Place; this may be the same person.

</doc>
<doc id="2857416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857416" title="George Home, 1st Earl of Dunbar">
George Home, 1st Earl of Dunbar

George Home, 1st Earl of Dunbar, KG, PC (ca. 155620 January 1611) was, in the last decade of his life, the most prominent and most influential Scotsman in England. His work lay in the King's Household and in the control of the State Affairs of Scotland and he was the King's chief Scottish advisor. With the full backing and trust of King James he made an impressive — yet brief — career, veering from London to Edinburgh via Berwick-upon-Tweed with astonishing regularity.
In Scotland.
Home was the son and third child of Sir Alexander Home of Manderston, Berwickshire, and was introduced, at the early age of 26, to the Court of sixteen-year-old James VI by a relative, Alexander Home, 6th Lord Home. Establishing himself as a favourite at court, he was in the retinue which accompanied King James VI to Norway and Denmark to collect his future Queen. He was knighted on 4 November 1590, appointed a Privy Counsellor in 1598, and the following year appears as Sheriff of Berwick-upon-Tweed, (by then in England). In 1601 he was made Master of the King's Wardrobe, and on 31 July the same year was appointed one of the Componitors to the Lord High Treasurer, and acceded to that position in September. In 1601 he was also made Provost of Dunbar.
In England.
Upon the accession of the latter as James I of England in 1603, Home accompanied his master to London, where he became Chancellor of the Exchequer (and "ex officio" the Second Lord of the Treasury) from 1603 to 1606. In 1603 he was also appointed to the English Privy Council, and on 1 June that year received a grant as Keeper of the Great Wardrobe for life. On 7 July 1604 he was created Baron Hume of Berwick in the Peerage of England. In 1605 he was created a Knight of the Garter, and, on 3 July, Earl of Dunbar in the Peerage of Scotland. There is evidence that he participated in the interrogation of Guy Fawkes in the immediate aftermath of the Gunpowder Plot of 1605.
Landed interests.
Of these, on the 27 September 1603 he received the manor and castle of Norham with its fishing rights on the River Tweed. On 12 December he had a Royal Charter giving him custody and captaincy of the Castle of St Andrews. In July 1605 he had a confirmation of all the lands previously granted to him incorporated and combined into a free earldom, Lordship of Parliament, and Barony of Dunbar.
Religious affairs.
In 1608, Home journeyed to Scotland with George Abbot to arrange to promote the Episcopal Church, and to seek some sort of union between the Church of England and Church of Scotland. King James was pleased with the initial results, although the hoped-for Union never occurred and the gulf between the King and the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland widened. In July 1605 some nineteen ministers assembled at Aberdeen in defiance of the King's prohibition against the General Assembly meeting. Six of them were subsequently imprisoned in Blackness Castle near Linlithgow, and there, on 10 January 1606, the Earl of Dunbar came from London to be present at their trial and to act as the assessor. Everything was done that could be done by him to win a verdict for the King against the six ministers and it is said that he "brought plenty of money with him to purchase a verdict". In addition, the Earl himself selected the 15 jurymen, five of whom were Homes, his relatives. But even then the jury could not agree. In the end it was a majority verdict of nine against six in favour of the guilty verdict. Regardless of the irregularities, the verdict stood, and established the law that it was High Treason for any minister of the Established Church to dispute the authority of the King and the Privy Council in religious matters.
Death.
The Earl of Dunbar died in Whitehall, London, in 1611, without male issue, whereupon the earldom and the barony became extinct. By his wife Catherine, daughter of Sir Alexander Gordon of Gight, he left two daughters:
His body was embalmed, but his funeral service did not take place in Westminster until April, after which his body was placed in a lead coffin and sent to Scotland where it was buried under the floor of Dunbar parish church, midway between the font and the pulpit. A magnificent monument, said to be finer than any in Westminster Abbey, was erected in his honour, which is still the distinguishing feature of the interior of this church.

</doc>
<doc id="2857423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857423" title="Marcel Wouda">
Marcel Wouda

Marcel Reinier Wouda (born 23 January 1972, Tilburg) is a former Dutch swimmer, who became the first Dutch world champion when he won the world title in the 200 m individual medley at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, Australia. He is currently the coach of Olympic champions Maarten van der Weijden and Hinkelien Schreuder at the Nationaal Zweminstituut Eindhoven.
Swimming career.
Wouda grew up in Uden, where he joined the 'De Zeester' swimming club at a very young age. His trainers were Martien Swinkels and Rob Kennis, who brought him to the top of Dutch swimming. Wouda made his Olympic debut at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where he was the sole male in the Dutch squad of eight females ending 22nd in the 200 m individual medley and 19th in the 400 m individual medley.
Afterwards he moved to the United States, where he joined University of Michigan in Ann Arbor under the guidance of trainer-coach Jon Urbanchek, alongside swimmers like Eric Namesnik, Gustavo Borges and Tom Dolan. At the 1993 European Aquatics Championships in Sheffield he won the bronze medal in the 400 m individual medley.
Two years after he left Wouda moved back to the Netherlands, where trainer-coach Jacco Verhaeren brought him back to the top. Wouda got his second Olympic selection when he qualified for the 1996 Summer Olympics. There he finished in 4th place in the 200 m individual medley, 5th place in the 400 m individual medley, and 7th place in 4×200 m freestyle. At the 1997 European Aquatics Championships he became European champion in the 200 m and 400 m individual medley and won a silver medal in the 4×200 m freestyle together with Pieter van den Hoogenband, Mark van der Zijden and Martijn Zuijdweg.
At the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, Western Australia, Australia Wouda became world champion in the 200 m individual medley and won two silver medals in the 400 m individual medley and the 4×200 m freestyle relay alongside Van den Hoogenband, Van der Zijden and Zuijdweg. In April 1999 at the 1999 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Hong Kong, China Wouda won four medals. He became world champion in the 4×200 m freestyle alongside Pieter van den Hoogenband, Johan Kenkhuis and Martijn Zuijdweg. He won silver medals in the 400 m individual medley and the 4×100 m freestyle together with Mark Veens, Johan Kenkhuis and Pieter van den Hoogenband, in the 200 m individual medley he won a bronze medal. In the summer of 1999 Wouda took part in the 1999 European Aquatics Championships in Istanbul, Turkey. He successfully defended his title in the 200 m individual medley and won the relay titles in the 4×100 m freestyle, with Kenkhuis, Veens and van den Hoogenband, and the 4×100 m medley with Klaas-Erik Zwering, Stefan Aartsen and van den Hoogenband. He also won the bronze medal in the 400 m individual medley.
On the road to the Sydney Olympics Wouda took part in the 2000 European Aquatics Championships in Helsinki, Finland where he won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle together with Martijn Zuijdweg, Mark van der Zijden and Pieter van den Hoogenband. Wouda won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia alongside Martijn Zuijdweg, Johan Kenkhuis and Pieter van den Hoogenband. Individually he ended 5th in the 200 m individual medley and 13th in the 100 m breaststroke. With the 4×100 m medley team he ended 4th just missing out for a medal alongside Klaas-Erik Zwering, Joris Keizer and Pieter van den Hoogenband. In the aftermath of the Sydney Olympics Wouda resigned from swimming. Six months later a journalist from Dutch daily NRC Handelsblad, Mark Hoogstad, wrote a book describing the resurrection of Dutch swimming at the hand of Wouda's career.
Coaching career.
Wouda was the head coach of Dutch junior swimming for two years, before being named assistant-coach of Verhaeren in Eindhoven, in October 2006. He guided Maarten van der Weijden to his world title in the 25 km and the Olympic title in the 10 km. He is also the coach of Hinkelien Schreuder who was part of the Dutch golden 4×100 m freestyle team and reached an individual 7th place in the 50 m freestyle at the Beijing Olympics in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2857425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857425" title="Autumn Cup">
Autumn Cup

The Autumn Cup was an ice hockey competition in the United Kingdom between 1946 and 2000. The competition was originally divided into English and Scottish competitions, known as the English Autumn Cup and the Scottish Autumn Cup between 1946 and 1954 when it became the British Autumn Cup until 1960. The competition did not take place again until 1967 when it was resurrected as the Northern Autumn Cup before it again became a national competition in 1983. Following a series of major sponsorships during the 1980s it became known as simply the Autumn Cup in 1991 before a sponsorship deal with Benson & Hedges renamed it the Benson & Hedges Cup (B&H Cup) in 1982 until their association ended in 2001 and the Autumn Cup discontinued.
The competition was contested during the opening months of each season with preliminary round games taking up the majority of the early season schedule. From 1983 finals were played at a predetermined venue with Sheffield Arena becoming the sole venue in 1991. Between 1983 and 2000, all but three finals were settled in regulation time with the 1983, 1986 and 1999 finals going into overtime and the 1983 and 1999 final being settled on penalty shots.
References.
A to Z Encyclopedia of Ice Hockey

</doc>
<doc id="2857429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857429" title="Takovo Uprising">
Takovo Uprising

Takovo Uprising (Serbian: "Takovski ustanak") is a painting by Paja Jovanović (born: Vršac, 1859; died: Vienna 1957), one of the greatest Serbian realist painters off all time. It represents the start of the Second Serbian Uprising against the Ottoman Empire in Takovo, 1815. The painting represents chieftain Miloš Obrenović, founder of the House of Obrenović, pleadging an oath in front of the people and saying the legendary words: "Here I am and here you are: War to the Turks!"
Its estimated value is €3,000,000. At the moment, it is on display in a museum dedicated to the start of the Second Serbian uprising in Takovo.

</doc>
<doc id="2857432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857432" title="Lamborghini Silhouette">
Lamborghini Silhouette

The Lamborghini Silhouette P300 is a two-door two-seat mid-engined rear-wheel drive sports car, that was made in small numbers by Lamborghini between 1976 and 1979.
Officially presented at the 1976 Geneva Auto Show, the Silhouette began as a styling exercise by noted Italian Carrozzeria Bertone. It was based on the earlier Lamborghini Urraco, but was distinguished from the Urraco by more angular styling. The Silhouette was the first Lamborghini to employ a targa top roof. The Silhouette later evolved into the similar looking but more successful Lamborghini Jalpa. The car had a 3.0 litre all-aluminium alloy Lamborghini V8 internal-combustion engine mounted transversely behind the driver. Of the 54 units built (only 12 with right-hand drive), 31 are currently known to exist.
Official performance figures indicate the Silhouette could complete the sprint in 6.5 seconds, in 16.1 seconds, and could reach a top speed of 

</doc>
<doc id="2857436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857436" title="Dry &amp; Heavy">
Dry &amp; Heavy

Dry & Heavy is a Japanese dub and Japanese reggae band, formed in 1991 by drummer Shigemoto Nanao (Dry) and bass player Takeshi Akimoto (Heavy). Their names come from the Burning Spear album of the same name. The line-up which recorded the album "Dry & Heavy" came together in 1995, with Naoki Uchida on dub controls, Mitsuhiro Toike on keyboards, Kei Horiguchi on guitar, and the vocal duo of Likkle Mai and Ao Inoue.
They were influenced by the 1970s Jamaican dub sound of King Tubby, Lee Perry and others.
In 2001, during Fuji Rock (Japan's largest music festival) founding member Takeshi Akimoto (Heavy) announced he was leaving the group, Audio Active's current bassist Pata, stepped in to fill the void. Takeshi Akimoto was the former bassist for Audio Active, and Shigemoto Nanao the former drummer of the same band.
As well as appearances at every major Japanese rock and reggae music festival, the band have enjoyed success with their own headline dates in the United Kingdom, France and Switzerland. Concert dates include the Reading and the Hanover based Womad Festivals, and guest appearances in Germany with Asian Dub Foundation and Buju Banton. They also played in Hong Kong with Primal Scream and Adrian Sherwood, and created their own Japanese dubfest, Echomaniacs. This has featured Adrian Sherwood, Andrew Weatherall, Dennis Bovell and 3 Head, and Dry & Heavy have played in concert with Lee Perry, Horace Andy, Jah Shaka and Mad Professor.
No new music has been recorded since 2002's "New Creation", although the band continues to tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2857442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857442" title="Mizuiro">
Mizuiro

Mizuiro is a visual novel made by NekoNeko Soft released in 2001. It has versions for four different platforms: PC CD (3 Disc), Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, and PC DVD-Rom.
There were two anime OVA adaptations of the game, a two-episode Hentai OVA in 2002 and a two-episode non-Hentai OVA in 2003. Both have same characters, but with somewhat different storylines.

</doc>
<doc id="2857487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857487" title="Jason Maas">
Jason Maas

Jason Maas (born November 19, 1975 in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin) is a former Canadian football quarterback and current quarterbacks coach for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He is best known for his career in the CFL, which was largely spent with the Edmonton Eskimos. He has also spent time with the Montreal Alouettes and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Amateur career.
During his high school career in Yuma, Arizona, Maas gained his first notice as a football player when the "Phoenix Prep Sport" magazine selected Maas as the most outstanding high-school quarterback in the state of Arizona as a senior.
Maas went to college at the University of Oregon starting in 1994 but was buried deep on the depth chart for the first two years of his career. In his second year, Maas threw only eighteen passes in unimportant situations. However, in his third year, Maas was considered a solid bet to take Oregon's starting job, until the arrival of high-profile transfer Akili Smith. Smith was drawing rave reviews from the football establishment as a better pure athlete, but Maas's numbers early in the year were comparable. Maas drew rave reviews by throwing for five touchdowns in a game against Stanford, but it was Smith who ended up taking the long-term starting job.
Maas spent the rest of his time at Oregon as a backup, finishing with career totals of 120 completions on 226 attempts, 1,763 yards, nineteen touchdowns and eight interceptions. Both Maas and Smith left Oregon in 1999, and while Smith was drafted third overall by the Cincinnati Bengals, Maas took a Bachelor of Science in sociology and, undrafted, tried to continue his professional career the hard way. The pattern of losing a starting job to a flashier new arrival despite his own strong play would repeat itself twice later in Maas's career.
Professional football.
As a career backup in college, Maas drew little interest through the professional ranks. On April 23, 1999, Maas signed with the National Football League's Baltimore Ravens during preseason. He appeared in a single preseason game and did not impress the coaching staff enough to win a roster spot.
Joining the CFL.
For the 2000 CFL season Maas signed with the Edmonton Eskimos, where the coaching staff intended to use him as a backup and (with Dan Crowley) the holder on field goal and extra point attempts. The Eskimos were, at the time, one of the league's deepest teams at the quarterback position, with Maas, Crowley, and incumbent starter Nealon Greene all eventually assuming starting jobs somewhere in the CFL during their careers. Maas dressed for all eighteen games but saw significant action in only one, going 16 of 25 for 165 yards, a touchdown, and an interception. The Eskimos were eliminated in the Western finals by the B.C. Lions.
During the preseason of 2001, Eskimos head coach Don Matthews was fired in a famously messy separation, allegedly for health reasons, and was replaced by Tom Higgins. Higgins would later develop a reputation for changing quarterbacks frequently, and although the flashy Greene had been the starter in Edmonton for two years, his spotty arm was beginning to draw criticism from fans. The door was wide open for the two backups, Crowley and Maas, to show that they could take the reins from the faltering Greene. Crowley was strong and Greene fought valiantly to keep his job, but by Week 7 it was Maas who had taken the starting quarterback spot that he would keep to the end of the year.
Maas picked the league apart in his first year as a starter, and despite his late start was a West Division All-Star and the Edmonton nominee for CFL Outstanding Player. He threw 231 complete of 391 attempts for 3,646 yards, recording 21 touchdowns and 12 interceptions. His performance in the 2001 Labour Day Classic, when Maas was the offensive star and recorded a late 23-yard run to set up the winning field goal as time expired, made him an instant fan favourite. Maas led the Eskimos to first place in one of the weakest Western Divisions of all time, as the Esks won the division by winning only as many as they lost. The end of the year was sour as the Eskimos were blown out by the rival Calgary Stampeders in the Western Finals, 34–18. Maas emerged with little credit in the defeat, and after two straight years of disappointment, the local media were beginning to speculate whether the Eskimos were "ever" going to get past the Western Final.
Professional setbacks.
Maas emerged from the 2001 season secure as the incumbent starter. Potential rivals Crowley and Greene were gone for 2002, Crowley to the newly minted Ottawa Renegades in the expansion draft, where he would become their starting quarterback, and Greene to the Saskatchewan Roughriders in a trade. The two backups were Bart Hendricks and an unknown named Ricky Ray, neither of whom were expected to challenge Maas for the starting job. Maas was named Offensive Player of the Week in Week 2, and was on pace for another All-Star season.
However, in Week 4 against Nealon Greene's Roughriders, Maas suffered a separated shoulder in his non-throwing arm and the injury was serious enough to sideline Maas for several games. The nominal number two was Hendricks, but he was unavailable, and the third-stringer Ray temporarily took over the starting role for the Eskimos.
Ray seized his chance, and in his first CFL start threw for four touchdowns against the B.C. Lions. As fans watched with delight, Ray piled up remarkable numbers during Maas's recovery, leading to an inevitable showdown when the former starter returned. After missing three weeks, Maas returned against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and was utterly forgettable. One mediocre game was all Higgins needed to see and Maas was immediately sent to the bench in favour of Ray, who started the next five games.
However, reminiscent of Maas's junior season in Oregon with Akili Smith, Higgins seemed unable to make up his mind. In a game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Ray struggled and Maas came in, successfully engineering an Eskimos comeback. Ray started the next game but in the game after, the second-to-last game of the season, Maas again appeared in relief and was again solid. Finally, in the last game of the year, Maas got the start and played well.
In his first season, Ray had recorded almost 3,000 yards and a quarterback rating over 100, helping the Eskimos win the West Division for the third consecutive year with the third consecutive starting quarterback. Maas had played less often but still well, and had started to win back the confidence of the fans and of the team with a strong end to the season. But for the playoffs Higgins returned to Ray, who led the Eskimos to the 90th Grey Cup, which they lost to the Montréal Alouettes, coached by Maas's first CFL head coach, Don Matthews.
In 2003, Maas was looking to regain his starting job from Ray, but suffered a back injury during the off-season. The condition was severe enough to require surgery and Ray became the starter out of training camp. Maas was the holder for kicker Sean Fleming as he healed, but by Week Eight he was completely healthy. However, Higgins had drawn criticism for his "quarterback by committee" in 2002 and had little desire to repeat the adventure. Maas was entrenched on the bench as Ray helped deliver the Eskimos the 91st Grey Cup in a rematch with the Alouettes.
Opportunity knocks.
After 2003, Ray was a hot commodity. NFL scouts were known to be looking at Ray, and during the off-season Ray was able to stick with the New York Jets. The loss of the star quarterback dismayed Eskimos fans, but this was tempered with calm knowing that Maas was around to fill the void in 2004.
The pressure on Maas was high, but his performance was up to it. Maas threw for an incredible 5,274 yards, well higher than Ray's 2003 total of 4,640. Maas threw for "only" 31 touchdowns, four fewer than Ray's 35 in 2003, but his 105.1 quarterback rating ranked among the great seasons ever. In an ironic scene for Maas, he lost out on the Most Outstanding Player award to Lions quarterback Casey Printers who took over the starting role after an injury to incumbent superstar Dave Dickenson, similar to Ray taking over for Maas.
Maas had a strong playoff performance in his single game, throwing for 369 yards in the West Semi-Final. But despite Maas' numbers the offense just was not there as the Eskimos lost a wet and miserable game to Henry Burris and the Saskatchewan Roughriders 14–6. Maas's career playoff record fell to 0–2, and head coach Higgins was fired as a result of the loss.
Return to the bench.
Unfortunately for Maas's individual numbers, Ray struggled south of the border. He never threw a regular-season pass with the Jets, and after being released tried in vain to catch on with another NFL team in time for the 2005 NFL season. Conjecture immediately ran high that Ray would be lured back to the Eskimos with a relative big-money deal, which soon followed. In addition, Maas faced additional competition from recently signed former Most Outstanding Player Khari Jones.
Former offensive co-ordinator and new head coach Danny Maciocia had led Maas's offense during his 2004 season, but he also knew that the starting quarterback had to be decisively selected and stuck to. After preseason, Maciocia chose and stuck to Ray, returning Maas to the bench for the 2005 CFL season. Maas saw little game action in the regular season, appearing only in relief for the final game, a blowout loss to the Calgary Stampeders. 
However, entering into the next week's Western Semi-final game against the Stampeders, Ricky Ray was being criticized for his recent play, and after a relatively poor first half, Maciocia put Maas in for Ray for the second half. Maas re-ignited the dormant Eskimos offense and led them to a comeback victory, resurrecting the old quarterback controversy that had plagued the Eskimos for years. Maas followed this up by again appearing in relief during the fourth quarter over Ray in the West Division final against the Lions, scoring the winning touchdown and leading the Eskimos to another victory. Once again, perhaps because of rumours Maas had already been traded to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats for veteran quarterback Danny McManus and lineman Tim Bakker, Maciocia opted to start Ray in the 93rd Grey Cup. Ray played the whole game and won it, being named MVP in the process. After the game, confirming what TSN called "the CFL's worst-kept secret", Maas was traded to the Tiger-Cats.
Starting in Steeltown.
The Tiger-Cats had a busy off-season after the 2005 season. Along with Maas, the Tiger-Cats also acquired running back Josh Ranek from the defunct Ottawa Renegades, running back/return man and reigning Most Outstanding Special Teams Player Corey Holmes from the Saskatchewan Roughriders in exchange for the firstoverall pick in Ottawa's dispersal draft (Saskatchewan selected quarterback Kerry Joseph). Significantly for Maas, the team also added his former favourite target in Edmonton, receiver Terry Vaughn, from Montreal as a free agent.
In spite of the big names added to the offense, the Tiger-Cats struggled immediately and badly. On July 10, 2006, the Tiger-Cats relieved head coach Greg Marshall of his duties after an 0–4 start, appointing 67-year old veteran head coach Ron Lancaster as his replacement. The team also fired offensive co-ordinator Joe Paopao, offensive line coach Kani Kauahi, and replaced interim general manager since 2005 Rob Katz with former Montreal assistant GM Marcel Desjardins later in the season. Before the Tiger-Cats' Labour Day Classic game against Toronto, Hamilton was in last place in the East Division. Maas was seventh in the league in passing yardage, tied for seventh in touchdown passes, and tied for second in interceptions. Two of the players ahead of Maas in yardage and touchdowns, Dave Dickenson and Kerry Joseph, had struggled with injuries during the season, and the player tied with Maas's seven touchdowns was British Columbia backup Buck Pierce. The Tiger-Cats would fall to 2–10 after Labour Day, with Maas getting no credit in a 40–6 pummelling by the Argonauts.
For the 2007 CFL season Maas began the year as the starter for the Tiger-Cats. They had another rough start to the season at 1–8, prompting the pick-up of NFL castoff, and 2004 CFL MOP, Casey Printers.
Traded to Montreal.
On Sept. 7, 2007, in the wake of Hamilton's signing of Casey Printers, recently cut by the Kansas City Chiefs, Hamilton traded Maas to the Montreal Alouettes in exchange for Canadian fullback Jeff Piercy. Maas initially refused to report to his new club, a move which momentarily held up formalization of the transaction. Maas served as the team's third string quarterback behind Marcus Brady and Anthony Calvillo. Mass saw limited time on the field with the Alouettes and was released on December 31, 2007.
Back to Edmonton.
January 16, 2008 the Edmonton Eskimos announced Jason Maas was back in the green and gold. Come training camp, Maas and Lefors battled for the second string quarterback spot but were both named 2 and 2A by head coach Danny Maciocca. Maas saw about two quarters of playing time in the second pre-season game of 2008 and impressed, completing 16 of 19 passes for 256 yards and a touchdown. Maas remained the Eskimos backup for 2009, but for 2010 seemed to have been demoted to third stringer early in the season in favour of Jared Zabransky. Maas's new tenure was rumored to be an apprenticeship for a coaching job within the organization. However, Maas wished to continue playing if he couldn't play for the Eskimos, so he was released on February 22, 2011 to potentially land with another team. Jason Maas officially retired May 26, 2011 from the CFL after an eleven-year career.
Coaching career.
Toronto Argonauts.
On December 20, 2011, Maas was named the receivers coach for the Toronto Argonauts. On February 24, 2012, it was announced that Maas would shift duties to become the quarterbacks coach.
Personal.
Maas's father, a police officer, was shot and killed when Maas was only ten. Maas is married and lives in Phoenix, AZ with daughter Makaela, son Garyn and wife Marjean.

</doc>
<doc id="2857491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857491" title="AVICINE">
AVICINE

AVICINE was developed by Sarepta Therapeutics. It is a cancer vaccine which was created to cause
an immune reaction to the tumor associated antigen, human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG).
This vaccine will be designed to work by actively stimulating immunization amongst tumor cells, or tumor associated antigens. These can be the keys to unlocking the cancer cells, making way for the therapeutic values of AVICINE.
Research behind the drug.
This particular vaccine is a synthesized formulation of peptides developed to create an unstable environment for the hCG-producing cancer cells. By joining them together with diphtheria toxoids, the AVICINE peptide formulation is able to cause a specific immune response to hCG which won’t interfere with related glycoprotein hormones.
Common elements between pregnancy and cancer.
During pregnancy, women naturally generate the hCG hormone, leading scientists to believe it stimulates growth and protects the developing fetus from auto-immune attack, therefore making the pregnancy successful. Cancer cells are believed to produce hCG for the same reasons. In both Cancer and Pregnancy hCG :
An anti-hCG vaccine would result in an immune attack on tumor cells, as well as prevent them from benefiting from hCG production.
Clinical Studies.
AVICINE has been shown to be effective in blocking fertility, suggesting that it should also work in fighting cancer. These studies also note that the drug will help in patient survival.

</doc>
<doc id="2857505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857505" title="Schleicher ASW 12">
Schleicher ASW 12

__NOTOC__
The ASW 12, initially known as the AS 12, is a single-seat Sailplane of glass composite construction. The wing is shoulder mounted and it has a T-tail. It is essentially a developed production version of the Akaflieg Darmstadt D-36.
History.
In 1965 Gerhard Waibel left the Technical University of Darmstadt to enter Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co as a designer. His first project for his new employer was the ASW 12. This sailplane achieved numerous records and victories in national and international competitions. The exploits of Hans-Werner Grosse in an ASW 12 are legendary, e.g. the 1461 km flight of April 25, 1972 from Lübeck to Biarritz which stood for thirty years as the absolute World Free Distance Record. Previously, on July 26, 1970, Ben Greene and Wally Scott co-set a World Free Distance Record by flying separate ASW-12 sailplanes a distance of from Odessa, TX to Columbus, NE.
Construction.
The fuselage of the ASW 12 was extremely slender for its time. It has a retractable landing gear and a two-piece canopy, of greater depth than was the case with the D-36. Each individual fuselage was manufactured - as with the D-36 - in two halves laid-up on positive molds. The construction material was a double sandwich of glass-fibre reinforced composite over balsa wood. This is an unusual and expensive procedure for serial production.
The wing planform is double-tapered. The profile is a modified Wortmann FX 62-K-131 at the wing root and a Wortmann FX 60-126 at the tip. The wings were built in the usual fashion in negative molds, and are also of fiberglass/balsa wood sandwich construction. Water ballasting is not available.
As a landing aid the ASW 12 possesses a braking parachute, an unreliable system that lacks modulation. A number of ASW 12 were retroffited with a second chute to increase the odds of successful landings.
References.
Sailplane Directory

</doc>
<doc id="2857516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857516" title="Thermoplasma">
Thermoplasma

In taxonomy, Thermoplasma is a genus of the Thermoplasmataceae.
Thermoplasma is a genus of archaea. It belongs to the Thermoplasmata, which thrive in acidic and high-temperature environments. "Thermoplasma" are facultative anaerobes and respire using sulfur and organic carbon. They do not contain a cell wall but instead contain a unique membrane composed mainly of a tetraether lipoglycan containing atypical archaeal tetraether lipid attached to a glucose- and mannose-containing oligosaccharide. This lipoglycan is presumably responsible for the acid and thermal stability of the "Thermoplasma" membrane. 
Currently the genus "Thermoplasma" contains two species, "T. acidophilum" and "T. volcanium".

</doc>
<doc id="2857518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857518" title="Thermoplasmata">
Thermoplasmata

In taxonomy, the Thermoplasmata are a class of the Euryarchaeota.
All are acidophiles, growing optimally at pH below 2. "Picrophilus" is currently the most acidophilic of all known organisms growing at a minimum pH of 0.06. Many of these organisms do not contain a cell wall, although this is not true in the case of "Picrophilus". Most members of Thermotoplasmata are thermophilic.

</doc>
<doc id="2857545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857545" title="Skelmersdale Branch">
Skelmersdale Branch

The Skelmersdale Branch railway (SKE) connected the Liverpool, Ormskirk and Preston Railway at Ormskirk with Rainford Junction (via Skelmersdale). At Rainford it connected with the Liverpool and Bury Railway and the St. Helens Railway. It was built by the East Lancashire Railway, which was taken over by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway shortly afterward. The steam railmotor which served the line was locally known as the "Skem Jazzer".
History.
Opened on 1 March 1858, passenger services ended 5 November 1956, with goods trains to Rainford ceasing on 16 November 1961 and to Skelmersdale on 4 November 1963. Since then Skelmersdale has had no rail connection but has grown considerably.
Re-opening proposals.
Proposals have been put forward for the reopening of a section of line, reconnecting trains for Skelmersdale into Merseyrail's Northern Line Ormskirk branch. In June 2009, the Association of Train Operating Companies, in its report, called for funding for the reopening of this station as part of a £500m scheme to open 33 stations on 14 lines closed in the Beeching Axe, including seven new parkway stations. The report proposes extending the line from Ormskirk railway station by laying 3 miles of new single track along the previous route towards Rainford Junction, at a cost estimated to be in the region of £31m. The route is largely intact, however deviation north of Westhead would be required. The proposed Skelmersdale station would be on the north west corner of the town near the Skelmersdale Ring Road, right next to where the old station once was.

</doc>
<doc id="2857555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857555" title="The Good Life (Kashmir album)">
The Good Life (Kashmir album)

The Good Life is a 1999 album by Danish rock group Kashmir, which served to greatly increase the popularity of the band. They changed their musical style from the genre of groovecore as seen in their earlier albums "Travelogue" and "Cruzential", into more soft rock. The group was rewarded with 6 Danish grammys for the album.

</doc>
<doc id="2857560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857560" title="Spoons (TV series)">
Spoons (TV series)

Spoons was a comedy sketch show first broadcast on the United Kingdom's Channel 4 from 30 September 2005. In the United States, "Spoons" is broadcast on BBC America. The relationship themed show combined recent trends in sketch shows—dark content, strong language, and recurring catchphrases.
It was produced by Endemol owned production company, Zeppotron.
Channel 4 didn't recommission the show for second series due to low ratings and bad reviews. 
The programme appeared at around the same time as two other similar sketch series based on relationships—Five's "Swinging" and BBC Three's "Man Stroke Woman".
Adaptation.
In March 2008, TV network ProSieben adapted a version of "Spoons" for German television. The show keeps the original English title, and recycles much of the humour from the original UK version.
DVD release.
The complete series featuring all six episodes was released on DVD in the UK on 20 August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2857568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857568" title="Carl Petersen (Danish politician)">
Carl Petersen (Danish politician)

Carl Petersen (1 May 1894 – 21 May 1984) was a Danish politician, representing the Social Democratic Party in Parliament ("Folketinget"). He served as Minister for Public Works in 1945, Traffic Minister from 1947 to 1950 and again from 1953 to 1955, Minister for Agriculture in 1950, and Interior Minister of Denmark from 30 August 1955 to 28 May 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="2857635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857635" title="Bicycle safety">
Bicycle safety

Bicycle safety is the use of practices designed to reduce risk associated with cycling. Some of this subject matter is hotly debated: for example, the discussions as to whether bicycle helmets or cyclepaths really deliver improved safety. The merits of obeying the rules of the road including the use of bicycle lighting at night are less controversial.
Crashes.
The first recorded bicycle crash occurred in 1842, reportedly between Kirkpatrick McMillan, an early rider of the velocipede, and a young girl in Glasgow. The report, however, is vague and the identification disputed.
Causes of crashes vary according to local conditions. A study conducted in 2000 by the Institute for Road Safety Research in the Netherlands found that single bicycle accidents accounted for 47% of all bicycle crashes, collisions with obstacles and animals accounted for 12%, and collisions with other road users accounted for 40%, with the remaining 1% having unknown or unclassified cause. Many bicycle crashes are unreported and therefore not included in official statistics. Prospective studies estimate that less than 10% of bicycle crashes are officially reported.
In the United Kingdom cyclists have half of the accident rate (killed and serious injury per km) of motorcyclists but eight times the rate for motorists.
Even minor bicycle crashes not involving hospitalisation can incur significant costs for the cyclist and others. The Belgian SHAPES project has recently estimated the cost at 0.12 euros per kilometre cycled.
A cyclist who is hit by a car is more likely to be killed than one who just falls off.
One hazard of pedal cycling is the wheels getting caught in tramlines.
Promoting safety.
As long ago as the early 1930s there were efforts to clear cyclists off the roads to make way for private cars, then largely a preserve of the elite. These were successful in Germany, then an authoritarian regime, and spread during the war to German-occupied countries such as the Netherlands where civilian motor transport was also crippled by fuel rationing, but was resisted in other countries.
Cycle Safe Signs.
In addition to traffic engineering, signage is increasingly used to try to prevent collisions between cyclists and motor vehicles. In the UK, following increased pressure from "The Times" "Cities Fit For Cycling" campaign and from other media in Spring 2012 to reduce collisions between large vehicles and cyclists, warning signs are now displayed on the backs of many HGVs. These signs are directed against a common type of accident which occurs when the large vehicle turns left at a junction: a cyclist trying to pass on the nearside can be crushed against the HGV's wheels, especially if the driver cannot see the cyclist. The signs, such as the winning design of the InTANDEM road safety competition launched in March 2012, advocate extra care when passing a large vehicle on the nearside.
Traffic engineering.
During the mid-20th century, the traffic engineering solutions were sought which eased the passage of traffic through the streets, and also protected vulnerable road users. In the 1940s, an influential proponent of this ideology was Herbert Alker Tripp, an assistant commissioner of London's Metropolitan Police. Tripp argued in his book "Town Planning and Road Traffic" that: "If we could segregate pedestrians completely from the
wheeled traffic, we could of course abolish pedestrian casualties".
This philosophy was also pursued by Colin Buchanan; his 1963 report for the UK Government "Traffic in Towns", defined future government policy until the end of the century. Buchanan knew that segregation had not been proven to work for cyclists: his 1958 book "Mixed Blessing" said: "The meagre efforts made to separate cyclists from motor traffic have failed, tracks are inadequate, the problem of treating them at junctions and intersections is completely unsolved, and the attitude of the cyclists themselves to these admittedly unsatisfactory tracks has not been as helpful as it might have been".
Appropriately designed segregated space for cyclists on arterial or interurban routes appears to reduce overall risk. In Ireland, the provision of hard shoulders on interurban routes in the 1970s reportedly resulted in a 50% decrease in accidents. It is reported that the Danes have also found that separate cycle tracks lead to a reduction in rural collisions.
In urban areas, contraflow cycling has recently been shown to reduce cycling accident risk. Contraflow cycling is often assumed to be associated with higher accidents risks, but where it has been properly evaluated, contraflow cycling actually seems to reduce the accidents risk.
Equipment.
Helmets.
Helmet use varies from almost none in some regions to being mandatory for children to being mandatory for all cyclists. Helmets are required in most races. The effectiveness of helmet use is hotly debated.
Lights.
Headlights and taillights may be mounted on the bicycle or worn by the cyclist. Lights may also be mounted on the wheels.
Bicycle lights can be powered by replaceable batteries, charged to an internal battery - from a USB connection or mains - or powered by a hub dynamo that stores energy generated by the wheels.
Since cycling lights are typically of lower power than those on motor vehicles, cycling lights are ineffective unless aimed straight forward (white front light) and straight back (red rear light) and parallel to the road. Lights mounted on a belt or bag cannot be consistently aimed in this way. Therefore, in order to be effective, the lights must be securely attached to the bicycle and properly aimed. In the US, state and local ordinances usually require this.
Audible signaling.
Bells or other audible signalling devices are required equipment in many jurisdictions.
Primary safety.
Primary safety education has advanced significantly through programmes such as Effective Cycling and the development of Britain's new National Standards for cycle training. In addition to technical improvements in brakes, tyres and bicycle construction generally (for example, it is now rare for a chain to snap and throw the rider when accelerating away from a stop) there are well-understood behavioural models which actively manage the risk posed by other road users.
Cycling experts such as the UK's John Franklin emphasise the importance of assertive cycling and good road positioning. Franklin advocates the use of road positions that will give cyclists a good view of the road, will make cyclists visible to other road-users, and will discourage risky behaviour by other road users; he often advocates the use of a centre-of-lane 'primary riding position' when negotiating hazards.
Motorist education.
Motorists in the Netherlands and Canada who go through driving education are trained to reach across their bodies when opening automobile doors to exit. This encourages the motorist to turn to get a clear view of any cyclist approaching the vehicle from behind who might collide with an opened door.
Rural safety.
Direct rear impacts with cyclists are a more prominent collision type in arterial/rural road type situations. When they occur in such circumstances they are also associated with significantly increased risk of fatality. Data collated by the OECD indicates that rural locations account for 35% or more of cycling fatalities in Denmark, Finland, France, Great Britain, Japan, the Netherlands, and Spain.
Overuse-related health problems.
In addition to injuries from collisions and falls, cyclists can also suffer overuse injuries, such as injuries to the neck, knees, and back, and damage to nerves, blood vessels and genito-urinary systems in the weight-bearing areas in the seat and hands. Overuse injuries among cyclists are often caused or aggravated by poor bicycle fit or adjustment.

</doc>
<doc id="2857636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857636" title="Eva Figes">
Eva Figes

Eva Figes (; 15 April 1932 – 28 August 2012) was an English author. Figes wrote novels, literary criticism, studies of feminism, and vivid memoirs relating to her Berlin childhood and later experiences as a Jewish refugee from Hitler's Germany.
Life.
Born Eva Unger, she arrived in Britain in 1939 with her parents and a younger brother.
After graduating B.A. with honours from Queen Mary College in London in 1953, she worked in publishing until 1967, when she became a full-time writer.
She was married in 1954 to John George Figes. They had two children: the writer Catherine J. ("Kate") Figes, and the academic Orlando G. Figes.
The marriage was dissolved by divorce in 1962.
In the 1960s she was associated with an informal group of experimental British writers influenced by Rayner Heppenstall that included Stefan Themerson, Ann Quin, Alan Burns, and its informal leader, B. S. Johnson.
Figes' 1983 novel, "Light", is an impressionistic portrait of a single day in the life of Claude Monet from sunrise to sunset. Her best known work is probably "Patriarchal Attitudes", a feminist polemic written in 1970, and she won the Guardian Fiction Prize for "Winter Journey" in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="2857652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857652" title="Let's Talk About Feelings">
Let's Talk About Feelings

"Let's Talk About Feelings" is the fifth full-length album released by the punk rock band Lagwagon.

</doc>
<doc id="2857653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857653" title="Gregers Birgersson">
Gregers Birgersson

Gregers Birgersson (died January 15, 1276) Greger/Gregory/Gregorius was a Swedish knight and an illegitimate son of Birger Jarl of Bjälbo, of the Folkung family. He was born out of wedlock by an unknown woman. He was the grandson of Magnus Minnesköld and Ingrid Ylva.
The proof that Birger Jarl had an illegitimate son, "Gregory" (i.e., Gregers) is in the record of his death (1276) found by the Danish 1600-century historian Otto Sperling excerpts from the transcript are also confirmed by a charter March 27, 1272, issued by the "G quondam ducis
Filius".
His death was recorded on January 15, 1276 he was buried in Minoriterna, a Franciscan monastery in Uppsala. Very little remains of the monastery, apparently it has been partially excavated and several graves were found.
He was a landowner in Bathing in North Yorkshire and the Arnön in Uppland and he was married to an unknown woman who owned an estate in Södermanland.
He is regarded in history as the father of the clan called “Folkungaättens oäkta gren” (the Folkung dynasty's illegitimate branch).

</doc>
<doc id="2857670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857670" title="Destroyer Duck">
Destroyer Duck

Destroyer Duck was an anthology comic book published by Eclipse Comics in 1982, as well as the title of its primary story, written by Steve Gerber and featuring artwork by Jack Kirby.
The book was published as a way to help Gerber raise funds for a lawsuit he was embroiled in at the time, in which he was battling industry giant Marvel Comics over the ownership of the character Howard the Duck, which Gerber created for the company in 1973.
Overview.
The main story of the comic told of Louis "Duke" Duck, a resident of a typical anthropomorphic comic-book world, who had witnessed his best friend, identified only as “The Little Guy” or “TLG,” vanish into thin air before his eyes. Some years later, TLG reappeared only to die at Duke’s feet—but not before telling the tale of how he was exploited and destroyed by a thoughtless conglomeration, “Godcorp.” Swearing revenge, Duke vowed to take down Godcorp no matter the cost. 
Subsequent "Destroyer Duck" tales would reveal that the Little Guy who died at Duke’s feet was in fact a clone, and the original was still held captive by Godcorp; eventually, Gerber (by that point on better terms with Marvel, the lawsuit having long since been settled) revealed that The Little Guy’s real name was actually “Leonard”—a new duck character that, for all intents, was identical in every way (except in name and character ownership) to Howard.
The stories introduced sentient scented dolls and Wobbelina Strangelegs, who nearly got her own one-shot. After five issues, Gerber gave up writing the title, but remained its editor. Buzz Dixon wrote the last two issues, about a STD-infected parody of "Gilligan’s Island". Frank Miller drew the cover of the final issue. The seven issues of the comic were published very sporadically.
Issue #1 of the original "Destroyer Duck" series, labeled the "Special Lawsuit Benefit Edition", is notable for containing the first appearance of Sergio Aragonés’s Groo the Wanderer and also featuring additional stories by Mark Evanier, Dan Spiegle, Shary Flenniken, Martin Pasko, and Joe Staton.
The rest of the series contained the back-up feature "The Starling", written by Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel, with art by Val Mayerik.
In 1994, while Gerber was working at Image for Top Cow Studio on "Codename: Strykeforce", Gerber planned for issue 14 to use Destroyer Duck. At the last minute, Marc Silvestri declined, forcing Gerber and his editor, David Wohl, to revise the story. Destroyer Duck doesn't appear as such in the story, but Gerber introduces Specimen Q, a mysterious character imprisoned in his armor, who is Destroyer Duck as readers will learn in the Savage Dragon/Destroyer Duck one-shot in 1996.
Collection.
"Destroyer Duck", About Comics, July 2007 (announced; never released) 

</doc>
<doc id="2857671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857671" title="Jack Lesberg">
Jack Lesberg

Jack Lesberg (February 14, 1920 – September 17, 2005) was a jazz double-bassist. 
He performed with many famous jazz musicians, including Louis Armstrong, Earl Hines, Jack Teagarden, Sarah Vaughan and Benny Goodman, with whom he went on several international tours. 
Lesberg had the misfortune of playing in the Cocoanut Grove on the night in 1942 when 492 people lost their lives in a fire. His escape was memorialized by fellow bassist Charles Mingus in an unpublished section of Mingus's autobiography "Beneath the Underdog"; this passage was read by rapper Chuck D. on the Mingus tribute album "Weird Nightmare". According to Mingus's telling, Lesberg used his double bass to "make a door" inside the club which aided in his escape.
Lesberg continued to tour in the 1980s and was interviewed for KCEA radio in 1984 following a performance in Menlo Park, California. During the taped interview Jack spoke of the many bands and performers he worked with and expressed his feelings that he felt blessed to be a musician.

</doc>
<doc id="2857672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857672" title="Bob Gregory">
Bob Gregory

Robert P. Gregory (October 20, 1921 – December 5, 2003) was an American comics artist and writer best known for writing and/or drawing hundreds of Gold Key comics starring the Walt Disney Pictures character Donald Duck.
Biography.
Bob Gregory attended the Otis Art Institute and fought in World War II before working as a technical illustrator for an aircraft manufacturer. He began submitting art sketches to Western Publishing, for which he began freelancing on a steady basis in 1958 — first as a writer, then as a writer-artist both writer and artist — on many of Western's funny animal comics, including the Donald Duck comics produced under license by Western's Gold Key Comics. 
He introduced the Billionaires Club of Duckburg, where Scrooge McDuck is a member, in the story "The Christmas Cha Cha" (1959), written by Gregory and illustrated by Carl Barks. After having done Scrooge McDuck universe comics only in his early career, he started doing "Aristocats" stories in the 1970s, when he also penciled most issues of "Daisy and Donald", co-starring Daisy Duck. Gregory did some other comics as well.
His World War II memoirs, "Letters from the South Pacific", was published in 1996.
The official cause of death was listed as pneumonia.
Gregory's daughter, Roberta Gregory, is also a cartoonist, best known for her character Bitchy Bitch.

</doc>
<doc id="2857673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857673" title="François de La Rochefoucauld">
François de La Rochefoucauld

François de La Rochefoucauld may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2857690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857690" title="William Kingston Vickery">
William Kingston Vickery

William Kingston Vickery (16 March 1851 – 25 March 1925) was an Irish-American picture dealer who founded the San Francisco interior design firm and art gallery of Vickery, Atkins & Torrey. His art exhibitions are credited with bringing French Impressionism to the attention of Californians.
Early life.
William was born 16 March 1851, Ballydehob, County Cork, Ireland to Paul and Mary Anne Levis Vickery. Paul Vickery died young and Mary Anne supported the family by successfully running the family store in Skibbereen. Paul and Mary Anne had ten children:
William went to school in Skibbereen and subsequently to the Blue Coat School (known more formally as The King's Hospital) in Dublin. When he finished school he went to work for a Dublin bank. The bank sent him to the West Indies to check on various accounts. While there, he made a trip to northern South America. He went by dugout canoe up the Essequibo River. Later, a San Francisco newspaper referred to him as "the adventuresome Mr. Vickery".
When he came down with tuberculosis, the family sent him to California to get well (or die). He travelled by way of New York where his brother-in-law Fred Keppel had a well-known art store. Fred Keppel dealt primarily in etchings as he was color blind. He gave William a consignment of etchings to sell, if he could, in San Francisco. William did not take the recently completed transcontinental railroad, but went by ship to Nicaragua, portaged across to the Pacific, and continued by ship to San Francisco. In 1880, he was living in San Rafael, Marin County, where he was able to follow doctor's orders to lead an outdoor life of activities such as horseback riding. It worked. He got well.
Family.
After establishing himself in California and regaining his health, William wrote to his sweetheart, Sarah Keppel (1852–1917), in Ireland, "come marry me". She did. They had 3 children:
Vickery, Atkins & Torrey.
William began his art business by opening a little kiosk against the wall of the Palace Hotel on Market Street in San Francisco. As the business became established and grew, his nephew Henry Atkins joined in 1888 and Frederic Cheever Torrey (1864–1935) in 1891 or so. In 1900 the company became Vickery, Atkins & Torrey.
In March 1891, and again in 1893 and 1895, William Vickery supervised a series of loan exhibitions that introduced Impressionism to California. These exhibitions included paintings by Monet, Eugene Boudin, Camille Pissarro, Pierre Renoir, and Edgar Degas.
Vickery, Atkins & Torrey survived both the Panic of 1893 and the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, due in part to the resourcefulness of William Vickery.
In the Panic of 1893, people were just not buying fine art for Christmas presents. Vickery suggested to his customers, "why not remember them with a lovely Christmas card?” He got his Haddan nieces (who lived next door) to mount up as Christmas cards a large collection of post cards from the Museo San Marco of Florence, Italy. The cards were of Fra Angelico angels in gorgeous color. These were the first Christmas cards in San Francisco.
When the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire hit, the store was at 236 Post Street. His youngest son, Robert, recounted rushing (by ferry boat) with his father to San Francisco and the store. Had a pair of very valuable Chinese porcelain jars on the mantel survived? Yes, they had fallen off the mantel and rolled under a couch unharmed. General Funston of the Presidio sent a wagon to help save the store's treasures. While the store survived the earthquake, it was dynamited to help stop the great fire. The store relocated temporarily to 1744 California Street. The new store was at 550 Sutter Street. It had a charming courtyard, fountain, and wrought iron gate. It still stands.
William Vickery retired from the business in 1912.
Retirement.
After retiring from the business in 1912, William and Sarah moved from their home on Kingston Avenue in Piedmont, California to Saratoga, California. They had bought 10 acres in the foothills of the Santa Clara Valley from an Edinburgh, Scotland land company that had purchased the area from the original Mexican land grantees. They lived in a comfortable house with a sweeping view of the valley built for them by their son Robert.
William died in Saratoga on 25 March 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="2857738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857738" title="Bridget Marquardt">
Bridget Marquardt

Bridget Christina Marquardt (née Sandmeier; born September 25, 1973) is an American television personality, model, and actress. She is best known for her role on the reality television series "The Girls Next Door", which depicts her life as one of "Playboy" magazine publisher Hugh Hefner's girlfriends. Although not a Playboy Playmate, she has appeared in nude pictorials with her "Girls Next Door" costars and fellow Hefner girlfriends Holly Madison and Kendra Wilkinson.
Early life.
Bridget Christina Sandmeier was born in Tillamook, Oregon. Shortly after her birth, Marquardt's mother moved the family back to California, where Marquardt was raised. Her parents divorced when Marquardt was in the fifth grade. Her mother remarried, and Marquardt and her younger brother Edward moved to their stepfather's ranch, where they later gained a half-sister, Anastasia. Marquardt attended Galt High School for her freshman and sophomore years and then transferred to Lodi High School, from which she graduated in 1990.
Marquardt graduated from San Joaquin Delta College with an Associate Degree. She matriculated to California State University, Sacramento and graduated in 1998 with a B.A. in communications and an emphasis on public relations. In 2001, she earned her Master's Degree in Communications from the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California. 
She later took a graduate level course in broadcast journalism through UCLA Extension, which was depicted on the first season of "The Girls Next Door", most notably when she had to walk out of her first "Playboy" shoot to attend her final exam. 
Career.
On the advice of friends who suggested she pose for "Playboy" magazine, Marquardt sent a letter to "Playboy", inquiring how to become a Playmate, before enrolling at San Joaquin Delta College. In 1998, aged 25, she entered Playboy's Millennium Playmate search. In 2001, Marquardt moved to Los Angeles, California and did local modeling jobs and small acting roles. After unsuccessfully testing twice for "Playboy", she was invited to the Playboy Mansion and soon became a regular there. In October 2002, after more than a year of visiting the Mansion, she was invited to move in and become one of Hefner's girlfriends. 
Marquardt is featured on the E! TV show "The Girls Next Door", and has appeared with Holly Madison and Kendra Wilkinson in three cover pictorials in "Playboy" magazine, the November 2005, September 2006 and March 2008 issues. She has appeared in several films, including the horror/comedy "Kottentail" in which she portrays a scientist doing genetic research on rabbits. She appeared in an episode of "Curb Your Enthusiasm" as herself along with Madison and Hefner in 2005. She also appeared as herself along with Madison, Wilkinson and Hefner in the "Entourage" episode "Aquamansion". The episode's final act took place at the Playboy Mansion. She appeared in "The House Bunny" with her fellow models and Hefner alongside Anna Faris. 
Marquardt appeared in a 2002 episode of "The Man Show" as one of Hefner's playmates in the video game "", which was released in January 2005, as well as in an episode of "Celebrity Paranormal Project" which aired on November 19, 2006. She took an online paranormal course because of her interest in paranormal activity. On June 1, 2007, she started her "Bridget & Wednesday Friday Show" on Sirius Radio's Playboy station. In August of that year, she, Madison and Wilkinson appeared in the music video for Nickelback song "Rockstar". Later that October, Marquardt appeared as a contestant on the Fox Reality cable show "The Search for the Next Elvira". She was one of the final six out of 20 contestants. 
In 2008, Marquardt appeared on an episode of NBC's "Last Comic Standing" along with Wilkinson and Madison in an episode in which the girls were told funny "bedtime stories" by the competing comics. In June of that year, Marquardt landed her own TV series, "Bridget's Sexiest Beaches", which aired on the Travel Channel. Marquardt and the rest of the Girls Next Door appeared in a July 1, 2008 episode of NBC’s "Celebrity Family Feud".
February 2009 marked Marquardt final appearance in Playboy, in a nude photo spread shot with Madison and Wilkinson that was touted as a farewell to the "Girls Next Door". After leaving Playboy, she hosted "Bridget's Sexiest Beaches", a TV series on Travel Channel, which debuted on March 12, 2009, but ended after one season. 
In April 2010, Marquardt announced plans for her own reality show. The pilot was to begin shooting in April and would cover her life after leaving the Playboy Mansion, and on her current relationships. She stated on Twitter "I shot a pilot for a reality show that E! has been sitting on for a few months". In March 2011, she announced via Twitter that E! decided to not pick up her reality show but stated that she is looking forward to other opportunities.
In 2012, she worked as a contributor to Yahoo's "Animal Nation" series, writing articles and shooting related short documentary pieces.
Personal life.
In the September 17, 2007 issue of "Star" magazine, Marquardt stated that she was married, but separated and had been living in the Playboy mansion since October 2002. According to the interview, her husband supported her move to Los Angeles, that they remained friends, and that they were in the process of divorcing. 
On September 25, 2008, Bridget told E! News, "I married my best friend when I was 23, but when I realized I wanted to move to LA to follow my dreams, we separated and eventually divorced." In a December 2008 interview, Marquardt stated that she was single, and in early January 2009, it was reported that Marquardt had moved out of the Playboy Mansion to "become her own person."
In late 2008, Marquardt began dating director Nicholas Carpenter. They live together in a house Marquardt purchased in Sherman Oaks. As seen on various episodes of "The Girls Next Door", Marquardt has a Pekingese dog named Wednesday, or "Winnie", and a black Persian cat named Gizmo.

</doc>
<doc id="2857741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857741" title="Hansa (car)">
Hansa (car)

Hansa-Automobil Gesellschaft m.b.H was a German car brand established in 1905, which in 1914 was merged with "Norddeutsche Automobil und Motoren AG" (NAMAG) into Hansa-Lloyd-Werke A.G.. From 1929 to 1931 it was taken over by the Borgward group. Hansa was based in the Bremen suburb of Hastedt.
History.
The Hansa automotive company had been established as a car and truck makers since 1905. During the Great Depression in 1929, Hansa-Lloyd was bought by Carl F. W. Borgward as the factory was conveniently located opposite to his own Goliath factory on Föhrenstrasse in Bremen-Hastedt. The range of trucks of Hansa-Lloyd was complementing the Goliath range, and the purchase allowed Carl Borgward to fulfill his dream to produce his own cars.
Carl Borgward stopped Hansa-Lloyd's production of luxury cars, but continued its line of trucks until 1937. From 1933 onwards the brand name "Hansa" became the name of several Borgward passenger car models. The Hansa Konsul and Hansa Matador were introduced and shortly thereafter the small rear-engined Hansa 400 and 500. 
In April 1933 the tax rules which were favoring small cars such as the Hansa 400 were abolished. Borgward decided to produce the new Hansa 1100 four-cylinder two-door all-steel Sedan, and then the six-cylinder 1700 and 2000. From 1939, the 2000 carried the Borgward brand. The name Hansa started to be phased out, becoming Hansa Borgward, then Borgward Hansa and finally Borgward.
In the Second World War, the Bremen factory was completely destroyed. 
Post war.
The Borgward Hansa 1500, sold from 1949 onwards, was the first new car construction in Germany, followed by the Borgward Hansa 2400 large fastback sedan in 1952. From 1958, during the last three years of production, the former Goliath 1100 automobile were sold under the Hansa 1100 brand name until the Borgward group collapsed in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="2857743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857743" title="Changes (David Bowie song)">
Changes (David Bowie song)

"Changes" is a song by David Bowie, originally released on the album "Hunky Dory" in December 1971 and as a single in January 1972. Despite missing the Top 40, "Changes" became one of Bowie's best-known songs. The lyrics are often seen as a manifesto for his chameleonic personality, the frequent change of the world today, and frequent reinventions of his musical style throughout the 1970s. This single is cited as David Bowie's official North American debut, despite the fact that the song "The Man Who Sold the World" was released in North America two years prior. This is the last song Bowie performed live on stage before his retirement from live performances at the end of 2006.
Music and lyrics.
Bowie has said that the track "started out as a parody of a nightclub song, a kind of throwaway". The musical arrangement featured the composer's saxophone, Rick Wakeman's keyboards and Mick Ronson's strings, while the stuttering chorus has been compared to The Who.
The lyrics focused on the compulsive nature of artistic reinvention ("Strange fascination, fascinating me / Changes are taking the pace I'm going through") and distancing oneself from the rock mainstream ("Look out, you rock 'n' rollers"). The song has also been interpreted as touting "Modern Kids as a New Race", a theme echoed on the following album track, "Oh! You Pretty Things". "Rolling Stone"'s contemporary review of "Hunky Dory" considered that "Changes" could be "construed as a young man's attempt to reckon how he'll react when it's his time to be on the maligned side of the generation schism".
Release and aftermath.
The composer having agreed to Peter Noone covering "Oh! You Pretty Things", which later commentators have argued was the obvious single from "Hunky Dory", "Changes" was chosen for a 45 release in January 1972. Like the album, it generated good reviews but negligible chart action, peaking just outside the US Top 40 and failing in Britain.
The song was a regular feature of Bowie's live performances as Ziggy Stardust in 1972–73, appearing again on the "Diamond Dogs" tour in 1974 and the "Station to Station" tour in 1976. According to Bowie, "it turned into this monster that nobody would stop asking for at concerts: " 'Dye-vid, Dye-vid – do Changes!' " I had "no" idea it would become such a popular thing." The song is ranked at number 127 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's 2004 list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Other releases.
Bowie hit compilations rarely omit "Changes" despite its lack of chart success – indeed, the retrospectives "Changesonebowie" (1976), "Changestwobowie" (1981) and "Changesbowie" (1990) have taken their titles from the song.

</doc>
<doc id="2857744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857744" title="The High Water Marks">
The High Water Marks

The High Water Marks is an indie rock band associated with the Elephant 6 collective. The band has two lead creative members, Hilarie Sidney and Per Ole Bratset, who co-write the band's music.
Band history.
Hilarie Sidney, drummer for The Apples in Stereo and Per Ole Bratset of the band Palermo met during an Apples in Stereo performance in Oslo, Norway. The two became friends and began recording songs together through the mail before deciding to record together in the United States. During this time, the band's debut album "Songs About the Ocean" was recorded with Sidney and Bratset performing all of the instruments themselves.
Sidney and Bratset, now married, were joined by Jim Lindsay (former Oranger member and Preston School of Industry contributor) and Mike Snowden (known for his work in Von Hemmling and Real Numbers) to play drums and bass, respectively. With this four member lineup, The High Water Marks recorded the album "Polar", which was released September 2007.
In 2012, The High Water Marks released "Pretending to be Loud" digitally as a free download through their own bandcamp website. The album got a physical release the same year on Jigsaw Records. Pretending to be Loud was recorded as duo with Hilarie Sidney and Per Bratset playing all the instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="2857765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857765" title="National Oilwell Varco">
National Oilwell Varco

National Oilwell Varco (NOV) is an American multinational corporation based in Greater Sharpstown, Houston, Texas. It is a leading worldwide provider of equipment and components used in oil and gas drilling and production operations, oilfield services, and supply chain integration services to the upstream oil and gas industry. The company conducts operations in more than 1,200 locations across six continents.
The Company’s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “NOV”. The company operates through four reporting segments that were reorganized in 2014: Rig Systems, Rig Aftermarket, Completion and Production Solutions, and Wellbore Technologies. 
Products include all the heavy hardware for oil well drilling as well as drilling instrumentation and controls and drilling power generation and control. A partial list of heavy hardware includes topdrives, rotarys, drawworks, derricks, BOPs (blowout preventers), mud pumps, riser equipment, and complete drilling rigs. Products also include instruments and controls required on the rig floor for the drilling operation. This includes sophisticated electronics for precise control, such as the control system Cyberbase. NOV also produces control electronics for power generation and control of drilling motors and motor control centers for AC motor control.
In 2008, the "Houston Chronicle" ranked National Oilwell Varco as the best company in Greater Houston. In 2007 the newspaper ranked National Oilwell Varco number 15.
NOV is the Houston area's largest employer with more than 14,500 workers in the region, according to Houston Business Journal research.
History.
National Oilwell's two main predecessors, Oilwell Supply and National Supply, were founded in 1862 and 1893, respectively. These two companies manufactured and distributed pumps and derricks.
In 1930, United States Steel acquired Oilwell Supply. In 1958, Armco Steel merged with National Supply. In 1987, National Supply merged with USS Oilwell to become National Oilwell.
Varco was founded as Abegg and Reinhold Company by Walter Abegg and Baldwin Reinhold in 1908, renaming to Vuilleumiere, Abegg and Reinhold Company after Edgar Vuilleumiere became a partner in 1915, and Varco International in 1973.
In 2005, National Oilwell and Varco merged to become National Oilwell Varco.
In 2014, Clay Williams took over as CEO, succeeding former CEO Pete Miller, who served as NOV's CEO for nearly 13 years. Miller will become Executive Chairman of the National Oilwell Varco spinoff company, DistributionNow.
The company now employs nearly 64,000 people and has over 1,200 facilities across six continents worldwide.
In February 2012 NOV acquired a Russian coring company Interval Ltd. This transaction was facilitated by Iris Capital Partners LLC.
References.
NOV branches.
External links.
Human capital Management

</doc>
<doc id="2857789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857789" title="Rural crafts">
Rural crafts

Rural crafts refers to the traditional crafts production that is carried on, simply for everyday practical use, in the agricultural countryside. Once widespread and commonplace, the survival of some rural crafts is now in doubt according to the report 'Mapping Heritage Craft' (Nov 2012). 
Not being generally produced for sale, they do not fall under the description of handicraft. Not being produced as a hobby, they do not qualify as arts and crafts. Not (until very recently) being produced by a dedicated full-time worker, but rather being part of a general repertoire of skills, they have not been produced for sale by an artisan class of makers. The exceptions to the latter would be the wheelwrights, saddle-makers and blacksmiths.
Examples of rural crafts would be:
A wide variety of joinery construction in wood was also practiced, from tool-making through gate-making and wheel-making, to full-scale barn building. Some add skills such as beekeeping and path laying to the list of rural crafts. In coastal areas, there are additional crafts associated with the sea; such as net making for fishing, and small boat making.
Rural crafts will tend to vary in their styles from place to place, and will thus often contribute strongly to a sense of place.
Offering training courses in, and demonstrations of, rural crafts is now becoming a viable job in some parts of the British Isles, and thus contributing to the development of tourism. Artists such as Andy Goldsworthy are also exploring the artistic possibilities of applying rural crafts techniques to the making of outdoor sculptural art.
The rural crafts are to be distinguished from the pseudo-primitive "rustic" handicraft goods often seen in rural gift shops.

</doc>
<doc id="2857794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857794" title="Stark Tower">
Stark Tower

The Stark Tower Complex is a fictional high-rise building complex which appears in publications by Marvel Comics. Located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, USA, the complex is named after its owner Tony Stark, who is the alter ego of the superhero Iron Man. The structure is composed of a 93-story Main Tower flanked by a 35-story South Building and 55-story North Building. Located at the top of the Main Tower was the Watchtower of the superhero The Sentry, but it has been replaced by Heimdall's observatory. The Main Tower is informally known as Avengers Tower, as it serves as the headquarters of the superhero team, the Avengers, similar to the Avengers Mansion.
Fictional history.
The Stark Tower Complex was built as a world-class financial and business facility to complement the Midtown Manhattan business district. The building was completed as a gleaming beacon of modern architecture after four years of excavation and construction. It is located in the vicinity of Manhattan's Columbus Circle approximately 10 blocks north of the Baxter Building, headquarters of the superhero team the Fantastic Four. 
While initially intending to use the top three floors of the Main Tower as his state-of-the-art bachelor pad, Stark gave them over to the Avengers as their base of operations after their former base, Avengers Mansion, was destroyed. Longtime caretaker of the Avengers Mansion Edwin Jarvis was asked to resume his duties in the new location. Later, when the Sentry became a member of the Avengers, his long-hidden Watchtower appeared, integrating itself atop the Main Tower, fully integrated into the building's existing architecture. Serving as both Sentry's headquarters and as the private residences of Robert Reynolds and his wife Lindy, the 20-story watchtower is operated and maintained by CLOC (Centrally Located Organic Computer), a near-sentient computer of Sentry's own design. The lower levels of the Main Tower, along with both the South and North Buildings, are largely occupied with Stark's subsidiaries and non-profit organizations.
After the passing of the Superhuman Registration Act (SRA), Iron Man was tapped to head the task force charged with enforcing the Act. Subsequently, Stark Tower became the base of operations of the task force. The controversy surrounding the SRA broke the Avengers team apart leaving Tony Stark to form a new team, the Mighty Avengers, who continue to occupy the Main Tower's higher levels. When the Tower became the headquarters of the SRA task force, it was assigned by the government a squad of Cape-Killer guards with the call sign "Force Unit 9".
During the events of World War Hulk, a violent battle between The Hulk and Iron Man nearly caused the collapse of Stark Tower. The tower was rebuilt by Stark under his S.H.I.E.L.D. organization, making it S.H.I.E.L.D. property.
Stark Tower becomes the setting for a multi-issue conflict between humans and a murderous Skrull hunting them for sport. During the "Secret Invasion", many non-powered New York citizens, including "Daily Bugle" reporter Ben Urich, end up at Stark Tower. Unfortunately, it had become the hunting ground for a Skrull. He is shown killing most of the members of a design firm that had rented space in the building. Ben Urich regains control of the security shutters and the Skrull is tricked into throwing itself out a high window. It dies on impact.
When Norman Osborn took over S.H.I.E.L.D., and renamed it H.A.M.M.E.R., he also took ownership of the tower. After Osborn is removed from power following the Siege of Asgard, the tower is returned to Stark. With the Sentry's death, his watch tower disappeared from the rooftop where it is replaced by Heimdall's observatory as sign of solidarity between Earth and Asgard.
During the events of the "Fear Itself" storyline, Thing acquired a hammer. This transformed him into a being with Asgardian-like power called Angir: Breaker of Souls. Red Hulk started to fight him to protect the innocents, but got batted away by Thing. Red Hulk survived though and to try and remedy it, Thing tossed his hammer through Avengers Tower, bringing it down onto Red Hulk.
A new Stark Tower was later built on the site of the original. The structure currently acts as the headquarters of the Avengers.
Other versions.
Marvel Adventures.
Stark Tower serves as the Avengers' base in "". The roster who live in it are Captain America, Iron Man, The Hulk, Spider-Man. Giant Girl, Wolverine, and Storm.
Bibliography.
"Mighty Avengers: Most Wanted Files" - Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe one-shot (June 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="2857795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857795" title="Inverse (mathematics)">
Inverse (mathematics)


</doc>
<doc id="2857796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857796" title="On a Day Like Today (album)">
On a Day Like Today (album)

On a Day Like Today is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams, released in 1998. Bryan recruited producer Bob Rock for this album. Bryan wanted to produce a hit album after critics panned his last studio album.
Reception.
"On a Day Like Today" was a success around the world, however at the time in the U.S. market, it became the first of Adams' albums since 1983's "Cuts Like a Knife" not to obtain a platinum sales certification. According to AllMusic, the record company didn't do a lot of advertising for album, as Adams and this album got caught when his record company sold his recording contract to rap label Interscope, who in turn did very little in the USA to promote it.
Charts.
The album reached #3 in Canada & #11 in the UK.
"On a Day Like Today" was the first single released. It reached #13 in the UK and #1 on the Canadian Singles Chart. When You're Gone, the second single, was a smash hit reaching #3 on the UK Chart and was in the Top 10 for ten weeks. It reached #11 in Canada. Cloud Number Nine reached #6 in the UK and #7 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2857798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857798" title="Salvador Puig Antich">
Salvador Puig Antich

Salvador Puig Antich (; May 30, 1948 – March 2, 1974) was an anarchist, born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain and active during the 1960s. A member of the Iberian Liberation Movement "(Movimiento Ibérico de Liberación) (MIL)", he was executed by the Francoist regime after being tried by a military tribunal and found guilty of the death of a Guardia Civil (Spanish gendarme). His execution was very unpopular; the Catalan painter Antoni Tàpies made a series of lithographs called "Assassins" and displayed them in the Galerie Maeght in Paris, in honour of Puig Antich's memory. The Groupes d'action révolutionnaire internationalistes (GARI) were formed after his death.
Life.
A child of a middle-class working family, Salvador was the third of six siblings. His father, Joaquim Puig, had been a militant in Acció Catalana, a Catalan political movement, during the times of the Second Spanish Republic. After being exiled in France in a refugee camp in Argelès-sur-Mer, he was condemned to death upon his return to Spain but then reprieved.
Salvador began studying in the religious school La Salle Bonanova until he was expelled for indiscipline, after that he studied as a boarder with the Salesians in Mataró. From the age of 16, Salvador combined office work with night studies at the Maragall Institute, where he made friends with Xavier Garriga and the Solé Sugranyes brothers (Oriol and Ignasi), who would be future comrades of him in the "Movimiento Ibérico de Liberación" (MIL), an anarchist group fighting against the Franco regime and capitalism.
The events of May 1968 in France were decisive in Puig Antich deciding to involve himself in the fight against the Franco dictatorship. His first involvement was in the Workers' Commissions ("Comisiones Obreras" CCOO), formed partly by the Student Commission of the Maragall Institute. Ideologically, he quickly became attracted to anarchist positions, that reject any type of hierarchy and coercion within political organizations and unions in the fight for the emancipation of the working classes. After beginning university studies in Economics, Puig Antich did military service in Ibiza, working in the barrack's clinic. Upon completing his service, Puig Antich became part of the MIL, as a part of its military branch. Puig Antich participated in the group's actions, which mostly meant being a driver during bank robberies (""expropriations""). The money gained went to promote the group's clandestine publications, and to support strikers and detained workers.
Puig Antich and his comrades moved around easily in clandestine circles and often travelled to the south of France, where they linked up with the old militants of the CNT-F.
They congregated in August 1973 in France to hold a MIL conference. The following month, after an attack on an office of the Savings and Pension Bank of Barcelona "La Caixa", a strong offensive against the MIL began.
First to fall in this offensive were Oriol Sole Sugranyes and Josep Lluis Pons Llobet, and then Santi Soler, who was detained, interrogated, and tortured, finally confessing the secret meeting places of his comrades. Soler was used as a trap by plainclothes officers to detain Xavier Garriga and Puig Antich. The meticulously prepared operation took place on 25 September 1973 in Barcelona. The two anarchists were detained, and immediately afterwards, a shootout occurred in which Puig Antich was badly injured and a young Guardia Civil, Francisco Anguas Barragán, was killed.
Puig Antich was gaoled, accused of having fired the shots that killed Anguas Barragán, and after being tried by a court martial he was condemned to death. In some parts of Europe, and as far away as Argentina, there were demonstrations demanding the commutation of the execution, but Franco stayed firm and did not concede. Puig Antich, then 25 years old, was executed by garrote in a cell of the central Barcelona prison (La Model) on 2 March 1974 at 09:40.
Along with the execution of Heinz Chez on the same day, this was the last use of the garrote as a method of execution in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2857818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857818" title="Malate, Manila">
Malate, Manila

Malate is an old district of the city of Manila in Metro Manila, the Philippines. The district is located at the southern end of the city of Manila, bordered by the city of Pasay to the south, by Manila Bay to the west, by the district of Ermita to the north and by the districts of Paco and San Andres to the east.
Etymology.
The word "Malate" is believed to have stemmed from the corruption of the Tagalog word "maalat," meaning "salty." Local legends tell that tidewaters from Manila Bay flowed far inland and the seawater polluted the fresh water collected from wells, thus making the drinking water in the area as salty as seawater.
History.
Malate during the Spanish colonial period was an open space with a small fishing village. During the Spanish period, the center of activity was focused around the Malate church, the Our Lady of Remedios Parish that had a cult following among pregnant women having a difficult pregnancy.
When the Americans came to the country by the turn of the 19th century, American urban planners envisioned the development of Malate as the newest and trendiest exclusive residential area for American families. American expatriates and some of the old Spanish mestizo families populated the district in modern high rise apartments and bungalows.
Despite extensive damage after the Second World War, many homes and buildings were still standing. The displaced wealthy families who evacuated their homes during the war returned and re-built their private villas and kept the whole district exclusively residential until the 1970s.
The once exclusive residential areas on the western portion of Malate began to transform in the 1970s into a commercial area with some large homes and residential apartments being converted into small hotels, specialty restaurants and cafes.
During the presidency of Ferdinand Marcos, visual and performing artists found a haven in Malate during the 1980s and it became a bohemian enclave and safe haven.
Malate is continuously transforming itself as the center of recreation and entertainment for Manila with more restaurants, boutiques, bars, discos and novelty stores opening for business. The block bounded by the streets; Maria Orosa, Julio Nakpil, Adriatico and Remedios have become synonymous to "street parties," al fresco dining, street dancing and concerts.
Malate has been called a center of gay night life in the Philippines, and has a Gay Pride Parade every year.
The western side of Malate across Taft Avenue remains a quiet middle-class area with several apartment rows converted into dormitories for students enrolled at nearby schools.
Accessibility.
The district can be directly accessed by the main roads like the Roxas Boulevard, Quirino Avenue and Taft Avenue.
The Light Rail Transit (LRT-1) follows Taft Avenue and stops at two stations located in Malate, Vito Cruz Station and Quirino Station.
Economy.
Government offices.
The country's forefront financial agencies like the Department of Finance, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas or BSP (Philippines Central Bank) and lending institution LandBank of the Philippines established their headquarters in the district, while the National Naval Command Headquarters of the Philippine Navy, a unit of the Armed Forces of the Philippines is at the boundary limits of Manila and the city of Pasay along Roxas Boulevard. The Bureau of Plant Industry is also headquartered in the area.
Facilities.
In the 1990s, Malate and the nearby district of Ermita had been "cleaned-up" and big businesses and resort hotels have sprouted in the district.
Harrison Plaza, Manila's first enclosed modern mall, is located in the Malate district. 
There is one hospital, the Ospital ng Maynila Medical Center, located at the corner of Roxas Boulevard and Quirino Avenue.
Education.
Malate is home to several educational institutions such as St. Scholastica's College, De La Salle – College of Saint Benilde, De La Salle University, the Philippine Christian University, the Philippine Women's University, St. Paul's College, and for secondary-level education is the Jose Abad Santos Memorial School (JASMS), Jesus Reigns Christian Academy and Malate Catholic School.
The only public school managed and operated by the city government of Manila in the district is the Doña Aurora Quezon Elementary School.
Recreation.
The district is also home to the Philippine's first sports stadium, the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex and the country's premiere zoological park, the Manila Zoological and Botanical Garden. Promenades and parks by the Manila Bay have been made more convenient and safe with the opening of the Manila Baywalk area and the renovated Plaza Rajah Sulayman.
References.
MALATE.COM - Malate District, City of Manila

</doc>
<doc id="2857833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857833" title="Mostowfi ol-Mamalek">
Mostowfi ol-Mamalek

Mirza Hasan Ashtiani Mostowfi ol-Mamalek or Mirza Hasan Mostofi al-Mamaleki, also Mostofialmamalek, Mustawfi al Mamalek, Mustawfi al Mamalik or Mostofi ul-Mamalek (October 5, 1874 – August 27, 1932) was an Iranian Politician who served as Prime Minister of Iran on six separate occasions.
Early life.
Mostowfi al-Mamalek came from an important aristocratic and well-known family of high-ranking bureaucrats during the Qajar era, originally from the province of Ashtian. The family are said to have their origins with the Safavids. Mostowfi's father was Mirza Yousof Mostowfi al-Mamalek, a bureaucrat of the Qajar court, Nasseraddin Shah’s grand vizier and a Prime Minister. His father was also assigned to determine the new reaches of Tehran city when the population reached 150000. His grandfather was Mirza Hasan Mostowfi al-Mamalek I and was given the title of Mostofi al Mamalek under Mohammad Shah Qajar. Mostowfi was also second cousins with Mohammad Mossadegh.
One year before his father's death, Nasereddin Shah granted the title Mostowfi ol-Mamalek ("chief financier of the country") to the very young, Hasan. The Mostowfi ol-Mamalek family passed on the central office at the finance ministry from father to son throughout the 19th century and until the 1920s.
When the nobility started to ridicule Hasan for being given such an important job/title at such young age, Nasereddin Shah, convinced of the young boy's talents, added the title "Aaqaa" (Sir) to Hasan's titles, thereby obliging the nobility to call him "Sir" every time they addressed him. He was since frequently referred to simply as "Aaqaa" in political circles. However there is a source that suggests that it was his generosity that earned him the title "Aaqaa", rather than it being bestowed upon him.
His education began at the age of five under tutelage of Mahmud Khan Malekalshoara. He studied all customary subjects such as Arabic grammar and literature, but he also had a good command of the French language.
In 1885, subsequent to his father’s death, he undertook all his responsibilities under Mossaddegh’s father, Mirza Hedayatollah Vizier daftar’s supervision.
At the age of 18, he married Nasr-ol-Din Shah’s granddaughter, Khanom Esmat el Molouk, and became a member of the royal family.
European travel and the creation of the Society for Humanity.
After a series of disgreements with the newly instated Mozaffar ad-Din Shah, Mostowfi al-Mamalek travelled to Paris from 1900 to 1907. During this period he visited many European countries and observed their systems of government. During his trips to Europe, Mozaffar ad-Din Shah gave him multiple invitations to return to Iran, however he declined. In the year 1907, after the Persian Constitutional Revolution and the death of Mozzafar ad-Din Shah, Mostowfi al-Mamalek returned to Iran accompanied by Ali Asghar Khan, who had just been appointed Prime Minister of Iran by Mohammad Ali Shah 
Soon after his return he set up a humanitarian society called the Society for Humanity, Jameeyate Ensaniat, with Mohammad Mossadegh as his deputy. The society met regularly at Mostowfi’s residence and eventually became part of the inter-society confederation, with Mossadegh as their permanent representative.
Political career.
During the Persian Constitutional Revolution era, Mostowfi was appointed Minister 15 times, and Prime Minister 6 times. At various points in his career he held the positions of prime minister, minister of war, majlis member and minister without portfolio. This was impart due to the political turmoil in Iran at the time which often saw governments only last several months before being replaced.
Popularity and character.
Mostowfi has been considered as one of the most popular Iranian politicians of the 20th century. Like his father, Mostowfi is said to have carried himself as a gentleman and was considered kind, honest, steadfast, humble and generous. During his service to Iran Mostowfi stood up to British and Russian influence in Iran, especially during World War I, giving credence to his reputation as a person of character and integrity. It has been noted that, unlike some of his contemporaries, Mostowfi was patriotic and did not engage with foreign powers in order to preserve or boost his own financial or political standings.
Criticism.
Despite his perceived popularity Mostowfi has at times been criticized for being unable to form a strong government with the ability to exercise what it presented to the Majlis. It has also been suggested that on occasion Mostowfi showed a lack of strong leadership.
Imperial allegiances.
Sources disagree on his allegiances to foreign powers with some claiming he was a Russophile and others stating he favoured the Germans and Turks.
Prime minister.
The First Term.
Sometime after his return to Iran, Mostowfi became the minister of war until the bombardment of Majlis. Following the conquest of Tehran, first he was appointed the minister of finance in Sepahdar Azam’s cabinet and then became the minister of Ahmad Shah’s court. Following to the resignation of Sepadar’s first cabinet, he became Ahmad Shah’s prime minister. Mostowfi’s first term as Prime Minister of Persia began in July 1910 during the 2nd Majlis. His party, Melliyoun Democrats, were mostly young, well educated and had traveled to Europe. They were in favour of the separation of church and state; taxing the landowners and businesses; adopting compulsory national service and borrowing internally instead of internationally. Mostowfi’s cabinet, backed by the Democrats, was known as the "Young Peoples’ Cabinet".
During his first term Mostowfi faced the issue of security in Iran. Multiple assassinations of political and religious figures occurred. Mostowfi decided to stop these assassinations and declared that all private citizens turn in their arms. Almost all pro-Democrat forces obliged, however some pro-Moderates forces ignored the order, including Sattar Khan. As a result of the pro-Moderates forces actions the government used the newly appointed Tehran police chief, Yeprem Khan to exercise the order. With this Mostowfi proved he was able to make tough decisions when necessary.
During his term in office the government received a letter from the British and Russian Ministers in Tehran complaining about the lack of security on the road between Bushehr- Shiraz- Isfahan. The British stated that the Irainan government had three months to rectify the problem. If they failed they would bring in 1500 Indian soldiers under British command to safeguard the route. Mostowfi’s government responded by creating the Swedish Gendarmerie, seeing this as a way to keep Iran independent of British involvement in internal security.
With the death of the Regent in September 1910 Parliament was convened to elect the next Regent. The candidates were Mostowfi and Mirza Abolghasem Khan Naser ol Molk. Mostowfi lost the election.
The Second Term.
Mostowfi’s second appointment as Prime Minister coincided with the onset of World War I. Iran had declared neutrality in the war and the country further reinforced its neutral stance by appointing Mostowfi, who was known to support neutrality. However, his government leaned towards the German and the Turks. It is important to note that being pro-German in this regard was simply seen as a political move to support a third nation that may aid in curbing the influence of the British and Russians in Iran.
Mostowfi approached the Russian authorities and asked that they withdraw their troops from Azerbaijan as their presence gave the Turks a reason to Invade. The Russians responded by asking what guarantees could be given that their withdrawal would not be followed by the insertion of the Turks. The absence of a centralized state in Iran can help explain why Mostowfi’s cabinet, and the Shah, were both impotent on this matter.
In this second term Mostowfi also showed he was taking a stance in relation to the modernization of Iran. In the program of his second cabinet Mostowfi proposed the abolition of the old pensions system, completion of the new Code, the founding of a secular law school to train personnel for the Ministry of Justice, the founding of several schools for girls and new laws to govern telegraphic communications. These proposals were rejected by the Majlis in 1914.
Mostowfi was also elected as MP for Tehran, but resigned in order to become Prime Minister. His manifesto included several concepts that the Third Majlis passed including laws such as the Military Conscription Act, Ministry of Finance constitution bill and Real Estate tax law.
Mostowfi resigned from his position after both his neutral and withdrawal of Russian forces policies failed.
The Third Term.
In August 1915, less than six months after resigning, Mostowfi once again was Prime Minister. By the time he took office, German popularity had increased amongst the nationalists.
During the Third Majlis the Czarist Russian Army expeditionary force left Qazvin for Tehran.
Mostowfi therefore pursued a two edged policy. He began talks with the British for a loan and for the withdrawal of Russian forces. He also entered into secret negotiations with the Germans for a treaty of cooperation. Mostowfi suggested the Germans guarantee Iranian independence and territorial integrity. Mostowfi also attached a number of stipulations, including the Germans giving Iran a loan and providing officers. If these were all met, his government would be prepared to declare war on the Allies. He also stated that if all stipulations were not met he would have to stop all German activities in Iran.
In a show of good faith the Germans secured the withdrawal of Ottoman Forces and offered to help financially but did not agree to the stipulations. Due to the non-committal answer firm the Germans, the negotiations did not lead to a policy that could be executed. Additionally the Allies had discovered the secret negotiations.
By the 7th November 1915, Russian troops were marching on the capital. The German envoy had left the day before and Mostowfi recommend that his deputies and the Shah to also leave and go to Qom. Forty-four deputies, newspaper editors and the Gendarmerie left for Qom. This was known as the ‘emigration’ with the hope of forming a government free of British and Russian Influence. The Shah having initially agreed, had his mind changed by the Russian and British Ministers in Tehran. With this change in mindset any chance of forming an independent government was gone. With the Shah in Tehran, Mostowfi tried to persuade the deputies to return. Mostowfi did not succeed in securing their return and so ended his third term.
The Fourth Term.
Mostowfi’s fourth term of office as Prime Minister was marked by severe drought and famine that devastated the country. By some accounts 25% of those living in the North perished. This was accompanied by the Persian influenza epidemic of 1918 which was rapid and devastating.
The Fifth Term.
Mostowfi’s fifth term began in January 1923. The First World War was over and the Russian Revolution was well established. Reza Khan who was then called Sardar Sepah had the post of Minister of War in Mostowfi’s cabinet.
One of his most formidable opponents in politics at the time was Hassan Modarres who made numerous efforts to pull down Mostowfi's cabinet.
Mostowfi's cabinet finally collapsed under pressure from political opponents despite the full backing of Ahmad Shah Qajar. During the run-up to the elections for the 5th Majlis, Modarres and his followers in the Parliament were actively campaigning against Mostowfi's cabinet. They tabled a formal question to the government, which was customarily followed by a vote of confidence. 
The ministers answered the questions convincingly. Mostowfi, who was not used to this kind of street politics, was said to be angry and disappointed. He delivered his most famous speech to Parliament, blaming members of Parliament for “giving and taking "ajil (dried nuts)", which in Persian means giving and taking bribes. He is believed to have said, "I have problems with my digestive system, and I do not take or give any "ajil"".
He was the first Prime Minister to call Parliamentarians corrupt instead of cajoling and flattering them. He and his ministers left the Parliament, went straight to the Shah and resigned.
Hassan Modarres went on to abolish the 1919 accord between Iran and the Great Britain.
The Sixth Term.
Despite his opposition to Mostowfi, Modarres was part of the party that encouraged Mostowfi to take his sixth term as Prime Minister. Reza Shah had been elected Shah and crowned. In order
to legitimize his rule he needed a Prime Minister who had the confidence of the politicians and the general public, so he chose Mostowfi. Modarres believed that Mostowfi was one of the few people who might curb the excesses of the new Shah and his generals.
Mostowfi’s sixth began in June 1926. During this term of office a number of important actions were taken, the most important event during this period had been the abolition of Capitulation on May 9, 1927. This would be the last major event that Mostowfi would be part of and this would be his last post. At the end of May 1927, Mostowfi resigned from office and from political life.
The Society for National Heritage.
The Society for National Heritage was formed in 1921 with the aim to preserve, protect and promote "Iran's patrimony". The society built a state museum, a state library and several mausoleums, which incorporated motifs from ancient Iranian architecture. The society was formed by modernist government officials and Westernized intellectuals, and Mostowfi was among them.
Death and Legacy.
Mirza Hassan Mostowfi al Mamalek died of a heart attack on 28 August 1932. He was buried in the family mausoleum in Vanak village. The funeral procession was marked by the Armenian residents of Vanak carrying the coffin for a mile to the Mausoleum, followed by a procession of 80 or more cars. The mausoleum is currently on the grounds of Alzahra University.
Mostowfi had several children including a son, Mirza Yousof Mostowfi al-Mamalek II, who may have been named after his father.
His descendants now bear the surname "Mostofi al-Mamaleki", "Mostowfi", " Tahriri", "Dabiri".
Hassan Abad Square.
The square and the buildings around it were built in a ten-year period. Hassan Abad was built by Mirza Yousof Mostowfi al-Mamalek, Naser ed-Din Shah's vizier. He named the place after his son Mirza Hassan Mostofi al-Mamalek. It was inspired by the Renaissance architecture, and adapted from the works of Palladio, the famous Italian architect of the Renaissance period.
Following the Iranian Revolution in 1979, the square was renamed to "31st of Shahrivar Square", however the new name did not stick and it is still known as the "Hassan Abad Square".

</doc>
<doc id="2857835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857835" title="Ethel Lavenu">
Ethel Lavenu

Ethel Lavenu (1842 – August 14, 1917) was a British stage actress. She was the mother of stage and silent screen actor Tyrone Power, Sr., and grandmother of the Hollywood film star Tyrone Power.
Life and career.
Born in Chelsea as Eliza Lavenu, the third of six daughters of the cellist, composer, and music impresario Lewis Henry Lavenu by his wife Julia, daughter of Col. John Blossett, head of the British expedition to assist Simon Bolivar in the war of independence in Venezuela. Her father was often away on tour, and in 1855 left for Sydney leaving the family in London. In 1861 Ethel was living with her mother at 128, Long Acre, Covent Garden, she, her elder sister Ada, and younger sister Alice were all listed as "Professional", and her youngest sister Bessie was also later to become an actress. She had more success than her sisters, by 1863 appearing in various plays at the Royal Lyceum Theatre, London. In 1866, she married Harold Littledale Power, the youngest son of the Irish actor Tyrone Power. She had two sons, George Arthur, born in 1868, an actor, known as Littledale Power, who later appeared on Broadway, and Frederick Tyrone Edmond, known as Tyrone Power, Sr..

</doc>
<doc id="2857844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857844" title="Aneityum">
Aneityum

Aneityum (also known as "Anatom" or "Keamu") is the southernmost island of Vanuatu, in the province of Tafea.
Geography.
Aneityum is the southernmost island of Vanuatu (not counting the Matthew and Hunter Islands, which are disputed with New Caledonia, but considered by the people of Anatom Island part of their custom ownership). 
Its southeastern cape "Nétchan Néganneaing" is the southernmost point of land in Vanuatu, more southerly than the southern satellite islet Inyeug. The latter, however, is surrounded by Intao Reef, that extends even further south, albeit submerged, thus being the southernmost feature of Vanuatu.
The island is 159.2 km² in size. It rises to an elevation of 852 meters in "Mount Inrerow Atamein".
The larger of its two villages is Anelcauhat ( "Anelghowhat"), on the south side. 
Population.
Aneityum had a population of 915 in 2009. This population is believed to have been possibly more than 12,000 prior to the arrival of the Europeans, in 1793. However, introduced diseases and blackbirding played a major role in Aneityum's massive depopulation, which left the island with less than 200 inhabitants in 1930. 
The main language of Aneityum island is also called Aneityum, or "Anejom̃" in the local orthography. 
Transportation.
The island is served by Anatom Airport, not on the main island itself, but on the tiny island to its south, Iñec (or "Inyeug"), across the main village, which has three weekly flights from Port Vila via Tanna.

</doc>
<doc id="2857849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857849" title="Whitecrook">
Whitecrook

Whitecrook is an area in the southeast of the town of Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, Greater Glasgow, Scotland, UK. It occupies the area between the Forth and Clyde Canal to the north, and Glasgow Road to the southwest.
The neighbourhood is named after Whitecrook farm, which used to stand there, until houses were built for Irish immigrants who came to work in the shipyards in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Whitecrook has one non-denominational primary school (Whitecrook Primary), a Catholic primary school (Our Holy Redeemer's – usually referred to as O.H.R.), and formerly had a Roman Catholic high school (Saint Andrew's High School). It also has Saint Margaret's Hospice, which has recently completed development to add a new wing.
Local amenities include John Brown's park on Barns Street, two bowling clubs and Clydebank Rugby Club which plays at Whitecrook sports ground.
Frequent buses go along Barns St/East Barns Street, providing easy and fast transport to Glasgow City Centre. Whitecrook is served by two local stations – Clydebank to the west and Yoker to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="2857850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857850" title="Festival Singers of Atlanta">
Festival Singers of Atlanta

Festival Singers of Atlanta, which founded in 1981, is an ensemble which presents choral music of the Renaissance, Baroque, and Contemporary eras to audiences in Atlanta and the American Southeast. The group particularly specializes in unaccompanied music of the Renaissance and 20th-21st century music that resonates with the Anglican choral tradition. 
The Festival Singers of Atlanta sang at Spivey Hall in Morrow, GA as part of the Georgia American Choral Directors Association convention and also performed at the Emory Choral Festival in Atlanta in 2002 and 2006. The group also performs regularly at the Piccolo Spoleto Festival; in 2005, their appearance there featured the "Requiem" by Maurice Duruflé with organist Trey Clegg.
The group is a volunteer, non-profit organization, directed by Jane Burke.

</doc>
<doc id="2857879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857879" title="A Change Is Gonna Come (disambiguation)">
A Change Is Gonna Come (disambiguation)

"A Change Is Gonna Come" is a song by Sam Cooke.
A Change Is Gonna Come may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2857900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857900" title="Premature atrial contraction">
Premature atrial contraction

Premature atrial contractions (PACs), also known as atrial premature complexes (APC) or atrial premature beats (APB), are a common cardiac dysrhythmia characterized by premature heartbeats originating in the atria. While the sinoatrial node typically regulates the heartbeat during normal sinus rhythm, PACs occur when another region of the atria depolarizes before the sinoatrial node and thus triggers a premature heartbeat.The exact cause of PACs is unclear; while several predisposing conditions exist, PACs commonly occur in healthy young and elderly people without heart disease, and by themselves are not considered an abnormal finding. PACs are often completely asymptomatic and may be noted only with Holter monitoring, but occasionally they can be perceived as a skipped beat or a jolt in the chest. In most cases, no treatment other than reassurance is needed for PACs, although medications such as beta blockers can reduce the frequency of symptomatic PACs.
Diagnosis.
Premature atrial contractions are typically diagnosed with an electrocardiogram, Holter monitor, or cardiac event monitor.
Prognosis.
In otherwise healthy patients, occasional premature atrial contractions are a common and normal finding and do not indicate any particular health risk. Rarely, in patients with other underlying structural heart problems, PACs can trigger a more serious arrhythmia such as atrial flutter or atrial fibrillation.
In otherwise healthy people PACs usually disappear with adolescence.These are usually gone by the end of third decade.
Treatment.
Premature atrial contractions are often benign, requiring no treatment. Occasionally, the patient having the PAC will find these symptoms bothersome, in which case the doctor may treat the PACs. Sometimes the PACs can indicate heart disease or an increased risk for other cardiac arrhythmias. In this case the underlying cause is treated. Often a beta blocker will be prescribed for symptomatic PACs. 
Electrocardiogram.
On an electrocardiogram (EKG), PACs are characterized by an abnormally shaped P wave. Since the premature beat initiates outside the sinoatrial node, the associated P wave appears different from those seen in normal sinus rhythm. Typically, the atrial impulse propagates normally through the atrioventricular node and into the cardiac ventricles, resulting in a normal, narrow QRS complex. However, if the atrial beat is premature enough, it may reach the atrioventricular node during its refractory period, in which case it will not be conducted to the ventricle and there will be no QRS complex following the P wave.

</doc>
<doc id="2857916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857916" title="Harvey Mansfield">
Harvey Mansfield

Harvey Claflin Mansfield, Jr. (born 1932) is the William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor of Government at Harvard University, where he has taught since 1962. He has held Guggenheim and NEH Fellowships and has been a Fellow at the National Humanities Center; he also received the National Humanities Medal in 2004 and delivered the Jefferson Lecture in 2007. He is a Carol G. Simon Senior Fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution. He is notable for his generally conservative stance on political issues in his writings.
Mansfield is the author and co-translator of studies of and/or by major political philosophers such as Aristotle, Edmund Burke, Niccolò Machiavelli, Alexis de Tocqueville, and Thomas Hobbes, of Constitutional government, and of "Manliness" (2006). In interviews Mansfield has acknowledged the work of Leo Strauss as the key modern influence on his own political philosophy.
Among his most notable former students include: Andrew Sullivan, Alan Keyes, William Kristol, Clifford Orwin, Paul Cantor, Delba Winthrop, Mark Lilla, Francis Fukuyama, and Shen Tong.
Personal background.
Mansfield has been at Harvard since his own student days in 1949, having joined the faculty in 1962. He received his A.B. at Harvard in 1953 and Ph.D. from the same institution in 1961. He was married to the late Delba Winthrop, with whom he co-translated and co-authored work on Tocqueville.
Harvey C. Mansfield, Jr. is the son of Harvey C. Mansfield, who was the Ruggles Professor Emeritus of Public Law and Government at Columbia University at the time of his death in 1988 at the age of 83.
"A Student's Guide to Political Philosophy".
In his 2001 book "A Student's Guide to Political Philosophy", Mansfield traces the history of political philosophy in "the great books" written by Plato, Aristotle, Locke, Rousseau, and others of the "highest rank" (1). He also finds political philosophy in practical politics, which Mansfield considers necessarily partisan, because it involves citizens "arguing passionately pro and con with advocacy and denigration, accusation and defense" (2). He argues that politics does not merely consist of liberal and conservative options, but rather, they are fundamentally opposed to each other, with each side defending its own interest as it attempts to appeal to the common good (2). Since such adversarial sides in a political dispute appeal to the common good, an observer of the dispute can use his capacity to reason to judge which side supplies the most compelling arguments. If such an observer is competent to be a judge, he or she may be thought of as a political philosopher, or as at least on the way to engaging in political philosophy (2–3).
Mansfield stresses the connection between politics and political philosophy, but he does not find political philosophy in political science, which for Mansfield is a rival to political philosophy and "apes" the natural sciences (3–5). From Mansfield's point of view, political science replaces words like "good", "just", and "noble" with other words like "utility" or "preferences." The terms are meant to be neutral, but as a result of the political scientist's purported change of role and perspective from judge to so‑called "disinterested observer", such a "scientist" is not able to determine whose arguments are the best, because he or she falls victim to relativism, which, according to Mansfield, is "a sort of lazy dogmatism" (4–5).
In his guide, Mansfield reminds students that political science rebelled from political philosophy in the seventeenth century and declared itself distinct and separate in the positivist movement of the late nineteenth century: thus, he argues in it that whereas "Today political science is often said to be 'descriptive' or 'empirical,' concerned with facts; political philosophy is called 'normative' because it expresses values. But these terms merely repeat in more abstract form the difference between political science, which seeks agreement, and political philosophy, which seeks the best" (6).
Furthermore, according to Mansfield, when people talk about the difference between political philosophy and political science, they are actually talking about two distinct kinds of political philosophy, one modern and the other ancient. The only way to understand modern political science and its ancient alternative fully, he stresses, is to enter the history of political philosophy, and to study the tradition handed down over the centuries: "No one can count himself educated who does not have some acquaintance with this tradition. It informs you of the leading possibilities of human life, and by giving you a sense of what has been tried and what is now dominant, it tells you "where we are now" in a depth not available from any other source" (7–8). Although modern political science feels no obligation to look at its roots, and might even denigrate the subject as if it could not be of any real significance, he says, "our reasoning shows that the history of political philosophy is required for understanding its substance" (7–8).
Scholarship.
Western civilization.
In response to multiculturalism on college campuses, Mansfield has defended the importance of preserving and teaching courses on Western civilization, even proposing a survey course that selects a dozen or so books that capture the principal themes. Mansfield believes that understanding Western civilization is important because the books that explain it deal with problems associated with the human condition.
Defense of the "strong executive".
Mansfield has argued that the President of the United States has "extra-legal powers such as commanding the military, making treaties (and carrying on foreign policy), and pardoning the convicted, not to mention a veto of legislation", observing that the U.S. Constitution does not ask the President to take an oath to execute the laws, but rather, to execute "the "office" of the president, which is larger." Referring to domestic surveillance, Mansfield notes, "those arguing that the executive should be subject to checks and balances are wrong to say or imply that the president may be checked in the sense of stopped. The president can be held accountable and made responsible, but if he could be stopped, the Constitution would lack any sure means of emergency action. He defends the Separation of powers, arguing that "the executive subordinated to the rule of law is in danger of being subordinate to the legislature."
"Taming the Prince".
In his book "Taming the Prince", Mansfield traces the modern doctrine of executive power to Niccolò Machiavelli. He argues that executive power had to be tamed to become compatible with liberal constitutionalism.
"Machiavelli's New Modes and Orders".
In "Machiavelli's New Modes and Orders," "Machiavelli's Virtue," and other writings, Mansfield argues that Machiavelli effected a decisive break between ancient and modern political philosophy. According to Mansfield, Machiavelli sought to revive Roman political spirit, which he believed had been supplanted by Christian doctrines. However, Machiavelli's unique emphasis on political or active virtue (the overcoming of necessity and fortune) over ancient contemplative virtue opened the way to a new, modern politics rather than a return to pre-Christian morality and philosophy. Moreover, Mansfield argues that Machiavelli's modern "virtue" was "emasculated" by later modern authors, who propounded "more regular and scientific modes of overcoming fortune".
Burke and Party Government.
Mansfield locates the theoretical underpinnings of modern party government in the writings of Edmund Burke. In "Statesmanship and Party Government", Mansfield discusses the importance of political competition between parties within Burke's broader philosophy of government. Furthermore, in "Party Government and the Settlement of 1688", Mansfield argues that modern party government, in which opposing parties are each considered respectable members of a pluralistic system, requires that questions concerning religion and first principles cease to hold primary importance in politics (a practical manifestation of the "theologico-political problem" discussed by Leo Strauss).
Gender roles and equality.
In his 2006 book "Manliness", Mansfield defended a moderately conservative understanding of gender roles, and bemoaned the loss of the virtue of manliness in a "gender neutral" society. In a "New York Times" interview, he defined the concept briefly as "confidence in a situation of risk. A manly man has to know what he is doing." He defines the idea in more concrete terms in the actual book. There, a manly man does not have to know what he is doing, but only has to act as though he does. Also in the book, Mansfield subjects the concept of manliness to a test in which he refers for support of his argument to such diverse authorities as Homer, Plato, Aristotle, Rudyard Kipling, Ernest Hemingway, and Naomi Wood. In his argument, manliness is ultimately related to assertiveness -- "decisiveness without complete knowledge"—and its place in society is debated.
"Manliness" was criticized by Martha Nussbaum in the June 22, 2006, issue of "The New Republic." Nussbaum accuses Mansfield of misreading, or refusing to read, many feminist and nonfeminist texts. She argues that his book is based on overt misogynistic assumptions that take a position of indifference towards violence against women. Mansfield asserts, she contends, that a woman can resist rape only with the aid of "a certain ladylike modesty enabling her to take offense at unwanted encroachment".
Concerning controversial comments by former President of Harvard, Lawrence Summers, about mental differences between men and women, Mansfield said that it is "probably true" that women "innately have less capacity than men at the highest level of science...It's common sense if you just look at who the top scientists are".
In 1993, Mansfield testified on behalf of proponents of Colorado's Amendment 2, which sought to amend the state constitution to prevent gays, lesbians and bisexuals from pursuing legal claims of discrimination. In his testimony, he argued that being gay "is not a life that makes for happiness", and that homosexuality is "shameful", and that by not being able to have children gay people were not "socially responsible". Nussbaum—who testified in the same trial against the Amendment—later remarked that Mansfield's source for his claim that gay and lesbian people were unhappy was not contemporary social science research but the great books of the Western tradition (Plato, Tocqueville, Rousseau etc.).
Views on grades and affirmative action.
Mansfield has voiced criticism of grade inflation at Harvard University, which he claims is due in part to affirmative action. Mansfield also participated in a debate on affirmative action between Cornel West and Michael Sandel (arguing for affirmative action) with Ruth Wisse and himself (arguing against affirmative action). The debate attracted a "massive audience" of a thousand Harvard students, requiring its campus venue to be changed twice before it could take place on November 3, 1997, in Harvard's Sanders Theater, prompting Professor Sandel to comment, "'This puts to rest the myth that this generation has a political apathy, and apathy to political debates.'" In 2013, Mansfield, after hearing from a dean that "the most frequent grade is an A", claimed to give students two grades: one for their transcript, and the one he thinks they deserve. He commented, "I didn’t want my students to be punished by being the only ones to suffer for getting an accurate grade".
In response to grade inflation, according to "Harvard Crimson" reporters Lulu Zhou and Rebecca D. O'Brien, Mansfield revived the "ironic" (or the "inflated") grade in 2006, in order to let his students know what they really deserved in his class without causing them harm by grading them lower than the other professors at Harvard: "In Mansfield’s 'true and serious' grading system, 5 percent of students will receive A’s, and 15 percent will receive A-minuses. But Mansfield won’t share those marks with anyone other than his teaching fellows and students. ... By contrast, Mansfield’s 'ironic' grade—the only one that will appear on official transcripts—will follow average grade distribution in the College, with about a quarter of students receiving A’s and another quarter receiving A-minuin contrast, their privately received deserved "real" (lower) grades usually centered around a C or C-minus, earning him the nickname "Harvey C-minus Mansfield." "This policy—meant to demonstrate the causes and effects of grade inflation—drew heat from students and faculty, and attracted national media attention." Mansfield himself has joked that his middle initial "C." stands for compassion: "That's what I lack when it comes to grading." In an interview with the Hoover Institution, Mansfield claimed that college professors are too quick to label students as exceptional.
Jefferson Lecture.
On May 8, 2007, Mansfield delivered the 36th Jefferson Lecture ("the highest honor the federal government bestows for distinguished intellectual and public achievement in the humanities", according to the National Endowment for the Humanities, which sponsored the lecture). In his lecture, Mansfield suggests "two improvements for today’s understanding of politics arising from the humanities ... first ... to recapture the notion of thumos in Plato, and Aristotle... ...second ... the use of names—proper to literature and foreign to science".
This, of course, is a reference to his own philosophy, which forbade discounting the wisdom of the past simply because those who spoke it lived a long time ago.

</doc>
<doc id="2857921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857921" title="Srikanta Wadiyar">
Srikanta Wadiyar

Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar Bahadur (February 20, 1953 – December 10, 2013), also referred to as Prince Srikanta Wadiyar, was the prince of Mysore Kingdom and head of the Wadiyar dynasty that ruled the Kingdom of Mysore between 1399 and 1950. Wadiyar was also a member of Indian Parliament from the Mysore constituency. He was a fashion designer and a promoter of Mysore silk saris under his Royal Silk of Mysore brand name. In the second half of the 20th century, silk industry in South India revived, and Mysore State became the top multivoltine silk producer in India.
Origins.
Born in 1953 as the only son of the last ruling Maharaja of Mysore His Highness, His Excellency Dr. Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar and his second wife, Maharani Tripura Sundari Ammani Avaru, Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar succeeded his father as the head of the dynasty after his father's death on 9 September 1974. He continued the informal and titular rule of the royal family as king from 1974 until his death on 10 December 2013, preceding his nephew Chaduranga Kantharaja Urs to the title.
Education.
He had a British nanny and an Anglo-Indian nanny who groomed him. Mr Watsa was a mentor to him during his formative years. Wadiyar joined Maharaja College, Mysore in 1968 to pursue his pre-university course (one year) and studied for a BA degree from 1969-72 majoring in English literature and political science. His minor subject was sociology. His second language was Kannada, tutored by Prof K. Venkataramappa. He did his Masters in political science in Manasa Gangotri, University of Mysore, from 1972-74. He studied a course in law as an open University student. Throughout his college career, he was an avid cricketer and had a collection of cricket bats signed by international Test cricket players. He also studied Western classical music and Carnatic classical music. In his youth he had studied Vedas as well. He was awarded the Gold Medal as the first rank student in MA Political Science. His wife, Mrs. Pramoda Devi, is a post-graduate in Hindi.
Personal life.
His love of cricket which saw him captain the University team, later prompted his involvement in leading the Karnataka State Cricket Association in the position of President.
He was married to Maharani Pramoda Devi Avaru, from the Bettada Kote Ursu family of the erstwhile princely state of Mysore. They had no children. Although he was never the official king of Mysore Kingdom but only its prince, people called him with esteems as Maharaja.
Wadiyar was the only brother of 5 sisters - (Princesses) Gayatri Devi Avaru, Meenakshi Devi Avaru, Kamakshi Devi Avaru, Indrakshi Devi Avaru and the youngest, Vishalakshi Devi Avaru.
Political career.
Wadiyar was a longtime member of the Indian National Congress. He participated four times in elections for Member of Parliament representing the Mysore Parliamentary Constituency. Results were that he won twice as the INC member, and lost twice; once as a BJP candidate and more recently as a Congress party candidate.
Death.
On 10 December 2013, Wadiyar died from cardiac arrest aged 60 at Vikram Hospital, Bangalore. He was cremated with State honours at Madhu Vana, the burial ground of the royal family. On the day of his demise, the whole city of Mysore shut its business voluntarily in respects to His Highness. The Government of Karnataka declared a two day mourning ceremony, and a state government holiday. Further to this, lighting of his Ambavilas Palace (Mysore Palace) was halted for thirteen days as a symbol of sorrow.

</doc>
<doc id="2857924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857924" title="Tingling">
Tingling

Tingling (Dingling) or Tili was a tribe union west of China before 300 BC. After c.300BC they were called tieloe or kauko. The avars was the tieloe tribe union most west members.

</doc>
<doc id="2857942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857942" title="National Presto Industries">
National Presto Industries

National Presto Industries is a company founded in 1905 in Eau Claire, Wisconsin in the small kitchen appliances industry. Originally called the "Northwestern Steel and Iron Works" and then becoming the "National Pressure Cooker Company" in 1917, the company produced pressure canners. Beginning in 1939, National Presto Industries introduced small home-use cooking appliances. The company was admitted to the New York Stock Exchange on March 3, 1969.
The company is divided into three business segments (divisions), Housewares/Small Appliance; Defense; and Absorbent Products. The Housewares/Small Appliance segment "designs and sells small household appliances", including pressure cookers, under the Presto brand. The Defense segment produces ordnance and ammunition products. The Absorbent Products segment "is primarily engaged in the manufacture of private label adult incontinence products."
Having previously divested itself of almost all operations and having closed its defense operations in 1992, the company was a small household appliance seller. In 2001, with the purchase of AMTEC, the company returned to the defense business. In Nov 2005, Presto lost fight with SEC over investment status. A Federal Court judge ruled that Presto was an "inadvertent" investment company because of its huge cash holdings. During the first three quarters of 2009, National Presto obtained more than $650,000,000 in contracts with the U.S. government for ammunition. Also in 2001, the company acquired RMED International and created its Absorbent Products division.

</doc>
<doc id="2857952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857952" title="Independent candidates, 1990 Manitoba provincial election">
Independent candidates, 1990 Manitoba provincial election

There were several Independent candidates in the 1990 Manitoba provincial election. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Candidates.
Point Douglas: William Hawryluk.
William Hawryluk was a perennial candidate for political office in Winnipeg. He received 108 votes (2.0%), finishing fourth against New Democratic Party candidate George Hickes.
Point Douglas: Roy Price.
Roy Price was a businessman, civic activist and perennial candidate in north-end Winnipeg. He was the owner of Harmony Music, and served as president of the Norquay Community Centre in 1991.
Price opposed several social outreach programs in north-end Winnipeg, claiming that they brought unwelcome persons into the region. He spoke out against a Christian mission soup kitchen for this reason in 1998, and subsequently opposed a needle exchange program. In 1994, he complained about "satanic and obscene" graffiti in Winnipeg's subway system.
He first ran for the Manitoba legislature in the 1988 provincial election, in the constituency of St. Johns. He received 68 votes, finishing fifth against New Democratic Party incumbent Judy Wasylycia-Leis. He received 66 votes (1.3%) in 1990, finishing fifth against NDP candidate George Hickes. Price also campaigned for the Winnipeg School Board in 1992, 1995 and 1998, and lost all times.
Price died on March 4, 2002, at age 71.
Wellington: Walter Diawol.
Walter Diawol (died November 1994) was a gadfly candidate for public office in the late 1980s and early 1990s. He was a junk collector, and fought an extended battle with the City of Winnipeg over his failure to clean up his property. The city removed his garbage collection (over his objections) in 1985, 1986, 1987 and 1993, and took title of his house on the last occasion. A newspaper report indicates that Winnipeg officials needed "nine five-ton truckloads and three garbage truckloads to clear his property of dead batteries, scrap wood, broken lawn chairs, broken TVs and headboards and box springs" in the July 1993 cleanup. Diawol was not forced to leave the house, however, and continued to reside there until his death in 1994. When questioned, Diawol said that junk was his hobby.
Wellington: Stephen Keki.
Stephen Keki ran for political office at the federal, provincial and municipal levels four times between 1986 and 1990. He identified himself as a meat processor during the 1988 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="2857992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857992" title="Flohr">
Flohr

Flohr is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2857994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857994" title="Red Hill Underground Fuel Storage Facility">
Red Hill Underground Fuel Storage Facility

The Red Hill Underground Fuel Storage Facility is a fuel storage facility near Pearl Harbor completed in 1942/43 and operated by the United States Navy continuously since.
History.
The Red Hill fuel storage facility was constructed from December 1940 through 1943. It is located 30 m (100 feet) under a ridge within Honolulu, Hawaii, which is why construction could continue at the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. It is unique in that 20 vertical cylindrical tanks, each measuring 77 m (250 feet) tall by 30 m (100 feet) in diameter, were hollowed out of volcanic rock, holding more than 250 million gallons of fuel.
Each reinforced-concrete tank is lined with quarter-inch steel plate, tested during construction for leaks and pre-stressed with high-pressure grouting between it and the surrounding rock wall.
The facility is connected by pipes and tunnels to navy piers and a harbor-side pumping station more than 4 kilometres away. Although constructed by a labor force of approximately 3,900 workers, the existence of the facility remained classified information in the United States until after the end of the Cold War in the 1990s.
In 1991, fuel for Operation Desert Storm in the Persian Gulf was transferred through Red Hill.
Red Hill was designated a historic civil engineering landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 1995.
In 1998 state health officials first became aware about fuel leakage and by 2002, tests showed that all but one of the tanks had been leaking. The Navy drilled groundwater monitoring wells and by 2005 regular groundwater monitoring began.
In January 2014 as the latest and major fuel leak was announced, the past history of leaks and impact on the groundwater became public.
Environmental problems.
According to documents by the Hawaii Department of Health dozens of leaks from Red Hill’s 20 underground fuel storage tanks have occurred since the 1940s and have contaminated groundwater with hydrocarbon levels as high as 25 times what the state considers safe.
A fuel leak occurred in 2001-2002, after which the military had to establish a water monitoring system, the adequacy of which the state health department had questioned at the time. The monitoring data indicated that some contaminants had been getting into the aquifer.
In January 2014, the US Navy announced it was investigating a fuel leak of tank 5, which stores JP-8 aviation fuel. Navy said ground and drinking water samples in the vicinity were being tested and the regional engineer for Commander Navy Region Hawaii, responsible for "five potable water systems on the island of Oahu provides 18-20 million gallons of water today to over 50,000 active duty military, civilians and family members" reassured "the water was safe to drink". In February, safety was confirmed, because very low levels of fuel below action levels were found in the groundwater. The amount of fuel released or unaccounted for was then estimated at 27,000 gallons. The Navy drained the fuel from tank 5, and aired out the fumes for weeks. In early April, the bottom of the tank was inspected. On May 23 the regional Navy engineer cautioned "the January drop in the fuel level in Tank 5 may have resulted not from a leak, but from material such as water moving out of the area between the steel tank and its outer concrete lining". In June visual examination of the tank's walls began and
per Navy press release on June 12, 2014 inspectors discovered three microscopic holes located in prior welding repairs during vacuum chamber testing, which indicated air could flow through the tank’s wall.

</doc>
<doc id="2858000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858000" title="Botvinnik">
Botvinnik

Botvinnik (; ):

</doc>
<doc id="2858010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858010" title="An Emotional Fish">
An Emotional Fish

An Emotional Fish is an alternative rock band from Dublin, Ireland. An Emotional Fish were formed in 1988, and consisted of Gerard Whelan (lead vocals, percussion), Martin Murphy (drums, percussion), David Frew (guitars, vocals), and Enda Wyatt (bass, vocals, keyboards). Their musical influences include David Bowie, Iggy Pop, T. Rex, and Dolly Parton.
Career.
The vocalist Gerard Whelan met bassist Enda Wyatt in a band that Whelan was auditioning for. Whelan joined the band, but it broke up soon after. After the break-up, Whelan and Wyatt formed their own band. They originally performed alone, and recorded their works on a four-track tape recorder. After a year, Whelan brought his friend David Frew into the band. Whelan and David Frew had attended the same school and lived in the same housing estate. In 1988, they decided to name the band An Emotional Fish. For a few months, they performed with a drum machine, but soon added drummer Martin Murphy as the final member of the group.
In 1989, they signed to U2's independent Mother Records label to release their eponymous debut CD. "Grey Matter" was a mild local hit, but it was followed by "Celebrate", which hit the top 10 of the Ireland charts. It also peaked at No. 46 in the UK Singles Chart in June 1990, where it remained in that listing for five weeks. College radio stations began to pick up the song. It received significant airplay, and eventually reached the top 5 of the US Modern Rock Tracks chart. Atlantic Records signed the band, and re-released "Grey Matter" in the US, where it became a lesser college rock hit. Atlantic released their debut album internationally, where it received generally poor reviews but sold well in Ireland.
"Celebrate" was covered in Italian by the singer-songwriter Vasco Rossi in his 1993 album "Gli Spari Sopra" which went platinum 10 times. The song lyrics are largely a phonetic translation of the original (prominently the chorus verse "this party's over" is changed into the eponym "gli spari sopra", whose meaning "the shots above" is entirely unrelated).
After a tour to support the debut album, An Emotional Fish returned to the studio to record "Junk Puppets". The songs were recorded over eight months, and four of the songs were produced by David A. Stewart. In 1993, the album was released, and An Emotional Fish opened for U2 on the Zoo TV Tour. However, the album sold few copies outside of Ireland. In 1994, the band released "Sloper", but only secured a distribution deal in the UK. The album was released in the US two years later.
David Frew performed on The Marigolds "Abbey Street EP" which was released in 1998. More recently he has been playing with former Marigolds frontman Paul Woodward. David performed a series of low key gigs in Scotland at the end of 2011.
In 2002, Whelan created a new band, Jerry Fish and the Mudbug Club, with a new style and musical presence, where he can still be seen to work with Enda Wyatt.
On March 30, 2012 the band played in the Olympia Theatre in Dublin at a concert in aid of Barretstown alongside such other Irish bands as Engine Alley and Republic of Loose.

</doc>
<doc id="2858017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858017" title="Interferon beta 1b">
Interferon beta 1b

Interferon beta 1b (tradenames "Betaferon", "Betaseron" (North America), "Extavia") is a drug in the interferon family used to treat the relapsing-remitting and secondary-progressive forms of multiple sclerosis (MS). It is approved for use after the first MS event. It is administered by sub-cutaneous injection and has been advertised as a way to slow the advance of the affliction as well as reduce the frequency of attacks. Closely related is interferon beta 1a, also indicated for MS, and with a very similar drug profile.
The assertion that interferon beta in either form can slow the advance of disability in multiple sclerosis is still unproven.
Mechanism of action.
Interferon beta balances the expression of pro- and anti-inflammatory agents in the brain, and reduces the number of inflammatory cells that cross the blood brain barrier. Overall, therapy with interferon beta leads to a reduction of neuron inflammation. Moreover, it is also thought to increase the production of nerve growth factor and consequently improve neuronal survival.
Side effects.
Interferon beta 1b is available only in injectable forms, and can cause skin reactions at the injection site that may include cutaneous necrosis. Skin reactions vary greatly in their clinical presentation. They usually appear within the first month of treatment albeit their frequence and importance diminish after six months of treatment. Skin reactions are more prevalent in women. Mild skin reactions usually do not impede treatment whereas necroses appear in around 5% of patients and lead to the discontinuation of the therapy. Also over time, a visible dent at the injection site due to the local destruction of fat tissue, known as lipoatrophy, may develop.
Interferons, a subclass of cytokines, are produced in the body during illnesses such as influenza in order to help fight the infection. They are responsible for many of the symptoms of influenza infections, including fever, muscle aches, fatigue, and headaches. Many patients report influenza-like symptoms hours after taking interferon beta that usually improve within 24 hours, being such symptoms related to the temporary increase of cytokines. This reaction tends to disappear after 3 months of treatment and its symptoms can be treated with over-the-counter nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, such as ibuprofen, that reduce fever and pain. Another common transient secondary effect with interferon-beta is a functional deterioration of already existing symptoms of the disease. Such deterioration is similar to the one produced in MS patients due to heat, fever or stress (Uhthoff's phenomenon), usually appears within 24 hours of treatment, is more common in the initial months of treatment, and may last several days. A symptom specially sensitive to worsening is spasticity. Interferon-beta can also reduce numbers of white blood cells (leukopenia), lymphocytes (lymphopenia) and neutrophils (neutropenia), as well as affect liver function. In most cases these effects are non-dangerous and reversible after cessation or reduction of treatment. Nevertheless, recommendation is that all patients should be monitored through laboratory blood analyses, including liver function tests, to ensure safe use of interferons.
The injection-site reactions can be mitigated by rotating injection sites or by using one of the medications that requires less frequent injections. Side effects are often onerous enough that many patients ultimately discontinue taking Interferons (or glatiramer acetate, a comparable disease-modifying therapies requiring regular injections).
Efficacy.
Clinically isolated syndrome.
The earliest clinical presentation of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis is the clinically isolated syndrome (CIS), that is, a single attack of a single symptom. During a CIS, there is a subacute attack suggestive of demyelination but the patient does not fulfill the criteria for diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. Treatment with interferons after an initial attack decreases the risk of developing clinical definite MS.
Relapsing-remitting MS.
Medications are modestly effective at decreasing the number of attacks in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis and in reducing the accumulation of brain lesions, which is measured using gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Interferons reduce relapses by approximately 30% and their safe profile make them the first-line treatments. Nevertheless, not all the patients are responsive to these therapies. It is known that 30% of MS patients are non-responsive to Beta interferon. They can be classified in genetic, pharmacological and pathogenetic non-responders. One of the factors related to non-respondance is the presence of high levels of interferon beta neutralizing antibodies. Interferon therapy, and specially interferon beta 1b, induces the production of neutralizing antibodies, usually in the second 6 months of treatment, in 5 to 30% of treated patients. Moreover, a subset of RRMS patients with specially active MS, sometimes called "rapidly worsening MS" are normally non-responders to interferon beta 1b.
While more studies of the long-term effects of the drugs are needed, some data on the effects of interferons indicate that early-initiated long-term therapy is safe and it is related to better outcomes. More recent data suggest that interferon betas may hasten disability.
Commercial formulations.
Betaferon/Betaseron is marketed today by Bayer HealthCare. The originator was Schering AG (Berlex in North America), now part of Bayer HealthCare. Novartis has also introduced Extavia, a new brand of interferon beta 1b, in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2858019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858019" title="Fight the Power">
Fight the Power

"Fight the Power" is a song by American hip hop group Public Enemy, released as a single in June 1989 on Motown Records. It was conceived at the request of film director Spike Lee, who sought a musical theme for his 1989 film "Do the Right Thing". First issued on the film's 1989 soundtrack, a different version was featured on Public Enemy's 1990 studio album "Fear of a Black Planet". 
"Fight the Power" incorporates various samples and allusions to African-American culture, including civil rights exhortations, black church services, and the music of James Brown.
As a single, "Fight the Power" reached number one on Hot Rap Singles and number 20 on the Hot R&B Singles. It was named the best single of 1989 by "The Village Voice" in their Pazz & Jop critics' poll. It has become Public Enemy's best-known song and has been accoladed as one of the greatest songs of all time by critics and publications. In 2001, the song was ranked number 288 in the "Songs of the Century" list compiled by the Recording Industry Association of America and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Background.
In 1988, shortly after the release of their second album "It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back", Public Enemy were preparing for the European leg of the Run's House tour with Run–D.M.C. Before embarking on the tour, film director Spike Lee approached Public Enemy with the proposition of making a song for one of his movies. Lee, who was directing "Do the Right Thing", sought to use the song as a leitmotif in the film about racial tension in a Brooklyn, New York neighborhood. He said of his decision in a subsequent interview for "Time", "I wanted it to be defiant, I wanted it to be angry, I wanted it to be very rhythmic. I thought right away of Public Enemy". At a meeting in Lower Manhattan, Lee told lead MC Chuck D, producer Hank Shocklee of The Bomb Squad, and executive producer Bill Stephney that he needed an anthemic song for the film.
While flying over Italy on the tour, Chuck D was inspired to write most of the song. He recalled his idea, "I wanted to have sorta like the same theme as the original 'Fight the Power' by The Isley Brothers and fill it in with some kind of modernist views of what our surroundings were at that particular time". The group's bass player Brian Hardgroove has said of the song's message, "Law enforcement is necessary. As a species we haven’t evolved past needing that. Fight the Power is not about fighting authority—it’s not that at all. It’s about fighting abuse of power."
Recording and production.
The Bomb Squad, Public Enemy's production team, constructed the music of "Fight the Power" using numerous samples by looping, layering, and transfiguring them. The track utilizes only two actual instrumentalists, saxophonist Branford Marsalis and Terminator X, the group's DJ and turntabilist, who provides the scratches. Marsalis played a saxophone solo for the song's extended soundtrack version. In contrast to Marsalis' school of thought, members of The Bomb Squad such as Chuck D and Hank Schocklee approach their music eschewing melodic clarity and harmonic coherence for crafting a specific mood in the composition. Instead of the instrumental "virtousity" valued in jazz and classical, Shocklee argued that their musicianship was dependent on different tools, exercised in a different medium, and inspired by different cultural priorities. Marsalis later remarked on the group's unconventional musicality, stating:
As with other songs, they recontextualized various samples and placed them so they would complement the vocals and the mood of "Fight the Power". For percussive sounds, the Bomb Squad placed them either ahead of or behind the beat to create either a feeling of easiness or tension. Elements such as Marsalis' solo were reworked so that it would, as Shocklee viewed, signify something different from if there was harmonic coherence. The Bomb Squad layered parts of Marsalis' D minor improvisations over the song's B♭7 groove, and vice versa. Of their production on the song, American musicologist Robert Walser wrote that the solo "has been carefully reworked into something that Marsalis would never think to play, because Schocklee's goals and premises are different from his."
Sampling and loops.
Although it samples many different works, the total length of each sample fragment is fairly short, as most span less than a second, and the primary technique used to construct them into the track was looping by Bomb Squad-producers Hank and Keith Shocklee. In looping, a recorded passage—typically an instrumental solo or break—could be repeated by switching back and forth between two turntables playing the same record. The looping in "Fight the Power", and hip hop music in general, directly arose from the hip hop DJs of the 1970s, and both Shocklees began their careers as DJs. Although the looping for "Fight the Power" was not created on turntables, it has a central connection to DJing. Author Mark Katz writes in his "Capturing Sound: How Technology Has Changed Music", "Many hip-hop producers were once DJs, and skill in selecting and assembling beats is required of both. [...] Moreover, the DJ is a central, founding figure in hip-hop music and a constant point of reference in its discourse; producers who stray too far from the practices and aesthetics of DJing may risk compromising their hip-hop credentials". 
Chuck D recalled the track's extravagant looping and production, saying that "we put loops on top of loops on top of loops". Katz comments in an analysis of the track, "The effect created by Public Enemy's production team is dizzying, exhilarating, and tantalizing—clearly one cannot take it all in at once". He continues by discussing the connection of the production to the work as a whole, stating:
Composition.
Musical structure.
"Fight the Power" begins with a vocal sample of civil rights attorney and activist Thomas "TNT" Todd, speechifying in a resonant, agitated voice, "Yet our best trained, best educated, best equipped, best prepared troops refuse to fight. Matter of fact, it's safe to say that they would rather "switch" than fight". This 16-second passage is the longest of the numerous samples incorporated to the track. It is followed by a brief three-measure section (0:17–0:24) that is carried by the dotted rhythm of a vocal sample repeated six times; the line "pump me up" from Trouble Funk's 1982 song of the same name played backwards indistinctly. The rhythmic measure-section also features a melodic line, Branford Marsalis' saxophone playing in triplets that is buried in the mix, eight snare drum hits in the second measure, and vocal exclamations in the third measure. One of the exclamations, a nonsemantic "chuck chuck" taken from the 1972 song "Whatcha See Is Whatcha Get" by The Dramatics, serves as a reference to Chuck D.
The three-measure section crescendos into the following section (0:24–0:44), which leads to the entrance of the rappers and features more complex production. In the first four seconds of the section, no less than 10 distinct samples are looped into a whole texture, which is then repeated four more times as a meta-loop. The whole section contains samples of guitar, synthesizer, bass, including that of James Brown's 1971 recording "Hot Pants", four fragmented vocal samples, including those of Brown's famous grunts in his recordings, and various percussion samples. Although it is obscured by the other samples, Clyde Stubblefield's drum break from James Brown's 1970 song "Funky Drummer", one of the most frequently sampled rhythmic breaks in hip hop, makes an appearance, with only the break's first two eighth notes in the bass drum and the snare hit in clarity. This section has a sharp, funky guitar riff playing over staccato rhythms, as a course voice exhorts the line "Come on, get down".
Lyrical content.
The song's lyrics features revolutionary rhetoric calling to fight the "powers that be". They are delivered by Chuck D, who raps in a confrontational, unapologetic tone. David Stubbs of The Quietus writes that the song "shimmies and seethes with all the controlled, incendiary rage and intent of Public Enemy at their height. It's set in the immediate future tense, a condition of permanently impending insurrection". 
"Fight the Power" opens with Chuck D roaring "1989!" His lyrics declare an African-American perspective in the first verse, as he addresses the "brothers and sisters" who are "swingin' while I’m singin' / Givin' whatcha gettin'". He also clarifies his group's platform as a musical artist: "Now that you've realized the pride's arrived / We've got to pump the stuff to make us tough / From the heart / It's a start, a work of art / To revolutionize". In addressing race, the lyrics dismiss the liberal notion of racial equality and the dynamic of transcending one's circumstances as it pertains to his group of people: "'People, people we are the same' / No, we're not the same / 'Cause we don't know the game". Chuck D goes on to call from the power structure to "give us what we want/ Gotta give us what we need", and intelligent activism and organization from his African-American community: "What we need is awareness / We can't get careless [...] Let's get down to business / Mental self-defensive fitness". In the line, Chuck D references his audience as "my beloved", an allusion to Martin Luther King, Jr.'s vision of the "beloved community".
The samples incorporated to "Fight the Power" largely draw from African-American culture, and their original recording artists are mostly important figures in the development of late 20th-century African-American popular music. Vocal elements characteristic of this are various exhortations common in African-American music and church services, including the lines "Let me hear you say", "Come on and get down", and "Brothers and sisters", as well as James Brown's grunts and Afrika Bambaataa's electronically processed exclamations, taken from his 1982 song "Planet Rock". The samples are reinforced by textual allusions to such music, quoted by Chuck D in his lyrics, including "sound of the funky drummer" (James Brown and Clyde Stubblefield), "I know you got soul" (Bobby Byrd and Eric B. & Rakim), "freedom or death" (Stetsasonic), "people, people" (Brown's "Funky President"), and "I'm black and I'm proud" (Brown's "Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud"). The track's title itself invokes the Isley Brothers' song of the same name.
Third verse.
The song's third verse contains disparaging lyrics about popular American icons Elvis Presley and John Wayne, as Chuck D raps, "Elvis was a hero to most / But he never meant shit to me / Straight up racist, the sucker was / Simple and plain", with Flavor Flav following, "Muthafuck him and John Wayne!". The lyrics were shocking and offensive to many listeners upon the single's release. Chuck D was inspired to write the lines after hearing proto-rap artist Clarence "Blowfly" Reid's "Blowfly Rapp" (1980), in which Reid engages in a battle of insults with a fictitious Klansman who makes a similarly phrased, racist insult against him and boxer Muhammad Ali. 
The third verse expresses the identification of Presley with racism—either personally or symbolically—and the largely held notion among Blacks that Presley, whose musical and visual performances owed much to African-American sources, unfairly achieved the cultural acknowledgment and commercial success largely denied his black peers in rock and roll. 
Chuck D later clarified his lyric associating Elvis Presley with racism. In an interview with Newsday timed with the 25th anniversary of Presley's death, Chuck D acknowledged that Elvis was held in high esteem by black musicians, and that Elvis himself admired black musical performers. Chuck D stated that the target of his "Elvis" line was the white culture which hailed Elvis as a "King" without acknowledging the black artists that came before him.
The line disparaging John Wayne is a reference to his controversial personal views, including racist remarks made in his 1971 interview for "Playboy", in which Wayne stated, "I believe in white supremacy until the blacks are educated to a point of responsibility. I don't believe in giving authority and positions of leadership and judgment to irresponsible people." 
Chuck D clarifies previous remarks in the verse's subsequent lines: "Cause I'm black and I'm proud / I'm ready and hyped, plus I'm amped / Most of my heroes don’t appear on no stamps / Sample a look back you look and find / Nothing but rednecks for 400 years if you check". Laura K. Warrell of "Salon" interprets the verse as an attack on embodiments of the white American ideal in Presley and Wayne, as well as its discriminative culture.
Release and reception.
On May 22, 1989, Professor Griff, the group's "Minister of Information", was interviewed by the "Washington Times" and made anti-Semitic comments, calling Jews "wicked" and blaming them for "the majority of wickedness that goes on across the globe", including financing the Atlantic slave trade and being responsible for South African apartheid. The comments drew attention from the Jewish Defense Organization (JDO), which announced a boycott of Public Enemy and publicized the issue to record executives and retailers. Consequently, the song's inclusion in "Do the Right Thing" led to pickets at the film's screenings from the JDO. Griff's interview was also outcried by media outlets. In response, Chuck D sent mixed messages to the media for a month, including reports of the group disbanding, not disbanding, boycotting the music industry, and dismissing Griff from the group. In June, Griff was dismissed from the group, and "Fight the Power" was released on a one-off deal with Motown Records. Public Enemy subsequently went on a self-imposed break from the public in order to take pressure off of Lee and his film. Their next single for "Fear of a Black Planet", "Welcome to the Terrordome", featured lyrics defending the group and attacking their critics during the controversy, and stirred more controversy for them over race and antisemitism.
During their self-imposed inactivity, "Fight the Power" climbed the "Billboard" charts. It was released as a 7-inch single in the United States and the United Kingdom, while the song's extended soundtrack version was released on a 12-inch and a CD maxi single.
"Fight the Power" was well-received by music critics upon its release. Greg Sandow of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that it is "perhaps the strongest pop single of 1989". "Fight the Power" was voted the best single of 1989 in "The Village Voice"s annual Pazz & Jop critics' poll. Robert Christgau, the poll's creator, ranked it as the sixth best on his own list. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance at the 1990 Grammy Awards.
The lyrics disparaging Elvis Presley and John Wayne were shocking and offensive to many listeners at the time. Chuck D reflected on the controversy surrounding these lyrics by stating that "I think it was the first time that every word in a rap song was being scrutinized word for word, and line for line." 
Music video.
The song's music video was filmed in Brooklyn and presented Public Enemy in part political rally, part live performance. Public Enemy biographer Russell Myrie wrote that the video "accurately to life [... the emotion and anger of a political rally".
Appearances.
"Fight the Power" plays throughout Spike Lee's "Do the Right Thing". It plays in the opening credits as Rosie Perez's character Tina dances to the song, shadowboxing and demonstrating her personality's animus. The song is most prevalent in scenes with Bill Nunn's imposing character Radio Raheem, who carries a boombox around the film's neighborhood with the song playing loudly and represents Black consciousness.
In 1989, "Fight the Power" was played in the streets of Overtown, Miami in celebration of the guilty verdict of police officer William Lozano, whose shooting of a black motorist led to two fatalities and a three-day riot in Miami that heightened tensions between African Americans and Hispanics. That year, the song was also played at the African-American fraternity party Greekfest in Virginia Beach, where tensions had grown between a predominantly White police force and festival-attending African Americans. According to attendees, the Greekfest riots were precipitated by a frenzied crowd that had heard the song as it was played from a black van.
In 1996, the song was used in the police drama television series "New York Undercover", featured prominently in the opening scene of the episode "Andre's Choice".
Legacy and influence.
Upon its release, "Fight the Power" became an anthemic song for politicized youth. Janice C. Simpson of "Time" wrote in an 1990 article, "The song not only whipped the movie to a fiery pitch but sold nearly 500,000 singles and became an anthem for millions of youths, many of them black and living in inner-city ghettocs ." Laura K. Warrell of "Salon" writes that the song was released "at a crucial period in America's struggle with race", crediting the song with "capturing both the psychological and social conflicts of the time." She interprets it as a reaction to "the frustrations of the Me Decade", including the crack epidemic in the inner cities, AIDS pandemic, racism, and the effects of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush's presidencies on struggling urban communities. Warrell cites "Fight the Power" as Public Enemy's "most accessible hit", noting its "uncompromising cultural critique, its invigoratingly danceable sound and its rallying", and comments that it "acted as the perfect summation of group's ideology and sound." It became Public Enemy's best-known song among music listeners. The group closes all their concerts with the song. Spike Lee and the group collaborated again in 1998 on the soundtrack album to Lee's film "He Got Game", also the group's sixth studio album. 
Chuck D acknowledged that "Fight the Power" is "the most important record that Public Enemy have done". 

</doc>
<doc id="2858033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858033" title="Helton Arruda">
Helton Arruda

Helton da Silva Arruda (born 18 May 1978), known as simply Helton, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for F.C. Porto in the Portuguese first division, as a goalkeeper.
After starting out at Vasco da Gama he went on to spend his professional career in Portugal, representing União de Leiria and Porto and winning 18 major titles for the latter.
Helton appeared for Brazil at the 2007 Copa América.
Club career.
Vasco.
Born in São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro, Helton emerged through CR Vasco da Gama's youth system. He first attracted attention after winning the Brazilian League and the Mercosur Cup with the club in 2000.
União de Leiria.
In 2002, Helton's contract with Vasco expired and he signed with Portuguese club União de Leiria. He made his official debut on 9 March 2003 in a 3–1 home win against Académica de Coimbra for the domestic cup, and backed up Paulo Costinha in his first season.
At the end of the 2004–05 campaign, after being first-choice in his last two years, Helton signed with F.C. Porto.
Porto.
It seemed that Helton was destined to spend a long time bench-warming, as Porto legend Vítor Baía barred his way into the first team. However, he got his chance sooner than expected when Dutch coach Co Adriaanse summarily dropped Baía after a mistake against C.F. Estrela da Amadora cost the team a goal and a 1–2 away defeat, on 15 January 2006.
After initial criticism, Helton gained the number one spot with several solid performances. He celebrated his first season at the club with the domestic double (league and cup).
Helton continued to be an undisputed starter for Porto in the following years, as Porto won four consecutive league championships. In 2008–09's Portuguese Cup, however, he stayed on the bench as Nuno Espírito Santo was the starter for the eventual winners.
Helton was again first-choice in the following two seasons, appearing in 49 league games combined as his team won six major titles. On 18 May 2011 he celebrated his 33rd birthday by keeping a clean sheet in the UEFA Europa League final, in a 1–0 win against fellow league side S.C. Braga; following the departure of Lucho González for Olympique de Marseille in the 2009 summer, he was also appointed team captain.
Helton played 30 league contests in the 2012–13 campaign, for his seventh league conquest. On 16 March 2014, however, the 35-year-old suffered an Achilles tendon injury to his right leg during a 0–1 loss at Sporting Clube de Portugal, being sidelined for several months.
International career.
After competing at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship, Helton was a member of the Brazilian team at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He appeared in all four matches, before the nation was eliminated in the quarter-finals by Cameroon.
Helton received his first callup to the main side in October 2006, starting in an unofficial exhibition game against Kuwait club Al Kuwait Kaifan on 7 October 2006. His official debut came on 15 November of the same year, starting in a friendly with Switzerland.
Helton was a member of the national squad who won the 2007 Copa América, although he did not play a single match in the whole tournament as he was second-choice to A.S. Roma's Doni.

</doc>
<doc id="2858036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858036" title="Ghaggar-Hakra River">
Ghaggar-Hakra River

The Ghaggar-Hakra River (Devanagri: घग्गर हकरा, Gurmukhi: ਘੱਗਰ ਹਕਰਾ, Shahmukhi: گهگـر هکره) is an intermittent river in India and Pakistan that flows only during the monsoon season. The river is known as Ghaggar before the Ottu barrage and as the Hakra downstream of the barrage. The Ghaggar-Hakra is generally identified with the Vedic Sarasvati River by most scholars, though it is disputed whether all Rigvedic references to the Sarasvati should be taken to refer to this river. The identification of the Vedic Sarasvati River with the Ghaggar-Hakra River was accepted by Christian Lassen, Max Müller, Marc Aurel Stein, C.F. Oldham, and Jane Macintosh.
Ghaggar River.
The present-day Sarsuti (Saraswati River) originate in a submontane region (Ambala district) and joins the Ghaggar near Shatrana in Punjab. Near Sadulgarh (Hanumangarh) the Naiwal channel, a dried out channel of the Sutlej, joins the Ghaggar. Near Suratgarh the Ghaggar is then joined by the dried up Drishadvati (Chautang) river.
The wide river bed (paleo-channel) of the Ghaggar river suggest that the river once flowed full of water during the great meltdown of the Himalayan Ice Age glaciers, some 10,000 years ago, and that it then continued through the entire region, in the presently dry channel of the Hakra River, possibly emptying into the Rann of Kutch. It supposedly dried up due to the capture of its tributaries by the Indus system and the Yamuna river, and later on, additionally, the loss of water in much of its catchment area due to deforestation and overgrazing. This is supposed by some to have happened at the latest in 1900 BCE, but actually took place much earlier 
Puri and Verma (1998) have argued that the present-day Tons River was the ancient upper-part of the Sarasvati River, which would then had been fed with Himalayan glaciers. The terrain of this river contains pebbles of quartzite and metamorphic rocks, while the lower terraces in these valleys do not contain such rocks. However, recent studies show that Bronze Age sediments from the glaciers of the Himalayas are missing along the Ghaggar-Hakra, indicating that the river did not or no longer have its sources in the high mountains.
In India there are also various small or middle-sized rivers called Sarasvati or Saraswati. One of them flows from the west end of the Aravalli Range into the east end of the Rann of Kutch.
Hakra River.
The Hakra is the dried-out channel of a river near Fort Abbas City in Pakistan that is the continuation of the Ghaggar River in India. Several times, but not continuously, it carried the water of the Sutlej and Sarasvati during the Bronze Age period. Many settlements of the Indus Valley Civilisation have been found along and inside the river beds of the Ghaggar and Hakra rivers.
Palaeogeography.
According to some palaeo-environmental scientists and Archaeologists, between 2500 BCE and 1900 BCE some tectonic disturbances caused tilt in topography of Northwest India resulting in the migration of river. The Sutlej moved westward and became a tributary of the Indus River while the Yamuna moved eastward and became a tributary of the Ganges. The Yamuna shifted its course eastwards, supposedly in the early 2nd millennium BCE, allegedly reaching its current bed by 1st millennium BCE, while the Drishadvati bed retained only a small seasonal flow. The Sutlej several times over shifted its channel northwards and was eventually captured by the Indus system. The water loss due to these movements caused the Sarasvati river to dry up in the Thar Desert.
However, Henri-Paul Francfort, utilizing images from the French satellite SPOT already two decades ago, found that the large river Sarasvati is pre-Harappan altogether and started drying up already in the middle of the 4th millennium BC; during Harappan times only a complex irrigation-canal network was being used. The date should therefore be pushed back to c 3800 BC. R. Mughal (1997), summing up the evidence, concludes that the Bronze Age Ghaggar-Hakra sometimes carried more, sometimes less water (for example derived from the Sutlej). The latter point agrees with a recent isotope study. Painted Grey Ware sites (ca. 1000 BCE) have been found in the river bed and not on the banks of the Ghaggar-Hakra river, which suggests that river was certainly dried up by this period.
The Rig Vedic hymn X 75, however, gives a list of names of rivers where Sarasvati is merely mentioned while Sindhu receives praise. It is commonly agreed that the tenth Book of the Rig Veda is later than the others. Some revisionists think, ahistorically, that this may indicate that the Rig Veda could be dated to a period after the first drying up of Sarasvati (c. 3500 BCE) when the river lost its preeminence.
Scholars, however, commonly date the Rig Veda to after the Indus Valley culture, arguing for example, that the lack of clear evidence of domesticated equids at Indus Valley culture sites contrasts with the Rig Veda's frequent references to domesticated horses. Scholars also interpret frequent use in the Rig Veda of the word "ratha", which in later Sanskrit can mean any kind of carriage, to be references specifically to horse-drawn, spoked-wheeled war chariots, whereas the only carts (called 'anas' in Vedic) found at Indus Valley culture sites are solid-wheeled bullock carts. There are indeed a number of mentions in the Rig Veda of spoked (ara) wheels, horse-drawn chariots and the use of chariots in sport, competition and battle, including also the deity Indra's vehicle. Indra is described as throwing his vajra weapon from a heavenly "ratha" pulled by two "hari" horses, a noun form of "bay".
The many archeological sites along the bed of Sarasvati (variously given as 414 or even 600) dwarf the number of sites so far recorded along the Indus River, which number less (about three dozen). However, most of the Harappan sites along the Sarasvati are found in desert country, and have remained undisturbed since the end of the Indus Civilization. This contrasts with the heavy alluvium of the Indus and other large Panjab rivers that have obscured Harappan sites, including part of Mohenjo Daro. About 80 percent of the Sarasvati sites are datable to the fourth or third millennium BCE, suggesting that the river was flowing during (part of) this period, which is also indicated by the fact that some Indus sites are found inside the bed of the Ghaggar-Hakra.
Association with the Harappan civilization.
Some estimate that the period at which the river dried up range, very roughly, from 2500 to 2000 BC, with a further margin of error at either end of the date-range. This may be precise in geological terms, but for the mature Indus Valley Civilization (2600 to 1900 BC) it makes all the difference whether the river dried up in 2500 (its early phase) or 2000 (its late phase). By contact with remnants of the IVC like the Cemetery H culture, legendary knowledge of the event may have been acquired.
Along the course of the Ghaggar-Hakra river are many archaeological sites of the Indus Valley Civilization; but not further south than the middle of Bahawalpur district. It has been assumed that the Sarasvati ended there in a series of terminal lakes, and some think that its water only reached the Indus or the sea in very wet rainy seasons. However, satellite images contradict this: they do not show subterranean water in reservoirs in the dunes between the Indus and the end of the Hakra west of Fort Derawar/Marot. It may also have been affected by much of its water being taken for irrigation.
In a survey conducted by M.R. Mughal between 1974 and 1977, over 400 sites were mapped along 300 miles of the Hakra river. The majority of these sites were dated to the fourth or third millennium BCE.
S. P. Gupta however counts over 600 sites of the Indus civilization on the Ghaggar-Hakra river and its tributaries. For ereason stated above, only 90 to 96 Indus Valley sites have been discovered on the Indus and its tributaries (about 36 sites on the Indus river itself.) V.N. Misra states that over 530 Harappan sites (of the more than 800 known sites, not including Late Harappan or OCP) are located on the Ghaggar-Hakra. The other sites are mainly in Kutch-Saurashtra (nearly 200 sites), Yamuna Valley (nearly 70 Late Harappan sites) and in the Indus Valley, in Baluchistan, and in the NW Frontier Province (less than 100 sites).
Most of the Mature Harappan sites are located in the middle Ghaggar-Hakra river valley, and some on the Indus and in Kutch-Saurashtra. However, just as in other contemporary cultures, such as the BMAC, settlements move up-river due to climate changes around 2000 BCE. In the late Harappan period the number of late Harappan sites in the middle Ghaggar-Hakra channel and in the Indus valley diminishes, while it expands in the upper Ghaggar-Sutlej channels and in Saurashtra. The abandonment of many sites on the Ghaggar-Hakra between the Harappan and the Late Harappan phase was probably due to the drying up of the Ghaggar-Hakra river.
Painted Grey Ware sites (ca. 1000 BCE) have been found in the bed and not on the banks of the Ghaggar-Hakra river.
Because most of the Indus Valley sites known so far are actually located on the Ghaggar-Hakra river and its tributaries and not on the Indus river, some Indian archaeologists, such as S.P. Gupta, have proposed to use the term "Indus Sarasvati Civilization" to refer to the Harappan culture which is named, as is common in archaeology, after the first place where the culture was discovered.
Ancient tributaries.
Satellite photography has shown that the Ghaggar-Hakra was indeed a large river that dried up several times (see Mughal 1997). The dried out Hakra river bed is between three and ten kilometers wide. Recent research indicates that the Sutlej and possibly also the Yamuna once flowed into the Ghaggar-Hakra river bed. The Sutlej and Yamuna Rivers have changed their courses several times.
Paleobotanical information also documents the aridity that developed after the drying up of the river. "(Gadgil and Thapar 1990 and references therein)". The disappearance of the river may additionally have been caused by earthquakes which may have led to the redirection of its tributaries. It has also been suggested that the loss of rainfall in much of its catchment area as well as deforestation and overgrazing may have also contributed to the drying up of the river. However, a similar phenomenon, caused by climate change, is also seen at about the same period north of the Hindu Kush, in the area of the Bactria-Margiana Archaeological Complex.
Sutlej.
There are no Harappan sites on the Sutlej in its present lower course, only in its upper course near the Siwaliks, and along the dried up channel of the ancient Sutlej, which indicates the Sutlej did flow into the Ghaggar-Hakra at that time.
At Ropar the Sutlej river suddenly turns sharply away from the Ghaggar. The narrow Ghaggar river bed itself is becoming suddenly wider at the conjunction where the Sutlej should have met the Ghaggar river. There also is a major paleochannel between the turning point of the Sutlej and where the Ghaggar river bed widens.
In later texts like the Mahabharata, the Rigvedic Sutudri (of unknown, non-Sanskrit etymology) is called Shatudri (Shatadru/Shatadhara), which means a river with 100 flows. As mentioned, the Sutlej (and the Beas and Ravi) have frequently changed their courses. The Beas probably joined the Sutlej (as in Rgveda 3.33) further downstream from where it joins that river today. Before that time, the Sutlej is said to have flowed into Ghaggar.
Yamuna.
There are no Harappan sites on the present Yamuna river. There are however Painted Gray Ware (1000 - 600 BC) sites along the Yamuna channel, showing that the river must have then flowed in the present channel. The sparse distribution of the Painted Gray Ware sites in the Ghaggar river valley indicates that during this period the Ghaggar river had already dried up.
Scholars like Raikes (1968) and Suraj Bhan (1972, 1973, 1975, 1977) have shown that based on archaeological, geomorphic and sedimentological research the Yamuna may have flowed into the Sarasvati during Harappan times. There are several dried out river beds (paleochannels) between the Sutlej and the Yamuna, some of them two to ten kilometres wide. They are not always visible on the ground because of excessive silting and encroachment by sand of the dried out river channels. The Yamuna may have flowed into the Sarasvati river through the Chautang or the Drishadvati channel, since many Harappan sites have been discovered on these dried out river beds.
Identification with the Rigvedic Sarasvati.
The identity of the dried-up Ghaggar-Hakra with the late Vedic and post-Vedic Sarasvati is widely accepted. The identification of the early Rigvedic Sarasvati with the Old Ghaggar is another matter, and the subject of recent dispute. The identification with the Sarasvati River is based the mentionings in Vedic texts ("e.g." in the enumeration of the rivers in Rigveda 10.75.05 - the order is Ganges, Yamuna, Sarasvati, Sutudri Sutlej), Parusni, etc. - and other geological and paleobotanical findings. This however, is disputed. The Victorian era scholar C.F. Oldham (1886) was the first to suggest that geological events had redirected the river, and to connect it to the lost Sarasvati: " was formerly the Sarasvati; that name is still known amongst the people, and the famous fortress of Sarsuti or Sarasvati was built upon its banks, nearly 100 miles below the present junction with the Ghaggar."
The Sarasvati River is mentioned in all books of the Rigveda except the fourth. It is the only river with hymns entirely dedicated to it: RV 6.61, RV 7.95 and RV 7.96.It is mentioned as a divine and large river,which flows "from the mountains to the samudra," which some take as the Indian Ocean. Talageri states that "the references to the Sarasvati far outnumber the references to the Indus" and "The Sarasvati is so important in the whole of the Rigveda that it is worshipped as one of the Three Great Goddesses". However, the reason for the predominance of the Sarasvati in the Rigveda is the late Harappan (1900-1300 BCE) population shift eastwards to Haryana; the latter part of the period corresponds to the common scholarly opinion of the date of this text.
Another reference to the Sarasvati is in the geographical enumeration of the rivers in the late Rigvedic Nadistuti sukta (10.75.5, this verse enumerates all important rivers from the Ganges in the east up to the Indus in the west in a strict geographical order), as "Ganges, Yamuna, Sarasvati, Shutudri", the Sarasvati is placed between the Yamuna and the Sutlej, consistent with the Ghaggar identification. It is clear, therefore, that even if the river had unmistakably lost much of her former prominence, the Sarasvati remained characterized as a river goddess almost throughout the Rigveda.
In 2012 hydrologists dug a number of bores holes to attempt to ascertain the ancient course of the Sarasvati River.

</doc>
<doc id="2858039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858039" title="Ian Anderson Plays the Orchestral Jethro Tull">
Ian Anderson Plays the Orchestral Jethro Tull

Ian Anderson Plays the Orchestral Jethro Tull is a live album and DVD by Jethro Tull frontman
Ian Anderson, featuring the Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt, conducted by John O'Hara. The DVD was recorded at the Rosengarten in Mannheim on 8 December 2004.
The concert was part of a series of the same name. Anderson, O'Hara, and the orchestra toured Europe and the United States throughout 2004 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2858043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858043" title="California State Route 242">
California State Route 242

State Route 242 (SR 242) is a short three-mile (5 km) connector route that links Interstate 680 north of Pleasant Hill to State Route 4 in Concord. In 2000, State Route 242 was widended to six through-traffic lanes for the entire route. Ramp metering is present at all onramps, but is not used at this time. It was signed as part of State Route 24 until ca. 1987. Currently, along with Interstate 580, State Route 24, Interstate 680, and State Route 4, it serves as the most direct route between the San Francisco Bay Area and the Sacramento River Delta region of Northern California.
Route description.
SR 242 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System. The route begins as a freeway at Interstate 680 in Concord. It then heads north, meeting Clayton Road, Concord Avenue, Grant Street, and Olivera Road before meeting its north end at State Route 4 just west of the former Concord Naval Weapons Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2858046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858046" title="Borrell II, Count of Barcelona">
Borrell II, Count of Barcelona

Borrell II (died 993) was Count of Barcelona, Girona, and Ausona from 945 and Count of Urgell from 948.
Borrell was first seen acting as Count during the reign of his father Sunyer in 945 at the consecration of the nunnery church of Sant Pere de les Puelles in Barcelona. In 947, Sunyer retired to monastic life and ceded the government of his realms jointly to his sons Borrell and Miró I. In 948, Borrell inherited Urgell from his uncle Sunifred II. Sunyer died in 950, and Miró died in 966, leaving Borrell sole ruler of more than half of Old Catalonia, a status which led outsiders and flatterers to refer to him as "dux Gothiae", "Duke of Gothia". His own documents almost all refer to him merely as "comes et marchio", "Count and Marquis".
Borrell was the son of Sunyer. In 967 he married Letgarda, who is speculated to have been daughter of a Count of Toulouse or Rouergue based on the names given to her children. By her Borrell had two sons and two daughters: Ramon Borrell (972-1017), Ermengol (974–1010), Ermengarda and Richilda. After Letgarda's death "circa" 986, he married Eimeruda of Auvergne in 987.
Borrell's military career seems to have been undistinguished — he is recorded as fighting only two battles and seems to have lost both - and it was under his rule that Barcelona was sacked in 985 by the Muslim leader Almanzor. On the other hand, he had far greater success as a diplomat. Before the attacks of the 980s, and discounting a single raid by the Caliph al-Hakam II soon after his succession in 961, he maintained cordial relations with the Muslim rulers of Córdoba and also sent emissaries to the kings of the Franks. Furthermore, in 970, he voyaged to Rome to meet with both Pope John XIII and Emperor Otto I.
Borrell was also a patron of learning and culture. In 967, Borrell visited the monastery of Aurillac and the Abbot asked the count to take Gerbert of Aurillac (the future Pope Sylvester II) with him so that the boy could study mathematics in Spain. In the following years, Gerbert studied under the direction of Bishop Atto of Vic, some 60 km north of Barcelona, and probably also at the nearby Monastery of Santa Maria de Ripoll. He was also taken on the 970 embassy to Rome, during which the Pope persuaded Otto to employ Gerbert as a tutor for his young son, the future emperor Otto II.
In 985 the Hispanic March was attacked by the Muslim general Almanzor, who managed to take Barcelona, which was pillaged and sacked. Many citizens were taken prisoner by the Muslim forces. Borrell sent a request for help to King Lothar III, the current King of the Western Franks, but although documents of Borrell's refer to royal orders that must have come from this embassy, actual military assistance was beyond Lothar's power. What appears to have been a similar plea to Hugh Capet resulted in a letter from Hugh to Borrell promising aid if the count preferred "to obey us rather than the Ishmaelites", but in any event Hugh could not persuade his nobles to support a southern expedition. No answer to Hugh's letter is known from Borrell, and the connection between the March and France was effectively broken. Catalan historians now consider this the point at which their nation became a sovereign power, and the millennium of their independence was celebrated in 1987 with conferences and numerous publications; however it appears that Catalan counties other than Borrell's retained links with the Frankish crown for a little longer.
From 988, Borrell's sons Ramon Borrell and Ermengol appear as rulers in a divided territory, with Ramon Borrell being count of Barcelona, Girona, and Osona and Ermengol being count of Urgell. Borrell II continued to issue documents and tour his domains, however, and when he was taken ill in 993 in Castellciutat near la Seu d'Urgell, the will that he made provided for him outliving his executors. It was not to be, however, and his death followed soon afterwards.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2858056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858056" title="Tizanidine">
Tizanidine

Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting α2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia.
Tizanidine has been found to be as effective as other antispasmodic drugs and has superior tolerability to that of baclofen and diazepam. Tizanidine can be very strong even at the 2 mg dose and may cause hypotension, so caution is advised when it is used in patients who have a history of orthostatic hypotension, or when switching from gel cap to tablet form and vice versa.
Tizanidine can occasionally cause liver damage, generally the hepatocellular type. Clinical trials show that up to 5% of patients treated with tizanidine had elevated liver function test values, though symptoms disappeared upon withdrawal of the drug. Care should be used when first beginning treatment with tizanidine with regular liver tests for the first 6 months of treatment.
Availability.
Tizanidine is supplied as 2 and 4 mg tablets for oral administration, and in gel cap form in doses of 2 mg, 4 mg, and 6 mg.
The tablets are composed of the active ingredient, tizanidine hydrochloride (2.288 mg equivalent to 2 mg tizanidine base and 4.576 mg equivalent to 4 mg tizanidine base), and the inactive ingredients, silicon dioxide colloidal, stearic acid, microcrystalline cellulose and anhydrous lactose.
Interactions.
Concomitant use of tizanidine and moderate or potent CYP1A2 inhibitors is contraindicated. Concomitant use of tizanidine with fluvoxamine, a potent CYP1A2 inhibitor in man, resulted in a 33-fold increase in the tizanidine AUC (plasma drug concentration-time curve). Flouroquinolone antibiotics such as moxifloxacin, levofloxacin, and ciprofloxacin should also be avoided due to an increased serum concentration of tizanidine when administered concomitantly.
Tizanidine is a potent sedative. It therefore has the potential to interact with other CNS depressants. Alcohol should be avoided, particularly as it can upset the stomach.
It has a volume of distribution of 2.6L (per manufacturers notes).
Side effects.
Side effects include dizziness, drowsiness, weakness, nervousness, depression, vomiting, tingling sensation in the arms, legs, hands, and feet, dry mouth, constipation, diarrhea, stomach pain, heartburn, increased muscle spasms, back pain, rash and sweating.

</doc>
<doc id="2858062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858062" title="Noncentral chi distribution">
Noncentral chi distribution

In probability theory and statistics, the noncentral chi distribution is a generalization of the chi distribution. If formula_3 are "k" independent, normally distributed random variables with means formula_4 and variances formula_5, then the statistic
is distributed according to the noncentral chi distribution. The noncentral chi distribution has two parameters: formula_7 which specifies the number of degrees of freedom (i.e. the number of formula_3), and formula_9 which is related to the mean of the random variables formula_3 by:
Properties.
The probability density function is
where formula_13 is a modified Bessel function of the first kind.
The first few raw moments are:
where formula_18 is the generalized Laguerre polynomial. Note that the 2"n"th moment is the same as the "n"th moment of the noncentral chi-squared distribution with formula_9 being replaced by formula_20.
Differential equation
formula_21
Bivariate non-central chi distribution.
Let formula_22, be a set of "n" independent and identically distributed bivariate normal random vectors with marginal distributions formula_23, correlation formula_24, and mean vector and covariance matrix
with formula_26 positive definite. Define
Then the joint distribution of "U", "V" is central or noncentral bivariate chi distribution with "n" degrees of freedom.
If either or both formula_28 or formula_29 the distribution is a noncentral bivariate chi distribution.
Applications.
The Euclidean norm of a multivariate normally distributed random vector follows a noncentral chi distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="2858064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858064" title="Talvin DeMachio">
Talvin DeMachio

Talvin DeMachio is a retired escort and American pornographic actor who appears in pornographic movies aimed at gay audiences.

</doc>
<doc id="2858065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858065" title="Abolqasem Lahouti">
Abolqasem Lahouti

Abolqāsem Lahūtī (1887 - 16 March 1957) (Tajik: Абулқосим Лоҳутӣ, ), also transliterated as "Abulqasim Lahuti" and "Abulqosim Lohuti", was a Persian poet and political activist who was active in Iran during the Persian Constitutional Revolution and in Tajikistan in the early Soviet era.
Born in Kermanshah to a persian poet by the name "Mirza Ahmad Elhami" and a kurdish mother, his first poem was printed in the newspaper "Habl al-Mateen" in Calcutta at the age of 18.
He soon entered politics and even received a medal from Sattar Khan for his efforts.
Initially, he went to clerical school, but then went to Bulgaria and wrote many poems on Islam. He then came back to Iran, and enlisted in the armed forces, and graduated as Captain in rank.
After being convicted by a court in Qom to death, he fled to Turkey, but soon returned and joined forces with Sheikh Mohammad Khiabani in Tabriz. His forces defeated Mahmud Khan Puladeen's troops, but were soon disbanded by freshly dispatched forces. He fled to Baku.
While living in Nakhichevan, he became interested in Communism. After marrying a Russian poet by the name "Sisil Banu", being unable to initiate a coup d'etat against the central government of Iran, he gave up and moved to USSR where he remained until his final days.
In 1925, he went to Dushanbe and joined the friends of Sadriddin Aini. His poetry was welcomed by audiences and gained
him the position of the founder of Soviet Tajik poetry.
Lahuti is the author of the Anthem of the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic. Lahuti's other works include "Kovai Ohangar" ("Kaveh the Blacksmith", 1947), "Qasidai Kremel" ("Ode to the Kremlin", 1923), and "Toj va Bairaq" ("The Crown and the Flag", 1935). His collection of poetry, in six volumes, was published in 1960-1963.
He died on March 16, 1957, in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="2858075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858075" title="S2M">
S2M

"S2M" is a common text messaging shortcut which means "smiling to myself." The primary motivation and genesis of this meme came from overuse of the text messaging shortcut "LOL", which is often misused and certainly overused. S2M gives users a more accurate and realistic description of their response and experience when receiving texts, email forwards, or other electronic forms of communication that are amusing, but not, "laugh out loud" funny. The response was coined by Bryan Cullison in June 2011, where several friends in the southern California region quickly passed it along, becoming a phenomenon and adopted into the common text messaging canon by the Fall of the same year.
S2M, formerly Société de Mécanique Magnétique, is a French company based in Saint-Marcel, Eure, Normandie that produces magnetic bearings and high speed motors. Created in 1976, It is completely owned by SKF, since 2007.
S2M is involved in the production of magnetic bearings and high speed motors. It has in-house experts in all areas, from design to manufacture and installation/commissioning, which ensures that the company maintains its technological prowess.
S2M was initially involved in aeronautical and space research, with a start-up in 1976, inspired by a truly revolutionary innovation(contact-free bearings/magnetic bearings)which functions by the principle of electromagnetic levitation. Numerous patented technological advancements that followed elevated S2M to new levels. And S2M continues to invest in R&D. They are researching on new control algorithms, new high-power components, new magnet materials, new configurations.
Today, S2M's main markets are the gas and energy sectors.
S2M is Australia’s fastest growing specialist recruitment company, focusing on the Digital, New Media, Interactive, Mobile, Executive and Sales & Marketing space. 
S2M is a national leader in helping companies identify, attract, develop & retain quality people within the Media, Marketing & Communications sphere. With a strong heritage in digital and intimate knowledge of the online channel their experience in helping businesses find people to conceive, develop, deliver & measure their message is truly holistic. S2M has offices in Sydney, Melbourne and Singapore. 

</doc>
<doc id="2858088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858088" title="Regilio Tuur">
Regilio Tuur

Regilio Benito Tuur (born August 12, 1967 in Paramaribo, Suriname) is a former boxer from The Netherlands, who made his fame by knocking out reigning world champion Kelcie Banks in the first round at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Amateur career.
After winning a bronze medal at the 1987 European Amateur Boxing Championships, Tuur was selected to participate at the Olympics.
His 1988 Olympic Results as a featherweight are:
Professional career.
In 1989 Tuur turned professional with his first fight held in New York. In 1994 won the world title of the World Boxing Organisation (WBO) by beating Eugene Speed from the United States in his hometown Rotterdam.
He lived in Hempstead, Long Island for several years with his wife and newborn daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="2858100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858100" title="Lübben (Spreewald)">
Lübben (Spreewald)

Lübben (Spreewald) (Lower Sorbian: "Lubin (Błota))" is a town of 14,000 people, capital of the Dahme-Spreewald district in the Lower Lusatia region of Brandenburg, Germany.
Administrative structure.
Districts of the town are:
History.
The castle of "Lubin" in the March of Lusatia was first mentioned in an 1150 register of Nienburg Abbey and had received town privileges according to Magdeburg law by 1220. From 1301 the town in the centre of the Spreewald floodplain was in the possession of the monks of Dobrilugk Abbey, who sold it to Duke Rudolph I of Saxe-Wittenberg in 1329. After several conflicts with the Wittelsbach margraves of Brandenburg the March of Lustia was finally acquired by Emperor Charles IV of Luxembourg in 1367 who incorporated Lübben into the Kingdom of Bohemia. In the 15th century Lübben became the seat of the Bohemian "Vogt" administrator and the provincial diet "(Landtag)" of Lower Lusatia.
In 1526 the House of Habsburg inherited the Bohemian kingdom including Lusatia, which in 1623 Ferdinand II of Habsburg had to give in pawn to Elector John George I of Saxony. The Saxon Electorate finally acquired Lübben by signing the 1635 Peace of Prague. After the Napoleonic Wars it again fell to the Prussian province of Brandenburg by the final act of the 1815 Congress of Vienna.
During World War II, Lübben was taken by Soviet troops of the 3rd Guards Army on 27 April 1945.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.
Politics.
Seats in the municipal assembly "(Stadtverordnetenversammlung)" as of 2008 elections:
Lübben is twinned with Wolsztyn in Poland and Neunkirchen, Saarland in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2858106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858106" title="Peter Alexander (Austrian performer)">
Peter Alexander (Austrian performer)

Peter Alexander Ferdinand Maximilian Neumayer (30 June 1926 – 12 February 2011), commonly known as Peter Alexander, was an Austrian actor, singer and entertainer. His fame emerged in the 1950s and 1960s through popular film comedies and successful recordings, predominantly of Schlager and operetta repertory. Later, Alexander established himself as the acclaimed host of television shows. His career as a live singer touring the German language countries lasted until 1991, while he continued his television work until 1996.
Life and career.
During World War II, Alexander was a teenaged Luftwaffenhelfer and member of the Reichsarbeitsdienst before finally being conscripted into the Navy. He was captured by the British in early 1945 and held as a POW.
After WWII, he attended Vienna's Max Reinhardt Seminary for actors until 1948 and then began his career in acting. He starred in several musical comedies, including "Liebe, Tanz und 1000 Schlager" and "Peter schießt den Vogel ab". He recorded Ralph Benatzky's operetta "Im weißen Rößl", singing the lead role of Leopold Brandmeyer. He then performed in the 1960 movie version of the operetta. He later starred in the Count Bobby movies and the "Lümmel"-series. In the 1970s, Alexander started a second career as a TV host and entertainer. His music show, the "", was shown on black and white TV from 1963 until 1966. From 1969, the German TV station ZDF started to air a new colour version which was broadcast until 1996. The "Peter Alexander Show" has been seen by more than 38 million viewers and has averaged a 71% viewing rate.
After his death, Media Control Charts named him the biggest singles artist ever with 459 songs having charted on the German singles chart. The single "Und manchmal weinst du sicher ein paar Tränen" had the longest run with 34 weeks on that chart, while 2 other songs, "Der letzte Walzer" and "Liebesleid", were able to reach the #1 position. Alexander won 10 Bambi Awards and in 1996 was awarded a Bambi for lifetime achievement.
Alexander married Hilde Haagen in 1952; they had two children, Susanne Neumayer-Haidinger (1958–2009), an artist, and Michael Neumayer (born 1963). Alexander was widowed in 2003.
Peter Alexander died on 12 February 2011, aged 84, in his native Vienna. He is survived by his son and two grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="2858114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858114" title="Canadian Rangers">
Canadian Rangers

The Canadian Rangers (often mistakenly called the Arctic Rangers) are a sub-component of the Canadian Forces reserve that provide a military presence in Canada's sparsely settled northern, coastal, and isolated areas. Formally established on May 23, 1947, a primary role of this part-time force is to conduct surveillance or sovereignty patrols (SOV PATS) as required. Some Canadian Rangers also conduct inspections of the North Warning System (NWS) sites and act as guides, scouts, and subject matter experts in such disciplines as wilderness survival when other forces (such as Army units of the Regular Force or Primary Reserve) are in their area of operations.
The Canadian Rangers are a volunteer force made up of Inuit, First Nations, Métis and non-Aboriginals; however, it is a common misconception that the organization is a First Nations entity. The ethnic make-up of the numerous patrols across Canada is entirely an element of geography. Canadian Rangers are paid according to the rank they hold within their patrol and when present on operations or during training events.
History.
Modern Canadian Rangers can trace their history back to the Pacific Coast Militia Rangers (PCMR). Formed on March 3, 1942, the Pacific Coast Militia Rangers were volunteers who patrolled, performed military surveillance, and provided local defence of the coastline of British Columbia and in the Yukon against the wartime threat of a possible Japanese invasion. At their height, the Pacific Coast Militia Rangers consisted of 15,000 volunteers in 138 companies. The Pacific Coast Militia Rangers were officially disbanded on September 30, 1945.
Patrol area of the PCMR.
The PCMR was composed of 138 companies under three major patrol areas, which were Vancouver Island, the lower Fraser Valley and the Bridge River area. Some of the principal officers of the PCMR were Lieutenant-Colonel C.W. Peck, Lieutenant-Colonel A.L. Coote and Major H. Ashby.
There are currently approximately 5000 Rangers serving in various communities around Canada.
Equipment.
Each Canadian Ranger is issued a red Canadian Ranger sweatshirt, CADPAT pants, combat boots, baseball cap, safety vest, rifle and navigation aids. They are expected to be mostly self-reliant regarding equipment. However, they are also provided with a small amount of patrol-level stores (mostly camp stores - tents, stoves, lanterns, axes, etc.). They are reimbursed for the use of personal vehicles and equipment and are paid for this use according to the nationally-established equipment usage rates. Items that a Canadian Ranger could be reimbursed for include snowmobiles (called light over-snow vehicles, or LOSVs, in the military), all-terrain vehicles, watercraft, trailers, pack horses, sled dog teams, and a variety of tools and equipment (such as radios, chainsaws, generators, and the like).
Weapons.
Canadian Rangers are issued the .303 British calibre Lee Enfield No 4 rifle, with each user being provided with 200 rounds of ammunition every year.
While the bolt action Lee-Enfield has been out of general service in the Canadian military since the 1950s, it has proven to be reliable in the Arctic environment. Canadian Rangers carry the weapon primarily for subsistence and protection against predators rather than with the expectation of engaging an enemy force.
Rifle replacement.
Owing to the decreasing availability of spare parts, the replacement of the Lee-Enfield rifle had long been expected and in August 2011 after user requirements had been determined, the Canadian Forces officially issued a tender request for a bolt-action rifle compatible with 7.62 NATO and .308 Winchester. Approximately 10,000 rifles were to be bought giving the system a service life of about 30 years. The new rifles were to be manufactured under licence by Colt Canada and to be in service by 2015.
Chain of command.
The Canadian Rangers became part of the Canadian Army in October 2007, having previously been under the Vice Chief of the Defence Staff for the Canadian Forces. The Commander of the Canadian Army is the Canadian Ranger National Authority (CRNA). The Commander of the Canadian Army has a small cadre of CRNA staff in Ottawa. These CRNA staff act as a conduit for information, assist with general development and improvement, assist in generating, modifying, and maintaining policy which addresses the unique nature of the Canadian Rangers (including administrative policy, unit establishment and structure, training policy, and logistical policy), and with the financing of the Canadian Rangers. These staff are not directly within the chain of command, but are instead seen as the technical and advisory link between the Canadian Ranger units and the Commander of the Canadian Army.
Command and control of the respective Canadian Ranger units (known as Canadian Ranger Patrol Groups (or CRPGs)) is devolved from the Commander of the Canadian Army down to his subordinate commanders of the various regional divisions. There are five CRPGs and each CRPG corresponds to one of the regional divisions (as seen below). The CRPGs tend to be provincially oriented, apart from 1 CRPG, which covers the whole of northern Canada north of the 60th parallel, and 4 CRPG which covers the four western provinces (British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba). Each CRPG has a headquarters and a number of patrols, albeit that 4 CRPG's patrols are managed within a company contruct, with provincially-oriented companies each commanding their own patrols. The patrols tend to be centred on remote communities throughout Canada and are frequently named after the town or village they are from (the Terrace Patrol, in British Columbia, for instance).
Patrol areas.
There are five main patrol areas of the Canadian Rangers. Each patrol area is directly controlled by the headquarters unit of a Canadian Ranger patrol group or CRPG (in French, or GPRC).
Junior Canadian Rangers.
The Junior Canadian Rangers Programme was created on May 31, 1996, and consists of more than 3,400 members in 119 locations. Under the supervision of the Canadian Rangers, the Junior Canadian Ranger Programme is open to young Canadians, from ages 12 to 18.
Issued on September 1, 1942, the training publication, "The Ranger", was in circulation for the PCMR, as it contained such articles as "Know where to shoot", "Edible plants of BC", "What can you do with a tarp?", and "Dig or die".
The Canadian Rangers' motto is ""Vigilans"".

</doc>
<doc id="2858115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858115" title="Firearms (Amendment) (No. 2) Act 1997">
Firearms (Amendment) (No. 2) Act 1997

The Firearms (Amendment) (No. 2) Act 1997 was the second of two Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1997 that amended the regulation of firearms within the United Kingdom. It was introduced by the newly elected Labour government of Tony Blair. The other Act was the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1997.
Background.
The act was created in response to the Snowdrop Petition following the Dunblane Massacre. The previous Conservative government had followed the recommendations of the Cullen Report on the massacre and introduced the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1997 that banned "high calibre" handguns, greater than .22 calibre (5.6 mm). This new (No. 2) act further banned the private possession of all cartridge ammunition handguns, regardless of calibre.
The only handguns still allowed following the ban were: 

</doc>
<doc id="2858138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858138" title="Centre for Social Justice">
Centre for Social Justice

The Centre for Social Justice (CSJ) is a think tank co-founded in 2004 by Iain Duncan Smith and Tim Montgomerie.
The organisation's stated aim is to "put social justice at the heart of British politics".The think-tank has been labelled one of the most influential on the British Conservative Party under the leadership of David Cameron.[http://conservativehome.blogs.com/thinktankcentral/2010/04/centre-for-social-justice-and-policy-exchange-are-best-regarded-think-tanks-by-conservativehomes-inf.html One of its most notable reports was Breakthrough BritainIt has also produced well-publicised reports into gang culture,[https://www.politicshome.com/uk/article/38572/csj_backs_gangs_plan_and_calls_for_relentless_effort_to_make_streets_safe.html modern slavery, addiction,[http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-23913818 family breakdown, and educational failure.[http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/education-underclass-of-children-in-the-uk-is-still-in-nappies-when-they-start-school-8796336.html In 2012, the CSJ announced it would carry out the study Breakthrough Britain II.[http://www.centreforsocialjustice.org.uk/policy/breakthrough-britain-ii-landing-page]

</doc>
<doc id="2858145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858145" title="Rondebosch Boys' School">
Rondebosch Boys' School

Rondebosch Boys' School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2858153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858153" title="Sheldon High School Summer Theatre">
Sheldon High School Summer Theatre

Begun in 1972 by Jay Shelp, The program is notable because it is the only such program that occurs at a non-performing arts high school. SHSST presents six full-length shows over the course of six weeks during June and July. Students are responsible for all aspects of production, ranging from marketing to set-building to acting. The program is mainly staffed by SHSST alumni. Mrs. Lissa Lane-Johnson directs the program.
The production schedule for the 2014 season is the following:
All performances are at Sheldon High School in Sheldon, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="2858154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858154" title="Schleicher ASK 21">
Schleicher ASK 21

The ASK 21 is a glass-reinforced plastic (GRP) two-seater mid-wing glider aircraft with a T-tail. The ASK 21 is designed primarily for beginner instruction, but is also suitable for cross-country flying and aerobatic instruction.
Design and development.
The ASK 21 was designed by Rudolf Kaiser to replace the popular ASK 13, providing a modern two-seat aircraft bridging the gap between initial training and single-seat performance flying. The ASK 21 is the first full-GRP two-seater produced by Schleicher, flying for the first time in February 1979 (6.2.1979). Production also began in 1979, remaining in production to this day (May 2013), over 900 units completed. In December 2004 the ASK 21 Mi, a self-launching version, made its first flight.
Construction.
The two seats are in a tandem arrangement with dual controls, adjustable rudder pedals and seatbacks. The fuselage consists of a tubular sandwich and thus offers passive safety with low weight. The two-piece, mid-set, cantilever wing is a single-spar glass-fiber construction without flaps, but with upper side Schempp-Hirth-type spoilers. The wingtips curve downward, providing tip skids that allow take-offs without a wing helper(small wheel added with ASK-21 mi). The T-tail possesses a fixed horizontal stabilizer and an elevator with spring trim and automatic connections. The undercarriage consists of two or three fixed wheels. The main wheel lies behind the centre of gravity and has a hydraulically operated disc brake. Checking the tire pressure is hindered by the need for removing the wheel fairing (which many gliding clubs remove permanently to aid regular maintenance and to reduce the risk of trapped grass being ignited by the wheel brake as it dissipates kinetic energy as heat). The tail unit has a rubber skid or a tailwheel.
Flight characteristics.
The thick wing profile gives good low-speed characteristics (nominal stall speed approximately 65 km/h or 35 knots). The flight characteristics are docile; its stall is gentle, with ample vibration warning, and is easily recoverable. The nose does not noticeably drop, but the variometer indicates a high rate of descent and the vibration continues until back pressure is released and stall recovery is initiated.
The glider has little tendency to enter a spin. In order to make spinning possible for training purposes or demonstrations a spin kit is available from the manufacturer. It consists of ballast discs applied to the tail to change the center of gravity according to the weight of the crew. With this device the ASK 21 when slowed to stall speed with rudder input drops one wing and begins to rotate. Recovery is standard, utilizing full opposite rudder, stick easing forward until the rotation stops and then centralizing the rudder and pulling out of the dive.
When entering a side slip, which is not uncommon as an energy management technique, the rudder can aerodynamically over centre, requiring an input from the pilot for the rudder pedals to return to neutral.

</doc>
<doc id="2858161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858161" title="WHQC">
WHQC

WHQC (96.1 FM, "Channel 96-1") is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Shelby, North Carolina. The station is owned by Clear Channel Communications and the broadcast license is held by Clear Channel Broadcasting Licenses, Inc. WHQC broadcasts a Top 40 (CHR) format branded as "Channel 96-1" to the greater Charlotte, North Carolina, area. Its transmitter is located in Dallas, North Carolina, and its studios are located on Woodridge Center Drive in South Charlotte.
History.
The station, established in 1948, was originally known as WOHS-FM, which complemented its AM sister station WOHS out of Shelby, North Carolina. In 1978, the station increased its signal power to cover the far western portion of Charlotte and expanded its coverage as WXIK, adopting a top 40 format as "K-96" that was heavy on "deep cut" rock hits. Air staff at WXIK included longtime PD/MD Jeffrey Owens, longtime Shelby personality Andy Foster, Vince Goolio, J.Worthington Smith, Eddie Bridges, Dawne Conrad, Don Richards, Rusty Price, Kent Dorsey, Scott Miller, Jeff Champion, and Bob Davis. In 1987, the station boosted its signal again to cover the entire Charlotte area, and adopted a gold-based adult contemporary format for a time. A new set of call letters, WWMG, were adopted at that time as well, along with the name "Magic 96". Later in the 1980s, the station went with an oldies format. 
As WWMG, the station was Charlotte's radio home of the North Carolina Tar Heels from 1991 to 1995.
Even though the oldies format remained successful for nearly two decades, its later years deemed less successful. In 2004, the station made headlines when the oldies format was dropped for its current format. The WIBT calls were chosen shortly afterwards, even though it initially created confusion between it and legendary Charlotte station WBT, which also has a spot on the FM dial as well.
Despite the controversy that ensued, WIBT would become a success story when it went to #1 in the Fall 2004 Arbitrons. As a Rhythmic Top 40 formatted station, WIBT was in competition with long-time Urban heritage station WPEG "Power 98" and Pop station WNKS "Kiss 95.1". Although its music tended to favor hip hop, WIBT played pop and dance crossovers that were hits. In early September 2010, 96.1 The Beat segued into a mainstream contemporary hit radio format, going head-to-head with WNKS with the positioner "All The Hits." On December 10, 2010, after the station saw its ratings slip from 5.8 in Arbitron's September PPM to a 4.1 in November's PPM, WIBT finally dropped the "96-1 The Beat" moniker for "Channel 96-1", retaining the "All The Hits" positioner. On August 31, 2011, WIBT changed their call letters to WHQC.
In the fall of 2011, WHQC launched a new children's radio station called "Disney Channel 96.1" on its HD-2 subchannel, playing today's Disney Channel hits from artists like China Anne McClain, Bella Thorne and Zendaya, Aileen Quinn, Demi Lovato and more.
Christopher "Brotha Fred" Frederick's last night co-hosting "Fox News Edge" on WCCB was December 16, 2010. The next day, WIBT announced that Frederick, the station's morning co-host since June 2006, would begin originating the show from Chicago on January 3, 2011. Joining Frederick would be David L, who was already part of the WIBT show, and Angi Taylor of Chicago. Frederick's "AM Mayhem" would also be heard on Chicago's WKSC-FM as well as WMKS in Greensboro, North Carolina and WKXJ in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
On December 16, 2011, it was announced that longtime Charlotte morning radio hosts Ace & TJ would be replacing Fred. Ace & TJ signed on to WHQC on January 5, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2858165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858165" title="Domdaniel">
Domdaniel

Domdaniel is a fictional cavernous hall at the bottom of the ocean where evil magicians, spirits, and gnomes meet. It was first mentioned in the continued story of the Arabian Nights by Dom Chaves and Cazotte (1788-1793). It was described as being located in the sea near Tunis. In this hall, the ruler Zatanai held his court, which included the magician Maugraby and his students.
Robert Southey later used Domdaniel in his multi-volume oriental poem "Thalaba the Destroyer" (1797). The hero of Southey's story, Thalaba, is the last surviving member of a race called the Hodeirah. It had been prophesied that the spirits of the Domdaniel were destined to be destroyed by one of the Hodeirah, so they sought the end of that race.
One of the magicians named by Southey as dwelling in Domdaniel was Adbaldar. He was selected by lot to hunt down Thal'aba and slay him. But the youth Thalaba accomplishes the destruction of the magicians in the final volume of the poem despite their efforts to kill him and his surviving family.
in T.H White's book The Sword in the Stone Merlin, before his famous duel of magic with the witch Madam Mim, says "Now we shall see how a double first at Dom-Daniel avails against the private tuition of my master Bleise".
H. P. Lovecraft used Domdaniel in the short story "He" (1925), as follows: "...heard as with the mind's ear the blasphemous domdaniel of cacophony ..."
Nathaniel Hawthorne used Domdaniel in his romance, The House of the Seven Gables, as follows: "Hepzibah put her hand into her pocket, and presented the urchin, her earliest and staunchest customer, with silver enough to people the Domdaniel cavern of his interior with as various a procession of quadrupeds as passed into the ark." 
Domdaniel is the headquarters of the Spanish Inquisition in Neil Gaiman's graphic novel "Marvel 1602" and includes large underground caverns. Domdaniel secretly served as the headquarters of Grand Inquisitor Enrique and The Brotherhood of those Who Will Inherit the Earth. Gaiman also made reference to Domdaniel in , referring to Auberon, the King of Faerie, as "Auberon of Dom-Daniel".

</doc>
<doc id="2858167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858167" title="Glitter (disambiguation)">
Glitter (disambiguation)

Glitter is a mixture of shiny, flat reflective particles.
Glitter may also refer to:
Media.
Books and comics.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2858180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858180" title="The Soddit">
The Soddit

The Soddit "or Let's Cash in Again" is a 2003 parody of J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Hobbit", written by A.R.R.R. Roberts. The book jacket states: "Following on (inevitably, some might say) from the frankly unlikely success of "Bored of the Rings" comes a new book from an entirely different author that Tolkien's other (and undoubtedly shorter) masterpiece."
The book consists of primarily slapstick-style jokes, with characters of slightly different names from the original ones (for example, Bingo as opposed to Bilbo) and a slightly altered main storyline. As the book progresses, the story departs further and further from the original storyline that it parodies. It is also illustrated in 'Glorius Mono-colour' (again stated on the book jacket) by Douglas Carrel.
Plot summary.
The story starts with a peaceful Soddit called Bingo who is visited by a wizard, Gandef, and a party of dwarfs who ask Bingo to come with them on a quest to 'The Only Mountain' where 'Smug the Dragon' lives. After a few drinks, Bingo accepts, not knowing what they were actually searching for. "Gold, boyo gold, la, look you."
On the way, they have many adventures and close shaves. Roberts says he wanted the company fighting through the Picadilly flea circus and fighting the Daleks from Doctor Who, but he says it was cut for time. They have a nasty run in with some trollps, who plan to eat them, but they annoy the wizard Gandef, who turns them to sandstone as opposed to real stone. In the mountains, they encounter Gobblins, which are evil turkeys, who take them to their town, but the dwarves all fight out and Bingo gets lost. He falls into a cavern where he meets a morose philosopher named Sollum. He challenges him to a game of riddles, seeing his presence in "much the same delight he would greet the arrival of a chicken delight truck." Bingo wins the riddles, and asks what he wins, but then remembers he found a Thing® that was created by evil and is Sollum's. So the philosopher tries to eat him but he escapes due to the Thing®'s super-speed.
Gandef plans to take them to a Mill, which is "famous" but it has been burned when they get there. Then they go to see a fearsome maniac, Biorn the bear-man, who is reputed to change from man to bear at night, but later during the visit they find he is just a totally crazy, naked man. They shut him outside his house to calm him down and then they move on leaving him to mumble. The next bit is the "enchanted" forest of Myurkywood, which has been under an illusion spell for some time. As in the original, the streams are magic, and turn to rapids quick. They meet highly bitter, political spiders in the forest who want to lay eggs in their beards, but Bingo realizes the Thing® can get them out of their peril, which it does. It works by reversed spells. Then, they find a brewery, where the men are morbidly obese and drunk and want to drown them because they can't sing. So, Bingo gets them out.
They get to Lakeside, where they go off to the Mountain, where Bingo asks if the dwarves are going to finally tell him why he's there. Upon hearing that he has to go down a chimney, Bingo falls down it and meets the dragon Smug, who is actually very friendly and even offers him tea. Smug says he hasn't made any enemies and doesn't know of anyone who would kill him. He is worried he has driven away the Lakesiders' business so he says he'll fly over to talk. But the dwarves are angry and tell Bingo that Gandef was a dwarf, he is changed into a wizard, and he'll now change into a dragon because its nature and that's where dragons come from. Smug is shot at Lakeside, and gobblins attack, but the dwarves and men fight them. At the end, the gobblins swarm round them demanding the Thing®, but Bingo tricks them and Gandef's dragon breath kills all gobblins. Gandef is revealed as a dragon and he flies Bingo home.
Standard edition.
343 pages, miniature edition. Published by Gollancz of the Orion Publishing Group, London, England. ISBN 0-575-07554-6.
The story was also produced in Abridged Audiobook form by Orion Audio Books. The product contains three CDs, runs for 4 hours, and is read by Mark Perry. ISBN 0-7528-6165-4.
Parodies.
In 'The Soddit' there is a small message claiming that it is not "The first few minutes of a prologue of "A MAJOR NINE-HOUR EPIC!!!". Also, at the end, it has various fake books being advertised, including 'The Spuddit' which is a parody of 'The Soddit' where the parts are taken by potatoes. However, this is a joke and there is no such book (as yet).
Reception.
Steven H. Silver delivered a favourable review of the book in 2004. He observed that Roberts used Tolkien's own "excesses which readily give themselves to parody". According to Silver, "The Soddit" had not simply become a joke but is a full novel with deep characters and new parts in the plot.

</doc>
<doc id="2858199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858199" title="Nic Robertson">
Nic Robertson

Nic Robertson is a Senior International Correspondent at CNN. Robertson started his career in broadcasting in 1984 within the engineering arm of the UK's Independent Broadcasting Authority. He then worked as an engineer with TV-AM until 1989.
CNN.
Nic Robertson, is an award-winning CNN Senior International Correspondent, whose experience, knowledge and expertise have established his reputation as one of the finest international correspondents in the industry. Based in the London bureau, he travels extensively, covering global terrorism, wars, armed conflicts and a range of other major news events. Since joining CNN he has been on some of the biggest news stories around the world.
Robertson began his career at CNN in 1989, starting as a satellite engineer. He first came to public attention when he stayed in Baghdad with Peter Arnett at the start of the Persian Gulf War in 1991. Later that year, he was moved to Chicago, where he became a producer in CNN's Chicago Bureau. He then became the producer for Christiane Amanpour and was moved to CNN's London bureau, where he later made the jump to newsgathering.
Robertson has worked in war zones around the world, including Afghanistan, Pakistan, the former Yugoslavia and across the Middle East. He was one of the only western journalists in Taliban-held Afghanistan when the terror attacks unfolded in the United States On September 11, 2001, and, was able to report on the Taliban response and the attacks by the Northern Alliance on Kabul live via satellite videophone.
Throughout 2002 and early 2003, Robertson reported from Iraq, during a period of growing tension between Saddam Hussein’s government and the West, remaining in Baghdad during the build-up to Coalition strikes on the city in 2003.
In 2005 CNN sent Robertson to New Orleans to report on the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Robertson was one of the first western journalists to reach Osama Bin Laden’s compound following his killing by US navy Seals in May 2011. In July of the same year he reported from Norway on the massacre committed by Anders Breivik.
Most recently Robertson has been covering the escalating violence in Syria, from both inside and outside the country. He is based in CNN International's bureau in London.
Awards.
Robertson has won numerous awards, including two Overseas Press Club Awards, a Peabody, a duPont, and several Emmy Awards for his work in war zones and disaster areas around the world, including Afghanistan, Bosnia, Kosovo, Rwanda, Somalia, the Darfur region of Sudan, Northern Ireland and both the Gulf War and the Iraq War.
Robertson's CNN report "Syria: Frontline Town – Zabadani" won him both the prestigious 2012 Prix Bayeux TV War Correspondent of the Year award and The New York Festivals 2013 Award for Coverage of a Continuing News Story. Robertson has also received a Foreign Press Association Member Award for the documentary "World’s Untold Stories: Secrets of the Belfast Project", which exposed fresh evidence about the connection between Sinn Féin and the IRA.
In 2001 "People" magazine voted him "Sexiest News Correspondent".
Editorial awards:
Shortlisted:
Technology awards:
Film portrayal.
He was portrayed by the actor Matt Keeslar in the movie "Live from Baghdad".
Personal life.
Robertson is a native of the UK and is married to former CNN correspondent Margaret Lowrie. The couple have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2858230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858230" title="Samuel Morison Brown">
Samuel Morison Brown

Samuel Morison Brown (February, 1817-September 20, 1856), Scottish chemist, poet and essayist. 
Life.
He was born at Haddington, East Lothian, the fourth son of Samuel Brown, the founder of itinerating libraries, and grandson of John Brown, author of the "Self-Interpreting Bible".
In 1832, he entered the university of Edinburgh, where, after studying in Berlin and St. Petersburg, he graduated as MD in 1839. 
About 1840, he was engaged in experiments by which he sought to prove that carbon in certain states of combination is susceptible of conversion into silicon, and his failure to establish this proposition had much to do with his want of success as a candidate for the chair of chemistry at Edinburgh in 1843.
He held the doctrine that the chemical elements are compounds of equal and similar atoms, and might therefore possibly be all derived from one generic atom. In 1850 he published a tragedy, "Galileo Galilei", and two volumes of his "Lectures on the Atomic Theory" and "Essays Scientific and Literary" appeared in 1858, with a preface by his kinsman Dr. John Brown, the author of "Horae Subsecivae".
He was also the author of a tragedy, "Galileo Galilei," 1850, and of "Lay sermons on the Theory of Christianity."
He died at Edinburgh on 20 September 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="2858239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858239" title="Walnut Grove, Langley">
Walnut Grove, Langley

Walnut Grove is a commuter town (approx pop. 23,295) located within the Township of Langley, British Columbia. 
"Walnut Grove" is located at cross roads north of Highway 1. To the north lie the cities of Maple Ridge and Pitt Meadows, connected by the Golden Ears Bridge (Toll). To the south is Langley City and Surrey is on the west. East of Walnut Grove lies the historic community of Fort Langley and other cities such as Abbotsford
Infrastructure.
Community Amenities.
The Walnut Grove Community Centre hosts an olympic sized swimming pool, gymnasiums, meeting rooms, fitness facility, library and skate park.
Fire Hall.
There is full-time fire protection provided by the Township of Langley Fire Hall 8
Policing.
As with other town centres in Langley, policing is provided by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. A community police station is located in a strip mall in Walnut Grove.
Health Care.
There is BC Ambulance Service station in the community with full-time staffed ambulances.
Transportation.
Major roads include the Trans Canada Highway, Golden Ears Bridge, 200 Street and 88th Avenue. Bus Service is provided by Translink.
Businesses.
Walnut Grove is home to many businesses, both independent and chain. There are several shopping plazas and three major grocery stores in the community.
The Trans-Mountain Pipeline runs through the middle of the community underground, transporting crude oil from Alberta to the Coast.
The community is located next to the North Langley Industrial Area - often referred to as Port Kells.

</doc>
<doc id="2858246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858246" title="Reformed Churches of New Zealand">
Reformed Churches of New Zealand

Reformed Churches of New Zealand is a Reformed Christian denomination in New Zealand. The denomination is constituted of 19 member churches, the first seven of which were formed in 1953. Total membership as of 2011 stands at 3,291.
Form of doctrine.
The doctrine of the Reformed Churches of New Zealand is expressed in the four confessions of faith to which it subscribes. These are the Heidelberg Catechism (1563), Belgic Confession (1566), Canons of Dort (1619) (known collectively as the Three Forms of Unity), and the Westminster Confession of Faith. Also recognised are the Apostles' Creed, Nicene Creed and Athanasian Creed, all of which summarise the churches' doctrines.
The Reformed Churches of New Zealand are one of the few Reformed churches internationally to subscribe to both the Three Forms of Unity (common among Reformed churches with origins in the European continent, especially the Netherlands) and the Westminster Confession of Faith (common among Reformed or Presbyterian churches with origins in the British Isles).
Form of governance.
The Reformed Churches of New Zealand hold to the system of Presbyterian church governance. Each church has a ruling Session composed of elders, one of whom is the church’s minister (also known as the "teaching elder"). Churches which have no minister are said to be vacant. Each church also has deacons who are charged with maintaining the temporal well-being of church members and with alleviating social distress. In larger churches deacons meet in their own Deacons’ Courts, while in smaller churches they meet together with the rest of the Session. Only men are eligible to serve in the offices of minister, elder, and deacon.
Churches belong to one of three regional Presbyteries which meet three times per year to discuss matters of common interest and to provide mutual oversight. Churches also meet in Synod once every three years to discuss matters of joint interest and to manage activities pertaining to the denomination. Rights of appeal are available to presbytery and synod.
Ecumenical contacts.
The Reformed Churches of New Zealand is a member of the International Conference of Reformed Churches[http://www.icrconline.com] . Sister-church relationships are held with churches abroad which hold to similar doctrine and practice.
History.
Reformed churches have their origins in the 16th-century Protestant Reformation. In the late 1940s a wave of migrants from the Netherlands settling in New Zealand expected to find their spiritual homes in existing churches of Reformed persuasion. Instead they found departures from Reformed doctrine and practice that they could not overlook. Discussions began in Auckland in 1951 with a view to establishing an indigenous Reformed denomination. A minister from the Netherlands, Rev J W Deenick, arrived in 1952 to support the fledgling group. The official establishment of the Reformed Churches of New Zealand took place in 1953 at a synod in Wellington, with churches from Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch represented. By the end of that year further churches started operations in Bucklands Beach, Hamilton, Nelson and Palmerston North. A further 12 member-churches have since been formed.
Worship.
The churches hold worship services twice each Sunday and generally on Christmas Day, Good Friday, Ascension Day and New Year's Eve. Preaching from the Bible is the central element of worship. Preaching is by ordained ministers, or alternatively sermons written by an ordained minister may be read by a lay male Session appointee when a minister is not available. Sung praise and corporate prayer are the next most significant elements of worship. The Christian Reformed Church in North America's "Psalter Hymnal" is the main source of hymnody, however the compilation and evaluation of a denominational psalter/hymnal is currently in progress. The singing of the Psalms features strongly in the hymnody. Corporate confession of sin and the assurance of God's pardon are an integral part of Sunday morning worship, while in the second service one of the creeds is usually recited in unison.
The sacrament of the Lord's Supper (or Holy Communion) is celebrated at least three-monthly. The sacrament of baptism is administered to new converts and to the infant children of confessing church members.
Latest synodical appointments.
See Acts of Synod 2011

</doc>
<doc id="2858255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858255" title="Daniel Cruz (footballer born 1981)">
Daniel Cruz (footballer born 1981)

Daniel Alberto Cruz Castro (born 3 May 1981 in Cali) is a Belgian football midfielder with Colombian roots, having most recently for Waasland-Beveren.
Career.
Youth career.
Cruz played his early football at the Academia de Fútbol Tucumán in his hometown of Cali. His father, a retired Argentinian professional football player, was his primary coaching influence. In 1998, Cruz was discovered by an AFC Ajax scout while training with the first team at América de Cali. Within two weeks, at 17, the young Colombian had signed with the Dutch club's youth reserve program.
Ajax.
Cruz made his first team debut for Ajax during the 2000/01 season after two years with the club's youth reserve program. That season, he played in eleven matches for the Ajax first team before being sidelined with a knee injury. A head coaching change during his rehabilitation undermined the possibility of Cruz returning to the first team ranks at Ajax. Eventually he was loaned and later sold to Belgian club Germinal Beerschot.
Germinal Beerschot.
Since his move from Ajax in 2002, until the expiration of his final contract with the club in 2011, Daniel Cruz established himself as one of most prolific players in Germinal Beerschot club history. His time there spanned nearly a decade – having made over 250 appearances for the club in all competitions. Cruz was considered a trendsetter in the Belgian Pro League. The South American midfielder was known as a play-maker with charisma and modesty.
In 2005, Cruz captained Germinal Beerschot to a Belgian Cup title.
Lierse SK.
After winning the Belgian Cup in 2005, Cruz shocked fans and the media when he announced that he had signed a contract with rival club Lierse S.K. for the following season. The deal was rumored to be one of the largest contracts in Belgian Pro League history. Financial troubles at Lierse halfway through the 2005–06 season led to the club actually selling Cruz back to Germinal Beerschot after only six months of his three-year deal.
FC Dallas.
On 4 August 2011, it was announced that Cruz had signed with FC Dallas of American Major League Soccer. Daniel scored his first goal for his new club on 14 September 2011, in a 1–1 draw against Tauro FC. The goal was just 0:27 seconds into the match officially making it the quickest strike in FC Dallas club history.
Personal life.
Cruz is the son of retired Argentinian football player José Luis Cruz who played for Club Atlético River Plate and América de Cali. In January 2009, Voetbal Magazine produced a cover story featuring an extensive interview with Daniel Cruz. The article highlighted the Colombian's role at his club, his recent injuries, and his love for Germinal Beerschot.

</doc>
<doc id="2858260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858260" title="The Buck Pets">
The Buck Pets

The Buck Pets were an American alternative rock band formed in the late 1980s in Dallas, Texas. They were clearly influenced by earlier bands such as The Replacements, Buzzcocks and The Jesus and Mary Chain but incorporated better production values and more overt nods to classic rock than their college rock/punk predecessors.
The band seemed to get a degree of support from their record label, Island, for their first two LPs, the hard edged "The Buck Pets", and the more melodic follow up "Mercurotones". On the eve of the release of "Mercurotones", Island was bought by PolyGram- the A&R staff were let go and projects were shelved while the new owners evaluated their new property. Support for The Buck Pets was then almost non-existent.
The band also had opening spots on tour with larger acts such as Neil Young (Ragged Glory Tour) and Jane's Addiction, but in the end, The Buck Pets failed to see commercial success. 
As a coda, The Buck Pets released the more restrained, melancholy album "To the Quick" in 1993 on the independent label Restless.
On April 10, 2010, The Buck Pets reunited for a one night show at the club Trees in the Deep Ellum area of Dallas, Texas and released "RARES (and unreleased)" a collection of rare and previously unreleased material.

</doc>
<doc id="2858264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858264" title="Hamilton Cady">
Hamilton Cady

Hamilton Perkins Cady, (May 2, 1874 - May 26, 1943), was an American chemist who in 1907 in collaboration with David McFarland discovered that helium could be extracted from natural gas.
Early life.
He was born in Skiddy, aka: Camden, Kansas, the son of Perkins Elijah Cady and Ella Falkenbury. After attending Carleton College, Northfield, Minnesota, he enrolled at the University of Kansas, where he graduated in 1897 with an A.B., and in 1903 with a Ph.D. During his senior year he carried out the initial experiments on the conductance of solutions of salts in liquid ammonia, opening up a new and fruitful field of research. This constituted the first step in the development of the ammonia system of compounds, a concept which, owing to the later contributions of Edward C. Franklin and Charles A. Kraus, became an outstanding feature of American chemical achievement.
Following the completion of his undergraduate work he was granted a scholarship and then a fellowship at Cornell University where he spent the years 1897-1899 in research under the direction of Wilder D. Bancroft. In 1899 he returned to the University of Kansas as assistant professor of chemistry and resumed his work with liquid ammonia in collaboration with Franklin, carrying out a thesis consisting of a study of concentration cells in this solvent.
When Franklin was called to Stanford University in 1903 Cady took over his courses in inorganic and physical chemistry at Kansas as associate professor. In 1911 he was advanced to professor and in 1920 was made chairman of the department, continuing until 1942 when he retired with the title of professor emeritus.
Chemistry and teaching.
His most notable work was in the discovery and development of the first industrial source of helium gas. In 1903 he was called on to analyze a natural gas from Dexter, Kansas, which would not burn unless continuously heated. In collaboration with David McFarland he discovered that the gas contained nearly 12% of helium. No helium in natural gas had been discovered prior to that time, although it had been found in 1894 that helium existed on the earth, and might be extracted in small quantities from the atmosphere and from minerals. Cady was a consultant when helium reserves were later found in Texas and Colorado.
In 1917 he was appointed consulting chemist to the U.S. Bureau of Mines upon the inauguration by the Bureau of experiments with regard to helium and during the World War I he did a large amount of analytical and research work, the results of which influenced the designs of the various helium plants which were constructed by the government. He also made valuable research into the limits of the inflammability of helium and hydrogen mixtures and carried out a number of experiments on the permeability of balloon fabric by helium. In 1933 he developed a process for using chimney gases in the manufacture of a refrigerant. In 1936 he developed an ingenious new method for the accurate measurement of gaseous densities by means of a modified Westphal balance. The invention made it possible for the determination of molecular weight of gases with a degree of speed and precision not approached by any other method.
Despite his achievements in research, teaching constituted Cady's real life work. His courses won nation-wide repute, and many of his former students attained eminence in scientific fields. He was co-author with Edgar Henry Summerfield Bailey of "A Laboratory Guide to the Study of Qualitative Analysis" (1901) and author of "The Principles of Inorganic Chemistry" (1912), and "General Chemistry" (1916).
He was a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the American Chemical Society. On June 5, 1900, he married Stella Cornelia Gallup, daughter of George Gallup. They had three children: Ruth Caroline, George Hamilton, and Helen Frances. He died in Lawrence, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="2858269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858269" title="Xanthone">
Xanthone

Xanthone is an organic compound with the molecular formula C13H8O2. It can be prepared by the heating of phenyl salicylate. In 1939, xanthone was introduced as an insecticide and it currently finds uses as ovicide for codling moth eggs and as a larvicide. Xanthone is also used in the preparation of xanthydrol, which is used in the determination of urea levels in the blood.
Xanthone derivatives.
The chemical structure of xanthone forms the central core of a variety of naturally occurring organic compounds, such as mangosteen, which are sometimes collectively referred to as "xanthones" or xanthonoids. Over 200 xanthones have been identified. Xanthones are natural constituents of plants in the families Bonnetiaceae and Clusiaceae and are found in some species in the family Podostemaceae. Many of these xanthones are found in the pericarp of the mangosteen fruit ("Garcinia mangostana"), which can be found in the region of Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="2858271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858271" title="Jeffrey Mace">
Jeffrey Mace

Jeffrey Solomon "Jeff" Mace, also known as the Patriot and Captain America, is a fictional character, a superhero in the Marvel Comics universe, created during the 1940s period which fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books. As the Patriot, he first appeared in "The Human Torch" # 4 (Spring 1941; mis-numbered #3 on cover), published by Marvel's 1940s precursor, Timely Comics.
In 1976, Marvel revealed via retroactive continuity that Mace had become the third Captain America some time after his World War II era adventures.
Publication history.
The superhero the Patriot debuted in "The Human Torch" # 4 (cover-dated Spring 1941; mis-numbered #3 on cover), with both a two-page text story by writer Ray Gill, with a spot illustration by artist Bill Everett, and a 10-page comics story by writer Gill and artist George Mandel. The character went on to appear in the first of two "Human Torch" issues both inadvertently numbered #5, and known to collectors as #5(Summer 1941), in a story by Gill and artist Sid Greene. Concurrently, the Patriot began as regular feature in the superhero anthology "Marvel Mystery Comics", appearing in issues #21-44 (July 1941 - June 1943) and #49 -74 (Nov. 1943 - July 1946), making him one of Timely's most popular characters in the second tier beneath stars Captain America, the Human Torch, and the Sub-Mariner. The Patriot story "Death Stalks the Shipyard", from "Marvel Mystery Comics" #29, was reprinted during the Silver Age of Comic Books in "Marvel Super-Heroes" #16 (Sept. 1968).
A simulacrum of the Patriot was temporarily created from the mind of Rick Jones, along with those of the Blazing Skull, the Fin, and the Golden Age Angel and Vision, to aid the superhero team the Avengers during the Kree-Skrull War.
The Patriot first appeared in modern times in a four-part flashback story running through "The Invaders" #5-6 (March & May 1976) and "Marvel Premiere" #29-30 (April & June 1976), set during World War II which retconned him as a member of a newly created superhero team, the Liberty Legion. That team later appeared alongside Fantastic Four member the Thing in a two-part time travel story, set during World War II, in "Marvel Two-in-One" #20 (Oct. 1976) and "Marvel Two-in-One Annual" (1976).
When Marvel Comics had revived the character Captain America in 1964, the story explained that he had been missing in action and in suspended animation since 1945. This discrepancy with his postwar comic-book appearances was later explained as the result of replacement heroes taking on the mantle. As the third Captain America, Jeffrey Mace would have been behind the mask in "Captain America Comics" #59-75 (Nov. 1946 - Feb. 1950) and other comics during that period. Mace succeeded the second Captain America, William Naslund (formerly the Spirit of '76), who was shown in "What If?" vol. 1, #4 (Aug. 1977) as having been killed in 1946.
Mace appeared briefly in a flashback in "Captain America" #215 (Nov. 1977), then as a guest-star in "Captain America Annual" #6 (1982) with his death depicted in #285 (Sept. 1983). In a flashback, the Patriot co-starred in a World War II adventure with Captain America in "Captain America Annual" #13 (1994) and in a post-war adventure with the All Winners Squad in "All Winners Squad 70th Anniversary Special" (2009).
A retelling of Jeffrey Mace's origin and time as Captain America is told in the 2010 mini-series "Captain America: Patriot". This was collected with the "All Winners Squad 70th Anniversary Special" and "What If?" #4 in 2011. "What If?" #4 was also collected that same year in a "Captain America Legacy" volume collecting the debuts of the Captain America replacements.
Fictional character biography.
Jeffrey Mace was born in Brooklyn, New York. He was a reporter at the "Daily Bugle", who was inspired to become a superhero after seeing Captain America in action. As the Patriot, Mace becomes one of several superheroes who fight Nazi saboteurs and supervillains during World War II, sometimes alongside sidekick Mary Morgan, a.k.a. Miss Patriot. He helps found the superhero team the Liberty Legion, billed as "America's home front heroes" who fight saboteurs, Fifth Columnists and other wartime threats within the United States.
After the war, the Patriot continues to fight crime on a regular basis, eventually helping the All-Winners Squad prevent the assassination of a young Senator John Fitzgerald Kennedy in 1946. The skirmish costs the life of the second Captain America, William Naslund, formerly the Spirit of '76. Mace is recruited to be the third Captain America, retiring in 1949. He marries Betsy Ross, who as the superhero Golden Girl had briefly been the post-war sidekick of his Captain America, and in modern times succumbs to cancer at an old age.

</doc>
<doc id="2858272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858272" title="David Burliuk">
David Burliuk

David Davidovich Burliuk (; ; July 21, 1882 – January 15, 1967) was a Ukrainian Futurist, Neo-Primitivist), book illustrator, publicist, and author associated with Russian Futurism. Burliuk is often described as "the father of Russian Futurism."
Biography.
Early life.
David Burliuk was born in 1882 in Semyrotivka near the village of Riabushky (now Lebedyn District, Sumy Oblast) in the Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire (present-day Ukraine), brother of fellow artist Volodymyr (Wladimir) Burliuk in a family partly descended from Ukrainian Cossacks who held premier positions in the Hetmanate. His mother, Ludmila Mikhnevich, was of ethnic Belarussian descent. Because of his given name of "David," Burliuk was frequently mistaken for being Jewish.
Education, career.
From 1898 to 1904 he studied at the art schools in Kazan and in Odessa, as well as at the Royal Academy in Munich. His exuberant, extroverted character was recognized by Anton Azhbe, his professor at the Munich Academy, who called Burliuk a “wonderful wild steppe horse.” 
The Futurist literary group Hylaea ( ) was initiated in 1910 by David Burlyuk and his brothers at their estate near Kherson, and quickly joined by Vasily Kamensky and Velimir Khlebnikov, with Aleksey Kruchenykh and Vladimir Mayakovsky joining in 1911)
From 1910 he was the member of the group "Jack of Diamonds", and from 1910 to 1911 he attended the Art School in Odessa. After 1911 David concentrated on poetry. From 1911 to 1913 he studied at the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture (MUZHVZ), and that year participated in the group exhibition of the Blaue Reiter in Munich, which also included his brother Wladimir. 
In December 1912 David Burliuk was co-author of the manifesto "A Slap in the Face of Public Taste" with the other members of Hylaea, said to be the start of Russian Futurism, a movement of Russian poets and artists who adopted the principles of Filippo Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto". 
In 1913 he was expelled from the Academy. In the same year D. Burliuk founded the publishing venture of the futuristic writer's group "Hylaea". In 1915 David Burliuk published the book "The Support of the Muses in Spring", with illustrations by Lentulov, and by David and Wladimir Burliuk.
In 1916 his brother Wladimir Burliuk was drafted into military service, and in 1917 was killed in World War I in Saloniki. The next year Burliuk began traveling to the United States, a process that took him through Siberia, Japan, and Canada and wasn't complete until 1922.
In 1925 Burliuk was a co-founder of the Association of Revolutionary Masters of Ukraine (ARMU) with the members Alexander Bogomazov, Vasiliy Yermilov, Vadym Meller, Alexander Khvostenko-Khvostov, and Palmov Victor. In 1927 he participated in an exhibition of the Latest Artistic Trends in the Russian Museum in Leningrad (St. Petersburg), together with Kazimir Malevich, Aleksandr Shevchenko, and Vladimir Tatlin.
David Burliuk was author of autobiographical sketches "My Ancestors, Forty Years: 1890–1930".
Later years.
In 1940, Burliuk petitioned the Soviet government for a request to visit his homeland. In exchange, he offered a sizeable collection of archival material pertaining to his contemporary and friend Vladimir Mayakovsky, which Burliuk offered to donate to the Mayakovsky Museum in addition to over 100 original paintings. Burliuk's requests were denied. He was allowed to visit the Soviet Union only in 1956 and 1965. 
In 1945 an exhibit was mounted at Irving Place Theater in New York City
In 1962 he and his wife traveled to Australia where he held an exhibition at Moreton Galleries, Brisbane. It was his only Australian exhibition. During his stay there David Burliuk painted some sketches and works with Australian views. From 1937 to 1966 Burliuk and his wife, Marussia, published "Color & Rhyme", a periodical primarily concerned with charting Burliuk's activities.
David Burliuk lived in Hampton Bays on Long Island for approximately 20 years until he died on Long Island, New York. His house and studio still remain.
Heritage.
In Russian poetry, Burliuk is regarded as a trailblazer. In 1990, the Russian Academy of Futurist Poetry established the David Burliuk Prize (Otmetina) for experimental poetry awarded annually.

</doc>
<doc id="2858283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858283" title="Mission Mercal">
Mission Mercal

Mission Mercal (officially launched on 24 April 2003) is a Bolivarian Mission established in Venezuela under the government of Hugo Chávez. The Mission involves a state-run company called "Mercados de Alimentos, C.A." (MERCAL), which provides subsidised food and basic goods through a nationwide chain of stores. In 2010 Mercal was reported as having 16,600 outlets, "ranging from street-corner shops to huge warehouse stores," in addition to 6000 soup kitchens. Mercal employs 85,000 workers.
Mission Mercal stores and cooperatives are mostly located in impoverished areas and sell generic-branded foods at discounts as great as 50%. While the company is heavily funded by the government, the goal is to become self-sufficient by replacing food imports with products from local farmers, small businesses, and cooperatives (many of whom have received microcredits from Mercal). This endogenous development is central to Chávez's stated goal of non-capitalistic development from the bottom up.
Recently, customers say that there are a lack of products in Mercal stores and that items available at these stores change constantly. Some customers complained about rationing being enforced at Mercal stores due to the lack of products. 
Origins.
The antecedent operations to Mission Mercal began operations following the economic hardships following the strike/lockout of 2002. Up until that period, Venezuela's food production and distribution systems were primarily managed by large national corporations, a situation homologous to the present reality in Western nations such as the United States or Europe. As most corporations supported the strike/lockout, which was aimed at politically damaging Chávez, most of the food-related corporations joined the protests and ceased their operations. On the 25 April 2003 broadcast of the television show Aló Presidente, Chávez expressed his outrage at Venezuela's lack of food sovereignty and the resultant vulnerability to the agenda of major food corporations, which was manifest in closed supermarkets, growing malnutrition, and food shortages. “This offensive served us a lot because we learned from the imperialism’s attack, from the Venezuelan oligarchy, and from those who were supporting the aggression against Venezuela and who would liked to have defeated us with hunger. learned that we did not have a gram or a grain of anything, of food reserves. Before any natural, political or social disaster, Venezuela did not have then food reserves," Chávez stated.
Afterwards, in the depths of the oil shutdowns and general turmoil of 2002, Mission Mercal's reach expanded rapidly. The Armed Forces were integral in providing logistical support in moving, procuring, warehousing, and distributing food. Military bases and supply depots were used as food supply nodes, while military barracks became storage centers. Chávez acknowledged this by stating that "the army of Venezuela took to the street, gave of themselves and made the task easier with their technology, their human resources, their means of transportation and their installations for storing food.”
With initially only three Mercals (markets) and two warehouses, Mission Mercal (following its permanent and official inauguration in 2003) quickly multiplied to the point where 12,500 Mercalitos (mini-Mercals), 13,392 Mercals, hundreds of cooperatives, 31 Supermercals (mega markets), and 102 vast warehouses comprised a sprawling distribution system serving millions of "barrio" dwellers.
In 2006 some 11.36 million Venezuelans benefited from Mercal food programs on a regular basis. At least 14,208 Mission Mercal food distribution sites were spread throughout Venezuela, and 4,543 metric tons of food distributed each day.
Food and discounts offered.
Victuals offered by Mission Mercal include everything from meat and dairy (including powdered milk and cheese), to fresh produce, preserved foodstuffs, grains and cereals, fruits, vegetable oils, and mineral salts. These goods are offered in Mercal-affiliated establishments at discounts averaging between 25% to 50%.
Shortages.
It has been reported that there are shortages in Mercal stores. Customers who wait in long lines for discounted products say that there were a lack of products in Mercal stores and that items available at the stores change constantly. Some customers complained about rationing being enforced at Mercal stores due to the lack of products. In some cases, protests have occurred due to the shortages in stores.

</doc>
<doc id="2858285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858285" title="Sinéad Morrissey">
Sinéad Morrissey

Sinéad Morrissey (born on 24 April 1972 in Portadown, County Armagh) is an Irish poet. In January 2014 she won the T.S. Eliot Prize for her fifth collection "Parallax".
Life.
Raised in Belfast, she was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, where she took BA and PhD degrees, and won the Patrick Kavanagh Poetry Award in 1990. She has published four collections of poetry: "There Was Fire in Vancouver" (1996), "Between Here and There" (2001), "The State of the Prisons" (2005), and "Through the Square Window" (2009), the second, third and fourth of which were shortlisted for the T. S. Eliot Prize. After periods living in Japan and New Zealand she now lives in Belfast, where she has been writer-in-residence at Queen's University, Belfast and currently lectures.
Her collection, "The State of the Prisons", was shortlisted for the Poetry Now Award in 2006. The same collection won the Michael Hartnett Poetry Prize in 2005. In November 2007, she received a Lannan Foundation Fellowship for "distinctive literary merit and for demonstrating potential for continued outstanding work". Her poem "Through the Square Window" won first prize in the 2007 British National Poetry Competition. Her collection, "Through the Square Window", won the Poetry Now Award for 2010.
In January 2014 Morrissey won the T.S. Eliot Prize for her fifth collection "Parallax". The chair of the judging panel, Ian Duhig, remarked that the collection was 'politically, historically and personally ambitious, expressed in beautifully turned language, her book is as many-angled and any-angled as its title suggests.'

</doc>
<doc id="2858287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858287" title="Mirzadeh Eshghi">
Mirzadeh Eshghi

Mirzadeh Eshghi or Eshqi (), born Sayed Mohammad Reza Kordestani (1893 - July 3, 1924), was a political writer and poet of Iran.
Biography.
He was born in Hamadan, the son of Hajj Sayed Abolghasam Kordestani; he learned French in the Ecole d'Alliance, and moved to Istanbul for a while. He is particularly famous for writing the opera "Rastakhiz Iran" (Resurrected Iran), which was a reflection of his patriotic spirit.
After returning to Iran and spending time with his family in Tehran, he published newspapers in which he fiercely attacked the political system of Iran. He is remembered for writing six plays; his "Noruz nameh" is particularly famous. He also published a paper called "Twentieth Century" and predicted his early death repeatedly.
Death.
Eshghi was murdered by two unknown gunmen in his house in Tehran. He was buried in Ebn-e Babooyeh cemetery in Shahr-e Ray, near Tehran.
Poetry sample.
The poem "one must shit" is one of his fieriest and most famous works where he severely criticizes the political environment of the time in a very harsh language. Here is the first few lines of the poem.
After this, on the homeland and its territory one must shit.
On such parliament and all its glory one must shit.
If the path to justice is really through the doors of these courts,
on such justice and on their walls and doors one must shit.
The one who has sank Iran up to her waste in feces,
in revenge on him up to his waste one must shit.
The father of the Iranian nation if is this fatherless,
on such nation and the soul of its father one must shit.

</doc>
<doc id="2858303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858303" title="Infanta Antónia of Portugal">
Infanta Antónia of Portugal

Infanta Antónia of Portugal (or of Braganza; ; "Antónia María Fernanda Micaela Gabriela Rafaela Francisca de Assis Ana Gonzaga Silvéria Júlia Augusta de Saxe-Coburgo e Bragança"; Lisbon, 17 February 1845 – Sigmaringen, 27 December 1913), was a Portuguese "infanta" (princess) of the House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, daughter of Queen Maria II of Portugal and her King consort Ferdinand II of Portugal. Through her father, she also held the titles of Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Duchess of Saxony.
Life.
Antónia was born in 1845 at the Palace of Belém. She married Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen on 12 September 1861. They had three sons;
Antónia of Braganza died in the German Empire in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="2858330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858330" title="Elene Akhvlediani">
Elene Akhvlediani

Elene Akhvlediani () (1898, Telavi – 1975) was a 20th-century Georgian female painter, graphic artist, and theater decorator. Akhvlediani is famous for her depictions of Georgian towns, for her illustrations for the works of Ilia Chavchavadze and Vazha-Pshavela, and for designing plays in the Marjanishvili Theater in Tbilisi, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="2858339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858339" title="Letohrad">
Letohrad

Letohrad (; until 1950 called "Kyšperk"; ) is a town in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 6,200 inhabitants. The town lies beneath Orlice Mountains, on the river Tichá Orlice.
Villages Červená, Kunčice and Orlice are administrative parts of Letohrad.
History.
Kyšperk.
The first mention in a written document comes from 1308 - during the reign of a weak king the castle "Geiersberg" harbored villain noblemen harassing their neighbourhood. In 1513 Kyšperk was first mentioned as a town. During the last quarter of 17th century the owner of the town Hynek Jetřich Vitanovský from Vlčkovice greatly improved its state: he ordered to rebuild the fortress into a baroque palace, founded a baroque church of St. Wenceslas (this church is beautifully decorated with fabulous plasters (stucco) by the Italian master Giovanni Maderna), handcraftsmen were allowed to establish guilds, and a hospital for poor and old people was founded. The large fire from 1824 burned down 76 houses. In 1874 a railway crossed Kyšperk, starting the growth of industry in the town.
Červená village.
The village was called "Rotnek" until 1950. It is separated from the rest of the town by a cliff called Hrubý kámen with a cross on its top.
Kunčice village.
The village was first mentioned in a written document from 1292. In 1685 a brick church building was founded. It was rebuilt in 1761. Castelet Ovčín was built in 1686. From the second half of 19th century until 1922 a phosphorus matches manufacture existed here. The village became a part of Letohrad in 1950.
Orlice village.
The place was first mentioned in a written document from 1361 (a small fortress existed here) under its original name "Pratum" (in Latin). Since 1406 it has been called Orlice. The village has an old church building which was burned down during the Hussite Wars and for the last time was rebuilt in 1711. Since the end of 19th century several textile factories have been built here.
Letohrad today.
The main source of employment after World War II have been electrotechnical industry and production of construction materials, as well as agriculture. Paneláks were built to provide housing. After the Velvet Revolution in 1989 the historical centre of the town was renovated.
The town tries to attract tourists with cultural festivals, sport events and rich collection of historical sights.
Letohrad has a partner town Hausen am Albis in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="2858343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858343" title="Infante Augusto, Duke of Coimbra">
Infante Augusto, Duke of Coimbra

Infante Augusto, Duke of Coimbra (; ; 4 November 1847 – 26 September 1889) was a Portuguese "infante" (prince) of the House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
"Augusto Maria Miguel Gabriel Rafael Agrícola Francisco de Assis Gonzaga Pedro de Alcântara Loiola of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha and Braganza" was born in Lisbon the fifth son of Queen Maria II of Portugal and her King consort Fernando II. Augusto was created Duke of Coimbra and had the additional title Duke of Saxony through his father. He had the style of His Royal Highness. 
In late 1861, three of his brothers the king Pedro V, Infante João, Duke of Beja and Infante Fernando all fell ill and died. Despite falling ill himself he survived and became heir presumptive to another of his brothers and the new king, Luis I on 27 December 1861 following the death of his brother João. He remained heir until 28 September 1863 and the birth of Infante Carlos the son of king Luis.
Augusto had a career in the Portuguese Army and became general of a division. He died in Lisbon unmarried and without issue in 1889. He is buried at the Royal Pantheon of the Braganza Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="2858346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858346" title="The Hollow Men (band)">
The Hollow Men (band)

The Hollow Men were a British indie band from Leeds, England. The group named itself after the poem by T. S. Eliot. The members were David Ashmoore on vocals, Choque on guitar, Howard Taylor on bass, Brian E Roberts on guitar and Jonny Cragg on drums. Between 1985 and 1994 The Hollow Men released four albums and several singles.
Starting out as a two piece for the first single "Late Flowering Lust", David Ashmoore and Choque (who was previously in Leeds band Salvation) and session bassist John Dean were joined by permanent bassist Howard Taylor for debut album "Tales Of The Riverbank" released on their own Evensong record label.<br> The trio recorded another album "The Man Who Would Be King" again on Evensong before drummer Jonny Cragg, who had guested on the album and guitarist Brian E Roberts, a former band mate of Taylor's when they were in The Passmore Sisters together, joined. 
They signed to Arista Records in 1988 and released their debut single, "White Train", which was a remixed version of the song that originally appeared on the "The Man Who Would Be King" album. In December 1989, the British music magazine, "NME" reported that The Hollow Men, along with others such as Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine and The Charlatans, were their pick as 'stars of tomorrow'. The only album the band recorded for Arista was "Cresta" released in 1990. The band split up in 1991.
The album "Twisted" made up from unreleased, demo and live tracks was released in the US only on November Records in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="2858353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858353" title="Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 1995">
Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 1995

The Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act was a bill introduced in the Congress of the United States in 1995 by Florida Representative Charles T. Canady which prohibited intact dilation and extraction, sometimes referred to as "partial-birth abortion", which the Act described as "an abortion in which the person performing the abortion partially vaginally delivers a living fetus before killing the fetus and completing the delivery". The bill was passed by both houses of Congress, but then vetoed by US President Bill Clinton. The House overrode President Clinton’s 1996 veto, but the Senate was several votes short of the required 2/3rds requirement with a margin of 58 yeas to 40 nays
A similar bill was later passed in 2003 as the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act, signed into law by President George W. Bush.

</doc>
<doc id="2858359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858359" title="Simon Fieldhouse">
Simon Fieldhouse

Simon Fieldhouse (born 25 March 1956) is an artist based in Sydney, Australia. He was educated at Newington College (1963), Barker College, Geelong Grammar School and the University of Sydney where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts.
He studied law and practiced briefly as a solicitor, ceasing in 1988.
He was co-author of "Portraits on Yellow Paper" with former Supreme Court of New South Wales judge Roderick Meagher. His works have been exhibited widely and his paintings used to illustrate the National Trust desk diaries "Historic Architecture of Australia" in 2002 and "Historic Architecture of Australia II" in 2004.
He has produced many paintings depicting historic Australian architecture with whimsical characters. 
In 2006 he was commissioned by the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Sydney to produce 35 portraits of its professors of medicine. This series follows that of Sir Lionel Lindsay, who produced professors' portraits in 1916.
Fieldhouse also has completed a series of paintings of historic architecture of New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="2858362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858362" title="City of Glass">
City of Glass

City of Glass may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2858365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858365" title="Lucien LaCoste">
Lucien LaCoste

Lucien LaCoste (1908 – 1995) was a prominent physicist and meteorologist. He was coinventor of the modern gravimeter, invented the zero-length spring, and vehicle-mounted gravimeters. He was also co-founder of a prominent company selling gravimetric instruments.
LaCoste discovered the zero-length spring in 1932 while performing an assignment in Arnold Romberg's undergraduate physics course. A zero-length spring is a spring supported in such a way that its exerted force is proportional to its length, rather than the distance it is compressed. That is, over at least part of its travel, it does not conform to Hooke's Law of spring compression.
The zero-length spring is extremely important to seismometers and gravimeters because it permits the design of vertical pendulums with (theoretically) infinite periods. In practice, periods of a thousand seconds are possible, a hundredfold increase from other forms of pendulum.
Over a short period starting in 1932, the design of these instruments was revolutionized, obsoleting all previous designs.
During this period, LaCoste and his physics teacher Arnold Romberg invented the first modern seismographs and gravimeters, using steel and quartz (respectively) zero-length springs.
While a graduate student, LaCoste decided to go into business together with Romberg, selling advanced gravimeters to oil-exploration companies.
LaCoste's most famous invention is the ship, and aircraft-mounted gravimeter. These revolutionized exploration for minerals by allowing wide-ranging geological surveys. The chief problem that Lacoste defeated was to distinguish the accelerations of the vehicles from the accelerations due to gravity, and measure the minute changes in gravity. Since the accelerations from the vehicle typically are hundreds to thousands of times more forceful than the measured changes, this invention was considered impossible until LaCoste demonstrated it.
These inventions give no flavor for LaCoste's fun-loving, often puckish character. These anecdotes were related by one of his many friends, C.R. Dawson.

</doc>
<doc id="2858371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858371" title="Spain national basketball team">
Spain national basketball team

The Spanish national basketball team is the basketball team representing Spain in international competitions, organized and run by the Spanish Basketball Federation. ()
Their last major title was in 2011, when they won the European championship. They are second in the FIBA World Rankings for men, only behind the United States.
History.
FIBA EuroBasket.
The first game in the history of the selection was a friendly game before the 1935 EuroBasket, where Spain faced the selection of Portugal. This event, which was held in Geneva in the summer of 1935 was the first EuroBasket game in history. Spain finished 2nd and qualified for the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin where basketball was introduced for the first time.
After this, the team disappeared from the Euro Basket competition for over 20 years and reappeared at the 1959 EuroBasket in Turkey, where it finished 15th. In the following years, the selection slowly but surely worked its way up into the medal ranks again and appeared on the podium six more times between 1959 and 2007.
Then Spain came to host the 2007 EuroBasket which was held in Madrid, Palma de Mallorca, Alicante, Seville and Granada. At this competition the same 12 players that won the 2006 FIBA World Championship in Japan made it through to the final. This increased expectations for the Spanish national team to become the first national team to win the first EuroBasket right after having won the previous FIBA World Championship. However, Spain lost the final against Russia with a tight score of 59–60 through a basket by a Russian player in the last seconds and an error of the Spaniard Pau Gasol, at the last shoot. Spain thus took the silver medal.
Then, at the next EuroBasket, Spain went to win the gold medal in this competition for the first time in its history. In Eurobasket 2011, Spain returned to win the continental title for the second consecutive. Altogether, Spain has won ten EuroBasket medals: two gold, six silver and two bronze. In 2013, however, Spain lost to surprising France in the semifinals, allowing the French team to claim its first title, forcing the Spanish to claim third place against Croatia.
FIBA World Cup.
In the early years of the FIBA World Cup, Spain struggled to establish a steady presence as a competitor. Between 1950 and 1970, the team only qualified once. Then, beginning in 1974 Spain developed into a serious competitor and regularly finished among the tournaments top performers for years to come.
At the 2006 FIBA World Championship, the Spanish team finally achieved the ultimate victory, the greatest success in its history. The date was 3 September 2006, as Spain won the gold medal game against the Greek national team. Held in the Saitama Super Arena in Japan, the game ended with a final score of 70–47. Pau Gasol was named the tournament MVP, and Jorge Garbajosa also made the All-Tournament team. Shortly afterwards, the team were awarded with the 2006 Prince of Asturias Award in Sports.
Summer Olympic Games.
When Spain qualified for the 1936 Summer Olympics, where basketball was part of the games for the first time, expectations were high for the runner-up of the 1935 EuroBasket. Unfortunately, as one of the favorites to win medals, Spain but could not attend the Games because of the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War just days before the start of the Games.
Before the Spanish national team won the gold medal in the 2006 FIBA World Championship (see below), their greatest international success was reaching the final in the 1984 Summer Olympics Basketball Tournament which took place in Los Angeles. The other finalist was the USA national team (led by Patrick Ewing and featuring a young Michael Jordan), which won the final and with it the gold medal. Spain, thus, took the Olympic silver medal.
Continuing the success started at the 2006 FIBA championship, Spain again reached the final at the 2008 Summer Olympics. This proved to be a rematch of the 1984 Olympic final; this time, the USA team was led by Kobe Bryant and nicknamed the "Redeem Team". The Americans won after a remarkably close game 116 to 105. Four years later, in London, USA faced Spain again with a result of 109–100 for the Americans, for the Spanish team to take its third Olympic (and second straight) silver medal.
Media controversy prior to the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.
In August 2008, prior to their competing in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games, the Spanish national men's basketball team were photographed posing in what British media reports described as a 'racist' and 'insensitive' image. The image was requested for an advertising campaign for a courier company and was published in a Spanish national daily sports newspaper.
Other Events.
Besides remarkable success at the "Big Three" events (Summer Olympic Games, FIBA World Cup, and EuroBasket) Spain has also shown success at the Mediterranean Games, where its selection won three gold medals, four silver and one bronze.
Medal record.
The Spanish national team's medal record through the years:
The FIBA EuroBasket:
The FIBA World Cup:
The Summer Olympic Games:
Mediterranean Games:
Past rosters.
1935 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 10 teams
Rafael Martin, Emilio Alonso, Pedro Alonso, Juan Carbonell, Armando Maunier, Fernando Muscat, Cayetano Ortega, Rafael Ruano (Coach: Mariano Manent)
1950 World Championship: finished 9th among 10 teams
Ignacio Pinedo, Arturo Imedio, Jaime Basso, Andres Oller, Alvaro Salvadores, Juan Dalmau, Julio Gamez, Eduardo Kucharski, Angel Gonzalez, Angel Lozano, Domingo Barcenas, Juan Ferrando (Coach: Michael Paul Rutzgis)
1959 EuroBasket: finished 15th among 17 teams
Emiliano Rodriguez, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Joaquin Hernandez, Alfonso Martinez Gomez, Jose Luis Martinez Gomez, Francisco Capel, Jorge Parra, Jose Lluis, Jose Brunet, Juan Canals, Francisco Borrell, Arturo Auladell (Coach: Gabriel Alberti)
1960 Olympic Games: finished 14th among 16 teams
Emiliano Rodriguez, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Agustin Bertomeu, Jose Nora, Alfonso Martinez, Joaquin Ensenat, Santiago Navarro, Jose Lluis, Jorge Guillen, Jesus “Chus” Codina, Miguel Angel Gonzalez, Juan Martos (Coach: Eduardo Kucharski Gonzalez)
1961 EuroBasket: finished 13th among 19 teams
Emiliano Rodriguez, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Manuel “Lolo” Sainz, Carlos Sevillano, Lorenzo Alocen, Jesus “Chus” Codina, Jose Lluis, Alfonso Martinez, Santiago Navarro, Juan Martos, Jose Nora, Javier Sanjuan (Coach: Fernando Font)
1963 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 16 teams
Manuel “Lolo” Sainz, Emiliano Rodriguez, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Jose Ramon Ramos, Carlos Sevillano, Jose Manuel “Moncho” Monsalve, Jesus “Chus” Codina, Alfonso Martinez, Jose Lluis, Juan Antonio Martinez Arroyo, Miguel Angel Gonzalez, Arturo Auladell (Coach: Joaquin Hernandez Gallego)
1965 EuroBasket: finished 11th among 16 teams
Emiliano Rodriguez, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Manuel “Lolo” Sainz, Jose Ramon Ramos, Carlos Sevillano, Jose Manuel “Moncho” Monsalve, Jose Lluis, Enrique Margall, Juan Antonio Martinez Arroyo, Miguel Angel Gonzalez, Juan Fa Busquets, Juan Bautista Urberuaga (Coach: Pedro Ferrandiz Gonzalez)
1967 EuroBasket: finished 10th among 16 teams
Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Emiliano Rodriguez, Jose Ramon Ramos, Jose Manuel “Moncho” Monsalve, Enrique Margall, Jose Luis Sagi-Vela, Antonio “Toncho” Nava, Alfonso Martinez, Ramon Guardiola, Angel Serrano, Carlos Luquero, Jose Laso (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1968 Olympic Games: finished 7th among 16 teams
Clifford Luyk, Emiliano Rodriguez, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Vicente Ramos, Lorenzo Alocen, Enrique Margall, Antonio “Toncho” Nava, Jose Luis Sagi-Vela, Alfonso Martinez, Jesus “Chus” Codina, Juan Antonio Martinez Arroyo, Luis Carlos Santiago Zabaleta (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1969 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 12 teams
Clifford Luyk, Emiliano Rodriguez, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Lorenzo Alocen, Vicente Ramos, Antonio “Toncho” Nava, Enrique Margall, Jose Luis Sagi-Vela, Jesus “Chus” Codina, Cristobal Rodriguez, Alfonso Martinez, Victor Manuel Escorial (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1971 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 12 teams
Wayne Brabender, Clifford Luyk, Emiliano Rodriguez, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Vicente Ramos, Rafael Rullan, Luis Miguel Santillana, Jose Luis Sagi-Vela, Enrique Margall, Cristobal Rodriguez, Juan Martinez, Juan Antonio Martinez Arroyo (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1972 Olympic Games: finished 11th among 16 teams
Juan Antonio Corbalan, Wayne Brabender, Clifford Luyk, Francisco “Nino” Buscato, Vicente Ramos, Rafael Rullan, Luis Miguel Santillana, Enrique Margall, Carmelo Cabrera, Jesus Iradier, Miguel Angel Estrada, Gonzalo Sagi-Vela (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1973 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 12 teams
Clifford Luyk, Wayne Brabender, Francisco ‘Nino’ Buscato, Vicente Ramos, Rafael Rullan, Manuel Flores, Luis Miguel Santillana, Carmelo Cabrera, Jose Luis Sagi-Vela, Gonzalo Sagi-Vela, Miguel Angel Estrada, Enrique Margall (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1974 World Championship: finished 5th among 14 teams
Juan Antonio Corbalan, Wayne Brabender, Clifford Luyk, Vicente Ramos, Manuel Flores, Luis Miguel Santillana, Jose Luis Sagi-Vela, Rafael Rullan, Cristobal Rodriguez, Carmelo Cabrera, Jesus Iradier, Miguel Angel Estrada (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1975 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 12 teams
Wayne Brabender, Juan Antonio Corbalan, Clifford Luyk, Rafael Rullan, Luis Miguel Santillana, Cristobal Rodriguez, Carmelo Cabrera, Manuel Flores, Jesus Iradier, Miguel Angel Estrada, Miguel Angel Lopez Abril, Juan Filba (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1977 EuroBasket: finished 9th among 12 teams
Wayne Brabender, Juan Antonio Corbalan, Luis Miguel Santillana, Rafael Rullan, Manuel Flores, Carmelo Cabrera, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Josep Maria Margall, Gonzalo Sagi-Vela, Luis Maria Prada, Joan Filba, Juan Ramon Fernandez (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1979 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 12 teams
Juan Antonio Corbalan, Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Wayne Brabender, Rafael Rullan, Manuel Flores, Luis Miguel Santillana, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Juan Manuel Lopez Iturriaga, Joaquim Costa, Jose Luis Llorente, Josep Maria Margall, Pedro Cesar Ansa (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1980 Olympic Games: finished 4th among 12 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Juan Antonio Corbalan, Wayne Brabender, Ignacio “Nacho” Solozabal, Candido Antonio “Chicho” Sibilio, Fernando Romay, Manuel Flores, Luis Miguel Santillana, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Juan Manuel Lopez Iturriaga, Jose Luis Llorente, Josep Maria Margall (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1981 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 12 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Juan Antonio Corbalan, Wayne Brabender, Ignacio “Nacho” Solozabal, Candido Antonio “Chicho” Sibilio, Fernando Martin, Fernando Romay, Manuel Flores, Rafael Rullan, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Joaquim Costa, Josep Maria Margall (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1982 World Championship: finished 4th among 13 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Juan Antonio Corbalan, Candido Antonio “Chicho” Sibilio, Wayne Brabender, Ignacio “Nacho” Solozabal, Fernando Martin, Andres Jimenez, Fernando Romay, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Juan Manuel Lopez Iturriaga, Joaquim Costa, Josep Maria Margall (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1983 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 12 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Juan Antonio Corbalan, Fernando Martin, Candido Antonio “Chicho” Sibilio, Ignacio “Nacho” Solozabal, Joan “Chichi” Creus, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Juan Manuel Lopez Iturriaga, Fernando Romay, Josep Maria Margall, Andres Jimenez, Fernando Arcega (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1984 Olympic Games: finished 2nd among 12 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Juan Antonio Corbalan, Fernando Martin, Ignacio “Nacho” Solozabal, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Juan Manuel Lopez Iturriaga, Fernando Romay, Andres Jimenez, Josep Maria Margall, Jose Luis Llorente, Fernando Arcega, Jose Manuel Beiran (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1985 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 12 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Candido Antonio “Chicho” Sibilio, Fernando Martin, Jordi Villacampa, Fernando Romay, Andres Jimenez, Jose Luis Llorente, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Juan Manuel Lopez Iturriaga, Joaquim Costa, Josep Maria Margall, Vicente Gil (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1986 World Championship: finished 5th among 24 teams
Fernando Martin, Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Ignacio “Nacho” Solozabal, Jordi Villacampa, Candido Antonio “Chicho” Sibilio, Joan “Chichi” Creus, Andres Jimenez, Fernando Romay, Juan Domingo de la Cruz, Joaquim Costa, Josep Maria Margall, Fernando Arcega (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1987 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 12 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Jordi Villacampa, Candido Antonio “Chicho” Sibilio, Ignacio “Nacho” Solozabal, Andres Jimenez, Fernando Romay, Ferran Martinez, Josep Maria Margall, Jose Antonio Montero, Francisco Javier Zapata, Fernando Arcega, Jose Angel Arcega (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1988 Olympic Games: finished 8th among 12 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Jordi Villacampa, Ignacio “Nacho” Solozabal, Andres Jimenez, Ferran Martinez, Jose Biriukov, Enrique “Quique” Andreu, Antonio Martin, Josep Maria Margall, Jose Antonio Montero, Jose Luis Llorente, Fernando Arcega (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1989 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 8 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Jose Biriukov, Andres Jimenez, Jose Antonio Montero, Juan Antonio Morales, Ferran Martinez, Pablo Laso, Enrique “Quique” Andreu, Rafael Vecina, Enrique Villalobos, Jose Angel Arcega, Manuel Angel Aller (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1990 World Championship: finished 10th among 16 teams
Jordi Villacampa, Alberto Herreros, Ferran Martinez, Andres Jimenez, Fernando Romay, Rafael Jofresa, Enrique “Quique” Andreu, Jose Antonio Montero, Manel Bosch, Jose Miguel Antunez, Jose Angel Arcega, Francisco Javier Zapata (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1991 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 8 teams
Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Jordi Villacampa, Mike Hansen, Josep “Pep” Cargol, Rafael Jofresa, Enrique “Quique” Andreu, Manel Bosch, Antonio Martin, Juan Antonio Orenga, Jose Miguel Antunez, Fernando Arcega, Silvano Bustos (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1992 Olympic Games: finished 9th among 12 teams
Jordi Villacampa, Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Andres Jimenez, Alberto Herreros, Rafael Jofresa, Jose Biriukov, Javier “Xavi” Fernandez, Juan Antonio Orenga, Enrique “Quique” Andreu, Tomas Jofresa, Santiago Aldama, Jose Angel Arcega (Coach: Antonio Diaz Miguel)
1993 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 16 teams
Jordi Villacampa, Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Alberto Herreros, Ferran Martinez, Andres Jimenez, Rafael Jofresa, Tomas Jofresa, Juan Antonio Orenga, Juan Antonio Morales, Antonio Martin, Ignacio “Nacho” Azofra, Xavier “Xavi” Crespo (Coach: Manuel “Lolo” Sainz)
1994 World Championship: finished 10th among 16 teams
Jordi Villacampa, Juan Antonio San Epifanio “Epi”, Andres Jimenez, Alberto Herreros, Ferran Martinez, Rafael Jofresa, Juan Antonio Orenga, Pablo Laso, Jose Miguel Antunez, Enrique “Quique” Andreu, Josep “Pep” Cargol, Rafael Vecina (Coach: Manuel “Lolo” Sainz)
1995 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 14 teams
Alberto Herreros, Mike Smith, Pablo Laso, Ferran Martinez, Juan Antonio Orenga, Antonio Martin, Ignacio “Nacho” Rodriguez, Jose Luis Galilea, Alberto Angulo, Javier “Xavi” Fernandez, Alfonso Reyes, Francisco Jose “Fran” Murcia (Coach: Manuel “Lolo” Sainz)
1997 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 16 teams
Alberto Herreros, Ferran Martinez, Mike Smith, Rafael Jofresa, Tomas Jofresa, Roberto Dueñas, Juan Antonio Orenga, Roger Esteller, Ignacio “Nacho” Rodriguez, Alfonso Reyes, Jose Antonio Paraiso, Alberto Angulo (Coach: Manuel “Lolo” Sainz)
1998 World Championship: finished 5th among 16 teams
Alberto Herreros, Roberto Dueñas, Juan Antonio Orenga, Ignacio “Nacho” Rodriguez, Carlos Jimenez, Rodrigo de la Fuente, Ignacio “Nacho” Azofra, Alberto Angulo, Alfonso Reyes, Ignacio “Inaki” de Miguel, Jose Antonio Paraiso, Jose Ignacio “Nacho” Rodilla (Coach: Manuel “Lolo” Sainz)
1999 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 16 teams
Alberto Herreros, Carlos Jimenez, Roberto Dueñas, Roger Esteller, Alberto Angulo, Ignacio “Nacho” Rodriguez, Rodrigo de la Fuente, Ignacio “Inaki” de Miguel, Alfonso Reyes, Juan Ignacio Romero, Jose Ignacio “Nacho” Rodilla, Ivan Corrales (Coach: Manuel “Lolo” Sainz)
2000 Olympic Games: finished 9th among 12 teams
Jorge Garbajosa, Johnny Rogers, Alberto Herreros, Raul Lopez, Roberto Dueñas, Juan Carlos Navarro, Carlos Jimenez, Rodrigo de la Fuente, Alfonso Reyes, Alberto Angulo, Ignacio “Nacho” Rodriguez, Ignacio “Inaki” de Miguel (Coach: Manuel “Lolo” Sainz)
2001 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 16 teams
Pau Gasol, Jorge Garbajosa, Juan Carlos Navarro, Charles “Chuck” Kornegay, Raul Lopez, Carlos Jimenez, Ignacio “Nacho” Rodriguez, Felipe Reyes, Alfonso Reyes, Jose Antonio Paraiso, Francisco “Paco” Vazquez, Lucio Angulo (Coach: Javier Imbroda)
2002 World Championship: finished 5th among 16 teams
Pau Gasol, Juan Carlos Navarro, Jorge Garbajosa, Jose Calderon, Carlos Jimenez, Felipe Reyes, Alfonso Reyes, Ignacio “Nacho” Rodriguez, Jose Antonio Paraiso, Carles Marco, Lucio Angulo, Oriol Junyent (Coach: Javier Imbroda)
2003 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 16 teams
Pau Gasol, Juan Carlos Navarro, Jorge Garbajosa, Jose Calderon, Carlos Jimenez, Carles Marco, Felipe Reyes, Rodrigo de la Fuente, Alfonso Reyes, Roger Grimau, Alberto Herreros, Antonio Bueno (Coach: Ramon “Moncho” Lopez)
2004 Olympic Games: finished 7th among 12 teams
Pau Gasol, Juan Carlos Navarro, José Calderon, Jorge Garbajosa, Roberto Dueñas, Carlos Jiménez, Rudy Fernandez, Rodrigo de la Fuente, Felipe Reyes, Iker Iturbe, Jaume Comas, Óscar Yebra (Coach: Mario Pesquera)
2005 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 16 teams
Juan Carlos Navarro, Jorge Garbajosa, Jose Calderón, Rudy Fernández, Carlos Jiménez, Fran Vázquez, Felipe Reyes, Carlos Cabezas, Sergi Vidal, Iker Iturbe, Sergio Rodriguez, Ignacio “Inaki” de Miguel (Coach: Mario Pesquera)
2006 World Championship: finished 1st among 24 teams
Pau Gasol, Juan Carlos Navarro, Jose Calderon, Jorge Garbajosa, Rudy Fernandez, Carlos Jiménez, Carlos Cabezas, Bernardo “Berni” Rodríguez, Felipe Reyes, Marc Gasol, Alex Mumbrú, Sergio Rodríguez (Coach: Jose Vicente “Pepu” Hernández)
2007 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 16 teams
Pau Gasol, Juan Carlos Navarro, Jose Calderón, Rudy Fernández, Jorge Garbajosa, Carlos Jiménez, Carlos Cabezas, Bernardo “Berni” Rodríguez, Felipe Reyes, Marc Gasol, Sergio Rodríguez, Alex Mumbrú (Coach: Jose Vicente “Pepu” Hernández)
2008 Olympic Games: finished 2nd among 12 teams
Pau Gasol, Rudy Fernández, Ricky Rubio, Juan Carlos Navarro, José Calderón, Felipe Reyes, Carlos Jiménez, Raúl López, Berni Rodríguez, Marc Gasol, Alex Mumbrú, Jorge Garbajosa (Coach: Aíto García Reneses)
2009 EuroBasket: finished 1st among 16 teams
Pau Gasol, Rudy Fernández, Juan Carlos Navarro, Ricky Rubio, Felipe Reyes, Marc Gasol, Raúl López, Alex Mumbrú, Jorge Garbajosa, Carlos Cabezas, Víctor Claver, Sergio Llull, (Coach: Sergio Scariolo)
2010 World Championship: finished 6th among 24 teams
Fernando San Emeterio, Rudy Fernández, Ricky Rubio, Juan Carlos Navarro, Raúl López, Felipe Reyes, Víctor Claver, Fran Vázquez, Sergio Llull, Marc Gasol, Álex Mumbrú, Jorge Garbajosa, (Coach: Sergio Scariolo)
2011 EuroBasket: finished 1st among 16 teams
Pau Gasol, Rudy Fernández, Ricky Rubio, Juan Carlos Navarro, José Calderón, Felipe Reyes, Víctor Claver, Fernando San Emeterio, Sergio Llull, Marc Gasol, Serge Ibaka, Víctor Sada, (Coach: Sergio Scariolo)
2012 Olympic Games: finished 2nd among 12 teams
Pau Gasol, Rudy Fernández, Sergio Rodríguez, Juan Carlos Navarro, José Calderón, Felipe Reyes, Víctor Claver, Fernando San Emeterio, Sergio Llull, Marc Gasol, Serge Ibaka, Víctor Sada, (Coach: Sergio Scariolo)

</doc>
<doc id="2858377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858377" title="City of Glass (film)">
City of Glass (film)

City of Glass (玻璃之城; "Boli zhi cheng") is a 1998 Hong Kong film, directed by Mabel Cheung.
Summary.
On New Year's Day 1997, a car accident in London, England claims the lives of Raphael (Lai) and Vivian (Shu). The couple was once young lovers during their days at the University of Hong Kong in the 1970s, but had drifted apart and eventually ended up marrying other people and raising their own families. However, they reunited in the 1990s and their love partially rekindled. After their funeral, Raphael's son David and Vivian's daughter Suzie learned of their parents' affair and embark on a journey to discover their secret lives. In the end, the two fall in love.

</doc>
<doc id="2858390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858390" title="William Gehrlein">
William Gehrlein

William V. Gehrlein (born 1946) is a notable researcher in the areas of social choice theory, decision theory and graph theory. He received his B.S. in Physics from Gannon College in Erie, Pennsylvania in 1968, his M.S. in Physics from Pennsylvania State University in 1972, and his Ph.D. in Business Administration from Pennsylvania State University in 1975. His teaching interests are operations management and operations research. He is currently professor of business administration at the University of Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="2858394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858394" title="Margaret Lowrie">
Margaret Lowrie

Margaret Lowrie Robertson was an International Correspondent at CNN from 1989 to 2002. She joined the network in September 1989 and contributed extensively to coverage of the Gulf War from Baghdad, one of the first female TV news reporters to broadcast live from Iraq during the conflict. She was made an international correspondent in 1993 and was based in London for nearly a decade. From 1985-1988, she worked for CBS News in Cairo. Before that, she worked as a freelance radio correspondent for CBS in Beirut and National Public Radio in Poland during the Solidarity era. She began her career as a copy-person at the New York Times in 1978 and was a news assistant in the Times' United Nations Bureau from 1979-82. Raised in Charlottesville, VA, Lowrie is a graduate of Boston University. She is married to CNN Senior International correspondent Nic Robertson.
Her novel, "Season of Betrayal", set in Beirut 1983, was first published in hardback by Tatra Press in October 2006 and was released by Harcourt as a Harvest trade paperback in October 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="2858398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858398" title="Irish Road Haulage Association">
Irish Road Haulage Association

The Irish Road Haulage Association (IRHA) was founded in 1973 with the purpose of representing and promoting the interests of the licensed transport industry in Ireland and also abroad.
The Association is run by a Council and Management Committee, equivalent to a board of directors, and chaired by the President. It is structured to ensure the views and needs of members in every part of the country are considered on an equal one-member one-vote basis. There are nine regional branch levels, each branch meeting regularly to discuss matters at a local and national level. The established branches are: Dublin, Cork, Kerry, Midlands, Midwest, Western, North East, North West and South East.
The IRHA is a non-profit organisation and is funded via both members' subscriptions and a variety of sponsorship arrangements.

</doc>
<doc id="2858399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858399" title="Amanullah Jahanbani">
Amanullah Jahanbani

Sepahbod (Lieutenant General) Amanollah Jahanbani (1895–1974) () was a member of the Qajar dynasty and a senior general of Reza Shah Pahlavi.
Early life and education.
Jahanbani was born in 1895. He was the great grandson of Fath Ali Shah. At the age of 10, Jahānbāni was sent to St. Petersburg for schooling, and returned to Iran as a ranked military officer in World War I.
Career.
During a second trip, after completing his studies in Europe, Jahanbani became major general in the Armed Forces. He was appointed the chief of the staff with the rank of brigadier general at the beginning of the 1920s. In 1928, he led the army in Balochistan attack to control the resistance. His path of success continued until 1938, when he fell out of favor and was suddenly thrown into the Qasr prison by Reza Shah Pahlavi. However, in 1941 he was interior minister.
With Reza Shah's abdication during World War II, his political life saw some luck again and he was appointed to the Senate during the era of Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi where he served during five consecutive periods.
Personal life and death.
Jahanbani married twice. He had nine children. His first wife, Helen Kasminsky, bore him four children; Nader, Parviz, Khosrow, and Mehr Moneer. Nader became the deputy head of the Imperial Iranian Air Force, Parviz was an officer in the Imperial Iranian Marines, and Khosrow is the second husband of Princess Shahnaz Pahlavi. Amanullah is the father-in-law of Captain Nasrollah Amanpour, the father of CNN journalist Christiane Amanpour.
Jahanbani died at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="2858406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858406" title="Charlotte Lady Eagles">
Charlotte Lady Eagles

Charlotte Lady Eagles is an American women’s soccer team, founded in 2003. The team is a member of the United Soccer Leagues W-League, the second tier of women’s soccer in the United States and Canada. The team plays in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference against the Atlanta Silverbacks Women, Dayton Dutch Lions FC, Fredericksburg Impact,
Hampton Roads Piranhas, Northern Virginia Majestics.
The team plays its home games at Charlotte Christian Stadium on the campus of Charlotte Christian School in Charlotte, North Carolina. The club's colors are orange, sky blue and white.
The Lady Eagles are a division of Missionary Athletes International (MAI), an organization committed to sharing the message of Christianity through sports ministry. They are a sister organization of the men's USL-2 franchise Charlotte Eagles, and the men's PDL team Southern California Seahorses.

</doc>
<doc id="2858417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858417" title="Lado Gudiashvili">
Lado Gudiashvili

Lado Gudiashvili () (1896–1980) was a 20th-century Georgian painter. Gudiashvili was born in Tiflis on March 18 (30), 1896 into a family of a railroad employee. He studied in the Tiflis school of sculpture and fine art (1910-1914), where he met the Armenian artist Alexander Bazhbeuk-Melikyan, and later in Ronson's private academy in Paris (1919-1926). For a while, Gudiashvili belonged to a group of Georgian poets called "The Blue Horns" (1914-1918), who were trying to connect organically the Georgian national flavor with the creative structure of French symbolism. In Paris, he was a constant customer of the famous "La Ruche," a colony of painters where he met I. Zuloaga, Amedeo Modigliani, Natalia Goncharova, and Mikhail Larionov. Gudiashvili's work was greatly influenced by Niko Pirosmanashvili.
Filled with the charm of Georgian life, the painter's early works combine dramatic grotesque with the charm of poetic mystery ("Live Fish," 1920, Art Museum of Georgia). Closeness to the traditions of old Caucasian and Persian art was amplified upon his return to Georgia in 1926. Gudiashvili's colors become warmer, and the perception of the world as a theater grew stronger (many of Gudiashvili's paintings were either inspired by operas and balles or serve to depict actresses in costumes). Like his compatriots (Grigol Robakidze, Konstantine Gamsakhurdia), Gudiashvili freely used mythological allegories ("The Walk of Seraphita," 1940), the center of which was a graciously beautiful woman imagined as the mysterious "Goddess of the Earth."
Gudiashvili also worked as a monumentalist, painting anew the Kashveti church in Tbilisi in 1946, for which he was expelled from the Communist Party and fired from the Tbilisi academy of fine arts, where he had been teaching since 1926.
In the voluminous "antifascist cycle" of Indian ink drawings Gudiashvili became a kind of "Georgian Goya": beastlike monsters surrounded the ruins of art and naked "goddesses" conveyed the ideas of the death of culture.
Lado Gudiashvili worked also as a book illustrator, cinema and theater decorator. He died on July 20, 1980 in Tbilisi.

</doc>
<doc id="2858423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858423" title="Elspeth Buchan">
Elspeth Buchan

Elspeth Buchan (1738–1791) was the founder of a Scottish religious sect known as the Buchanites.
Life.
She was the daughter of John Simpson and Margaret Gordon, who kept a wayside inn at Fatmacken, between Banff and Portsoy. 
She was born in 1738. 
In early life she was employed in herding cows, and afterwards entered the house of a relation, by whom she was taught reading and sewing. 
During a visit to Greenock, she made the acquaintance of Robert Buchan, a working potter, whom she married.
They quarrelled and separated, and in 1781 she removed with the children to Glasgow. 
Having heard Hugh White, of the Relief church at Irvine, preach in Glasgow at the April sacrament of 1783, she wrote him a letter expressing her high approval of his sermons, and stating that no preacher she had ever previously listened to had so fully satisfaction her spiritual needs.
The result was that she removed to Irvine to enjoy the privilege of his ministry, and converted both him and his wife to the belief that she was a saint especially endowed and privileged by heaven, White’s final conclusion being that she was the woman mentioned in the Revelation of St. John, while she declared him to he the man child she had brought forth.
On account of his proclamation of these peculiar doctrines, White was deposed from thc ministry by the presbytery. 
In May 1784, the magistrates banished the sect from the burgh, and following the supposed guidance of the star which led the wise men to Bethlehem, they settled on the farm of New Cample, in the parish of Closeburn, Dumfriesshire. 
They were joined here by one of two persons in good positions in life, and their numbers ultimately reached forty-six. 
Mrs. Buchan, whom they named their ‘spiritual mother,’ professed to have the power of conferring the Holy Ghost by breathing, and also laid claim to certain prophetic gifts.
They believed in the millennunn as close at hand, and were persuaded that they would not taste of death, but would be taken up to meet Christ in the air. 
The following account of them by Robert Burns, the poet, may be accepted as strictly accurate : ‘Their tenets are a strange jumble of enthusiastic jargon; among others she pretends to give them the Holy Ghost by breathing on them, which she does with postures and gestures that are scandalously indecent. 
They have likewise a community of goods, and live nearly an idle life, carrying on a great farce of pretended devotion in hams and woods, where they lodge and lie together, and hold likewise a community of women, as it is another of their tenets that they can commit no mortal sin'.
It is affirmed that Robert Burns had an attachment to a young woman, Jean Gardner, who joined the Bnchanites, and that he spent a whole night and day in vainly endeavouring to persuade her to return. 
His song ‘As I was a walking’ was set to an air to which, according to him, the ‘Buchanites had set some of their nonsensical rhymes,’ for the composition of hymns was one of the gifts of Buchan.
In 1785, White issued "Divine Dictionary", written by himself and ‘revised and approven by Elspeth Simpson' 
The death of Mrs. Buchan, in May 1791, dissipated the faith of most of her followers. 
White pretended that she was only in a trance, and had her buried clandestinely, but he afterwards renounced his belief in her promise to retum and conduct them to the New Jerusalem. 
The last survivor of the sect was Andrew Innes, who died in 1848.
Bibliography.
J. Train, "The Buchanites from First to Last" (Edinburgh, 1846).

</doc>
<doc id="2858426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858426" title="Mike Douglass (urban planner)">
Mike Douglass (urban planner)

Mike Douglass is an American urban planner and social scientist noted for his analyses of rural-urban linkages, migration and international economic competition, globalization and the rise of civil society in Asia. He has commenced a 5-year joint appointment as Professor in the Asian Urbanisms Cluster in Asia Research Institute and the Department of Sociology in the National University of Singapore (NUS) since June 2012. 
Prior his coming to NUS, Mike Douglass was the Director of the Globalization Research Center and Professor and former Chair of the Department of Urban and Regional Planning, University of Hawaii. He received a Ph.D. in Urban Planning at UCLA. He previously taught at the Institute of Social Studies in the Hague and at the School of Development Studies, University of East Anglia, UK He has also been a Visiting Professor at Stanford University, UCLA, and Thammasat University. A specialist in urban and regional planning in Asia, he has lived and worked for many years in East and Southeast Asia. He has joined numerous research and planning projects throughout the region and has frequently been a consultant to international agencies and national and local government in Asia in areas related to his interests. 
Publications.
BOOKS & MONOGRAPHS

</doc>
<doc id="2858427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858427" title="Zeta Aquarii">
Zeta Aquarii

Zeta Aquarii (ζ Aquarii, ζ Aqr) is the Bayer designation for a binary, or possibly a triple star system; the central star of the "water jar" asterism in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The combined apparent visual magnitude of this system is 3.65, which is readily visible to the naked eye. Parallax measurements yield a distance estimate of around from Earth.
Etymology.
Zeta Aquarii has the traditional name Sadaltager (or Altager), from the Arabic سعد التاجر "sa‘d al-tājir" "luck of the merchant". In the catalogue of stars in the "Calendarium of Al Achsasi Al Mouakket", this star was designated Achr al Achbiya (أجر ألأجبية - "akhir al ahbiyah"), which was translated into Latin as Postrema Tabernaculorum, meaning "the end of luck of the homes (tents)". This star, along with γ Aqr (Sadachbia), π Aqr (Seat) and η Aqr (Hydria), were al Aḣbiyah (الأخبية), the Tent.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Tomb", refers to an asterism consisting of ζ Aquarii, γ Aquarii, η Aquarii and π Aquarii. Consequently, ζ Aquarii itself is known as (, .)
Properties.
Christian Mayer, director of the Mannheim Observatory, is considered the first to have observed Zeta Aquarii to be double, in 1777. A couple of years later, William Herschel also discovered this duality. The two stars have an orbital period of about 587 years. The semimajor axis is 3.8 arcseconds and they have an orbital eccentricity of 0.40. The orbital plane is inclined by 138.2° to the line of sight.
The brighter component, ζ Aquarii A (also called ζ2 Aquarii), is a yellow-white-hued F-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of +4.42. Its companion, ζ Aquarii B (also called ζ1 Aquarii), is a yellow-white-hued F-type subgiant with an apparent magnitude of +4.51. The fact that their brightness is so similar makes the pair easy to measure and resolve.
ζ Aquarii B is a suspected astrometric binary system with a 25.8 year orbital period and a semimajor axis of 10.8 astronomical units. If this is confirmed, then the smaller companion may be a red dwarf with a classification of M0 V and 40% of the Sun's mass.
Zeta Aquarii is currently a northern hemisphere object. In 2004 it was directly above the celestial equator, and before that it was located south of it.

</doc>
<doc id="2858433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858433" title="Radio from Hell">
Radio from Hell

Radio From Hell is an American radio program broadcast weekday mornings on Salt Lake City, Utah's KXRK 96.3FM, simulcast via a live internet audio stream, and available as an iTunes podcast or downloadable MP3. The show features hosts Kerry Jackson, Bill Allred, and Gina Barberi.
"Radio From Hell" is the longest running radio program in the Salt Lake City area, and has consistently been rated as one of the best programs in the area by media reviews and polls. The show has received praise from outside the Utah region; "Rolling Stone" cited KXRK as one of the top-five rock and roll radio stations in the U.S., and reported that "Radio From Hell" was one of the longest-running local radio programs in the U.S.
History.
The show originated on Ogden's KJQ as "The Fun Pigs", hosted by Jackson and Allred in 1986. It was later retitled to Radio From Hell for being "the radio show for people who feel like hell in the morning". Jackson and Allred were among five out of twenty-five employees who did "not" quit KJQ in December 1991.
Many members of the former KJQ staff founded a new station, KXRK, which premiered in February 1992. The new station featured Bill Allred and Dom Casual in a morning show called "Project X with Dom and Bill"; they were among many ex-KJQ personalities on the initial lineup on KXRK.
Kerry Jackson continued to host a morning show on KJQ, working briefly with several other hosts including Mo Mellady (who lasted less than a month) and Clyde Lewis, becoming KJQ program director in May, 1993. Jackson worked for a time on KZHT before joining KXRK on October 18, 1993, where he replaced Dom Casual in the mornings. Reunited, Jackson and Allred resumed calling their show "Radio From Hell."
On May 20, 1996, Gina Barberi joined the program. Barberi had been hosting a morning show on KUTQ called "Woody and Barberi" with co-host Scott Woodmansee; she had been working as a mid-day DJ at KUTQ before moving to this position. Gina had worked at KJQ in the late 1980s when she was 19 and still a student at the University of Utah.
"Radio From Hell" aired its 5000th episode in August 2008.
It is currently still on the air Monday through Friday 6:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m. (MST)
Basic Format.
"Radio From Hell" (RFH) begins each morning at 5:00 A.M. Mountain Time. During the 5:00 A.M. hour, the previous day's 9:00 A.M - 10:00 A.M. segment of the previous show, interwoven with sound clips from various movies and television series. The live show runs from 6:00 A.M. and ends near 10:00 A.M.
The hosts regularly relate humorous anecdotes about their families, friends, jobs, pets, eating habits, shopping trips, vacations and other experiences. The show incorporates several regular features and guests noted below
"Radio From Hell"'s hosts, especially Jackson and Allred, are known for being socially and politically liberal. They frequently discuss the LDS Church, former Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson, Utah state liquor laws and many other idiosyncrasies of Utah life and culture.
Listeners are called "friends of the program;" every Wednesday, a "best friend of the program" is invited to be in the studio during the show where they are fed breakfast from the Judge Cafe and/or McDonalds. The Lords of Morning Radio have incited a new "Open Door" policy, inviting anyone to go down to the studio and enjoy the live show any day they are doing the RFH show.
Mission statement.
The show's mission statement is occasionally played before the show begins. Allred reads the announcement, with music in the background.
"It is our mission to embrace the idea that our show shall always strive to belittle the stupid and to play an occasional song. We shall also strive to take all of your requests, but to never, under any circumstances, play those requests. It is our mission to offend as many people as we can in the shortest time possible. We shall always remember that no matter how pointless and stupid the things we say are, we shall present them in such a way that they will be lessons that will last a lifetime. We shall strive always to do nothing and to be mean. We shall strive mightily to always be the number one morning show in Salt Lake or, if not that, the number two morning show or, at least somewhere in the top 15 or 20 morning shows. At least once a year we shall go to someone's home and we shall eat really good food and we'll make you wish that you could be there to share it with us. And finally, it is our mission to always remind the listeners that we never lie, and we're always right. So let it be written. So let it be done."
Hosts.
Kerry Jackson.
Kerry Jack Jackson grew up in Salem, Utah. He currently lives in Salt Lake City with his Korean-American wife, Sue. Jackson often references and discusses his love for geek culture including video games, comic books (Marvel Comics, not DC Comics), and science-fiction movies and television series such as "Star Trek" and "Star Wars". One of his favorite video games is the series. His large toy collection consists of Batman, "Star Trek", "Star Wars", and Marvel Comics action figures [http://www.x96.com/12605time/media/kerrycollect.asp]. Kerry regularly plays audio clips from the Cartoon Network's Adult Swim lineup including "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", "Space Ghost Coast to Coast", "Sealab 2021", "Squidbillies", "Saul of the Mole Men", and "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!".
For over a decade has done his own show, "The Geek Show", which is now in podcast form called Geek Show Podcast.
Jackson often recounts his adventurous weekend experiences (usually involving his fondness for mixed drinks), offers humorous pickup lines, and occasionally performs impressions of celebrities including Larry Flynt, Roy Horn, Lou Ferrigno, and Owen Wilson. Kerry has claimed that he has an innate talent for recreating the voices of handicapped celebrities. Kerry also does the voice of the character, "Frank Chryst", a celebrity-reporter who is perpetually grieving over the "horrible, terrible tragedy" of a recently publicized celebrity death.
Jackson also has been candid and jocular about his suffering from possibly a combination of personality disorders, such as obsessive compulsive disorder, depression and social anxiety. He says he lies in bed and hears songs or phrases repeat themselves over and over. Mostly these intrusive and repetitive thoughts are Warner Bros. themed. Also in early 2007, Bill was allowed to read an email from a listener that had seen Jackson shopping, who was noticeably irate and wrathful, due to being surrounded by too many people.
Jackson had a bit part in the film "The Singles Ward", but has disavowed his role in the film because he felt it was simply not funny. Despite his best efforts, however, he was offered a part in a proposed sequel. [http://radiofromhell.livejournal.com/161712.html]
Jackson is also responsible for recording, selecting and playing the majority of the sound clips on the show; Allred has described Jackson as the Don Letts of "Radio From Hell" (referencing Lett's role in rock group Big Audio Dynamite).
Kerry attempted to participate in The World Series of Pop Culture. After traveling to California, his team, "Shatner's Midnight Runners" passed the written exam and were allowed to audition for the producers. They were ultimately cut from the contest and sent home with a calendar for their trouble.
Bill Allred.
A native of Ogden, Utah, Allred was born Ralph William Allred. He attended Ben Lomond High School, then graduated from the theater program at Weber State University, and did some graduate work at Penn State University. Allred actually finished all of his coursework at Penn State University, but told his professors that he would mail in his Thesis for his Masters in Theatre art. The rough draft for that thesis is in a briefcase under his bed at this very moment. According to Allred, while at Penn State he was attacked by squirrels and, therefore, no longer cares for the small animals. Bill fell into radio work by accident, starting with an overnight shift. Allred tends to be the most intellectual of the three hosts, reading such magazines as "The Economist", and frequently referring to "tuna salad" as "salad niçoise". He also enjoys biking, camping, hiking, and other outdoor activities.
He currently lives in downtown Salt Lake City with his wife, "Mrs Bill" his son "Little Bill", his daughter "Little Mrs. Bill" and his two cats, G. Gordon Liddy and Rush Limbaugh. Bill is a fan of movies, having gone so far as to say that he would like to be able to see every movie that is released, even the really bad movies. Some of Bill's stories relate to raising his live-in family as well as a family from a previous marriage who still live in Ogden. He is often trying to discover educational outings for his intellectually curious son "Little Bill". One such trip led to a children's library and a tour of a giant colon model. [http://radiofromhell.livejournal.com/9696.html]
Bill has spoken on air about a brother Noel that committed suicide on September 23, 2009. Allred stated on the September 22, 2011 broadcast of the Radio From Hell show, that he has some of his brother ashes in a box in his basement. Also, by coincidence, his wife had a family member that died on the same day.
Bill regularly performs different voices and impressions during his reading of the news. The most popular include his German, Swedish, and Namibian accents. Also popular is his Strom Thurmond-like impression of Utah Legislator Chris Buttars and his bloviating reproduction of former U.S. Congressman Chris Cannon. In the past, Bill frequently appeared as William Shatner in order to wish friends of the program a "Happy Birthday", though appearance of this feature has become rare in recent years. In 2007, Bill performed the voice of Senator Larry Craig, the infamous Senator caught by police in a Minneapolis Airport bathroom stall for sex solicitation.
Allred was an extra in the Robert Altman movie "Nashville". According to Bill, he is in a crowd scene and is distinguishable by his Budweiser shirt and sunglasses. He is also the star of Trent Harris' film "Delightful Water Universe".
Gina Barberi.
Gina Marie Barberi grew up in Roy, Utah, the daughter of famed Utah radio show host Tom Barberi and her frequent foil of a mother, "The Sainted Mary Claire". She was re-married in February 2005 to "Joe". Barberi has three children, "Festus" (a son from her first marriage to "the Pirate"), "Jonesie" and "Mohammad" . Gina frequently expresses her fondness for celebrity news, gossip and rumor. To that end, she receives a "Cosmo" subscription for each Christmas from Allred. However, in May 2007, she stated that she had "seen and read" all the magazine had to offer and no longer desired the subscription. A good deal of Gina's personal life has been made public on the air, such as her experiments with thong underwear, her breast enlargement surgery, her 800 thread count Egyptian cotton sheets, her Hawaiian-based wedding, and her elementary school aged son's penchant for hard rockers AC/DC. She is a picky eater, refusing to eat such common staples as cheese, tomatoes, honey, or seafood due to her dislike of their texture. When ordering a hamburger from either the Crown Burgers or Training Table restaurants, she insists on only having meat and bread. No lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, or condiments. Her husband "Joe" has attempted, largely unsuccessfully, to broaden Gina's culinary horizons. Although, recently, they enacted a rule at the Jones household that there would be no special meals (not in Gina's case of course), but they're hoping to correct Festus and prevent Jonesie from being picky eaters.
Gina possesses several phobias, including wind chimes, shower curtains, sculptures depicting children, mountain lions, the wind, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, and killer bees. (The first two have been explained by Gina's childhood exposure to horror movies.) In order to avoid being assaulted, Gina says she pretends to talk on the phone while walking through a parking lot, and if Joe is not home she will keep her cellular phone under her pillow, and turns on the TV (which cannot be visible from any window or someone might want to steal it) so it sounds as if people are talking if she is home alone.
Though Jackson and Allred will admit to occasionally exaggerating their own traits and behaviors for comedic effect, they insist that Barberi does not do so; her radio persona is not an act.
Richie T..
Richard Thelma Steadman is the "Radio From Hell" show "fresh-faced Mormon Sr. Executive Producer and Grassroots Outreach Coordinator". He is not a host on "Radio From Hell", but he does appear sporadically on the show with anecdotes of his own. He began as an intern for Kerry, Bill and Gina, but he eventually became a paid employee of the station. Richie hosts "The Richie T Experience" on Saturday mornings on X96. Richie is a graduate of Southern Utah University, and was a DJ on the radio station there. He also participated in the SUU show choir Acclamation. Richie is currently attending the University of Utah. During the summer of 2009, Richie attended a few Second City workshops in Chicago. One of the classes attended was actually Clown College, where Richie found his inner clown and gave it the name Davis.
Recurring Features.
Big Boy News and Opinnuendo.
Allred reads the newspaper because he claims that 90% of the listeners won't. He reads news stories from "The Salt Lake Tribune", "Deseret Morning News", "USA Today", and various internet sites. The word, "opinnuendo" is a portmanteau of "opinion" and "innuendo", coined in 2004 due to complaints about the hosts' editorializing. Recently a voice mail only line was introduced as the drunk dial line. After many, many a drunks called in, including Kerry while visiting San Francisco for the weekend, it was changed to the "opinnuendo" line. Even after the change, drunks still called in and left messages, RFH then encouraged non-drunks to call in as well.
Punk's Movie Reviews and Junk Food Update.
On alternating Tuesdays a character named "Punk" calls into the show to review B movies, mostly of the horror genre. Titles have included the elevator based "The Shaft", the medieval "Barbarian", the animated "Li'l Pimp", and the futuristic "Dream Warrior".
Punk gives a summary of the cast list and plot, and then plays a very poor recording of a scene from the movie. Punk rates the movies on a scale of 1 to 4 Prozac pills as well as a handful of supplemental medication like Wellbutrin or Claritin. Punk then recommends junk food to consume while watching the movie, such as flapjacks and syrup, RC Cola, Star Wars breakfast cereal, Ring Pops, candy necklaces, or a Zagnut Bar.
Boner of the Day.
One feature on the show, "Boner of the Day" (formerly "Boners in the News") is referred to as the "feature that won't go away." The term "boner" is now used to mean "a mistake", though the feature originally was called the "morning boner", and featured more sexual innuendo.
The feature presents three current event articles that display "bad, stupid, or funny human behavior". Bill re-titles and reads the three articles. After all three candidates are read, listeners to the program can call, text, or e-mail in their votes. The story which receives the most votes is crowned "Boner of the Day". A local resident and entrepreneur, Dave "The Flower Guy" Matson enters the studio on Friday, towards the end of the show, to choose one of the daily winners as "Boner of the Week", In 2006, an attempt has been made to crown "Boner of the Month", "Boner of the Quarter", and "Boner of the Year" using online web polls. The hosts are not confident that these additional "Boners" will be presented in future years.
The List of Things That Must Go.
Every other Wednesday, "Radio From Hell" presents "Things That Must Go". Each host then presents a list of pet peeves. The list has included Dr. Phil, The Buggles, "Now I Lay Me Down To Sleep", "The Orlando Jones Show", Rachael Ray, fake British accents, and public bathroom stalls without a hook on the door.
Alternating with the hosts' irritations is the "Listeners' List of Things That Must Go", for which listeners are encouraged to send in E-mails detailing the things they feel "must go".
As of 2013 the lists have been combined and are both user and hosts.
Ask a....
Each Thursday during the eight o'clock hour, Radio From Hell invites a different member of the community in for a short interview followed by a question-and-answer segment with listeners. The feature is introduced by the song "Who Are the People in Your Neighborhood" from "Sesame Street". Past guests have included "Ask a Brain Surgeon", "Ask an Escort", "Ask a Hypnotist" and "Ask a Swinger".
Jeff Vice's Movie Reviews.
On Thursday at 9:00am, Jeff Vice, a movie critic for MSN's Parallel Universe visits the studio and presents his reviews of the current movies, more formal versions of which are then available in the paper and online the next day. Jeff will often give alternative ratings and reviews for geeks, i.e., giving "Spider-Man 2" 3½ stars in the paper and 4 stars for geeks. Jeff Vice can also be heard weekly with host Kerry Jackson on the Geek Show Podcast.
Bill Frost.
Bill Frost is the TV columnist for the "Salt Lake City Weekly" newspaper. Monday mornings he enters the studio and informs the hosts and listeners of all the TV shows that are starting, ending, or doing something special.
Neglected News, aka Celebutard News.
The neglected news, Bill's favorite news, consists primarily of celebrity-related news which Gina refers to as "THE NEWS". As of October 2007, Jackson has referred to this segment as the "Celebutard News". Bill, confessing frequently that he despises this feature, reads the news and intentionally mauls the names of celebrities into often unrecognizable forms. For example, Jennifer Aniston becomes "Jamima Amadon", Brad Pitt becomes "Brill Pim", Oprah Winfrey becomes "Orca Winkie", and Justin Timberlake becomes Jumpin Tamberman. Bill is also well known for pronouncing words phonetically which adds extra spark to his reading the otherwise boring news. Bill's new-found love of celebrity has eclipsed his love of sunshine, puppies and his children, although the latter wasn't really a contest.
Hello, Yeah, What?
Laughingly described as a new and innovative segment - the hosts take calls from listeners about any topic. The name for the segment comes from an old movie clip that Kerry plays before every call. This segment was developed out of necessity to fill time one day and is used sporadically for the same reason.
Geek Show.
Every few months, Kerry takes over a 30 minute to hourlong segment of "Radio From Hell" to host his own "Geek Show". This is usually done when Bill and/or Gina have other engagements, or will be out of town. The show features regulars like Jeff Vice, Scott Pierce, Punk, Derek Hunter, Shannon Barnson and other local Geek Friends of the Program. They speak about all things geek: comics, movies, TV, toys, role-playing games, video games, etc. Other more famous guests have included local comic book authors and artists such as Mike Allred. Kerry and co. recently welcomed several attendees from a sci-fi convention being held locally. Their guests included David Prowse of "Star Wars" fame, and Garrett Wang and Chase Masterson from ' and ', respectively. The geeks were particularly excited to interview Chase and listen to music from her CD, "Thrill of the Chase".
In June 2008, Kerry created a longer and exclusively online version of the Geek Show Podcast. The podcast is generally recorded in Kerry's basement on Saturday afternoons, complete with alcoholic beverages. The permanent panel includes Host Kerry Jackson, Film Critic to the World Jeff Vice, Salt Lake Tribune Television Critic Scott Pierce, SLUG Magazine's Film Critic Jimmy Martin, Geek culture expert and Children's Educator Shannon Barnson and game enthusiast Leigh George Kade. In the past, the show also occasionally featured Comic book illustrator Derek Hunter and Marcus, the runner up on the NBC reality show Last Comic Standing and the current Mayor of Comedy. The Geek Show Podcast can also be found on iTunes, and http://www.thegeekshowpodcast.com/
The Painful Circle.
Replacing the discontinued Margaret Ruth Love Psychic segment, every Friday morning the hosts have a rotating cast who, in addition to the hosts, answer questions relating to relationships. Guest hosts rotate between love psychic Margaret Ruth, divorce attorney Wade Taylor, professional life coach Bruce Solomon and Sister Dottie S. Dixon of the Spanish Fork Ward.
Chainsaw Guy.
Each October, usually close to Halloween, Bill Allred portrays the character of "Chainsaw Guy", the guy with the chainsaw and hockey mask at the end of a typical spook alley. Kerry introduces Chainsaw Guy and illuminates the audience as to Chainsaw Guy's credentials as a couple's counselor and sex therapist. Listeners are then invited to call in and ask Chainsaw Guy for advice. Chainsaw guy, who never removes his mask, and consistently carries his chainsaw with him, then proceeds to give advice to the listener. The advice can be somewhat hard to understand due to the mask and the gas-powered tree-trimming implement. When Chainsaw Guy began his career, all he could afford was an Eager Beaver. This saw was replaced by a larger and more powerful Husqvarna, which has since been upgraded to a Pullen. This is one of Gina's favorite segments of the year.
Notable Friends of the Program.
Listeners of the "Radio From Hell" show are referred to as "Friends of the Program". Sometimes this is further categorized as "Gay Friends of the Program", "Incarcerated Friends of the Program", and so forth. There are a few Friends of the Program who have become more than just listeners.
Atropos.
'Atropos' is a friend of the program, as opposed to an employee of the radio station. He wishes to keep his anonymity as he fears his career could be negatively affected by his participation. He lives in Utah County, a notoriously conservative area of the state. After listening to as much of the show as he is able, he authors the show notes and posts them to the LiveJournal page. According to the show, 'Atropos' works at a landfill and listens to the show as he scares away seagulls. The show notes can be found at http://radiofromhell.livejournal.com/
Nancy Grace.
'Nancy Grace' is the moniker used on "Radio From Hell" by noted Salt Lake City defense attorney Edward K. Brass. He frequently calls into the show to provide humorous one-liner comments about the current topic, such as, "I thought Julia Roberts was playing Seabiscuit?". 'Nancy', with a healthy dose of satire, claims to be married to 'Ann Coulter.' 'Nancy' claims to worship the fictional deity, Crom, and often sends the show messages that ostensibly originate from Crom.
Radio From Hell: Songs From the Big Chair.
In December 2006, Radio From Hell produced a CD, "Radio From Hell: Songs From the Big Chair". The title (in reference also to a Tears for Fears album) related to a chair featured on the cover, which is Beaver, Utah, landmark. The CD contained segments suggested by Radio From Hell listeners, and ultimately selected by Richie T.
The CD was part of Radio From Hell's yearly fund-raiser for The Road Home, a non-profit organization which helps the homeless; it was sold for $10.
9/11 Letter.
On the fifth anniversary of the September 11 attacks, Radio From Hell threw a big birthday party for those people who had birthdays on, or around, the attacks. Listeners also requested a re-reading of a letter from listener, "Don", who authored an e-mail to the show on September 12, 2001.
Controversy.
In 2004, an advertising campaign for the show caused rumors that a same-sex marriage proposal was afoot in the area. "Rainbox billboards" featured the likeness of a typical, small-town Christian church in front of a rainbow, with the caption "Alternative Lifestyle? 'Til Death Do Us Part, " during an election season in which Utah voters were faced with the question of passing an anti-gay marriage amendment.
Awards.
"Radio From Hell" has won the Salt Lake City Weekly's reader's-choice award for Best Radio Show at least nine years in a row (2002, 2003, 2004, 2005. 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010).
"Radio From Hell" is the longest running radio morning show in the Salt Lake City, Utah area.
"Radio From Hell" is the highest rated radio show by 18-34 year olds in the Salt Lake City market, according to Arbitron's Summer 2006 report.
In its 2006 summer double issue, Rolling Stone named KXRK ("Radio From Hell"'s host station) as one of the top five rock stations in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="2858451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858451" title="Czechoslovakia national basketball team">
Czechoslovakia national basketball team

The Czechoslovakian national basketball team was the basketball side that represented Czechoslovakia in international competitions. After the Dissolution of Czechoslovakia in 1993, the Czech Republic and Slovakia set up their own national teams.
Eurobasket 1935.
The Czechoslovakian side came in third place at the first European basketball championship, the Eurobasket 1935 held by the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Europe continental federation. They defeated France in the preliminary round to advance to the semifinals. There they lost to Spain, resulting in a playoff for third place with Switzerland which the Czechoslovakians won 25–23.
Eurobasket 1937.
In the Eurobasket 1937 competition, the Czechoslovakians finished seventh of eight teams. Their preliminary group included the powerful French, Polish, and Latvian teams, each of which defeated Czechoslovakia in the preliminary round. The Czechoslovaks then faced Estonia in the classification semifinals, losing again. Their final match was against Egypt in the 7th/8th playoff; since Egypt had withdrawn during preliminary play, Czechoslovakia received their only win by default.
Eurobasket 1946.
Czechoslovakia returned to European competition with Eurobasket 1946. They started off well in a tournament notably lacking the Baltic countries that had dominated the pre-war competitions. Defeating Switzerland and then Belgium, the Czechoslovakian team placed first in the preliminary round group of three. They moved on to the semifinal round, facing the Hungarians. A 42–28 win secured a place in the championship game for Czechoslovakia. In that game, they played the undefeated Italy. After training 18–21 at halftime, Czechoslovakia came back to win the game 34–32 to win their first European championship.
Eurobasket 1947.
Defending champions and tournament hosts Czechoslovakia started off well again at Eurobasket 1947, winning all three of their preliminary round matches and then all three of their semifinal round matches. This put them in their first matchup against the Soviet Union in the championship game. In the first of five championship game matches between the European titans, Czechoslovakia lost 56–37 to finish with a silver medal.
Eurobasket 1951.
Czechoslovakia did not compete at Eurobasket 1949 in Cairo, returning to the European championships at Eurobasket 1951 in Paris. They endured some hardship in the tournament, losing to Belgium in the preliminary round to finish the round 2–1 and second-ranked of the four teams in the pool. This was sufficient to advance to the semifinal round, however. There, they faced the dominant Soviet Union, losing their second game of the tournament and again finishing second of four in the pool with a 2–1 record. This put them in a matchup against the first-ranked team from the opposite pool, hosts France. Czechoslovakia won 59–50, advancing to the final, a rematch against the Soviets.
In what was by far the closest game the Soviets had yet endured in European play, Czechoslovakia managed to bring the game to a 44–44 tie with 1 second remaining to play before fouling Ilmar Kullam and sending him to the free throw line to attempt a free throw. Kullam made the shot, but one of the referees gave an initial signal that he had stepped on the line during the attempt and that therefore the shot did not count. Consultation with another referee eventually resulted in the point being allowed, and Czechoslovakia lost its second championship game to the Soviet Union 45–44.
Eurobasket 1953.
After placing in the top two in each of their last three appearances, the fourth-place finish that Czechoslovakia earned at Eurobasket 1953 in Moscow was somewhat of a disappointment. However, the difference between 2nd and 5th in 1953 was a 4-way tie-breaker, in which the Czechoslovakia squad had gotten the third spot for fourth place overall.
The preliminary round posed little difficulty, with Czechoslovakia winning all three games. The final round, however, saw Czechoslovakia lose close matches to Israel and Yugoslavia, as well as the Soviet squad, on their way to a 4–3 record in the final round. This put Czechoslovakia on an equal footing with Hungary, France national basketball team, and Italy in a tie for second behind the Soviets. Despite Czechoslovakia having beaten Hungary and France, both teams came about above Czechoslovakia in the final standings, while Israel was dropped to fifth place.
Eurobasket 1955.
In Budapest for the Eurobasket 1955 competition, the Czechoslovakia team found itself slaying giants but falling to less vaunted opponents. They had little difficulty in the preliminary round, going 3–0 to advance to the final pool. There, Czechoslovakia defeated powerful Hungary, in Hungary's only loss of the final round on their way to the gold medal, but also gave Yugoslavia the only win the Yugoslavian team would get in the final round as Czechoslovakia fell 52–49 to the eventual 8th-place finishers. A third-round loss to Poland made the round robin look bleak for the Czechoslovakian team, as they were already down to 1–2 and had yet to face the Soviet Union, which had yet to lose a game in 4 tournaments and 31 matches.
Nevertheless, Czechoslovakia defeated the Soviets 81–74 in a surprising match. They then won their next three games, finishing in second place with the silver medal and a 5–2, edging out the Soviets who were also 5–2 after losing to Hungary in their sixth match. Czechoslovakia had managed to defeat both the gold medallists and bronze medallists, meanwhile losing to teams that finished 5th and 8th.
Eurobasket 1957.
Sofia was the location of Czechoslovakia's next European tournament entry, Eurobasket 1957. They had little difficulty in the preliminary round, winning each of their three games by 18 points or more. In the final round, Czechoslovakia met with Bulgaria and Soviet Union in the second and third matches of the 7-game round robin, losing those two to drop to an early 1–2 record. However, none of the other teams in the final round could match the Czechoslovakia squad, and the team finished at 5–2 with a bronze medal behind the Bulgarians and Soviets. Czechoslovak player Jiří Baumruk was named MVP.
Rosters.
1935 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 10 teams
Jiri Ctyroky, Jan Fertek, Josef Franc, Josef Klima, Josef Moc, Frantisek Picek, Vaclav Voves
1936 Olympic Games: finished 11th among 21 teams
Jiri Ctyroky, Josef Klima, Frantisek Picek, Josef MocKarel Kuhn, Ladislav Prokop, Ladislav Trpkos, Hubert Prokop
1937 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 8 teams
Jan Kozak, Josef Klima, Ladislav Prokop, Josef Bartonicek, Ludvik Dvoracek, Silverius Labohy, Zdenek Scholler, Storkan (Coach: Frantisek Marek)
1939 EuroBasket: did not participate
1946 EuroBasket: finished 1st among 10 teams
Ivan Mrazek, Gustav Hermann, Milos Bobocky, Jiri Drvota, Josef Ezr, Jan Hluchy, Josef Krepela, Pavel Nerad, Ladislav Simacek, Frantisek Stibitz, Josef Toms, Ladislav Trpkos, Emil Velensky, Miroslav Vondracek (Coach: Frantisek Hajek)
1947 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 14 teams
Ivan Mrazek, Jiri Drvota, Gustav Hermann, Milos Bobocky, Jan Kozak, Josef Ezr, Karel Belohradsky, Miroslav Dostal, Milan Frana, Vaclav Krasa, Josef Toms, Ladislav Trpkos, Emil Velensky, Miroslav Vondracek (Coach: Josef Fleischlinger)
1948 Olympic Games: finished 7th among 23 teams
Ivan Mrazek, Jan Kozak, Josef Ezr, Jiri Drvota, Karel Belohradsky, Cyril Benacek, Jiri Chlup, Jozef Kalina, Vaclav Krasa, Zoltan Krenicky, Josef Krepela, Jiri Siegel, Josef Toms, Ladislav Trpkos
1949 EuroBasket: did not participate
1950 World Championship: did not participate
1951 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 17 teams
Ivan Mrazek, Miroslav Skerik, Jiri Baumruk, Jaroslav Sip, Zdenek Bobrovsky, Jan Kozak, Zdenek Rylich, Miroslav Baumruk, Zoltan Krenicky, Karel Belohradsky, Miroslav Dostal, Jindrich Kinsky, Jiri Matousek, Milos Nebuchla, Arnost Novak, Karel Sobota, Stanislav Vykydal (Coach: Josef Andrle)
1952 Olympic Games: finished 10th among 23 teams
Ivan Mrazek, Miroslav Skerik, Jiri Baumruk, Jaroslav Sip, Zdenek Bobrovsky, Jan Kozak, Zdenek Rylich, Miroslav Baumruk, Jiri Matousek, Evzen Horniak, Jaroslav Tetiva, Josef Ezr, Lubomir Kolar, Miroslav Kodl
1953 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 17 teams
Ivan Mrazek, Jiri Baumruk, Zdenek Bobrovsky, Jan Kozak, Miroslav Skerik, Zdenek Rylich, Radoslav Sip, Jaroslav Tetiva, Jaroslav Sip, Jindrich Kinsky, Evzen Horniak, Rudolf Stancek, Lubomir Kolar (Coach: Lubomir Dobry)
1954 World Championship: did not participate
1955 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 18 teams
Ivan Mrazek, Jiri Baumruk, Zdenek Bobrovsky, Miroslav Skerik, Jaroslav Sip, Zdenek Rylich, Jaroslav Tetiva, Radoslav Sip, Evzen Horniak, Jan Kozak, Lubomir Kolar, Boris Lukasik, Jiri Matousek, Milan Merkl (Coach: Josef Fleischlinger)
1956 Olympic Games: did not participate
1957 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 16 teams
Jiri Baumruk, Miroslav Skerik, Zdenek Bobrovsky, Jaroslav Sip, Zdenek Rylich, Lubomir Kolar, Boris Lukasik, Jaroslav Chocholac, Milan Merkl, Nikolaj Ordnung, Jaroslav Tetiva, Jiri Tetiva (Coach: Gustav Hermann)
1959 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 17 teams
Jiri Baumruk, Frantisek Konvicka, Bohumil Tomasek, Jaroslav Krivy, Miroslav Skerik, Jaroslav Sip, Boris Lukasik, Dusan Lukasik, Zdenek Rylich, Jiri Stastny, Jaroslav Tetiva, Bohuslav Rylich (Coach: Gustav Hermann)
1959 World Championship: did not participate
1960 Olympic Games: finished 5th among 16 teams
Jiri Baumruk, Frantisek Konvicka, Vladimir Pistelak, Bohumil Tomasek, Zdenek Bobrovsky, Jiri Tetiva, Boris Lukasik, Jiri Stastny, Bohuslav Rylich, Jan Kinsky, Dusan Lukasik, Zdenek Konecny (Coach: Ivan Mrazek)
1961 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 19 teams
Frantisek Konvicka, Vladimir Pistelak, Jiri Baumruk, Zdenek Bobrovsky, Bohumil Tomasek, Bohuslav Rylich, Jaroslav Tetiva, Frantisek Pokorny, Zdenek Konecny, Jiri Marek, Milos Prazak, Vladimir Lodr (Coach: L.Krnac)
1963 EuroBasket: finished 10th among 16 teams
Jiri Zidek Sr., Jan Bobrovsky, Frantisek Konvicka, Vladimir Pistelak, Bohumil Tomasek, Jiri Ruzicka, Robert Mifka, Boris Lukasik, Bohuslav Rylich, Zdenek Konecny, Jaroslav Tetiva, Milos Prazak (Coach: Ivan Mrazek)
1963 World Championship: did not participate
1964 Olympic Games: did not participate
1965 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 16 teams
Jiri Zidek Sr., Frantisek Konvicka, Jan Bobrovsky, Jiri Ruzicka, Vladimir Pistelak, Robert Mifka, Jiri Zednicek, Bohumil Tomasek, Jiri Ammer, Jiri Stastny, Karel Baroch, Zdenek Hummel (Coach: Vladimir Heger)
1967 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 16 teams
Jiri Zidek Sr., Vladimir Pistelak, Frantisek Konvicka, Jan Bobrovsky, Jiri Zednicek, Jiri Ruzicka, Bohumil Tomasek, Jiri Ammer, Robert Mifka, Karel Baroch, Jiri Marek, Celestyn Mrazek (Coach: Vladimir Heger)
1967 World Championship: did not participate
1968 Olympic Games: did not participate
1969 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 12 teams
Jiri Zidek Sr., Jan Bobrovsky, Jiri Zednicek, Frantisek Konvicka, Vladimir Pistelak, Jiri Ammer, Robert Mifka, Jiri Ruzicka, Karel Baroch, Jiri Konopasek, Petr Novicky, Jan Blazek (Coach: Nikolaj Ordnung)
1970 World Championship: finished 6th among 13 teams
Jiri Zidek Sr., Jan Bobrovsky, Robert Mifka, Jiri Ammer, Jiri Zednicek, Jiri Ruzicka, Petr Novicky, Jaroslav Kovar, Jiri Konopasek, Jiri Pospisil, Milan Voracka, Zdenek Dousa (Coach: Nikolaj Ordnung)
1971 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 12 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Jiri Zidek Sr., Zdenek Kos, Jan Bobrovsky, Jiri Zednicek, Robert Mifka, Jiri Ruzicka, Karel Baroch, Petr Novicky, Jiri Konopasek, Jiri Pospisil, Bronislav Sako (Coach: Nikolaj Ordnung)
1972 Olympic Games: finished 8th among 16 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Zdenek Kos, Jiri Zidek Sr., Jiri Zednicek, Jan Bobrovsky, Jiri Ruzicka, Petr Novicky, Jiri Konopasek, Zdenek Dousa, Jiri Pospisil, Jan Blazek, Jiri Balastik (Coach: Vladimir Heger)
1973 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 12 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Jiri Zednicek, Jan Bobrovsky, Zdenek Kos, Jiri Zidek Sr., Petr Novicky, Josef Klima, Jiri Pospisil, Jan Blazek, Vojtech Petr, Jiri Balastik, Gustav Hraska (Coach: Vladimir Heger)
1974 World Championship: finished 10th among 14 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Jan Bobrovsky, Jiri Zednicek, Zdenek Kos, Jiri Zidek Sr., Zdenek Dousa, Vojtech Petr, Jaroslav Skala, Jaroslav Beranek, Pavel Pekarek, Zdenek Hummel, Gustav Hraska (Coach: Vladimir Heger)
1975 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 12 teams
Stanislav Kropilak, Kamil Brabenec, Zdenek Kos, Jiri Pospisil, Jaroslav Skala, Zdenek Dousa, Gustav Hraska, Vlastimil Klimes, Jaroslav Beranek, Jaroslav Kanturek, Josef Necas, Jiri Stauch (Coach: Vladimir Heger)
1976 Olympic Games: finished 6th among 12 teams
Stanislav Kropilak, Kamil Brabenec, Zdenek Kos, Jiri Konopasek, Jiri Pospisil, Vojtech Petr, Zdenek Dousa, Gustav Hraska, Jaroslav Kanturek, Vladimir Ptacek, Justin Sedlak, Vladimir Padrta (Coach: Vladimir Heger)
1977 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 12 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Stanislav Kropilak, Zdenek Kos, Jiri Pospisil, Vlastimil Klimes, Zdenek Dousa, Gustav Hraska, Josef Necas, Vojtech Petr, Jiri Konopasek, Vladimir Ptacek, Pavol Bojanovsky (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1978 World Championship: finished 9th among 14 teams
Stanislav Kropilak, Kamil Brabenec, Zdenek Kos, Jiri Pospisil, Zdenek Dousa, Vojtech Petr, Gustav Hraska, Vlastimil Klimes, Vladimir Ptacek, Vlastimil Havlik, Pavol Bojanovsky, Marian Kotleba (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1979 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 12 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Zdenek Kos, Stanislav Kropilak, Vojtech Petr, Jiri Pospisil, Vlastimil Klimes, Gustav Hraska, Zdenek Dousa, Jaroslav Skala, Vlastimil Havlik, Zdenek Bohm, Peter Rajniak (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1980 Olympic Games: finished 9th among 12 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Stanislav Kropilak, Jaroslav Skala, Zdenek Kos, Jiri Pospisil, Gustav Hraska, Vlastimil Havlik, Pavol Bojanovsky, Vlastimil Klimes, Zdenek Dousa, Dusan Zacek, Peter Rajniak (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1981 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 12 teams
Zdenek Kos, Kamil Brabenec, Stanislav Kropilak, Jaroslav Skala, Vojtech Petr, Gustav Hraska, Vlastimil Klimes, Zdenek Bohm, Vlastimil Havlik, Peter Rajniak, Juraj Zuffa, Justin Sedlak (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1982 World Championship: finished 10th among 13 teams
Stanislav Kropilak, Zdenek Kos, Vojtech Petr, Gustav Hraska, Jaroslav Skala, Vlastimil Havlik, Zdenek Bohm, Vlastimil Klimes, Juraj Zuffa, Peter Rajniak,Vladimir Ptacek, Dusan Zacek (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1983 EuroBasket: finished 10th among 12 teams
Stanislav Kropilak, Jiri Okac, Jaroslav Skala, Vojtech Petr, Gustav Hraska, Zdenek Bohm, Vlastimil Havlik, Juraj Zuffa, Vladimir Ptacek, Peter Rajniak, Blazej Masura, Jiri Jandak (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1984 Olympic Games: did not participate
1985 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 12 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Stanislav Kropilak, Jiri Okac, Zdenek Bohm, Vlastimil Havlik, Jaroslav Skala, Juraj Zuffa, Otto Maticky, Peter Rajniak, Igor Vraniak, Vladimir Vyoral, Leos Krejci (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1986 World Championship: did not participate
1987 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 12 teams
Kamil Brabenec, Stanislav Kropilak, Jiri Okac, Otto Maticky, Vlastimil Havlik, Jaroslav Skala, Juraj Zuffa, Peter Rajniak, Josef Jelinek, Josef Michalko, Leos Krejci, Stefan Svitek (Coach: Pavel Petera)
1988 Olympic Games: did not participate
1989 EuroBasket: did not participate
1990 World Championship: did not participate
1991 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 8 teams
Jiri Okac, Richard Petruska, Vaclav Hruby, Josef Michalko, Leos Krejci, Julius Michalik, Pavel Becka, Jan Svoboda, Vladimir Vyoral, Stefan Svitek, Michal Jezdik, Stanislav Kamenik (Coach: Jan Bobrovsky)

</doc>
<doc id="2858460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858460" title="South Jersey Banshees">
South Jersey Banshees

The South Jersey Banshees were a W-League soccer club based in Winslow Township, New Jersey. They played at Winslow Township High School. The club ceased operations after the 2006 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2858477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858477" title="Campanula pendula">
Campanula pendula

Campanula pendula is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae. It is native to the North Caucasus of Russia. It is known to be very poisonous and will give humans painful rashes if it touches any part of one's skin. If it is ingested, it could give someone stomach ulcers. Therefore, people are recommended to avoid the campanula pendula. 

</doc>
<doc id="2858482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858482" title="Afonso, Duke of Porto">
Afonso, Duke of Porto

Infante D. Afonso, Duke of Oporto (; 31 July 1865, in Palace of Ajuda, Lisbon – 21 February 1920, in Naples, Italy) was a Portuguese Infante of the House of Braganza, the son of King Dom Luis I of Portugal and his wife, Dona Maria Pia of Savoy.
Early life.
Dom Afonso had a military career. In fact, he was a general of some considerable competence in the Portuguese Army, where, previously, he had been the inspector-general of artillery. His exemplary military background allowed him to be chosen to command military forces at Goa, at the end of the nineteenth century, when he was, concurrently, Viceroy of India. His performance in India motivated his nomination to be Constable of Portugal. In the early months of 1890, his engagement to Archduchess Marie Valerie of Austria was publicised, but later she refused to marry him, under the influence of her aunt by marriage, Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria, of the Miguelist branch of the Braganza Dynasty.
When threats on the life of his brother, Carlos, became known to him, he adopted the habit of arming himself with a revolver, night and day, making himself ready to defend his family whenever it might be necessary. He urged his nephew, the Prince Royal, Luís Filipe, to carry a weapon as well.
Dom Afonso was a lady's man, known for his kindness, simplicity, and "bon-vivant" lifestyle. For instance, he liked to act as a fireman with the Ajuda Fire Corps near the Palace of Ajuda, which he patronized as honorary commander-in-chief. He lived at the Palace of Ajuda with the Queen Mother, Maria Pia of Savoy, after King Luis's death. (His brother, the king, Carlos, and, later, his nephew, the king, Manuel II, both lived at the Palace of Necessidades during their reigns.)
Dom Afonso was also a lover of automobile races, and he was responsible for the first motor races in Portugal, where he was one of the first drivers. After the proclamation of the Portuguese First Republic in 1910, Afonso went into exile abroad, first at Gibraltar with his nephew, the deposed king, Manuel II, and afterwards to Italy with his mother, Queen Maria Pia. He lived with her at Turin, and, after her death, he moved to Rome, and, finally, to Naples.
Marriage.
Suffering, like his mother, the dowager Queen Maria Pia of Savoy, from debilitating mental and emotional health after the ferocious 1908 attack on their family, Afonso de Bragança married, in Rome on 26 September 1917, a twice-divorced, and once-widowed, American heiress Nevada Stoody Hayes.
This was a politically significant event, at least to those Portuguese royalists who clung to the hope of a restoration of the House of Braganza: as significant funding for any power grab was urgently needed.
As of 1917, the Portuguese pretender, Manuel II, was living in England with his wife of four years, the Princess Augusta Victoria of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, but they had no children. The royalists were apprehensive about the prospects for a legitimate Braganza heir, and their anxiety redoubled at the news of Afonso's marriage to a commoner, especially one of such a dubious reputation.
In Portugal, morganatic marriage was not recognized. Any legitimate child of Afonso and Nevada could become the lawful heir to the Portuguese throne. Nearly as disturbing was the prospect that both Manuel and Afonso would fail to produce an heir. In this event, the claimant to the Portuguese throne would be a descendent of Miguel I, the absolutist king who, in 1834, lost the Portuguese War of the Two Brothers to the liberal line of constitutional monarchs.
Dom Afonso was the fourth husband of Nevada Stoody Hayes. They were unable to marry religiously in Italy, where the king of Italy, Victor Emmanuel III, like the Pope, chose not to recognize the validity of a previous trial marriage in Rome. She convinced Afonso to marry her again at a Madrid hotel, where a consular officer of the Portuguese Republic performed the civil ceremony, with no family or friends as witnesses. Some believe that the Portuguese consul in Madrid was as cooperative as he was because the Republican government in power at Lisbon was delighted to see one of the last of the Braganzas do such an unpopular thing. A religious marriage ceremony was performed in Madrid on 23 November 1917.
The Prince had previously tried to get the king's approval for his marriage, but he found that his nephew and the rest of the royal family were vehemently opposed to it. After his marriage, his pension was cut by Manuel II, and Dom Afonso, also rejected by his relatives in the Italian royal family, began to live in obscurity and sickness during his final days. He finally died alone, in Naples, on 21 February 1920. Only one Portuguese servant remained with him until the end.
Even though the terms of a morganatic marriage exclude the surviving spouse from inheriting any of the titles or privileges that are the prerogatives of royalty, they do not exclude the survivor from inheriting property. In his will, Dom Afonso left his entire estate to Nevada Stoody Hayes.
After he and Manuel II had both died (1932), his widow demanded that the Portuguese government recognize her rights to a substantial part of the House of Braganza's patrimony. Her husband had named her his sole legal heir in his last will. As the marriage, and the will, was legally disputed in Lisbon, Nevada was briefly arrested shortly after she arrived at Lisbon to claim her inheritance. Eventually, however, she proved a substantial portion of her claim, and she was officially granted the right to remove many objects of art and expensive goods from the Portuguese royal palaces.
The 35-year-old former Duchess of Porto traveled to Portugal from Italy with the body of her late husband, and she arranged for its installation in the Braganza pantheon in the Monastery of São Vicente de Fora in Lisbon.
Name, titles, and honors.
His full name was Dom Afonso Henrique Maria Luís Pedro de Alcântara Carlos Humberto Amadeu Fernando António Miguel Rafael Gabriel Gonzaga Xavier Francisco de Assis João Augusto Júlio Volfando Inácio de Saxe-Coburgo-Gotha e Bragança.
Insofar as titles are concerned, Afonso was, first and foremost, Infante of Portugal. The Infante Afonso was born during the reign of his father, Luis I, and, at birth, he was granted the title, Duke of Porto. He became Prince Royal of Portugal under unfortunate circumstances. His brother, Carlos I, and his nephew, were assassinated in 1908, whereupon Manuel II became king and Afonso was acknowledged as the heir to the throne, a position that takes the title, Prince Royal.
Before becoming Prince Royal, Afonso fulfilled the charges of 51st Viceroy of Portuguese India and 24th Constable of Portugal. He was the 109th and last Governor of Portuguese India to receive the title of viceroy, which is reserved, as a high personal reward for service to Portugal, to aristocracy of the highest standing and royalty only.
He was also Knight Grand Cross of the Portuguese Order of the Immaculate Conception of Vila Viçosa and the Spanish Order of Charles III. He was Knight of the Portuguese Orders of Christ and Aviz, the Italian Order of the Most Holy Annunciation, the Spanish Order of the Golden Fleece, the Swedish Order of the Seraphim, the Prussian Order of the Black Eagle, and the Saxon Order of the Rue Crown.

</doc>
<doc id="2858483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858483" title="GWR 6000 Class 6000 King George V">
GWR 6000 Class 6000 King George V

Great Western Railway (GWR) 6000 Class King George V is a preserved British steam locomotive.
The locomotive was the first of the "King" Class, and was built in June 1927. It was shipped to the United States in August 1927 to feature in the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's centenary celebrations. During the celebrations it was presented with a bell and a plaque, and these are carried to this day. This led to it being affectionately known as "The Bell".
The bell carries the inscription:
After returning from the US it was allocated to Old Oak Common, but was moved to Bristol in 1950. It was subsequently allocated to Old Oak Common again in 1959, to be withdrawn by the Western Region of British Railways in December 1962 after covering .
The locomotive was officially preserved, being restored to main line running order and based at Bulmer's Railway Centre in Hereford and in 1971 became the very first steam engine to break the mainline steam ban that had been in place since 1969. Its restoration to main line service and subsequent operation is often credited with opening the door for the return of steam to the main lines of the UK. After years of running a costly overhaul was declined since King Edward I had been restored for mainline operation. Subsequently King Edward II has been returned to working order after a lengthy restoration reducing any chance of no. 6000 been restored. These have had their original chimneys, cabs and safety valve bonnets cut down to allow running on the modern railway, with its much deeper ballast and consequently reduced clearance under bridges. No. 6000 is now displayed in its original condition with full-height fittings. In 2008 no. 6000 moved from the Swindon 'Steam' Railway Museum, where it had been displayed for several years, to the National Railway Museum in a swap with BR standard class 9F 92220 "Evening Star".

</doc>
<doc id="2858498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858498" title="Alex Thomson (journalist)">
Alex Thomson (journalist)

Alexander James "Alex" Thomson (born 22 December 1960) is a British television journalist and newscaster.
Education.
Thomson was educated at the state comprehensive Cranbourne Secondary School, which has since been renamed Cranbourne Business and Enterprise College, in Basingstoke, Hampshire, followed by University College, Oxford. After graduating from Oxford, Thomson gained a Postgraduate Diploma in Journalism from Cardiff University.
Life and career.
Thomson has worked for the BBC in Northern Ireland. In 1997 he won the "Home News Award" at the Royal Television Society Journalism Awards for his reporting on Bloody Sunday. His current role is as television presenter and chief correspondent for "Channel 4 News", produced by ITN. He has covered fifteen wars as well as other major international conflicts.
In June 2012, Alex Thomson's vehicle, in which he and his "Channel 4 News" colleagues were travelling while covering the Syrian uprising, came under fire with his team his and was forced to take evasive action. According to Thomson, this was the result of a small group from the Free Syrian Army that actively and intentionally attempted to have the team killed on no-man's land by the government forces as a propagandistic stunt against Damascus.
In 2012, Thomson turned his journalistic attention to the events associated with the administration and liquidation of Rangers FC, with Phil Mac Giolla Bhain concentrating on the tax avoidance and corporate governance issues of which Rangers F.C were cleared, as well as criticism of alleged shill journalism in Scotland. Thomson produced a number of "Channel 4 News" reports as well as blog posts on this topic. He contributed the foreword to Phil Mac Giolla Bhain's book "Downfall: How Rangers FC Self Destructed". The reasons as to Thomson's motives to endorse Phil Mac Giolla Bhain are unclear.
In addition to his broadcast journalism, he has written books on India and the Gulf War. 
Personal life.
Thomson's partner is the investigative television reporter Sarah Spiller. They have twin sons and live in Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="2858503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858503" title="Mr. Bubbles">
Mr. Bubbles

Mr. Bubbles is one of several brand names that have been used by an entity variously known as Chemtoy, Tootsietoy, and StromBecKer for its bubble-blowing solution. The company is currently owned by J. Lloyd International and markets under Tootsietoy. J. Lloyd International also owns the rights to the name StromBecKer. It still contains a traditional "magic wand."
The formula of Mr. Bubbles is proprietary and is among those preferred by bubble trick performers such as Sterling Johnson to make up part or all of the mixtures they use. It is also used by Cirque du Soleil.
Mr. Bubbles celebrated its 75th year of operation in 2008 with the release of several new products, such as a classic Mr. Bubbles Figure Bank, which converts to a bank when the solution is gone.

</doc>
<doc id="2858504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858504" title="North Mersey Branch">
North Mersey Branch

The North Mersey Branch (NMB) is a railway line that connected the Liverpool and Bury Railway at Fazakerley Junction with the Gladstone Dock. It was opened in 1867 by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.
Usage.
From 1896 there was a junction to the Liverpool Overhead Railway between North Mersey Branch Junction and Gladstone Dock.
Aintree Racecourse station opened around 1890 as the only station on the line and saw its last service on 31 March 1962. It only operated on race days at Aintree Racecourse. Gladstone Dock station opened on 7 September 1914, when the section of track from North Mersey Branch Junction was electrified, and closed on 7 July 1924. Two more stations on the line opened on 1 June 1906 with the electrification of the line; these closed on 2 April 1951.
Today.
The section of the line between Sefton Junction and North Mersey Branch Junction is still maintained to basic Network Rail operational standards, although has no scheduled passenger services.
Occasional diesel-powered engineering/maintenance trains still use the branch to access the Southport line, without the need to reverse at Sandhills.
For trains to access the branch, a key must first be obtained in advance from the Merseyrail IECC signalling centre which unlocks the gate allowing access to/from the branch line at Aintree.
The line is largely single track and is not electrified.
Future.
Plans to open this section as part of Merseyrail's Northern Line have been put forward in Sefton's transport plan, with the first details to emerge about its possible reopening being published by the media on 28 February 2008. The Crosby Herald newspaper reported that the line could be reopened in conjunction with Liverpool FC's new stadium, to provide additional transport links via the town of Litherland, likely to cost millions.

</doc>
<doc id="2858505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858505" title="Environmental vegetarianism">
Environmental vegetarianism

Environmental vegetarianism is the practice of vegetarianism or veganism based on the indications that animal production, particularly by intensive agriculture, is environmentally unsustainable. The primary environmental concerns with animal products are pollution and the use of resources such as fossil fuels, water, and land.
Environmental impact of meat production.
Industrial monoculture is harvesting large quantities of a single food species, such as maize, or cattle. Monoculture is commonly practiced in industrial agriculture, which is more environmentally damaging than sustainable farming practices such as organic farming, permaculture, arable, pastoral, and rain-fed agriculture.
According to a 2006 Food and Agriculture Organization report, industrialized agriculture contributes on a “massive scale” to climate change, air pollution, land degradation, energy use, deforestation, and biodiversity decline. The FAO report estimates that the livestock (including poultry) sector (which provides draft animal power, leather, wool, milk, eggs, fertilizer, pharmaceuticals, etc., in addition to meat) contributes about 18 percent of global GHG (greenhouse gas) emissions expressed as 100-year CO2 equivalents. This estimate was based on life cycle analysis, including feed production, land use changes, etc., and used GWP (global warming potential) of 23 for methane and 296 for nitrous oxide, to convert emissions of these gases to 100-year CO2 equivalents. Some sources disagree with some of the figures used in arriving at the FAO estimate of 18 percent. For example, the FAO report estimates that 37 percent of global anthropogenic methane emissions are attributable to the livestock sector, and a US NASA summary indicates about 30 percent. Because of the GWP multiplier used, such a difference between estimates will have a large effect on an estimate of GHG CO2 equivalents contributed by the livestock sector. Livestock sources (including enteric fermentation and manure) account for about 3.1 percent of US anthropogenic GHG emissions expressed as CO2 equivalents. This estimate is based on methodologies agreed to by the Conference of Parties of the UN FCCC. Data of a USDA study indicate that about 0.9 percent of energy use in the United States is accounted for by raising food-producing livestock and poultry. In this context, energy use includes energy from fossil, nuclear, hydroelectric, biomass, geothermal, technological solar, and wind sources. The estimated energy use in agricultural production includes embodied energy in purchased inputs.
Another agricultural effect is on land degradation. Much of the world's crops is used to feed animals. With 30 percent of the earth's land devoted to raising livestock, a major cutback is needed to keep up with growing population. A 2010 UN report explained that Western dietary preferences for meat would be unsustainable as the world population rose to the forecasted 9.1 billion by 2050. Demand for meat is expected to double by this date; meat consumption is steadily rising in countries such as China that once followed more sustainable, vegetable-based diets. Cattle are a known cause for soil erosion through trampling of the ground and overgrazing.
The environmental impacts of animal production vary with the method of production. A grazing-based production can limit soil erosion and also allow farmers to control pest problems with less pesticides through rotating crops with grass. In arid areas, however, it may catalyze a desertification process. The ability of soil to absorb water by infiltration is important for minimizing runoff and soil erosion. Researchers in Iowa reported that a soil under perennial pasture grasses grazed by livestock was able to absorb far more water than the same kind of soil under two annual crops: corn and soybeans. Corn and soybean crops commonly provide food for human consumption, biofuels, livestock feed, or some combination of these.
The FAO initiative concluded that "the livestock sector emerges as one of the top two or three most significant contributors to the most serious environmental problems, at every scale from local to global."
Related economic and social considerations.
Environmental vegetarianism can be compared with economic vegetarianism. An economic vegetarian is someone who practices vegetarianism either out of necessity or because of a conscious simple living strategy. Such a person may base this belief on a philosophical viewpoint, such as the belief that the consumption of meat is economically unsound or that vegetarianism will help improve public health and curb starvation.
Environmental vegetarians call for a reduction of first world consumption of meat, especially in the US. According to the United Nations Population Fund "Each U.S. citizen consumes an average of 260 lbs. of meat per year, the world's highest rate. That is about 1.5 times the industrial world average, three times the East Asian average, and 40 times the average in Bangladesh." In addition, "the ecological footprint of an average person in a high-income country is about six times bigger than that of someone in a low-income country, and many more times bigger than in the least-developed countries."
The World Health Organization calls malnutrition "the silent emergency", and says it is a factor in at least half of the 10.4 million child deaths which occur every year.
Some argue that the adoption of an Ovo-lacto vegetarian or entirely plant-based vegan diet is best, but may not be totally necessary, because even modest reductions in meat consumption in industrialized societies would substantially reduce the burden on our natural resources. For developed countries, a CAST report estimates an average of 2.6 pounds of grain feed per pound of beef carcass meat produced. For developing countries, the estimate is 0.3 pounds per pound. (Some very dissimilar figures are sometimes seen; the CAST report discusses common sources of error and discrepancies among such figures.) In 2007, US per capita beef consumption was 62.2 pounds per year, and US per capita meat (red meat plus fish plus poultry) consumption totaled 200.7 pounds (boneless trimmed weight basis).
A 2010 report from the United Nations Environment Program's (UNEP) International Panel of Sustainable Resource Management states that global shift towards a vegan diet is critical for mitigating global issues of hunger, fuel poverty and the worst impacts of climate change. The panel declared: "Impacts from agriculture are expected to increase substantially due to population growth and increasing consumption of animal products. Unlike fossil fuels, it is difficult to look for alternatives: people have to eat. A substantial reduction of impacts would only be possible with a substantial worldwide diet change, away from animal products."
Criticisms.
According to Cornell scientists, "the heavy dependence on fossil energy suggests that the US food system, whether meat-based or plant-based, is not sustainable." but they also mention that: "lactoovovegetarian diet is more sustainable than the average American meat-based diet. " 
Some environmental activists claim that adopting a vegetarian diet may be a way of focusing on personal actions and righteous gestures rather than systemic change. Dave Riley, an Australian environmentalist, states that "being meatless and guiltless seems seductively simple while environmental destruction rages around us," noting that animals can contribute to the food chain.
Bill Mollison has inconsistently argued in his Permaculture Design Course that vegetarianism exacerbates soil erosion. This is because removing a plant from a field removes all the nutrients it obtained from the soil, while removing an animal leaves the field intact. On US farmland, much less soil erosion is associated with pastureland used for livestock grazing than with land used for production of crops. Robert Hart has also developed forest gardening, which has since been adopted as a common permaculture design element, as a sustainable plant-based food production system.

</doc>
<doc id="2858506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858506" title="GWR 4900 Class 4936 Kinlet Hall">
GWR 4900 Class 4936 Kinlet Hall

The Great Western Railway steam locomotive no. 4936 "Kinlet Hall" is a 4-6-0 Hall class locomotive.
Operations.
Built in June 1929 at Swindon Works, it was withdrawn from service with British Railways in 1964 and sold for scrap to Woodham Brothers scrapyard in Barry, South Wales.
Preservation.
In 1981 it was bought by the Kinlet Hall Locomotive Company and moved to Peak Rail at Matlock where restoration work began. It was moved to the Gloucestershire Warwickshire Railway in 1985, followed by the Llangollen Railway in 1992. In 1996 it was moved to Tyseley Locomotive Works for final restoration.
The locomotive returned to operational condition in February 2000, and following certification for main line operation it made several main line trips to various parts of the country, sometimes in company with fellow Tyseley resident 4965 Rood Ashton Hall. It has visited several of its former homes in preservation, returning to Llangollen in June 2001, and to the Gloucestershire Warwickshire Railway, for much of the 2004/2005 operating season.
In 2006 it was fitted with on-train monitoring recorder (OTMR) equipment at Tyseley, and a full retube was undertaken during the first part of 2007. In December 2007 the engine moved to the East Lancs Railway where it performed regularly until March.
The fitting of OTMR has allowed it to provide motive power for various mainline excursions, including Vintage Trains' "Shakespeare Express" and the "Three Choirs Express" excursion, double-heading with 5029 'Nunney Castle'.
After being displayed at the Tyseley Open Day on 25 October 2009, she was dismantled over the winter for a thorough overhaul, which was completed in around 20 months. The engine was on display at the Tyseley Open Days on 25/26 June 2011, and test running on the main line commenced shortly afterwards. The locomotive spent time on the Dartmouth Steam Railway between June and October 2012 hauling regular service trains on the line alongside the DSR's own fleet of locomotives. It then moved to the West Somerset Railway from the Dartmouth Steam Railway in October 2012 via the mainline. It is now currently hauling Railtours in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2858515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858515" title="Switzerland national basketball team">
Switzerland national basketball team

The Swiss national basketball team is the basketball side that represents Switzerland in international competitions. It is governed by the "Fédération Suisse de Basketball". (Swiss Basketball Federation)
Switzerland is one of the founding members of the International Federation of Basketball (FIBA) and has one of the world's longest basketball traditions.
Once a major player at the global stage, the team has declined and is nowadays seen as a minor team. Switzerland entered the EuroBasket five times, having their best result at 4th place in the first edition, in 1935. They also qualified for the Olympic Basketball Tournament twice, in 1936 and 1948, where their best result was 9th, in 1936. Since 1955, Switzerland aims to make the EuroBasket finals once again and has yet to qualify for the Basketball World Championship.
History.
Eurobasket 1935.
The host Swiss side came in 4th place at the first European basketball championship, the Eurobasket 1935 held by the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Europe continental federation. They defeated Romania and Italy in the preliminary round to advance to the semifinals. There they lost to Latvia, resulting in a playoff for third place with Czechoslovakia which the Swiss lost 25-23.
Eurobasket 1946.
Switzerland did not play in the European championship again until the post-war Eurobasket 1946, which they hosted. There, they placed 2nd in the three-team preliminary group after losing to eventual champions Czechoslovakia 20-17 but defeating Belgium 38-33. That preliminary round finish put the Swiss into a 5th/6th place playoff against Netherlands, which Switzerland won 36-25.
Eurobasket 1951.
The next Swiss entry into European championships was the Eurobasket 1951 tournament in Paris. Switzerland finished the preliminary round with a 1-3 record, 4th in their group. They fared little better in the first classification, taking 3rd in the group with a 1-2 record. In the second classification round, the Swiss won the classification 13-16 and 13/14 games to finish in 13th place of 18 teams, with a 4-5 record.
Eurobasket 1953.
Eurobasket 1953 in Moscow was the fourth appearance of the Swiss. The tournament began poorly for the team, as they finished last in their preliminary pool at 0-3. It got somewhat better for them after that, as they took second in their first classification pool with 2 wins and a loss. They dropped their 9-12 semifinal to Belgium, but defeated Finland in the 11/12 final to take 11th of 17 overall.
Eurobasket 1955.
Switzerland competed next at the Eurobasket 1955 tournament in Budapest. Their 2-2 record in preliminary round put them in 3rd of the five-team group and relegated them to the classification rounds. They had similar results there, again taking a 2-2 record and 3rd of 5 teams. They won their classification 13-16 semifinal, but lost to Austria in the 13/14 game to finish 14th of 18 teams.
Later years.
The 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1955 EuroBasket are the last major international basketball tournaments that the country qualified for. Since then, it lost its international significance despite occasional strong showings at qualification games.

</doc>
<doc id="2858522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858522" title="Jablonné nad Orlicí">
Jablonné nad Orlicí

Jablonné nad Orlicí (; ) is a town in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 3,150 inhabitants.
The town was first recorded as Gablona in 13o4.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Jablonné nad Orlicí is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2858531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858531" title="Balthasar de Monconys">
Balthasar de Monconys

Balthasar de Monconys (1611–1665) was a French traveller, diplomat, physicist and magistrate, who left a diary, which was published by his son as "Journal des voyages de Monsieur de Monconys, Conseiller du Roy en ses Conseils d’Estat & Privé, & Lieutenant Criminel au Siège Presidial de Lyon", 2 vols., Lyon, 1665-1666.
Monconys, brought up in Lyon by the Jesuits and a good Catholic, had an interest in the Jesuit missions in infidel territory. He travelled to Portugal, England, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and the Near East (visiting Baalbek in 1647). Monconys twice paid a visit to Delft to satisfy his curiosity about another hidden church and to meet an artist with a growing reputation. He was the only person, besides Pieter Teding van Berckhout, who met Vermeer, on 11 August 1663, and wrote down an eyewitness account of Vermeer's paintings, during the artist's lifetime. Vermeer had no paintings to show him and Monconys and his companion, a clergyman from The Hague, were directed to the local baker Hendrick van Buyten, who possessed one of the artist's paintings. Monconys also visited Johannes Sibertus Kuffler in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="2858546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858546" title="Suezmax">
Suezmax

Suezmax is a naval architecture term for the largest ship measurements capable of transiting the Suez Canal in a laden condition, and is almost exclusively used in reference to tankers. Since the canal has no locks, the only serious limiting factors are draft (maximum depth below waterline), and height due to the Suez Canal Bridge. The current channel depth of the canal allows for a maximum of 20.1 m (66 ft) of draft, meaning that a few fully laden supertankers are too deep to fit through, and either have to unload part of their cargo to other ships ("transhipment") or to a pipeline terminal before passing through, or alternatively avoid the Suez Canal and travel around Cape Agulhas instead. The canal was deepened in 2009 from 18 to 20 m (60 to 66 ft).
The typical deadweight of a Suezmax ship is about 160,000 tons and typically has a beam (width) of . Also of note is the maximum head room—"air draft"—limitation of , resulting from the 70 m (230 ft) height above water of the Suez Canal Bridge. Suez Canal Authority produces tables of width and acceptable draft, which are subject to change. From 2010 the wetted surface cross sectional area of the ship is limited by 1006 m2, which means 20.1 m (66 ft) of draught for ships with the beam no wider than or 12.2 m (40 ft) of draught for ships with maximum allowed beam of 77.5 m (254 ft 3 in).
Similar terms of Panamax, Malaccamax and Seawaymax are used for the largest ships capable of fitting through the Panama Canal, the Strait of Malacca and Saint Lawrence Seaway, respectively. Aframax tankers are those with a capacity of to . The term "Chinamax" refers to vessels able to use a number of harbours while fully laden. "Capesize" refers to bulk carriers too big to pass through the Suez Canal - and needing to go around the Cape of Good Hope - but recent dredging means many Capesize vessels can use the canal. Plans to deepen the draft to 70 ft could lead to a redefinition of the Suezmax specification, as happened to the Panamax specification after deepening and widening of the Panama Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="2858559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858559" title="Shrew mole">
Shrew mole

A shrew mole or shrew-mole is a mole that resembles a shrew. Species with that name include:

</doc>
<doc id="2858562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858562" title="88 Aquarii">
88 Aquarii

88 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The Bayer designation of this star is c2 Aquarii. In dark conditions it is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +3.68. Based upon parallax measurements, this star is at a distance of around from Earth.
The spectrum of 88 Aquarii matches an evolved giant star with a classification of K1 III. Its measured angular diameter is , which, at the estimated distance of Delta Ophiuchi, yields a physical size of about 29 times the radius of the Sun. The cool, orange hued glow of this star comes from the outer atmosphere's effective temperature of 4,430 K.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2858573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858573" title="Agetec">
Agetec

Agetec Inc. ("Ascii Game Entertainment TEChnology") is a US based video game publishing company that is best known for bringing Japanese titles to the US, including their flagship series "Armored Core", and the King's Field RPG series, as well as their "designer series" of "RPG Maker" and "Fighter Maker". Agetec publishes games for the PlayStation, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable as well as for the Nintendo DS. Agetec has also brought to the US a number of other unique PS2 titles such as "Magic Pengel" and "Cookie & Cream" and their best selling fishing titles "Bass Landing" (PS1) and "Fisherman's Bass Club", plus "Disaster Report" and its sequel, "Raw Danger" (PS2). Most recently they have developed Cookie & Cream for the Nintendo DS with From Software and published it in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="2858581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858581" title="Belgium national basketball team">
Belgium national basketball team

The Belgian national basketball team is the basketball side that represents Belgium in international competitions. The country side has qualified 13 times for FIBA EuroBasket, having their best result as the 4th place in EuroBasket 1947, most recently they qualified for EuroBasket 2011, its first qualification in almost 20 years. They have also successfully qualified for the EuroBasket 2013. They entered three times the Basketball Olympic Tournament, in 1936, 1948 and 1952. Their best result was the 11th place at the 1948 Olympic Games, in London. The team is nicknamed the "Belgian Lions".
Roster.
National coach: Eddy Casteels
History.
EuroBasket 1935.
The Belgian side came in sixth place at the first European basketball championship, the EuroBasket 1935 held by the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Europe continental federation. They lost to Romania in the preliminary round. In the 5th to 8th place classification match, the Belgians defeated Bulgaria to advance to the 5th/6th playoff. There they were defeated by the French, 49–30.
EuroBasket 1946.
The next European championship that Belgium contested was EuroBasket 1946. In the most competitive of the preliminary groups, Belgium lost close contests to Switzerland and eventual champions Czechoslovakia. Their third-place finish in the group relegated them to the 7th–10th place semifinals, where they defeated Poland handily. In the 7th/8th place final, the Belgians were victorious over the Luxembourg team, finishing in 7th place.
EuroBasket 1947.
Belgium's third EuroBasket was EuroBasket 1947. The team went 2–1 in the preliminary round, losing only to Egypt. Czechoslovakia gave Belgium their only loss in the semifinal round, as they went 2–1 again. This put Belgium in a rematch with Egypt, this time with the bronze medal on the line. Egypt won again, relegating Belgium to 4th place.
EuroBasket 1951.
EuroBasket 1951 was the next competition that Belgium contested. They defeated medal favorite (and in fact eventual silver medallists Czechoslovakia in the preliminary round on their way to winning the group with a 3–0 record. That record was reversed in the semifinal round, though, as Belgium lost all three of their games, by 10 points or fewer in each contest. Their losses continued as they dropped their classification 5–8 game to Italy, but Belgium did finish with a win, over Greece in the classification 7/8 game, to finish in 7th place overall.
EuroBasket 1953.
Belgium competed again at EuroBasket 1953 in Moscow. Their preliminary round group included both the eventual gold medallist Soviet Union and silver medallist Hungary teams, and Belgium lost to both but defeated Denmark to finish third place in the group with a 1–2 record. In a less competitive classification round pool, Belgium finished on top with a 3–1 record, losing only to Romania. They then won their 9–12 classification match but lost to Bulgaria in their final game to finish 10th place of 17.
EuroBasket 1957.
Four years later, Belgium competed at EuroBasket 1957 in Sofia. They lost all three of their preliminary games, taking fourth position in the group and being sent to the classification round. There, they again lost three games but this time it was out of seven games in the round instead of three. Their 4–3 record in the classification pool put them in 12th place overall.
Past rosters.
1935 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 10 teams
Robert Brouwer, Gaston de Houwer, Louis Levaux, Rene Demanck, Emile Laermans, Pierre van Basselaere, Gustave Vereecken
1936 Olympic Games: finished 19th among 21 teams
Robert Brouwer, Gustave Crabbe, Rene Demanck, Emile Laermans, Guillaume Merckx, Pierre van Basselaere, Gustave Vereecken, Raymond Gerard
1946 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 10 teams
Pierre van Basselaere, Louis Vandegoor, Armand van Wambeke, Henri Hollanders, Emile Kets, Marcel de Haeck, Auguste Wijns, Georges Baert, Augustin Bernaer, Henri Hermans, Ange Hollanders, Julien Meuris, Fernand Rossius, Henri Servaes (Coach: Raymond Briot)
1947 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 14 teams
Emile Kets, Georges Baert, Henri Hermans, Fernand Rossius, Joseph Pirard, Julien Meuris, Henri Coosemans, Guillaume van Damme, Henri Hollanders, Gustave Poppe, Ange Hollanders, Rene Steurbaut, Francois de Pauw, Armand van Wambeke (Coach: Raymond Briot)
1948 Olympic Games: finished 11th among 23 teams
Emile Kets, Henri Hollanders, Ange Hollanders, Gustave Poppe, Henri Hermans, Francois de Pauw, Julien Meuris, Rene Steurbaut, Armand van Wambeke, Augustin Bernaer, Henri Coosemans, Louis van de Goor, Georges Baert, Leon Lampo (Coach: Raymond Briot)
1951 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 17 teams
Joseph Eygel, Emile Kets, Georges Baert, Henri Coosemans, Guy Gekiere, Desire Ligon, Francois Plas, Alex van Gils, Roger van Harck, Jean Crick, Francois de Pauw, Philippe Dewandelaer (Coach: Raymond Briot)
1952 Olympic Games: finished 18th among 23 teams
Joseph Eygel, Henri Coosemans, Desire Ligon, Alex van Gils, Felix Roosemont, Julien Meuris, Henri Crick, Josef du Jardin, Johannes Ducheyne, Pierre van Huele, Jules Boes, Jan Ceulemans, Yves Delsarte
1953 EuroBasket: finished 10th among 17 teams
Georges Baert, Andre Vermeulen, Emile Kets, Henri Coosemans, Desire Ligon, Joseph Decombe, Felix Roosemont, Maurice Chavagne, Rene Steurbaut, Julien Meuris, Alex van Gils, Edouard Samson, Jean Nolis, Roger van Harck (Coach: Louis van Hof)
1957 EuroBasket: finished 12th among 16 teams
Eddy Terrace, John Loridon, Emile Martin, Charles Storme, Jean de Nayer, Elie Deweerdt, Charles Feyen, Albert van Mechelen, Alex van den Avondt, Lucien van Kersschaever, Georges de Meyer, Robert Jolijt
1959 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 17 teams
Joseph Eygel, Jean Steveniers, John Loridon, Richard Wagner, Maurice Chavagne, Rene Aerts, Pierre van Huele, Francois de Pauw, Elie Deweerdt, Lucien van Kersschaever, Henry Raets, Lievin Vinck (Coach: Eddy Verswijvel)
1961 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 19 teams
Joseph Eygel, John Loridon, Jean Steveniers, Rene Aerts, Henri Degraeve, Andre Desplats, Oscar Wauters, Joseph Serron, Alphonse Maes, Charles Feyen, Pierre van Huele, Guido Scholiers (Coach: Rene Mol)
1963 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 16 teams
Joseph Eygel, John Loridon, Rene Aerts, Lucien Michelet, Willy Ivens, Camille Dierckx, Pierre Dewandeler, Lucien van Kersschaever, Pierre van Huele, Francois d’Hoir, Guido Scholiers, Francois Clement (Coach: Roger Staes)
1967 EuroBasket: finished 15th among 16 teams
Joseph Eygel, Etienne Geerts, Rene Aerts, Lucien Michelet, John Loridon, Lucien van Kersschaever, Alfons Declerck, Willy Ivens, Robert van Herzele, Raoul Schoeters, Camille Dierckx, Willy d’Hondt (Coach: Rene Mol)
1977 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 12 teams
Etienne Geerts, Imre Nytrai, Olin "Corky" Bell, Rene van den Broeck, Christian Becknel, Roger Marien, Hector Vermeersch, Alain Stollenberg, Robert van Herzele, Jos Peeters, Francois Huysmans, Ive van Poppelen (Coach: Rene Mol)
1979 EuroBasket: finished 12th among 12 teams
Etienne Geerts, Imre Nytrai, Rik Samaey, Rene van den Broeck, Jean-Luc Selicky, Jos Peeters, Herman Reynders, Francois Huysmans, Etienne Bodson, Tony Van den Bosch, Alain Stollenberg, Ive van Poppelen (Coach: Rene Mol)
1993 EuroBasket: finished 12th among 16 teams
Eric Struelens, Rik Samaey, Ronny Bayer, Jacques Stas, Erik Cleymans, Marc Deheneffe, Daniel Goethals, Dimitri Lambrecht, Danny Herman, Herman Bruyninckx, Dirk Snyders, Ivan Verberckt (Coach: Tony Van den Bosch)
2011 EuroBasket: finished 23rd among 24 teams
Roel Moors, Sam Van Rossom, Christophe Beghin, Randy Oveneke, Jorn Steinbach, Jonathan Tabu, Dimitri Lauwers, Guy Muya, Marcus Faison, Maxime De Zeeuw, Tomas Van Den Spiegel, D.J. Mbenga (Coach: Eddy Casteels)

</doc>
<doc id="2858584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858584" title="Mr. Bubble">
Mr. Bubble

Mr. Bubble is a brand of bath products made by The Village Company. The brand is the #1 brand of bath products in the United States according to AC Nielsen Data. The brand's slogan is "Makes Getting Clean Almost as Much Fun as Getting Dirty!". In 2011 Mr. Bubble celebrated its 50th birthday.
History.
Mr. Bubble was invented by Harold Schafer and the Gold Seal Company in North Dakota, USA, in 1961. Gold Seal manufactured and distributed Mr. Bubble (and Snowy Bleach) until 1986 when it was sold to Airwick Industries which was soon purchased by Reckitt & Coleman. R&C sold the brand to J.W. Childs Assoc as a part of their Personal Care Group, Inc. Ascendia Brands, Inc. purchased Mr. Bubble in 2005 from Playtex Products which had acquired the Personal Care Group in 1997. In August 2008, Ascendia Brands, Inc. filed for bankruptcy. The Village Company LLC, a supplier of brand-name bath, shower, and personal care products in Chaska, Minnesota, purchased the Mr. Bubble Brand from Ascendia Brands in October 2008. A purchase price was not disclosed. 
In March 2009, a new Mr. Bubble Foam Soap was introduced, available in both Original and Extra Gentle varieties. In 2010, Mr. Bubble Moisturizing Hand Soap was introduced, and in 2011, Mr. Bubble Body Wash was introduced. In addition, the bubble bath products have been reformulated to be "tear-free" and "hypo-allergenic".
In 2011 the brand celebrated its 50th birthday with the launch of a new character design.
Mr. Bubble is distinct from but frequently confused with Mr. Bubbles, a solution for blowing bubbles which is a product of Tootsietoy/Chemtoy/Strombecker Corp.
Current products.
16 ounce Liquid Bubble Bath:
36 ounce Liquid Bubble Bath:
Foam Soap
Moisturizing Hand Soap
Body Wash
Ingredients.
Original Liquid Bubble Bath:
The powdered version, which was introduced in 1961 and replaced by the liquid in the late 1970s, is based on sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate. Circa 1970 the powdered version had its phosphate removed and its total surfactant reduced, with modified starch added as a diluent, and fragrance and (temporarily) coloring added. For a time the powder included a taurate-based surfactant.

</doc>
<doc id="2858587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858587" title="Monocarpic">
Monocarpic

Monocarpic plants are those that flower, set seeds and then die. Other terms with the same meaning are "hapaxanth" and "semelparous". The term was first used by Alphonse de Candolle.
The antonym is polycarpic, a plant that flowers and sets seeds many times during its lifetime; the antonym of semelparous is "iteroparous". Plants which flower en masse (gregariously) before dying are known as plietesials.
The plant can live a number of years before it will flower. Flowering does not by itself result in the death of the plants but the production of fruits and seeds causes changes within the plants which lead to death. These changes are induced by chemicals that act as hormones, redirecting the resources of the plants from the roots and leaves to the production of fruits and or seeds.
The century plant in the genus "Agave", some terrestrial bromeliads of the genus "Puya", "Tillandsia utriculata", some yuccas, and many bamboos can take 8 to 20 years or in the case of bamboos even over 100 years to bloom and then die. Hawaiian silverswords and their relatives in the genus "Wilkesia" may take 10–50 years before flowering.
Monocot plant families which contain monocarpic species include Agavaceae, Araceae, Arecaceae, Bromeliaceae, Musaceae and Poaceae. Dicot plant families which include monocarpic species include Acanthaceae, Apocynaceae, Asteraceae, and Fabaceae. Few dicot shrubs with multiple branching and secondary growth species have been described. Those that have include "Strobilanthes" species, "Cerberiopsis candelabrum", "Tachigali versicolor" and other "Tachigali" species.
Often monocarpic plants can be kept alive after flowering if the flowers are removed as soon as they are done blooming, before seed formation begins, or if the flower buds are removed before they begin blooming.

</doc>
<doc id="2858591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858591" title="Lambda Aquarii">
Lambda Aquarii

Lambda Aquarii (λ Aqr, λ Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has the obscure traditional names Hydor and Ekkhysis, from the ancient Greek ὕδωρ "water" and ἔκχυσις "outpouring". The apparent visual magnitude of this star is 3.722, which is bright enough to be visible with the naked eye. It is roughly from Earth.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Line of Ramparts", refers to an asterism consisting of λ Aquarii, κ Capricorni, ε Capricorni, γ Capricorni, δ Capricorni, ι Aquarii, σ Aquarii, φ Aquarii, 27 Piscium, 29 Piscium, 33 Piscium and 30 Piscium. Consequently, λ Aquarii itself is known as (, .)
Lambda Aquarii is a red giant star with a stellar classification of M2.5 III. It is a semiregular variable star star with pulsation periods of 24.5, 32.0, and 49.5 days. This star is on the asymptotic giant branch and is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen and helium along concentric shells surrounding an inert core of carbon and oxygen.

</doc>
<doc id="2858593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858593" title="Vasco da Gama (disambiguation)">
Vasco da Gama (disambiguation)

Vasco da Gama was a famous Portuguese explorer.
Vasco da Gama may also refer to:
Places:
Motion pictures:
Ships:
Structures:
Football (soccer) clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="2858594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858594" title="Arvid Harnack">
Arvid Harnack

Arvid Harnack (24 May 1901 in Darmstadt – 22 December 1942 in Berlin, executed) was a German jurist, economist, and resistance fighter in Nazi Germany.
Early years.
Harnack was the son of literary history professor Otto Harnack, the elder brother of Falk Harnack, Inge Harnack and Angela Harnack as well as the nephew of theologian Adolf von Harnack. From 1919 to 1923, he studied law in Jena (at the Friedrich Schiller University), Graz, and Hamburg and became a Doctor of Law in 1924.
From 1926 to 1928, he studied economics at the University of Wisconsin in Madison in the United States, where in 1926 he married the literary historian Mildred Fish. In 1929-1930 he became a Doctor of Philosophy in Gießen, producing as his thesis "Die vormarxistische Arbeiterbewegung in den Vereinigten Staaten" ("The Pre-Marxist Workers' Movement in the United States"). Along with the Gießen economist Friedrich Lenz (1885–1968), he founded the "Wissenschaftliche Arbeitsgemeinschaft zum Studium der sowjetischen Planwirtschaft" ("Scientific Working Community for the Study of the Soviet Planned Economy"), or ARPLAN in 1931. Harnack was made First Secretary of this group, which counted about 50 members. At the height of the Great Depression, the capitalist system had clearly broken down, and the Soviet model seemed to them to be an interesting alternative. Scientists, but also ardent revolutionary nationalists like Klaus Mehnert and Ernst Jünger and communist intellectuals like George Lukacs and Karl August Wittfogel took part in sessions. Harnack's hope, apparently, was that Germany could serve as a spiritual and economic bridge between East and West. The first meeting of the group took place on 3 and 4 January 1932. In August and September of the same year a three week trip to the Soviet Union was organized with the help of the Soviet embassy in Berlin. The soviet economy was observed in Moscow, Leningrad, Odessa, Kiew and in the Dnieper region.
Resistance activities.
In 1933, after Hitler's rise to power made it necessary to dissolve ARPLAN, Harnack was given a post as a scientific expert in the Reich Economic Ministry. The same year, he also finished his legal qualifications in Jena, successfully completing the junior law examination.
Together with his wife Mildred, the writer Adam Kuckhoff and his wife Greta, Harnack assembled a discussion circle which debated political perspectives on the time after the National Socialists' expected downfall or overthrow.
By 1935, Harnack was active as a lecturer on foreign policy at the University of Berlin. That same year he was recruited by the NKVD in August and assigned the codename BALT (later changed to CORSICAN).
In 1936, Harnack secretly got in touch with the Soviet Embassy, and his American wife with the US Embassy, to warn them about the threat of war that Germany posed.
As a cover, Harnack became a member of the NSDAP in 1937. In 1939 came his first contact with the Harro Schulze-Boysen group, and in 1940 with the Communists Hilde Rake and Hans Coppi. From these meetings arose what the Gestapo would call the Red Orchestra ("Rote Kapelle") resistance group.
In 1940-1941, the group was in contact with Soviet agents, and was trying to thwart the forthcoming German invasion of the Soviet Union. Harnack and others even sent the Soviets information about the forthcoming invasion. In 1941, Harnack published the resistance magazine "Die innere Front" ("The Inner Front"). At about the same time, he received information from Rudolf von Scheliha about the Final Solution.
Trial and death.
In July 1942, the Decryption Department of the "Oberkommando des Heeres" managed to decode the group's radio messages, and the Gestapo pounced. On 7 September, Arvid and Mildred Harnack were arrested. Arvid Harnack was sentenced to death on 19 December after a four-day trial before the "Reichskriegsgericht" ("Reich Military Tribunal"), and was put to death three days later at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin. His wife was originally given six years in prison, but Hitler swiftly cancelled the sentence and ordered a new trial, which pronounced the desired death sentence. After execution, both of their bodies were released to Hermann Stieve, anatomy professor at Humboldt University, to be dissected for research. While her remains were eventually buried by a friend at the city's Zehlendorf Cemetery, the location of his is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="2858596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858596" title="Victoria City Council">
Victoria City Council

Victoria City Council is the governing body of the Canadian city of Victoria, British Columbia. The council consists of the mayor plus eight councilors. A deputy mayor is appointed monthly. 
The councilors are councilors-at-large elected for the entire city. The most recent election was in 2011. Each councilor takes on a different portfolio (e.g. Environment; Youth Liaison; Deputy for Parks and Recreation; Social Planning).

</doc>
<doc id="2858600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858600" title="Straylight Run (album)">
Straylight Run (album)

Straylight Run is the self-titled debut album from American indie rock band Straylight Run, released on October 12, 2004 by Victory Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2858604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858604" title="98 Aquarii">
98 Aquarii

98 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation Aquarius. The Bayer designation for this star is b1 Aquarii. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +3.97. The distance to this star, , is known from parallax measurements made with the Hipparcos spacecraft.
With over double the mass of the Sun, this is an evolved giant star that has a stellar classification of K0 III. The measured angular diameter of this star is . At the estimated distance of 98 Aquarii, this yields a physical size of about 14 times the radius of the Sun. The expanded outer envelope has an effective temperature of 4,630 K, giving it the orange glow of a K-type star.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2858612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858612" title="Bulgaria national basketball team">
Bulgaria national basketball team

The Bulgarian national basketball team is the basketball side that represents Bulgaria in international competitions.
Past rosters.
1935 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 10 teams
Krum Konstantinov, Pinkas, Etropolski, Rogachev, Tsankov, Kevorkjan, Khaimov (Coach: Krum Konstantinov)
1947 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 14 teams
Bozhidar Takev, Veselin Temkov, Ilija Asenov, Georgi Georgiev, Ljudmil Katerinski, Nikola Kolev, Krhisto Khajtov, Stefan Bankov, Peev, Sharkov, Rajkov (Coach: Georgi Petkov)
1951 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 17 teams
Kiril Semov, Konstantin Totev, Georgi Georgiev, Stefan Bankov, Nejcho Nejchev, Vladimir Slavov, Ilija Asenov, Petar Shishkov, Anton Kuzov, Gencho Rashkov, Ivan Vladimirov, Dimitar Popov, Metodi Tomovski (Coach: Veselin Temkov)
1952 Olympic Games: finished 7th among 23 teams
Georgi Panov, Konstantin Totev, Kiril Semov, Petar Shishkov, Khristo Donev, Ilija Georgiev, Vladimir Slavov, Anton Kuzov, Nejcho Nejchev, Vasil Manchenko, Ivan Nikolov, Veselin Penkov, Konstantin Georgiev, Genczo Hristov
1953 EuroBasket: finished 9th among 17 teams
Georgi Panov, Ljubomir Panov, Ilija Mirchev, Konstantin Totev, Georgi Georgiev, Dimitar Popov, Vladimir Stefanov, Velko Velkov, Khristo Donev, Ilija Georgiev, Vasil Manchenko, Anton Kuzov, Veselin Ivanov, Vladimir Slavov (Coach: Veselin Temkov)
1955 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 18 teams
Viktor Radev, Cvjatko Barchovski, Georgi Panov, Ilija Mirchev, Konstantin Totev, Gencho Rashkov, Metodi Tomovski, Vasil Manchenko, Vladimir Ganchev, Emanuil Gjaurov, Anton Kuzov, Rajkov (Coach: Bozhidar Takev)
1956 Olympic Games: finished 5th among 15 teams
Atanas Atanasov, Viktor Radev, Georgi Panov, Ljubomir Panov, Cvjatko Barchovski, Ilija Mirchev, Georgi Kanev, Konstantin Totev, Vladimir Slavov, Vasil Manchenko, Tsvetko Savov, Nikola Ilov (Coach: Ljudmil Katerinski)
1957 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 16 teams
Viktor Radev, Georgi Panov, Ljubomir Panov, Mikhail Semov, Petko Lazarov, Cvjatko Barchovski, Vladimir Ganchev, Georgi Kanev, Ilija Mirchev, Konstantin Totev, Atanas Pejchinski, Metodi Tomovski (Coach: Ljudmil Katerinski)
1959 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 17 teams
Georgi Panov, Viktor Radev, Atanas Atanasov, Ilija Mirchev, Petko Lazarov, Georgi Kanev, Mikhail Semov, Nikola Ilov, Khristo Donev, Tsvetko Savov, Angel Shipkov, Gencho Rashkov (Coach: Ljudmil Katerinski)
1959 World Championship: finished 7th among 13 teams
Georgi Panov, Viktor Radev, Atanas Atanasov, Ljubomir Panov, Mikhail Semov, Ilija Mirchev, Georgi Kanev, Petko Lazarov, Tsvetko Savov, Gencho Rashkov, Emanuil Gjaurov, Metodi Tomovski (Coach: Ljudmil Katerinski)
1960 Olympic Games: finished 16th among 16 teams
Viktor Radev, Georgi Panov, Atanas Atanasov, Petko Lazarov, Ljubomir Panov, Ilija Mirchev, Georgi Kanev, Nikola Ilov, Stefan Stojkov, Emanuil Gjaurov, Tsvetko Savov, Khristo Tsvetkov (Coach: Nikola Kolev)
1961 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 19 teams
Mincho Dimov, Georgi Panov, Atanas Atanasov, Ljubomir Panov, Viktor Radev, Petko Lazarov, Ilija Mirchev, Radko Zlatev, Stefan Stojkov, Khristo Tsvetkov, Tsvetko Savov, Khristo Donev (Coach: Veselin Temkov)
1963 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 16 teams
Mincho Dimov, Georgi Panov, Viktor Radev, Atanas Atanasov, Ljubomir Panov, Ilija Mirchev, Georgi Kanev, Tsvetko Savov, Nikola Atanasov, Kliment Kamenarov, Dimitar Donev, Stefan Filipov (Coach: Kiril Khajtov)
1965 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 16 teams
Mincho Dimov, Atanas Atanasov, Ljubomir Panov, Slavejko Rajchev, Valentin Spasov, Stefan Filipov, Emil Mikhajlov, Radko Zlatev, Georgi Barzakov, Paspalanov, Kolev, Ilchev (Coach: Kiril Semov)
1967 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 16 teams
Mincho Dimov, Cvjatko Barchovski, Ivan Vodenicharski, Georgi Khristov, Emil Mikhajlov, Khristo Dojchinov, Georgi Genev, Boris Krastev, Pando Pandov, Bojcho Branzov, Temelaki Dimitrov, Slavejko Rajchev (Coach: Kiril Khajtov)
1968 Olympic Games: finished 10th among 16 teams
Mincho Dimov, Georgi Khristov, Bojcho Branzov, Stefan Filipov, Emil Mikhajlov, Pando Pandov, Khristo Dojchinov, Valentin Spasov, Ivajlo Kirov, Dimitar Sakhanikov, Stanislav Bojadzhiev, Slavejko Rajchev (Coach: Kiril Khajtov)
1969 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 12 teams
Atanas Golomeev, Mincho Dimov, Georgi Khristov, Bojcho Branzov, Khristo Dojchinov, Rumen Pejchev, Dimitar Galabov, Ivan Rusinov, Bogomil Chanev, Georgi Barzakov, Stancho Kostov, Temelaki Dimitrov (Coach: Dimitar Mitev)
1971 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 12 teams
Atanas Golomeev, Georgi Khristov, Stefan Filipov, Pando Pandov, Khristo Dojchinov, Bogomil Chanev, llija Yankov, Docho Petrov, Ivajlo Kirov, Rumen Pejchev, Slavejko Rajchev, Paspalanov (Coach: Dimitar Mitev)
1973 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 12 teams
Atanas Golomeev, Georgi Khristov, Bojcho Branzov, Bogomil Chanev, Pando Pandov, Rumen Pejchev, Khristo Borisov, Georgi Stojanov, Ivajlo Kirov, Marin Romanski, Khristo Dojchinov, Boris Krastev (Coach: Nejcho Nejchev)
1975 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 12 teams
Atanas Golomeev, Georgi Khristov, Valentin Petkov, Bojcho Branzov, Temelaki Dimitrov, Marin Romanski, Mikhail Dukov, Khristo Dojchinov, Atanas Stojanov, Docho Petrov, Mikhail Mikhajlov, Valentin Sharkov (Coach: Ivan Kolev)
1977 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 12 teams
Atanas Golomeev, Ilija Evtimov, Petko Marinov, Milko Arabadzhijski, Todor Bogdanov, Atanas Kolev, Rumen Pejchev, Plamen Takev, Valentin Sharkov, Smochevski, Shantov, Yosifov (Coach: Nejcho Nejchev)
1979 EuroBasket: finished 11th among 12 teams
Georgi Glouchkov, Ilija Evtimov, Rumen Pejchev, Dimitar Marchin, Atanas Kolev, Milko Arabadzhijski, Todor Bogdanov, Valentin Sharkov, Mikhail Manolov, Ognjan Rusev, Dimitar Donov (Coach: Ivan Todorov)
1985 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 12 teams
Georgi Glouchkov, Georgi Mladenov, Ilija Evtimov, Atanas Kolev, Yordan Kolev, Rosen Barchovski, Ljubomir Amiorkov, Tsvetan Antov, Emil Yonov, Kojo Koev, Sashko Vezenkov, Ivan Tsenov (Coach: Cvjatko Barchovski)
1989 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 8 teams
Georgi Glouchkov, Georgi Mladenov, Robert Gergov, Ivan Tsenov, Sashko Vezenkov, Eduard Valchev, Yordan Kolev, Kojo Koev, Tsvetan Antov, Ljubomir Amiorkov, Ventsislav Slavov, Emil Yonov (Coach: Kiril Semov)
1991 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 8 teams
Georgi Glouchkov, Georgi Mladenov, Spas Natov, Robert Gergov, Yordan Kolev, Ljubomir Amiorkov, Ivan Tsenov, Daniel Dimitrov, Sashko Vezenkov, Ivajlo Ravutsov, Tsvetan Nedelchev, Plamen Petrov (Coach: Simeon Varchev)
1993 EuroBasket: finished 16th among 16 teams
Georgi Mladenov, Spas Natov, Ljubomir Amiorkov, Robert Gergov, Daniel Dimitrov, Vasil Stojanov, Dimo Kostov, Ivajlo Ravutsov, Vladimir Dimitrov, Anton Kharalanov, Stanislav Stankov, Ventsislav Slavov (Coach: Simeon Varchev)
2005 EuroBasket: finished 13th among 16 teams
Todor Stoykov, Filip Videnov, Dimitar Angelov, Yordan Bozov, Georgi Davidov, Stefan Georgiev, Bojko Mladenov, Kalojan Ivanov, Tencho Banev, Dejan Ivanov, Yulijan Radionov, Khrisimir Dimitrov (Coach: Rosen Barchovski)
2011 EuroBasket: finished 13th among 24 teams
Competitions.
EuroBasket 1935.
The Bulgarian side came in eighth place at the first European basketball championship, the EuroBasket 1935 held by the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Europe continental federation. They lost to Italy in the preliminary round then defeated Hungary. Following this, the Bulgarians lost their classification matches to Belgium and Italy. They finished with a 1–3 record.
EuroBasket 1947.
Twelve years later, the Bulgarian team again competed. In EuroBasket 1947 they finished eighth again, this time out of 14 teams. In the preliminary round, the Bulgarians split their two games, advancing to the upper bracket semifinal groups. There, they lost all three of their games, putting them in a 7th/8th classification match with Hungary. This time, the Hungarians were victorious, defeating Bulgaria 59–29.
EuroBasket 1951.
The Bulgarian team's third appearance was at EuroBasket 1951 in Paris. They won their two contested preliminary games, outscoring opponents 145–70, and gained a third win by Romania's forfeit. In the semifinal round, the Bulgarians became enmeshed in a three-way tie for first place in the four-team group after losing to France but winning the other two games; they ended up with the second ranking. This pitted them against the Soviet Union in a semifinal matchup, which the Bulgarians lost. Their final game was the bronze medal match against France; France again proved victorious and Bulgaria took 4th place.
EuroBasket 1953.
Bulgaria's next appearance was in Moscow for EuroBasket 1953. They found themselves on the unfortunate end of a three-way tiebreaker after finishing 3–1 in the preliminary group, and their 3rd rank in the group sent them to the classification round, a disappointing turn of events for a team which had expected to do at least as well as they had two years previously. They won their next 5 games to take the highest place available to them after the preliminary round. Thus, the 9th place team in the tournament had an 8–1 record.
EuroBasket 1955.
Bulgaria's preliminary round loss at EuroBasket 1955 was not as devastating as their preliminary round loss two years earlier had been, and their 2–1 record allowed them to advance to the final round along with preliminary leader Czechoslovakia. After losing to the three eventual medallists in the final round, Bulgaria finished the round with a 4–3 record and 4th place in the tournament.
EuroBasket 1957.
Bulgaria hosted the next tournament, EuroBasket 1957, in Sofia. They breezed through their three preliminary round games, and kept their win streak through the first six of the final round games, including an 82–80 victory over Czechoslovakia. In their final game of the tournament, which by chance was against the similarly undefeated Soviet Union squad, Bulgaria led by 4 points at halftime, 23–19. Their lead did not last through the second half, however, as the Soviets powered to a 60–57 final that gave Bulgaria a silver medal, Bulgaria's first European medal.

</doc>
<doc id="2858613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858613" title="Rokytnice v Orlických horách">
Rokytnice v Orlických horách

Rokytnice v Orlických horách (; ) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 2,500 inhabitants. The name of the town could be translated literally as "Rokytnice in Orlice Mountains".
Village Nebeská Rybná is an administrative part of Rokytnice v Orlických horách.

</doc>
<doc id="2858614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858614" title="Mitochondrial myopathy">
Mitochondrial myopathy

Mitochondrial myopathy is a type of myopathy associated with mitochondrial disease. On biopsy, the muscle tissue of patients with this disease usually demonstrate "ragged red" muscle fibers. These ragged-red fibers contain mild accumulations of glycogen and neutral lipids, and may show an increased reactivity for succinate dehydrogenase and a decreased reactivity for cytochrome c oxidase. Inheritance is maternal (non-Mendelian extranuclear). There are several subcategories of mitochondrial myopathies.
Treatment.
Although no cure currently exists, there is hope in treatment for this class of hereditary diseases with the use of an embryotic mitochondrial transplant.
Signs and symptoms.
Signs and symptoms include:

</doc>
<doc id="2858620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858620" title="Eta Aquarii">
Eta Aquarii

Eta Aquarii (η Aqr, η Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.04. The distance to this star, as determined by parallax measurements, is about . 
Eta Aquarii is near the radiant of a meteor shower named after it.
Eta Aquarii has a stellar classification of B9IV-Vn, which may indicate that it is beginning to evolve away from the main sequence into a subgiant as the supply of hydrogen at its core becomes exhausted. It is spinning rapidly with a high projected rotational velocity of 291 km/s. This is causing an equatorial bulge, giving the star an oblate figure with a 24% larger radius at the equator than at the poles. The Doppler effect from the rapid rotation is causing the absorption lines in the star's spectrum to blur, as indicated by the 'n' suffix in the star's classification.
Etymology.
This star sometimes called with the name Hydria, from the Greek word ‘υδρια ("hudria"), meaning "water jar". Another name of this star is Deli, derived from Hebrew word דלי ("dali") literally meaning "hard". 
This star, along with γ Aqr (Sadachbia), π Aqr (Seat) and ζ Aqr (Sadaltager / Achr al Achbiya), were al Aḣbiyah (الأخبية), the Tent.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Tomb", refers to an asterism consisting of η Aquarii, γ Aquarii, ζ Aquarii, π Aquarii. Consequently, η Aquarii itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="2858624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858624" title="Jacob ben Wolf Kranz">
Jacob ben Wolf Kranz

Jacob ben Wolf Kranz of Dubno (), the "Dubner Maggid" (), was a Lithuania (Belarus)-born preacher (maggid). (Alternative spelling of family name: Kranc)
Famous fables and stories.
First I Shoot the Arrow.
The most famous fable of the Dubner Maggid is about the way in which the Maggid was able to find such fitting fables. When asked about this the Maggid told: Once I was walking in the forest, and saw tree after tree with a target drawn on it, and at the center of each target an arrow. I then came upon a little boy with a bow in his hand. "Are you the one who shot all these arrows", I asked. 
"Yes!" he replied. "Then how did you always hit the center of the target?" I asked. "Simple", said the boy, "first I shoot the arrow, then I draw the target". 
The Double Dubner Maggid.
Confronted with many fake "Dubner Magid" there are several tributes to "Tests" that the Dubner Maggid would go through to prove he was the true Maggid, opening the bible at random, and inventing parables on the spot, which are repeated to this day. 
History.
He was born at Zietil, government of Wilna (now Belarus), about 1740; died at Zamość December 18, 1804.
At the age of eighteen he went to Międzyrzec Podlaski (Meseritz), where he occupied the position of preacher. He stayed there for two years, and then became preacher successively at Zolkiev, Dubno, Włodawa (government of Lublin), Kalisch, and Zamość. He remained at Dubno eighteen years, his stipend being at first six Polish gulden per week with lodging, this amount being afterward augmented by two gulden. He left Dubno for Wilna at the request of Elijah Wilna, who, having recently recovered from a sickness and being unable to study, sought diversion in his conversation.
Jacob was an unrivaled preacher. Possessed of great eloquence, he illustrated both his sermons and his homiletic commentaries with parables taken from human life. By such parables he explained the most difficult passages, and cleared up many perplexing questions in rabbinical law. He was also an eminent rabbinical scholar, and on many occasions was consulted as an authority.
Books.
All of Jacob's works were published after his death by Abraham Bär Flahm with the permission of Jacob's son Yitzhak Kranz who found the writings of the Maggid in Mezritch where he had preached. 
These are:
As the author himself had given no name to it, Abraham Bär Flahm, its editor, at first intended to call it "Chobot ha-Lebabot he-Chadash" ("The New 'Chobot ha-Lebabot'"); but out of respect for Bachya he changed his mind. The editor also revised the work, and added to it a preface containing a sketch of the author's life, and glosses of his own under the title "Shiyyure ha-Middot". Moses Nussbaum of Przemyśl extracted from the author's "Ohel Ya'aqob" all the parables, and published them in one book entitled "Mishle Ya'aqob" (Cracow, 1886).
Following an open letter by Abraham Flahm printed in the popular Hagaddah that year, he agreed to print Flahm's preface in the succeeding reprints. The agreement is kept to this day.
Several parables never published till modern times, but passed on orally in the family, have been written down by Moshe Kranc, a descendant of the Dubner Maggid, in a book about business and Jewish tales: "The Hasidic Masters' Guide to Management". 

</doc>
<doc id="2858630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858630" title="Chaldean Syrian Church">
Chaldean Syrian Church

The Chaldean Syrian Church is an Indian Christian church that is currently an archbishopric of the Assyrian Church of the East. Its members are part of the St. Thomas Christian community, who trace their origins to the evangelical activities of Thomas the Apostle in the 1st century. They are almost exclusively based in the state of Kerala, with the church's cathedral located in Thrissur. Despite carrying the "Chaldean" title in its name, the church is distinct from the Chaldean Catholic Church of the Middle East, an Eastern Catholic church in communion with the Pope.
Historically, the St. Thomas Christians were united in liturgy and hierarchy, and were part of the Church of the East, centred in Persia. However, the actions of the Portuguese "padroado" in India led to a series of splits and schisms from 1653. That year the community was permanently split into a Malankara faction, which eventually aligned with the Syriac Orthodox Church of Antioch, and a Catholic faction, later known as the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church. The modern Chaldean Syrian Church emerged from a subsequent split in the Syro-Malabar hierarchy, and later aligned with the Assyrian Church of the East.
Today, the Chaldean Syrian Church is one of four archbishoprics in the Assyrian Church of the East, and has about 15,000 members in and around Thrissur. Its cathedral is the Mart Mariam Cathedral, Thrissur's first Christian church. The members of the Church are known as Nazaranis or Marthoma Suriyani Nazarani.
Early history.
The St. Thomas Christians trace their origin to Thomas the Apostle, who is said to have evangelized in India in the 1st century. By the 3rd century India's Christian community was part of the Church of the East, led by the Patriarch of the East in Seleucia-Ctesiphon, Persia. In the 7th century India was designated its own ecclesiastical province. In 1499 the Portuguese arrived in India, and forcefully attempted to bring the St. Thomas Christian community fully into the Latin Church of the Catholic Church. The actions of the Portuguese "padroado" ultimately caused part of the community to follow the archdeacon Thomas in swearing the Coonan Cross Oath in 1653. The faction that followed Thomas were known as the Malankara Church, and eventually entered into communion with the Syriac Orthodox Church. The Catholic faction eventually became known as the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
The Chaldean Syrian Church's current Metropolitan, Mar Aprem Mooken, has argued that the church represents a direct continuation of the ancient Church of the East hierarchy in India. However, Mathias Mundadan sets the church's origin within the 19th century autonomy movement within the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church. For over two hundred years the Syro-Malabar Catholics were under the authority of the Latin Archbishop of Goa. This arrangement led to resentment from some members, who wanted more autonomy for their local church, resulting in a formidable and sustaining autonomy movement. In the 19th century this movement's leaders made repeated pleas to both the Pope and the Patriarch of the Chaldean Catholic Church (an Eastern Catholic church in communion with the Pope) for their own bishop and liturgy.
The Assyrian Church of the East in India is known as the Chaldean Syrian Church. Outside India the name Chaldean Church refers to that branch of the Church of the East which has a separate existence from 1553 AD when Pope consecrated a monk named John Sulaqa as the Patriarch of the Chaldeans of Babel. The head of Chaldean Church is Patriarch Cardinal Immanuel Delli who resides in Baghdad. The Catholicos Patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East is His Holiness Khanania Mar Dinkha IV who resides in Chicago where a lot of Assyrians from Iran and Iraq have migrated during the 20th Century.
The Chaldean Syrian Church in India is based in Trichur. The history of this church in the early centuries is the same as the history of the other Syrian churches in Kerala. From the arrival of St. Thomas till the coonen cross in 1653 the history of the Indian church is common. Therefore, referring to this period the account written by Fr. Dr. Geevarghese Panicker (a priest of the Syro-Malankara Church who accepted the Pope on 20 September 1930) published in the Journal of St. Thomas Christians, Vol. II, and No.2. Oct-Dec 2000 is reproduced below.
Malankara is another name for Kerala, the cradle of Christianity in India. St. Thomas, the Apostle came to Kerala in A.D. 52 and preached the gospel with great success. Not much is known about the early history of these St. Thomas Christians, but two facts stand out clearly. Between the 3rd and the 9th centuries there were waves of immigrants from Mesopotamia to Kerala, and from the early centuries, This Church, with its liturgical center in Edessa, had also claimed its origin from St. Thomas. Thus the East Syrian or Chaldean liturgy was used in Kerala until the 17th century. The Syrian Church (using the Syriac liturgy) in Kerala was undivided until the advent of the Portuguese.
Portuguese domination.
The Portuguese set up their headquarters in Goa early in the 16th century and extended their domain to Kerala. The Archbishopric of Goa, backed by the Portuguese, claimed jurisdiction over the Syrian Christians of Malabar. The East Syrian liturgy and the Mesopotamian connection of the St. Thomas Christians laid them open to suspicion of Nestorianism and Archbishop Menezes of Goa, who arrived in Kerala in December 1598 was determined to bring them into the Latin way of worship.
Divisions among Saint Thomas Christians.
A protest took place in 1653 with the Coonan Cross Oath. Under the leadership of Archdeacon Thomas, the Thomas Christians publicly took an oath that they would not obey the Jesuit bishops.
Rome sent Carmelites in two groups from the Propagation of the Faith to Malabar headed by Fr. Sebastiani and Fr. Hyacinth. Fr. Sebastiani arrived first in 1655. He began to deal directly with the Archdeacon, Mar Thoma I. Fr. Sebastiani gained the support of many, especially with the support of Parambil Mar Chandy, Alexandar Kadavil and the Vicar of Muttam. These were the three councilors of Mar Thoma I, who were reconciled with Gracia (SJ) before the arrival of Sebastaini, according to Jesuit reports.
Between 1661 and 1662, out of the 116 churches, the Carmelites reclaimed eighty-four churches, leaving Archdeacon Mar Thomas I with thirty-two churches. The eighty-four churches and their congregations were the body from which the Syro Malabar Church has descended. The other thirty-two churches and their congregations represented the nucleus from which the Syriac Orthodox (Jacobites & Orthodox), Thozhiyur, Mar Thoma (Reformed Syrians), Syro Malankara Catholics have originated.
In 1665 Mar Gregorios, a Bishop sent by the Syriac Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch, arrived in India. The dissident group under the leadership of the Archdeacon welcomed him. Though most of the St. Thomas Christians gradually relented in their strong opposition to the Western control, the arrival of the Bishop Mar Gregory of the Syriac Orthodox Church in 1665 marked the beginning of a formal schism among the St. Thomas Christians. Those who accepted the West Syrian theological and liturgical tradition of the Syriac Orthodox Church of Antioch of Mar Gregory became known as the Jacobite, The Syrian Catholics remained in communion with Rome and later came to be known as the Syro Malabar Church.
Autonomy.
In response these pleas, the Chaldean Patriarch Joseph Audo sent a request to Pope Pius IX for the Syro-Malabar Catholics to be placed under his authority. Without waiting for a reply, he dispatched Elias Mellus, Bishop of 'Aqra, to India in 1874. Mellus had substantial success convincing Syro-Malabar Catholics in Thrissur to recognize him as their bishop. By 1877 24,000 followers had joined his group, based in Our Lady of Dolours Church (now Mart Mariam Cathedral) in the parish of Thrissur. In response the Pope dispatched Latin Catholic leaders to rein in Mellus, who was sent back to Mesopotamia in 1882. By then, however, he had established the infrastructure for an independent church.
Many of Mellus' followers returned to the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church. About 8,000, however, maintained their demand for autonomy, and took their requests for an independent bishop to non-Catholic churches. In 1904 they made one such request to the Archbishop of Canterbury, but were declined. They subsequently made an equivalent request to Shimun XXI Benyamin, Patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East in Qochanis who consented, dispatching Bishop Abimelek to serve as their metropolitan bishop. Abimelek soon introduced Nestorian dogma and East Syrian liturgy to the Thrissur church. These reforms caused even more followers to break away and rejoin the Syro-Malabar Church, but the Assyrian-oriented Thrissur church survived.
In 1964, during the reign of Assyrian Patriarch Shimun XXIII Eshai, a dispute over hereditary succession and church calendars caused the Metropolitan of the Church of the East in India to break away from the Assyrian Church of the East reestablishing full independence. 
However, in 1995, Eshai's successor, Mar Dinkha IV was able to heal the rift, and the Chaldean Syrian Church returned to his jurisdiction. 
The Chaldean Syrian Church in India now constitutes one of the four Archbishoprics of the Assyrian Church of the East. Its followers number around 15,000. The present Metropolitan, Mar Aprem Mooken (ordained in 1968), is headquartered in Thrissur City and is a noted author. His seat is the Marth Mariam Valiyapalli . The Chaldean Syrian Higher Secondary School is also affiliated with the church.

</doc>
<doc id="2858633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858633" title="Expressed emotion">
Expressed emotion

Expressed emotion (EE), is a measure of the family environment that is based on how the relatives of a psychiatric patient spontaneously talk about the patient. It is a psychological term specifically applied to psychiatric patients, and differs greatly from the daily use of the phrase "emotion expression" or another psychological concept "family expressiveness"; frequent communication and natural expression of emotion among family members is a conducive, healthy habit.
Theoretically, a high level of EE in the home can worsen the prognosis in patients with mental illness, (Brown et al., 1962, 1972) or act as a potential risk factor for the development of psychiatric disease. Typically it is determined whether a person or family has high expressed emotion or low expressed emotion through a taped interview known as the Camberwell Family Interview (CFI). Answers to questions and non-verbal cues are used to determine if someone has high expressed emotion. There is another measurement that is taken from the view of the patient. It rates the patient's perception of how his family feels about him and the disorder. If the patient feels that the parents are too protective or not caring the patient feels that his parents don't care of his independence or trust his judgement. This attitude may cause the patient to relapse and patients that rate their parents poorly in this test have a harder time coping with their illness if too much time is spent with the parent.
An alternative measures of expressed emotion is the Five Minutes Speech Sample (FMSS), where the relatives are asked to talk about the patient for five uninterrupted minutes. Although this measure requires more training, it becomes a quicker form of assessment than the CFI.
High Expressed Emotion.
Family members with high expressed emotion are hostile, very critical and not tolerant of the patient. They feel like they are helping by having this attitude. They not only criticize behaviors relating to the disorder but also other behaviors that are unique to the personality of the patient. High expressed emotion is more likely to cause a relapse than low expressed emotion.
The three dimensions of high EE shown are hostility, emotional over-involvement and critical comments.
Hostility.
Hostility is a negative attitude directed at the patient because the family feels that the disorder is controllable and that the patient is choosing not to get better. Problems in the family are often blamed on the patient and the patient has trouble problem solving in the family. The family believes that the cause of many of the family’s problems is the patient’s mental illness, whether they are or not.
Emotional Over-involvement.
Emotional over-involvement reflects a set of feelings and behavior of a family member towards the patient, indicating evidence of over-protectiveness or self-sacrifice, excessive use of praise or blame, preconceptions and statements of attitude. Family members who show high emotional involvement tend to be more intrusive. Therefore, families with high emotional involvement may believe that patients cannot help themselves and that their problems are due to causes external to them, and thus high involvement will lead to strategies of taking control and doing things for the patients. In addition, patients may feel very anxious and frustrated when interacting with family caregivers with high emotional involvement due to such high intrusiveness and emotional display towards them. On the whole, families with high EE appear to be poorer communicators with their ill relative as they might talk more and listen less effectively. Emotional over-involvement demonstrates a different side compared to hostile and critical attitudes but is still similar with the negative affect that causes a relapse. The relative becomes so overbearing that the patient can no longer live with this kind of stress from pity, and falls back into their illness as a way to cope.
Critical Comments.
Critical attitudes are combinations of hostile and emotional over-involvement. It shows an openness that the disorder is not entirely in the patients control but there is still negative criticism. Critical parents influence the patient’s siblings to be the same way.
The attitudes of family members with high expressed emotion are too strong for the patient and the patient now has to deal with the mental illness "and" the criticism from those they would need support from in their time of recovery. This stress may cause the patient to relapse and make them fall into a cycle of rehabilitation and relapse. Then the disorder is unsustainable and rehabilitation is required. The only way to escape this cycle is for the family to go through therapy together. This will greatly lower family conflicts and the stress level of the entire household.
Low Expressed Emotion.
Low expressed emotion is when the family members are more reserved with their criticism. The family members feel that the patient doesn't have control over the disorder. When the family is more educated and doesn't have to 'put up' with the patient and his/her disorder they are more likely to have low expressed emotion. Low expressed emotion causes a different kind of stress and it is less directly aimed at the patient.
High or low expressed emotion makes the patient feel trapped, out of control and dependent upon others. The patient may feel like an outsider because of the excessive attention received. In bipolar patients relapse from manic to depressed can be triggered by a family member's comments. Expressed emotion affects everyone in the home, raising the stress level for everyone. This is bad for the patient's recovery and for the family as a whole. The behavior of everyone around the patient influences the patient to relapse or progress with their illness. Criticism of the patient is hard to stop once it has started.
Validity.
Some studies show that there is no link between expressed emotion and first episode psychosis, illness severity, age of onset, and illness length.
There is also literature that links EE to the course and outcome of numerous major childhood psychiatric disorders. One study showed that one component, high parental dimensions of criticism (CRIT), can be used as an index of problematic parent–child interactions, though the quantifiable effects of emotional overinvolvement (EOI), though doubtlessly existent and having huge effects, are not as salient in that study and need to be observed by further studies.
The article "Expressed Emotion and Relapse of Psychopathology" details expressed emotion (EE) as a construct, the link between expressed emotion and relapse, evidence of causality, attributions and EE, and more information regarding the theory of EE.

</doc>
<doc id="2858634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858634" title="Hungary national basketball team">
Hungary national basketball team

The Hungarian national basketball team is the basketball team that represents Hungary in international competitions.
Eurobasket 1935.
The Hungarian side came in ninth place at the first European basketball championship, the Eurobasket 1935 held by the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Europe continental federation. They faced eventual champions Latvia in the preliminary round, falling 46–12. In the classification matches, the Hungarians lost to Bulgaria then defeated Romania to finish ninth with a 1–2 record.
Eurobasket 1939.
After not competing in the 1937 edition, the Hungarians returned to Eurobasket 1939. Once again, they finished in next-to-last place, losing to every team except the Finland team. Their 1–6 record placed them seventh in the eight team field.
Eurobasket 1946.
The next European competition was the Eurobasket 1946. Hungary placed second in their preliminary round group of four, losing to Italy but defeating Luxembourg and Poland. This qualified the Hungarians for the semifinals, which they lost to Czechoslovakia. In the bronze medal match, the Hungarians defeated France, 38–32.
Eurobasket 1947.
Hungary competed at Eurobasket 1947 the next year. Their 1–1 record in the preliminary round was sufficient for them to advance to the semifinal groups; however, they lost all three games there. In the 7th/8th place classification match, they defeated Bulgaria 59–29 to finish seventh of the fourteen teams.
Eurobasket 1953.
Hungary's next appearance, at Eurobasket 1953 in Moscow, resulted in the team's second Eurobasket medal. Their preliminary group included hosts and defending champions Soviet Union, who gave Hungary their only loss in the pool. Their 2–1 record put Hungary in second in the pool and advanced them to the final round. There, they lost again to the Soviets as well as fellow perennial powers Czechoslovakia and France. Hungary beat the other four teams in the round, however, and their 4–3 record put them in a tie with Czechoslovakia, France, and Israel. The Hungarians came out on top of the tie-breaker, finishing an overall second place behind Soviet Union to take the silver medal.
Eurobasket 1955.
The next tournament, Eurobasket 1955, was hosted by Hungary in Budapest. The results of the preliminary round were hardly surprising for the Hungarians, as they won all three of their games to proceed to the final round. Their first game in that round was against Czechoslovakia, and the Hungarians quickly found themselves in the bottom half of the final round group with a 75–65 loss. Their next four games, however, were much different and Hungary defeated Poland, Italy, Bulgaria and Yugoslavia to rise to 4–1. This put them in a tie for the lead of the group with the Soviet Union, who had also lost to Czechoslovakia.
In a game that was never particularly close, the Hungarians handed the Soviets only their second loss, 82–68, in 34 games and 4 Eurobasket tournaments. Hungary advanced to 5–1, in sole lead of the pool, which they never relinquished as they defeated Romania to finish at 6–1 with the gold medal.
Eurobasket 1957.
After a narrow victory over Romania in the preliminary round of Eurobasket 1957, the Hungarians cruised to a 3–0 record in the round to advance to the final round. There, they lost in turn to each of the other three preliminary pool winners, finishing at 4–3 in the round to take 4th place overall.
Roster.
This is preliminary rooster for FIBA EuroBasket 2013 qualification.
<noinclude>
<noinclude/>
Past rosters.
1935 EuroBasket: finished 9th among 10 teams
Ferenc Velkei, Zoltan Csanyi, Ferenc Kolozs, Sandor Nagy, Laszlo Rozsa, Istvan Szamosi, Emil Kozma, Tibor Lehel, Sandor Lelkes, Zoltan Szunyogh (Coach: Istvan Kiraly)
1939 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 8 teams
Ferenc Velkei, Zoltan Csanyi, Istvan Szamosi, Sandor Csanyi, Janos Szabo, Geza Bajari, Geza Kardos, Aba Szathmary, Janos Gyimesi, Gyula Stolpa (Coach: Istvan Kiraly)
1946 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 10 teams
Ferenc Nemeth, Tibor Mezőfi, Ferenc Velkei, Geza Kardos, Gyorgy Nagy, Laszlo Kiralyhidi, Geza Racz, Ede Vadászi, Geza Bajari, Antal Bankuti (Coach: Istvan Kiraly)
1947 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 14 teams
Ferenc Nemeth, Tibor Mezőfi, Geza Bajari, Istvan Timar, Ede Vadászi, Gyula Toth, Geza Kardos, Ervin Kassai, Bela Bankuti, Laszlo Kiralyhidi, Laszlo Nadasdy, Antal Bankuti (Coach: Istvan Kiraly)
1948 Olympic Games: finished 16th among 23 teams
Tibor Mezőfi, Gyorgy Nagy, Tibor Zsíros, Geza Kardos, Jozsef Kozma, Istvan Timar, Attila Timar, Janos Halasz, Istvan Lovrics, Ede Vadászi, Antal Bankuti, Laszlo Novakovszky
1952 Olympic Games: finished 16th among 23 teams
János Greminger, Tibor Mezőfi, Tibor Zsíros, László Hódi, Laszlo Banhegyi, Pál Bogár, János Simon, Tibor Cselkó, Peter Papp, Tibor Czinkán, Gyorgy Bokor, Ede Komáromi, Gyorgy Telegdy
1953 EuroBasket: finished 2nd among 17 teams
János Greminger, Tibor Mezőfi, László Hódi, Janos Hodi, Tibor Zsíros, Laszlo Banhegyi, János Simon, Tibor Cselkó, Tibor Remai, Peter Papp, Tibor Czinkán, Pál Bogár, Gyorgy Bokor, Ede Komáromi (Coach: Janos Pader)
1955 EuroBasket: finished 1st among 18 teams
János Greminger, Tibor Mezőfi, Laszlo Toth, Janos Hodi, Tibor Czinkán, Janos Dallos, Tibor Zsíros, Laszlo Banhegyi, Janos Bencze, László Hódi, Peter Papp, Pál Bogár, Tibor Cselkó, János Simon (Coach: Janos Pader)
1957 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 16 teams
János Greminger, Laszlo Toth, Tibor Zsíros, Laszlo Gabanyi, Laszlo Banhegyi, János Simon, Istvan Liptai, Tibor Czinkán, Janos Bencze, Pal Borbely, Zoltan Judik, Ervin Keszey, Istvan Sahin-Toth (Coach: Zoltan Csanyi)
1959 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 17 teams
János Greminger, Tibor Zsíros, Laszlo Gabanyi, Tibor Czinkán, János Simon, Laszlo Banhegyi, Arpad Glatz, Janos Bencze, Otto Temesvari, Zoltan Judik, Miklos Bohaty, Merenyi (Coach: Janos Pader)
1960 Olympic Games: finished 9th among 16 teams
János Greminger, Tibor Zsíros, Laszlo Banhegyi, János Simon, Laszlo Gabanyi, Istvan Liptai, Arpad Glatz, Otto Temesvari, Janos Bencze, Gyorgy Polik, Zoltan Judik, Miklos Bohaty (Coach: Janos Pader)
1961 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 19 teams
Laszlo Gabanyi, Janos Bencze, Istvan Liptai, Otto Temesvari, Istvan Sahin-Toth, Gabor Kulcsar, Geza Gyulai, Gyorgy Polik, Janos Tuboly, Miklos Bohaty, Jozsef Kovacs, Valer Banna (Coach: Janos Pader)
1963 EuroBasket: finished 4th among 16 teams
János Greminger, János Simon, Laszlo Gabanyi, Janos Bencze, Otto Temesvari, Arpad Glatz, Pal Koczka, Gyorgy Polik, Tibor Kangyal, Gyorgy Vajdovics, Jozsef Prieszol, Miklos Bohaty (Coach: Tibor Zsíros)
1964 Olympic Games: finished 13th among 16 teams
János Greminger, Laszlo Gabanyi, Janos Bencze, Arpad Glatz, Tibor Kangyal, Gyorgy Polik, Miklos Bohaty, Janos Racz, Andras Haan, Jozsef Prieszol, Pal Koczka, Odon Lendvay (Coach: Tibor Zsíros)
1965 EuroBasket: finished 15th among 16 teams
Gyorgy Polik, Janos Racz, Matyas Ranky, Jozsef Toth, Pal Koczka, Laszlo Koranyi, Odon Lendvay, Laszlo Orbay, Istvan Fekete, Ferenc Haris, Valer Banna, Gabor Kulcsar (Coach: Tibor Zsíros)
1967 EuroBasket: finished 13th among 16 teams
Imre Nyitrai, Laszlo Gabanyi, Tibor Kangyal, Gyorgy Polik, Jozsef Prieszol, Valer Banna, Laszlo Orbay, Laszlo Koranyi, Jozsef Kovacs, Istvan Halmos, Odon Lendvay, Gabor Kulcsar (Coach: Janos Szabo)
1969 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 12 teams
Laszlo Gabanyi, Jozsef Kovacs, Istvan Banhegyi, Jozsef Prieszol, Valer Banna, Laszlo Orbay, Szabolcs Hody, Istvan Hegedus, Odon Lendvay, Istvan Gyurasits, Tamas Palffy, Sandor Geller (Coach: Rezso Eszeki)
1999 EuroBasket: finished 14th among 16 teams
Kornél Dávid, Robert Gulyas, István Németh, Laszlo Czigler, Laszlo Kalman, Rolland Halm, Erno Sitku, Tibor Pankar, Tamas Bencze, Zoltan Boros, Laszlo Orosz, Zalan Meszaros (Coach: Lajos Meszaros)

</doc>
<doc id="2858636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858636" title="Boutique">
Boutique

A boutique is a small shopping outlet, especially one that specializes in elite and fashionable items such as clothing and jewelry. The word is French for "shop", via Latin from Greek ἀποθήκη ("apothēkē"), "storehouse".
The term entered into everyday English use in the late 1960s when, for a brief period, London was the centre of the fashion trade. Carnaby Street and the Kings Road were the focus of much media attention as home to the most fashionable boutiques of the era.
Also referred to as lejolie boutique meaning beautiful sounding relaxed. Boutique is a beautiful version of a shop, and also a relaxed version of shop.
It can also refer to a specialised firm such as a boutique investment bank or boutique law firm. The word is often used to describe a property in the independent section of the hotel market (such as The Rockwell in London) in order to distinguish themselves from larger chains (such as Hilton Hotels). In such cases the establishments aim to convey the idea that the operation is elite and highly specialised.
In the strictest sense of the word, boutiques would be one-of-a-kind but more generally speaking, some chains can be referred to as boutiques if they specialize in particular styles.
Recently, the term "boutique" has started being applied to normally-mass-market items that are either niche or produced in intentionally small numbers at very high prices. This may be referred to as boutique manufacturing. For example, before the release of the Wii, a "Time Magazine" article suggested that Nintendo could become a "boutique video-game company", producing games for niche audiences, rather than trying to compete directly with Microsoft and Sony.
Although some boutiques specialize in hand-made items and other truly one-of-a-kind items, others simply produce t-shirts, stickers, and other fashion accessories in artificially small runs and sell them at high prices.
In late 1990s some European retail traders developed the idea of tailoring a shop towards a lifestyle theme, in the form of "concept stores", which specialised in cross-selling without using separate departments. One of the first concept stores was 10 Corso Como in Milan, Italy followed by Colette in Paris and Quartier 206 in Berlin. Several well-known American chains such as Urban Outfitters, D-A-S-H, and The Gap, Australian chain Billabong and, though less common, Lord & Taylor adapted to the concept store trend after 2000.
Non-standard uses of the word.
There was a store that sold computer software, name games, of which was called "Electronics Boutique", though this later changed to EB Games,

</doc>
<doc id="2858647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858647" title="Rave On!">
Rave On!

"Rave On" is a 1958 song written by Sonny West, Bill Tilghman and Norman Petty, first recorded by Sonny West (released February 1958, Atlantic 45-1174). The hit version was recorded later that same year by Buddy Holly, and was one of his six songs that charted in 1958. Holly is instantly recognizable as the artist; the record begins with the drawn-out "Well…" as stylized by Holly's trademark hiccup ("Weh-uh-heh-uh-ell…").
Most of Holly's records were produced by his manager Norman Petty in New Mexico, but "Rave On" was recorded in New York by producer-bandleader Milton DeLugg. Holly's rendition is ranked #154 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's 2004 list of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time. The title was inspired by the 1956 Sun Records recording "Dixie Fried" by Carl Perkins, which uses the refrain "rave on."
Other versions.
"Rave On" has also been covered by Bruce Springsteen with the E Street Band, Commander Cody, Status Quo, M. Ward, and folk-rock band Steeleye Span. It was a hit for The Delta Cross Band in Denmark in 1980.
In Australia in the early 1990s, the song was also used as comical background music for an Arnott's Shapes commercial. The song also partly features in the 1998 motion picture "Pleasantville".
Joe Meek produced a version with singer Michael Cox, released in 1964 (b/w "Just Say Hello" HMV POP1293 A).
John Mellencamp also recorded a version for the "Cocktail" soundtrack in 1988.
The Real Kids recorded a cover version on their 1977 self-titled album.
Nitty Gritty Dirt Band recorded a cover version on their 1970 album Uncle Charlie & His Dog Teddy.
In an interview, the Danish rock band The Raveonettes stated that their name is "a complete direct reference to The Ronettes and Buddy Holly "Rave On"."
M. Ward recorded a cover of the song on his 2009 album "Hold Time".
Denny Laine, guitarist of Wings and Moody Blues fame, covered the song on his 1977 Buddy Holly tribute Album Holly Days, produced by Paul McCartney.
Marshall Crenshaw covered the song live, which was released as a bonus track on the reissue of his self-titled album.
Julian Casablancas covered the song for the 2011 Buddy Holly tribute album Rave on Buddy Holly.

</doc>
<doc id="2858663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858663" title="Paracatu, Minas Gerais">
Paracatu, Minas Gerais

Paracatu is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.
History.
Before the arrival of the Portuguese in the Americas, the central portion of Brazil was occupied by indigenous Macro-Ge linguistic branch, as acroás the xacriabás, the Xavante, the Kayapo, the Javaés, etc.
Paracatu since 1586, was known to Europeans first traveled through the city flag: Flag of Domingos Luis Grau. Subsequently, other successive flags passed through the region, such as Antonio Macedo (1590), Domingos Rodrigues (1596), Domingos Fernandes (1599) and Nicholas Baker (1602-1604). However the village actually came with the arrival of the flags of Philibert Brant Caldera and José Rodrigues Fróis with the discovery of abundant deposits of gold and silver despite a certain type of settlement, with the cycle of leather, have started earlier. So the Camp of St. Louis and St. Anne of the Paracatu Mine came. 
The title of Villa Paracatu Prince was given by royal charter, Dona Maria, Queen of Portugal on October 20, 1798, meeting of the Overseas Council consultation. Belonged to the County of Rio das Velhas, headquartered in Sabara and was renamed Vila is the Paracatu Prince. The same license, was created in the village, the place of judge outsiders, civil, criminal and orphans "with wages and emoluments which wins the judge outside of Mariana." 
By letter regia of March 4, 1799, "His Majesty has served to make the Mercy Bachelor José Gregorio de Moraes Navarro's place of Juiz de Fora" Villa Paracatu, taking this office on December 14, 1799. First City Council was sworn in December 18, 1799 and her belonged the sergeant-major councilors Manuel José de Oliveira Guimarães, Francisco Dias Duarte, Captain John Smith and the prosecutor Paranhos chamber Luis José de Carvalho. 
In 1840 Paracatu is elevated to the city and becomes the head of the District of Paracatu (capital), which included in its territory today as cities such Uberlândia, Minas Triangle, and cities north of Minas. 
According to Public File Miner Magazine, in 1800, the town had 17,450 inhabitants in total. Of these, 1 935 were whites, mulattos 6335 and 3637 were free blacks. There were still captives, 327 mulattoes and blacks 5216. 
Paracatu is one of the historic towns of Minas Gerais. It has around its territory five Quilombo, which still preserve their culture, considered the richest in the state of Minas Gerais ones. 
The town has been developed as a major tourist and cultural center, having been overthrown in 2010 by the Institute of National Historical and Artistic Heritage (IPHAN), as Brazilian cultural heritage.
The economy.
The economy is centered on cattle raising with 231,000 head (1996). The main breeds are: Zebu (Gir, Indu-Brasil, Guzerá and Nelore), Girolanda, Frisian and Brown-Swiss. There is also large production of soybeans, corn, rice, beans, and also some coffee. 
Paracatu is the commercial center for an area one third the size of Portugal. In 2006 there were 6 banking branches: Banco do Brasil, Itaú, Bradesco, Banco Mercantil, Banco Bamerindus, and Caixa Econômica Federal. The GDP was R$ 754,090,000 (2005).
In 1978 the municipality began to receive investments from the Brazilian and the Japanese government to develop the cerrado soils, through the PRODECER-Programa de Cooperação Nipo-Brasileiro para o Desenvolviemnto do Cerrado.
Because of new technologies used to develop the cerrado, agriculture in Paracatu became efficient and profitable in many properties. Nowadays, the cultivated area in the municipality surpasses 1000 square kilometres, with 300 square kilometres irrigated by central pivot sprinklers. This number has raised Paracatu to the position of greatest continuous area irrigated by center pivot irrigation in South America, using 318 center pivot sprinklers.
Agricultural data.
In 2006 there were 995 rural producers with total agricultural land of 389,095 ha. Of the total 85,000 ha. were planted, 180,000 ha. were in natural pasture, and 113,000 were in forest or woodland. Around 4,500 persons were employed in agriculture. There were 768 tractors. The planted area of some of the main crops in hectares was:
Mining.
In Paracatu, gold has been mined since 1722. The Morro do Ouro (Paracatu) open-pit mine is operated by Rio Paracatu Mineração (RPM), a 100% owned subsidiary of the Canadian company Kinross Gold Corporation. The gold content of the ore is comparatively low, about 0.41 gram of gold for every ton of ore extracted. 
Annual production is about 15 tonnes of gold and 5 tonnes of silver.
Quilombola population.
Many quilombola (descendants of escaped slaves) communities live in and near Paracatu, often in poverty.
Health and education.
In 2005 there were 29 health establishments, 19 of which were public and 10 of which were private.
There was 1 hospital with 139 beds. The score on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.760. This ranked Paracatu 207 out of 853 municipalities in the state, with Poços de Caldas in first place with 0.841 and Setubinha in last place with 0.568.
Paracatu has 4 faculties with undergraduation and graduation courses: Faculdade Tecsoma, FINOM – Faculdade do Noroeste de Minas, Faculdade Unimontes, and Faculdade Atenas.

</doc>
<doc id="2858678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858678" title="Romania national basketball team">
Romania national basketball team

The Romanian national basketball team is the basketball side that represents Romania in international competitions. Romania has 17 appearances for the EuroBasket competition and reached two time the 5th place, but never managed to qualify for the Basketball World Championship. Romania played once for the Basketball Olympic Tournament, in 1952.
Romania is one of the founding members of the International Federation of Basketball (FIBA) and has one of the world's longest basketball traditions.
Competitions.
Eurobasket 1935.
The Romanian side came in tenth and last place at the first European basketball championship, the Eurobasket 1935 held by the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Europe continental federation. They lost all three of their games; 42-9 to Switzerland, 66-23 to France, and 24-17 to Hungary.
Eurobasket 1947.
Romania returned to the European championships twelve years later, in Eurobasket 1947. They had a record of 1-2 in their preliminary round, eliminating them from championship contention but giving them their first Eurobasket win. The Romanians added two more in the classification semifinal, defeating Austria and Albania. This put them in a classification match against Italy for 9th and 10th places, which Romania lost 55-39. Romania thus placed tenth again, but this time they had outranked four teams to do so.
Eurobasket 1951.
The Romanian team entered Eurobasket 1951 in Paris, but withdrew before any games were played, so official records gave them three preliminary round losses, each with a score of 2-0.
Summer Olympics 1952.
Romania managed to qualify for the 1952 Summer Olympics from Helsinki, finishing 23rd. It was the first and the last qualification for a Basketball Olympic Tournament.
Eurobasket 1953.
Eurobasket 1953 in Moscow was the next European tournament in which the Romanians actually played. They took 3rd of 4 teams in their preliminary group with a 1-2 record, moving on to the classification rounds. They won 3 of their 4 games there, finishing in a three-way tie for the top spot of the group. They lost out on the tiebreaker, though, and were relegated to the 13-16 semifinals. Winning that game and their next, the Romanians finished in 13th place of the 17 teams in the tournament.
Eurobasket 1955.
Romania was much more successful two years later, at Eurobasket 1955 in Budapest. A preliminary round loss to the Soviet Union mattered little, as Romania won their other three preliminary games to take second place in the group behind the Soviets and advance to the final round along with them. There, they won games against Poland and Yugoslavia to finish 2-5 in 7th place in the 18-team tournament.
Eurobasket 1957.
Romania came within a single point of winning their preliminary pool at Eurobasket 1957 in Sofia, losing to Hungary in the narrow match. They beat their other two opponents, putting them in second place in the pool and advancing them to the final round. Their match in that round against Hungary was not as close, and the Romanians also lost to the other three pool winners to finish at 3-4 in 5th place.
Past rosters.
1935 EuroBasket: finished 10th among 10 teams
Samy Grunstein, Nae Alexandrescu, Nicu Grozavescu, M.Bercus, O.Belitoreanu, C.Riegler, E.Dumitrescu, Balteanu (Coach: C. O. Lecca)
1947 EuroBasket: finished 10th among 14 teams
Vasile Popescu, Alexandru Popescu, Constantin Herold, C.Babaliescu, N.Badulescu, P.Marossi, S.Ferencz, H.Dlugos, A.Neagu, Gh.Teodorescu, H.Kevorkian, S.Sadeanu, I.Vulescu (Coach: C.Virgolici)
1952 Olympic Games: finished 23rd among 23 teams
Dan Niculescu, Mihai Nedef, Vasile Popescu, Adrian Petrosanu, Constantin Herold, Andrei Folbert, Liviu Nagy, Emanoil Raducanu, Cezar Niculescu, Corneliu Calugareanu, Grigore Costescu, Gheorghe Constantinide, Ladislau Mokos
1953 EuroBasket: finished 13th among 17 teams
Mihai Nedef, Andrei Folbert, Dan Niculescu, Adrian Petrosanu, Alexandru Fodor, Liviu Nagy, Vasile Kadar, Emanoil Raducanu, Cezar Niculescu, Trajan Lita, Mihai Erdogh, Corneliu Calugareanu (Coach: Alexandru Popescu)
1955 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 18 teams
Mihai Nedef, Andrei Folbert, Dan Niculescu, Emil Niculescu, Alexandru Fodor, Emanoil Raducanu, Vasile Kadar, Liviu Nagy, Mihai Erdogh, Marian Spiridon, R.Popovici, E.Ganea, C.Cojocaru (Coach: Vasile Popescu)
1957 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 16 teams
Mihai Nedef, Emil Niculescu, Alexandru Fodor, Emanoil Raducanu, Mihai Erdogh, Liviu Nagy, Andrei Folbert, Grigore Costescu, Armand Novacek, A.Beretchi, A.Borbelly (Coach: Alexandru Popescu)
1959 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 17 teams
Alexandru Fodor, Mihai Nedef, Emil Niculescu, Andrei Folbert, Grigore Costescu, Cristian Popescu, Mihai Popa, Emeric Vizi, Armand Novacek, Feodor Nedelea, Dragos Nosievici, L.Toth (Coach: Constantin Herold)
1961 EuroBasket: finished 7th among 19 teams
Mihai Albu, Armand Novacek, Mihai Nedef, Emil Niculescu, Cristian Popescu, Nicolae Viciu, Horia Demian, Aurel Popovici, Pavel Visner, Gheorghe Valeriu, Horatiu Giurgiu, Dragos Nosievici (Coach: Constantin Herold)
1963 EuroBasket: finished 11th among 16 teams
Mihai Albu, Emil Niculescu, Mihai Nedef, Horatiu Giurgiu, Cristian Popescu, Gheorghe Valeriu, Mihai Kiss, Dragos Nosievici, Pavel Visner, Horia Demian, Mircea Cimpeanu, Marian Spiridon (Coach: Vasile Popescu)
1965 EuroBasket: finished 13th among 16 teams
Mihai Albu, Alin Savu, Mihai Nedef, Cristian Popescu, Horia Demian, Marian Spiridon, Dragos Nosievici, Gheorghe Novac, Ekehardt Iecheli, Aurel Popovici, N.Ionescu (Coach: Vasile Popescu)
1967 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 16 teams
Mihai Albu, Alin Savu, Horia Demian, Cristian Popescu, Titus Tarau, Gheorghe Novac, Dragos Nosievici, Nicolae Birsan, Radu Diaconescu, Gheorghe Barau, Adolf Cernea, Ekehardt Iecheli (Coach: Alexandru Popescu)
1969 EuroBasket: finished 9th among 12 teams
Mihai Albu, Gheorghe Novac, Dragos Nosievici, Titus Tarau, Radu Diaconescu, Petru Czmor, Matei Ruhting, Vasile Popa, Radu Dragomirescu, Ekehardt Iecheli, Adolf Cernea, Mihai Dimancea (Coach: Alexandru Popescu)
1971 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 12 teams
Mihai Albu, Alin Savu, Dan Niculescu, Titus Tarau, Radu Diaconescu, Gheorghe Cimpeanu, Vasile Popa, Mircea Chivulescu, Nicolae Parsu, Gheorghe Oczelak, Dan Georgescu, Constantin Dragomirescu (Coach: Alexandru Popescu)
1973 EuroBasket: finished 9th among 12 teams
Dan Niculescu, Gheorghe Novac, Titus Tarau, Gheorghe Oczelak, Vasile Popa, Radu Diaconescu, Mircea Chivulescu, Nicolae Parsu, Gheorghe Cimpeanu, Nicolae Manaila, Dan Georgescu, Costel Cernat (Coach: Alexandru Popescu)
1975 EuroBasket: finished 11th among 12 teams
Gheorghe Novac, Titus Tarau, Dan Niculescu, Vasile Popa, Radu Diaconescu, Dan Moisescu, Nicolae Parsu, Dan Georgescu, Costel Cernat, Gheorghe Oczelak, Georghe Mihuta, Vasile Zdrenghea (Coach: Mihai Nedef)
1985 EuroBasket: finished 10th among 12 teams
Dan Niculescu, Alexandru Vinereanu, Costel Cernat, Attila Szabo, Viorel Constantin, Ioan Ionescu, Victor Jacob, Marian Marinache, Roman Opsitaru, Anton Netolitzchi, Florentin Ermurache, Doru Radulescu (Coach: Gheorghe Novac)
1987 EuroBasket: finished 12th among 12 teams
Constantin Popa, Dan Niculescu, Alexandru Vinereanu, Gabriel David, Costel Cernat, Ioan Ionescu, Petre Branisteanu, Anton Netolitzchi, Florentin Ermurache, Sorin Ardeleanu (Coach: Gheorghe Novac)

</doc>
<doc id="2858679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858679" title="Tau Aquarii">
Tau Aquarii

The Bayer designation Tau Aquarii (τ Aqr / τ Aquarii) is shared by two star systems, in the constellation Aquarius:
They are separated by 0.65° on the sky.
All of them were member of asterism 羽林軍 (Yǔ Lín Jūn), "Palace Guard", "Encampment" mansion.

</doc>
<doc id="2858688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858688" title="Ivan Zorman">
Ivan Zorman

Ivan Zorman (1885-1957) was a Slovene poet and composer.
Ivan Zorman's family emigrated from Yugoslavia to the USA when he was four years old. After returning to Yugoslavia for one year, when he was ten years old, Zorman immersed himself in the study of the Slovene language and culture. He graduated from Western Reserve University with degrees in language, literature and music. He went on to teach organ, piano, and voice for Slovene societies while serving as an organist at St. Lawrence Catholic Church. (Crooked River Journal, Issue 4, Cleveland Cultural Gardens)
While Zorman’s poetry became successful in the USA, it went largely unnoticed in his homeland of Yugoslavia. However, in 1933, his poems became more popular and he was acknowledged as a legitimate writer in the Slovene language. “In 1938, his 5th book of poetry, From the New World, received honorable mention in the Jugoslav University Club at the Hollenden Hotel. Zorman eventually wrote 6 volumes of poetry and translated many others.” (The Encyclopedia of Cleveland History)
Ivan Zorman contributed to the Cleveland Cultural Gardens project through his translation of the Yugoslav Cultural Garden (now the Slovenian Cultural Garden) piece found in the book, "Their Paths Are Peace" by Clara Lederer. In 1959, Zorman’s daughter, Carmen, dedicated a memorial bust to her father in Gardens. 

</doc>
<doc id="2858689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858689" title="Ed Turner (television executive)">
Ed Turner (television executive)

Ed Turner (c.1934–2002) was a CNN executive vice president and one of the first people Ted Turner hired in 1980 to help make his dream of a 24/7 news network a reality.
Turner—no relation to Ted Turner—was a well-known figure throughout the industry for his approach to news. A veteran journalist, Turner served as Metromedia's corporate news director before joining United Press International Television News. After UPITN, Turner moved to CBS where he produced the "CBS Morning News" show. Turner served at CNN until 1998, when he left his position as vice president in charge of news-gathering. He died of cancer in 2002 at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="2858694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858694" title="Bartošovice v Orlických horách">
Bartošovice v Orlických horách

Bartošovice v Orlických horách () is a village in Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 210 inhabitants.
History.
The place was first settled between 1539 and 1557 as the first settlement of the Erlitztales. The first noted mention of the village was in 1957.
In September 1793, the church, St. Mary Magdalene, in the center of the village was burned to the ground after being struck by lightning. On August 4, 1906, the church built to replace the original was also destroyed by lightning. It was again rebuilt using funds donated by Oskar Parish baron von Senftenberg.
The village's elementary school was built in 1892. 
In 1918, this area belonged to Austria Hungary. Between 1938 and 1945 it was considered Sudetenland. The Germans were driven out by the Beneš decrees in 1945/46.

</doc>
<doc id="2858696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858696" title="Tau1 Aquarii">
Tau1 Aquarii

Tau1 Aquarii (τ1 Aqr, τ1 Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. With an apparent visual magnitude of 5.66, it is a faint naked eye that requires dark suburban skies for viewing. Parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission yield a distance estimate of roughly from Earth.
τ1 Aquarii has a stellar classification of B9 V; right along the borderline between a B- and A-type main sequence star. It is around 100 million years old and has twice the Sun's radius. When examined in the infrared band, it displays an excess emission that is a characteristic of stars with an orbiting debris disk. Indeed, the model that best fits the data suggests there are two concentric circumstellar disks.

</doc>
<doc id="2858697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858697" title="Tau2 Aquarii">
Tau2 Aquarii

Tau2 Aquarii (τ2 Aqr, τ2 Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +4.0. This is an orange-hued giant star with a stellar classification of K5 III. The measured angular diameter, after correction for limb darkening, is . At an estimated distance of based on parallax measurements, this yields a physical size of about 53 times the radius of the Sun.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2858699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858699" title="Noel Spencer">
Noel Spencer

Noel Spencer (born 26 July 1977 in Wollongong, Australia) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Illawarra Premier League club Dapto Dandaloo Fury FC
Club career.
NSL.
Noel played for his hometown of Wollongong from 1996–2000 and was part of Wollongong Wolves championship-winning team of the 1999/2000 season. After the championship win Noel left for Northern Spirit which he played for and later captained until the NSL became defunct. During the period between the end of the NSL competition and the beginning of the A-League he played a season for Parramatta Eagles.
Central Coast Mariners.
Noel was the first captain of the Mariners, and took his team to the inaugural Hyundai A-League Grand Final, narrowly missing out on the honour of being the first captain to win the trophy. He scored on the opening day of the inaugural A-League season, away from home against Perth Glory, with a 30 yard drive from distance into the top right hand corner of the net. This goal was awarded the "Jesters' Pies Marinators' Goal of the Year" award at the end of the season. During the A-League 05-06 season he scored 6 goals and started in every single game for the Mariners. This record continued until Sunday 12 November when he was dropped because of injury which from the starting team against the Newcastle Jets. On Friday 26 January 2007 he along with Vuko Tomasevic and Wayne O'Sullivan were told that their contracts would not be renewed for the next season.
Sydney FC.
After being released by the Mariners, Noel signed a six-month contract with Sydney FC. He played for Sydney in the 2007 AFC Champions League.
Newcastle United Jets.
In May 2007 Noel Spencer signed a 2-year deal with the Newcastle United Jets as a replacement for Tim Brown. He made his A-League debut for the Jets when he came on as a substitute against Perth Glory on 26 August 2007. After the 2008-2009 A-league season he announced his retirement from professional football due injury.
Honours.
With Newcastle Jets:
With Wollongong Wolves:
With the Mater Miracles 2005

</doc>
<doc id="2858710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858710" title="Phi Aquarii">
Phi Aquarii

Phi Aquarii (φ Aqr, φ Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +4.223. Parallax measurements from the Hipparcos mission indicate its estimated distance from Earth is roughly .
This is a spectroscopic binary star system with an estimated period of 2,500 days. The primary component is a red giant star with a stellar classification of M1.5 III. The outer envelope of this evolved star has expanded to 39 times the size of the Sun. It is radiating 324 times the luminosity of the Sun at an effective temperature of 3,899 K, giving it the reddish hue of an M-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2858717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858717" title="Meseritz">
Meseritz

Meseritz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2858718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858718" title="List of The Goon Show episodes">
List of The Goon Show episodes

The following is a List of "The Goon Show" episodes. "The Goon Show" was a popular and influential British radio comedy series, originally produced by the BBC from 1951 to 1960 and broadcast on the BBC Home Service.
Availability of "The Goon Show" episodes.
Lost episodes.
Many of the earliest radio episodes no longer exist. No episodes from the first series survive. Only Episode 1 and 3 from the second series (1951–2) survive. Only one full episode and one ten minute extract from the third series survive. Only some of the episodes from the fourth series were selected for preservation in the BBC Sound Archive, and a few others exist only as off-air copies made by fans at the time of the original broadcast.
When the first episodes were broadcast, recording technology was still expensive and primitive, by later standards. Audio tape was not in general use, and any recordings were made directly on to acetate discs. These could be played back, but tended to wear out quickly and did not survive, unless further processed to create a master disc, which was only done for recordings intended for sale.
Surviving episodes.
Commencing with the start of the fifth series (in 1954), BBC Transcription Services began making copies for overseas sales, and even commissioned re-recordings of some key fourth series episodes for the "Vintage Goons" series, which was mainly intended for overseas markets.
Rather than making copies from the broadcast tapes, the BBC Transcription Services made their own recordings simultaneous with the broadcast recordings in order to obtain the best possible sound quality. These copies were then edited to match the producer's cut of the broadcast tapes.
The BBC Transcription Services versions were then cut to remove topical and parochial material and anything that might be potentially offensive (and "The Goon Show" did feature quite a lot of politically incorrect humour, much of it sneaked under the noses of BBC censors). Later BBC Transcription Services releases had further cuts for timing purposes. For many years these abridged versions were the only surviving copies of many episodes, but in recent years the BBC has attempted to find and restore missing material, with some, but limited, success.
To date, the BBC has released 30 CD sets of these re-mastered episodes (originally on audio cassette tapes), containing 120 shows, plus an additional CD set comprising The Last Goon Show of All and Goon Again. Another twelve shows had been previously issued by EMI, but for contractual reasons these were all heavily cut to remove musical interludes and other music cues, and to this day they are the only commercially available versions of those particular episodes. The 25th CD set, as well as the first of a new series of 'Goon Show Compendiums' (which contains the first 13 episodes of series 5), were released on 7 April 2008. The Compendiums' bonus material includes notes by Ted Kendall, audio researcher and restorer, on the sources used for the recordings, which include BBC Sound Archive and Transcription Services master tapes and discs, unofficial copies made by engineers or other BBC staff, and even domestic off-air recordings from which a few cut lines were restored.
Broadcasting.
Episodes of "The Goon Show" are still occasionally repeated on BBC Radio 2 or Radio 4 in the United Kingdom. More recently the show has become a regular feature on the digital radio station BBC Radio 4 Extra, which features both new material and archives from several decades of BBC comedy and drama.
The on-line station GoonShowRadio broadcasts most of these 100 episodes continuously.
The ABC Radio National network in Australia has regularly broadcast "The Goon Show" since the 1960s. For many years, the series was broadcast every Saturday afternoon, just after the midday news bulletin. More recently, it was broadcast twice a week, on Friday mornings and Sunday afternoons. The network took the series off the air in January 2004, but following listener response to the cancellation, broadcasts of the show resumed in the Friday time slot in June. The ABC's broadcasts of the series have made "The Goon Show" one of the most repeated and longest-running of all radio programmes.
The programme has been broadcast in the United States. NBC broadcast "The Goon Show" as early as the mid-1950s. Terry Gilliam of the Goon-influenced Monty Python comedy troupe recalled first hearing it broadcast on FM radio in New York City in the 1960s. When Vermont Public Radio signed on the air in 1977 (as a single station which has since evolved into a statewide network), the first program ever to air was an episode of "The Goon Show". The show was described as a "madcap radio comedy classic".
Episodes.
The following list of episodes of "The Goon Show" includes any "specials" and all episodes made for the BBC Transcription Service unaired domestically at the time (and therefore listed at the date of their recording).
Series overview.
One-off special shows
First series: "Crazy People" (1951).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, Michael Bentine, The Ray Ellington Quartet, The Stargazers, Max Geldray and the BBC Dance Orchestra, conducted by Stanley Black.
Announcer: Andrew Timothy
The shows were all recorded on a Sunday; episodes 1-9 were broadcast on Mondays, 10-17 were broadcast on Thursdays.
Second series (1952).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, Michael Bentine, The Ray Ellington Quartet, Max Geldray and the BBC Dance Orchestra, conducted by Stanley Black. The Stargazers were present for the first six shows only.
Announcer: Andrew Timothy
The shows were all recorded on a Sunday, except episodes 24 and 25; all episodes were broadcast on Tuesdays.
Third series (1952–53).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcer: Andrew Timothy
The shows were all broadcast on Tuesdays, with the exception of episode 7, a Christmas special.
Fourth series (1953–54).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcers: Andrew Timothy (Episodes 1–5) and Wallace Greenslade (Episodes 6–30, plus specials)
Episodes 1–20 were broadcast on Fridays; episodes 21–30 on Mondays.
Fifth series (1954–55).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcer: Wallace Greenslade
The shows were all broadcast on Tuesdays.
Sixth series (1955–56).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcer: Wallace Greenslade
The shows were all broadcast on Tuesdays.
Seventh series (1956–57).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcer: Wallace Greenslade
The shows were all broadcast on Tuesdays, except episodes 10 and 13, which were on Wednesdays.
Eighth series (1957–58).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcer: Wallace Greenslade
The shows were all broadcast on Mondays.
"Vintage Goons" series (1957–58).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcer: Wallace Greenslade
The following episodes were especially recorded for overseas stations only during the Eighth Series and were re-recordings of earlier episodes. Most of these episodes were not broadcast in the United Kingdom until the 1980s. Therefore, the dates listed in this series are recording dates.
"Six of these episodes were broadcast prior to the commencement of the Ninth series, which is the reason why the Ninth series was shorter."
Ninth series (1958–59).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcer: Wallace Greenslade
The shows were all broadcast on Mondays, except episode 12, which was on a Tuesday.
Tenth series (1959–60).
Cast: Peter Sellers, Harry Secombe, Spike Milligan, with Max Geldray and The Ray Ellington Quartet, conducted by Wally Stott.
Announcer: Wallace Greenslade
The shows were all broadcast on Thursdays.
Notes and references.
Notes
References

</doc>
<doc id="2858723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858723" title="Říčky v Orlických horách">
Říčky v Orlických horách

Říčky v Orlických horách () is a village in Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 90 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2858724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2858724" title="List of Auckland railway stations">
List of Auckland railway stations

This is a list of the railway stations in public transport network of Auckland. It includes closed and planned stations. Stations in bold are fare stage points.
Ownership and operation.
Station platforms on the Auckland suburban network are owned by KiwiRail, who are responsible for building stations. Structures on the platforms (station buildings, shelters, lights, signage etc) are owned by Auckland Transport, who are responsible for the operation and maintenance of stations.
The Britomart Transport Centre, Newmarket Railway Station and New Lynn Travel Centre are owned and managed by Auckland Transport.
Ticket office and platform staff, as well as train operating staff, are employed by Transdev Auckland, formerly Veolia Transport.
Train services using stations in Auckland include suburban trains, which are owned by Auckland Transport and operated by Transdev, and the Northern Explorer long-distance train to Wellington operated by KiwiRail.
New stations.
A totally new station in Manukau Central (at the end of the new Manukau Branch) was opened in April 2012.
Preparation work for a new station at Parnell (on the existing Western/Southern Lines) commenced in 2012, with the intention for opening for services with the introduction of EMU train services in 2014. 
New stations at Walters Road and Drury are currently (2012) being sought by the Papakura Local Board.

</doc>
