<doc id="2868214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868214" title="Nguyễn Hợp Đoàn">
Nguyễn Hợp Đoàn

Nguyễn Hợp Đoàn (28 August 1928 - 15 April 2002) was to be the last Mayor of Saigon, the capital of South Vietnam and Governor of Gia Dinh Province, before the fall of Saigon that led to the reunification of Vietnam under the Communist party in 1975.
Family.
Born in Hai Duong Province in 1928 to Nguyễn Thúc Vinh, a former Governor of Bac Can Province in North Vietnam. The senior Nguyen nearly captured Ho Chi Minh early in Ho's career. For his efforts, Ho's comrades tortured and killed Nguyen's mother. Fiercely anticommunist, the family fled South at the partitioning of the country following the Geneva Accords of 1954.
Military career.
Nguyen attended the 4th class of the elite Vietnamese National Military Academy in Dalat, the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College (USACGSC) and the U.S. Army War College (USAWC). He was the youngest Major in the South Vietnamese Army at age 24. 
He served as Commanding Officer of 705th Battalion, Commanding Officer of 42nd Brigade, Commanding Officer of 14th Division and Chief of Staff of 9th Division. He also served as Chief of Staff of Vietnam's Rangers and Special Forces and participated in the highly successful Phoenix program. The program was designed to identify and "neutralize"—capture; induce to surrender; kill; or otherwise disrupt—the noncombatant infrastructure of Viet Cong (VCI) cadres who were engaged both in recruiting and training insurgents within South Vietnamese villages, as well as providing support to the North Vietnamese war effort.
Nguyen was Governor of Kontum Province from 1965-1970, where the communist Tet offensive of 1968 was soundly defeated. He excelled as a Military Officer and as a Public Servant, in his dual role as the Governor of the Military District of Tuyen Duc, and as Mayor of the provincial capital city of Dalat from 1970-1975. During his tenure, Dalat was a safe haven. He built on its charm and beauty, and kept it a favorite honeymoon destination. Dalat was also a center of learning, with many boarding schools, universities, military academies and seminaries. South Vietnam's sole nuclear reactor and associated scientists and personnel were based in Dalat. In 1975, in the hope that he will bring tranquility to the capital city, President Nguyen Van Thieu appointed Nguyen its next mayor. He was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General and made plans to assume the mayorship.
Fall of Saigon.
At the closing of the war that led to the Fall of Saigon, Nguyen stood and fought while the neighboring Military District Chiefs ran without a fight, creating chaos as refugees poured into Saigon from the First and Second Corps. Along the way, the refugee column (now known as the "convoy of tears"), took heavy casualties as communist forces (North Vietnamese 340th Division) rained down artillery and killed thousands. Nguyen ordered his own withdrawal only after realizing that his city and district were isolated. Nguyen led an orderly retreat (always a difficult military maneuver), stayed with his troops, and saved many lives. He was resolutely honest and is fondly remembered by his constituency from the Central Highlands of Vietnam (Dalat and Tuyen Duc.) He had hopes of returning home. After spending more than twenty years in America, Nguyen still held on to his South Vietnamese citizenship. He died before seeing his country achieve full democracy.
Decorations and Badges.
Nguyen received numerous Medals, Honors and Citations including National Order of Vietnam, 4th Class (Bao Quoc Huan Chuong), ARVN (Army of the Republic of Vietnam) Joint Forces Order (Luc Quan Huan Chuong), Service Medal (Tham Muu Boi Tinh), Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal (Chien Dich Boi Tinh), 12 Gallantry Cross Medals (Anh Dung Boi Tinh) and the United States Silver Star and Bronze Star with "V" Device Medals.

</doc>
<doc id="2868229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868229" title="Posadis">
Posadis

In computing, Posadis is a GPL-licensed DNS server for Microsoft Windows and Unix that uses a zone file format that is compatible with BIND zone files. Posadis is part of a suite which includes graphical configuration and zone file management programs.
Posadis has IPv6 support.

</doc>
<doc id="2868241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868241" title="VHDA">
VHDA

The Virginia Housing Development Authority (VHDA) is a self-supporting, not-for-profit organization created by the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1972, to help Virginians attain quality affordable housing. Mortgages are funded by bonds issued by VHDA, not by taxpayer dollars, and are available for homebuyers and developers of quality rental housing. The group teaches free homeownership classes, and helps people with disabilities and the elderly make their homes more livable. VHDA works with lenders, developers, local governments, community service organizations.
Funding Sources.
Each year, VHDA raises funds through the capital markets to support lending for Single Family and Multifamily Loan programs. Investors purchase VHDA securities and loans, and this, in turn, generates their principal source of capital. These securities do not constitute a debt or obligation of the Commonwealth.
Organizational Structure.
VHDA is a quasi-government agency. The governor appoints an 11-member Board of Commissioners. However, the authority is self-supporting and does not use tax dollars to fund its lending programs. Susan F. Dewey, its executive director since 1999, heads a leadership team of nine divisional managers. VHDA has more than 300 full-time associates.

</doc>
<doc id="2868244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868244" title="HGW">
HGW

HGW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868248" title="SNOPT">
SNOPT

SNOPT (for 'Sparse Nonlinear OPTimizer') is a software package for solving large-scale optimization problems written by Philip Gill, Walter Murray and Michael Saunders. 
It is especially effective for nonlinear problems whose functions and gradients are expensive to evaluate. The functions should be smooth but need not be convex. 

</doc>
<doc id="2868250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868250" title="Saint Edward State Park">
Saint Edward State Park

Saint Edward State Park is a -park in Kenmore, Washington and Kirkland, Washington. It is part of the Washington State Park System. Before becoming a Catholic seminary and later a state park, the area was logged in the 19th century and again in the 1920s. A series of trails runs through the park for bicyclists and hikers. The forest canopy is primarily made up of the Coast Douglas-fir, Western Redcedar, Bigleaf Maple, Pacific Madrone and Western Hemlock. Its dense carpet includes many varieties of fern (mainly Western Sword Fern), shrub and moss. It is flanked on the west by an undeveloped beach on Lake Washington. The park surrounds the Saint Thomas Center, which houses Bastyr University.
Facilities.
Saint Edward Seminary.
The park's most singular feature is the Saint Edward Seminary, listed on the Washington State Heritage Register since 1997 and added in April 2007 to the National Register of Historic Places. This large, historic building has fallen into disrepair in recent years. It is not currently accessible to the public except by special arrangement, e.g. renting the refectory for special events.
Other facilities.
Other facilities include the indoor Carole Ann Wald Memorial Pool, which was built in the late 1960s with funding from a seminarian's family, and named after the seminarian's sister and donors' daughter. The pool has been operated in recent years by concessionaires and was mothballed December 31, 2009, pending a new operator and/or a greater consortium of support from SESP near-neighbor citizenry, municipalities, and other sponsors.
City of Kenmore, Evergreen Health, and Bastyr University helped underwrite the CAWM Pool from 2003-2008. In 2009 only Evergreen Health and Bastyr University were continuing partners.
The gymnasium and an outdoor stone sanctuary ("the Grotto") both date from the original 1930's construction period. A baseball field and a soccer field lay south of the seminary building.
The park boasts the largest children's playground in the state, built primarily by local volunteers in 2003. It was recently named one of the Top 5 playgrounds in Washington State.
The park is day-use only, and no camping is permitted. Dogs are allowed at Saint Edward State Park but state law requires that they be on a physical leash (8 feet or less) at all times.
Advocacy groups.
A local nonprofit group, Friends of Saint Edward State Park, is dedicated to encouraging the wise use and public enjoyment of the park. Membership is open to all.
Another citizen group, Saint Edward Environmental Learning Center (SEELC) is dedicated to creating a sustainable future through park preservation, community collaboration, and innovative educational experiences for all ages. The Kenmore Reporter covered SEELC's production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" as part of its environmental-education program, which consists of a variety of courses at Saint Edward State Park between Spring and Fall each year.
Renovation.
In 2005, Washington State Parks began a land use planning project for the park. Also known as "Classification and Management Planning (CAMP)", the project addresses overall visitor experiences, natural and cultural resources, use of the park’s buildings, recreation fields and trails, and other topics of interest to the community and customers.
Another citizens group, Citizens for Saint Edward State Park, has emerged to be a local platform for voicing concerns about the way the Park land is being used. 
A proposal by McMenamins to develop the main building into a hotel, restaurant, and conference center was withdrawn in spring of 2007 due to backlash from the Citizens for Saint Edward Park.
The State Legislature allocated $500,000 to evaluate the declining condition of the seminary building, and $500,000 toward much needed and previously deferred maintenance.
With the newly available injection of funding, State Parks began an RFQ process with architectural firms Spring 2007, moving forward toward a timely evaluation, creating an opportunity for a wider array of prospective uses.
Bassetti Architects were selected to evaluate and report on the Seminary building.
Ranger/Park Manager Mohammad Mostafavinassab reports (April 2008) that an additional $1.7 million is being funded for Phase 1 (repair/replace foundation and field drainage, and repair foundation), and to begin Phase 2 (Exterior repairs).
In 2010 Friends of Saint Edward State Park and Kenmore Heritage Society began working 
together on the Interpretive Sign project, drawing on KHS's experience with the Kenmore History Path 
at Log Boom Park.
History.
From the 1920s until 1977, the land on which Saint Edward State Park sits was owned by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle. From 1931, it was developed and used for a seminary by the Sulpician Order. The St. Edward Seminary was constructed in 1931, followed in 1958 by the Saint Thomas Seminary, and pool in 1969. Due to declining enrollments, the seminaries closed in 1977. Most of the land was sold to the state of Washington, with the support of then-governor Dixy Lee Ray.
The remainder of the land, which includes the Saint Thomas Seminary (now Saint Thomas Center) continued under the ownership of the archdiocese until November 2005, when its tenant, Bastyr University, completed their purchase of the property.

</doc>
<doc id="2868252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868252" title="Taqlid">
Taqlid

Taqlid or taqleed (Arabic تَقْليد "taqlīd") is an Arabic term in Islamic legal terminology. It literally means "to follow (someone)", "to imitate". In Islamic legal terminology it means to follow a mujtahid in religious laws and commandment as he has derived them, that is, following the decisions of a religious expert without necessarily examining the scriptural basis or reasoning of that decision, such as accepting and following the verdict of scholars of jurisprudence ("fiqh") without demanding an explanation of the processes by which they arrive at it, hence adherence to one of the classical schools ("madhhab") of jurisprudence. 
"Taqlid" may be contrasted with independent interpretation of legal sources by intellectual effort ("ijtihad").
Overview.
"Taqlīd" is an Arabic verbal noun based on the verb "qallada", literally "to place, to gird or to adorn with a necklace"("qilādah"). The term is believed to have originated from the idea of allowing oneself to be led "by the collar". One who performs "taqlid" is called a muqallid, whereas one who rejects "taqlid" is called a ghair-muqallid. Sheikh Shaamee Hanafi said it is "to take the statement of someone without knowing the evidence."
There are several verses ("ayat") in the Quran that forbid "taqlid" in matters of religion (5:104-5, 17:36, 21:52-54 43:22-24) though this is interpreted as referring only to fundamentals ("usul ad-din") and not to subsidiary elements ("furu `ad-din") such as details of law and ritual practices that can only be learned through extensive study. 
Following the Greater Occultation ("al-ghaybatu 'l-kubra") in 941 CE (329 AH), the Shia are obliged to observe "taqlid" in their religious affairs by following the teachings of a thinker ("mujtahid") or jurist ("faqih"). As of the 19th century the Shia "ulama" taught believers to turn to "a source of "taqlid"" ("marja' at-taqlid") "for advice and guidance and as a model to be imitated."

</doc>
<doc id="2868255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868255" title="Madonna di Loreto (Caravaggio)">
Madonna di Loreto (Caravaggio)

The Madonna of Loreto or "Pilgrim's Madonna" is a famous painting (1604–1606) by the Italian Baroque master Caravaggio, located in the Cavalletti Chapel of the church of Sant'Agostino, near the Piazza Navona in Rome. It depicts the apparition of the barefoot virgin and naked child to two peasants on a pilgrimage; or as some say it is the quickening of the iconic statue of the Virgin.
In 1603 the heirs of marquis Ermete Cavalletti, who had died on 21 July 1602, commissioned for the decoration of a family chapel a painting on the theme of the Madonna of Loreto. Putting into practice the marquis's will, the Cavaletti's on 4 September 1603 purchased a chapel in the church of Sant'Agostino in Rome.
Giovanni Baglione, a competing painter of lesser talent, but who had successfully obtained Caravaggio's jailing during a libel trial, said that the unveiling of this painting "caused the common people to make a great cackle ("schiamazzo") over it". The uproar was not surprising. The Virgin Mary, like her admiring pilgrims, is barefoot. The doorway or niche is not an exalted cumulus or bevy of putti, but a partly decrepit wall of flaking brick is visible. Only the merest halo sanctifies her and the baby. While beautiful, the Virgin Mary could be any woman, emerging from the night shadows. Like many of Caravaggio's Roman paintings, such as the "Conversion on the Way to Damascus" or the "Calling of St Matthew", the scene is a moment where everyday common man (or woman) encounters the divine, whose appearance is also not unlike that of a common man (or woman). The woman modelling Mary appears to be the same as that in the canvas in the Galleria Borghese: "The Madonna and Child with St. Anne (Dei Palafrenieri)" (1605).

</doc>
<doc id="2868261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868261" title="Ministry for the Environment (New Zealand)">
Ministry for the Environment (New Zealand)

The Ministry for the Environment (Māori: "Manatū Mō Te Taiao") (MfE) advises the New Zealand Government on environmental laws, policies, standards and guidelines. It was established in 1986 as part of the Environment Act 1986.
Description.
Since 1988, the Ministry of the Environment has coordinated New Zealand's interdepartmental policy response to climate change.
The Environmental Protection Authority was set up in 2011 to carry out some of the environmental regulatory functions of the MfE as well as other government departments.
In 1997 the Ministry released New Zealand's first State of the Environment report. This was followed up in 2008 by a second report titled "Environment New Zealand 2007". Chapter 13 of this report was removed before final publication but was leaked to the Green Party. After the media reported the existence of the omitted chapter the Ministry placed the contents on its website.
The Ministry for the Environment administer a number of environmental funds:
They also run the Green Ribbon Awards which have been given out by the Minister for the Environment since 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="2868262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868262" title="Glaser-Dirks DG-100">
Glaser-Dirks DG-100

__NOTOC__
The DG-100 of 1974 is the first sailplane manufactured by Glaser-Dirks, developed from the Akaflieg Darmstadt D-38, the Standard class sailplane was designed by Wilhelm Dirks.
Development.
The first model had an all-flying tailplane, with anti-balance tabs along the entire trailing edges, and a two-piece canopy (movable and fixed parts), built of GFRP (glass-reinforced fibreglass plastic)/foam sandwich materials and resin impregnated rovings for high strength parts. Successive developments included the DG-100G, DG-101 and DG-101G. Most models are available with water ballast bags in the wings.
The DG-101 and DG-101G had improvements such as a single-piece front-hinged canopy, improved crash resistant cockpit and a conventional tailplane (with fixed horizontal stabilizer and articulated elevator). There was also a club version of this sailplane with fixed landing gear. All models featured top-surface-only air brakes.
Some later models were also manufactured by the Elan company in Slovenia and can be identified by the word "ELAN" on the fuselage and rudder. The serial number of these gliders is prefixed with "E". 
Although these gliders were designed in the 1970s, they are still popular in the Club class and remain competitive in Sports class contests (which are handicapped).
The wing's control surface hookups are non-automatic and utilize L'Hotellier fittings, which must be secured by a secondary means such as a safety pin, safety wire, Uerling Sleeve or Wedekind Sleeve (See this web page
for more details on this subject).
The Glaser-Dirks Company declared bankruptcy, after which the newly organized company DG Flugzeugbau GmbH assumed responsibility for servicing the gliders.
Serial Numbering.
WERKNUMMERN-SYSTEN FÜR SEGELFLUGZEUGE UND MOTORSEGLER<br>
System of Serial Numbers for Glider and Motorglider
Example Serial Number: E.102.G.72
E - ELAN Manufacturer<br> 
102 - 102nd DG-100 built<br> 
G - DG-100G series<br> 
72 - 72nd built with damped elevator

</doc>
<doc id="2868276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868276" title="Elizabeth Bear">
Elizabeth Bear

Sarah Bear Elizabeth Wishnevsky (born September 22, 1971) is an American author. Writing under the name Elizabeth Bear, she works primarily in the genre of speculative fiction, and was a winner of the 2005 John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Short Story for "Tideline," and the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Novelette for "Shoggoths in Bloom." She is one of only five writers who have gone on to win multiple Hugo Awards for fiction after winning the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer (the others being C. J. Cherryh, Orson Scott Card, Spider Robinson, and Ted Chiang).
Life and career.
Bear is of Ukrainian and Swedish ancestry.
A native of Hartford, Connecticut, her "curriculum vitae" includes working as a "media industry professional," a stablehand, a fluff-page reporter, a maintainer of Microbiology procedure manuals for a 1,000-bed inner-city hospital, a typesetter and layout editor, a traffic manager for an import-export business, Emmanuel Labour, and "the girl who makes the donuts at The Whole Donut at three A.M."
She lived in Las Vegas, Nevada for some time (the setting for the short stories "One-Eyed Jack and the Suicide King", "Follow Me Light", and "This Tragic Glass"), but she returned to Connecticut in January 2006.
Her first novel "Hammered" was published in January 2005 and was followed by "Scardown" in July and "Worldwired" in November of the same year. The trilogy features Canadian Master Warrant Officer Jenny Casey, who is also the main character in the short story "Gone to Flowers". "Hammered" won the Locus Award for Best First Novel in 2006.
"The Chains That You Refuse", a collection of her short fiction, was published May 2006 by Night Shade Books. "Blood and Iron", the first book in the fantasy series entitled "The Promethean Age", debuted June 27, 2006. She is also a coauthor of the ongoing Shadow Unit website/pseudo-TV series.
In 2008, she donated her archive to the department of Rare Books and Special Collections at Northern Illinois University.
She is an instructor at the Viable Paradise writer's workshop and has taught at Clarion West Writers Workshop.
She is dating fantasy author Scott Lynch.
The opening quote in Criminal Minds episode "Lauren" (6.18) was a direct quote of the second and third lines of Bear's book "Seven for a Secret": "The secret to lying is to believe with all your heart. That goes for lying to yourself even more than lying to another."
She is one of the regular panellists on the Hugo Award winning podcast SF Squeecast.

</doc>
<doc id="2868289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868289" title="Conocephalum">
Conocephalum

Conocephalum is a genus of thallose liverworts in the order Marchantiales. The family Conocephalaceae consists of two known species and a number of cryptic species. This genus has worldwide distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="2868296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868296" title="Black barred danio">
Black barred danio

The black barred danio is a new species of "Danio" discovered in Burma by Tin Win in 2005, the only true danio not yet seen by hobbyists.
Still awaiting a scientific name, it is temporarily referred to as "Danio" sp. TW01. It is possibly a colour morph of "Danio feegradei" to which it is probably related, but indications are that it is a separate species.
References.
See http://www.danios.info/Contents/species/danio26.asp

</doc>
<doc id="2868301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868301" title="Acoustic Doppler current profiler">
Acoustic Doppler current profiler

An acoustic Doppler current profiler (ADCP or ADP) is a hydroacoustic current meter similar to a sonar, attempting to measure water current velocities over a depth range using the Doppler effect of sound waves scattered back from particles within the water column. The term ADCP is used synonymously for all kind of acoustic current meters although the abbreviation originates from the name of an instrument series by Teledyne. ADCPs have been commercially available since the late 1980s. The working frequencies range from 38 kHz to several megahertz.
Working principle.
ADCPs contain piezoelectric oscillators to transmit and receive sound signals. The traveling time of sound waves gives an estimate of the distance, the red or blue shift can be converted to a velocity. To measure 3D velocities, at least three vector components have to be estimated, this is why the instrument typically has four of them.
Further components of an ADCP are an electronic amplifier, a receiver, a mixer, a clock to measure the traveling time, a temperature sensor, a compass to know the relative rotation, and a pitch/roll sensor to know the horizontal. An analog-to-digital converter and a digital signal processor are required to sample the returning signal in order to determine the Doppler shift. A micro processor evaluates the sound velocity at the instrument position using the seawater equation of state, and uses this to estimate the velocities. This procedure assumes that the same density in the water column nearby is mainly determined by temperature, i.e. that the salinity has a preconfigured constant value. Finally, the results are saved on a memory card.
Applications.
Depending on the mounting, one can distinguish between side-listening, downward- and upward looking ADCPs. A bottom-mounted ADCP can measure the speed and direction of currents at equal intervals all the way to the surface. Mounted sideways on a wall or bridge piling in rivers or canals it can measure the current profile from bank to bank. In very deep water they can be lowered on cables from the surface.
The primary usage is for oceanography. The instruments can also be used in rivers and canals to measure continuously the discharge measurements.
Mounted on moorings within the water column or directly at the seabed, water current and wave studies may be performed. They can stay underwater for years at a time, the limiting factor is the lifetime of the battery pack. Depending on the nature of the deployment the instrument usually has the ability to be powered from shore, using the same umbilical cable for data communication. Deployment duration can be extended by a factor of three by substituting lithium battery packs for the standard alkaline packs.
Some harbor managers also use ADCPs to nowcast tides and local currents which helps them to optimize the ship traffic in a busy port.
Another application is the measurement of water flow through sewer pipes.
Bottom tracking.
By adjusting the signal processing, ADCPs can be employed as acoustic "doppler velocity log", this feature is usually called "bottom-track". Sound waves bouncing off the sea floor can be used to determine the velocity vector of the device. Combining this with a position fix, compass heading, and data from the acceleration sensors (typically by use of a Kalman filter), the position of the vehicle with the ADCP can be determined. This may help to navigate submarines, autonomous and remotely operated underwater vehicles.
Advantages and disadvantages.
The major advantage of ADCPs is no moving parts are used which may be subject to biofouling. Besides, a single instrument is enough to cover up to 1000 m of water column, this allows more accurate estimations of flow patterns.
However, the cost per device of roughly tens of thousands of euros is relatively high. Considering the assumptions made – constant temperature and salinity – the choice of a mechanical instrument might be more appropriate where one of the variables is non-constant, i.e. within the thermocline (depth range with prominent temperature gradient) or halocline (salinity changing with depth). NOTE: that when significant stratification is present, the horizontal velocities that are measured by the ADCP are correct, but the vertical velocities and the ranges to the cells could be in error by up to 3% if there is a 35psu difference across the thermocline.
As any acoustical instrument, it contributes to noise pollution in the ocean which may interfere with cetacean navigation and echolocation. The effect depends on the frequency and the power of the instrument but most ships already have one or more echo sounders which also contribute to noise pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="2868305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868305" title="Thomas Smith (finance professor)">
Thomas Smith (finance professor)

Thomas (Tom) Smith is an Australian finance academic. Smith has been a professor at the University of Queensland since 2012. Prior appointments were at the Australia National University (2003-2011), Australian Graduate School of Management (1995–2002) and Duke University (1988–1995).
He completed his PhD studies at Stanford Graduate School of Business, after undergraduate and postgraduate studies at the University of Queensland. Smith's research has been published in the leading financial economic journals, including the "Journal of Finance", "Journal of Financial Economics" and the "Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis". Current research includes work on stock volatility, market microstructure and dividend policy.

</doc>
<doc id="2868308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868308" title="Ying e Chi">
Ying e Chi

Ying e Chi (影意志) is a non-profit organization formed in 1997 by a group of independent filmmakers in Hong Kong. Independent film makers of Ying e Chi include Vincent Chui, Kwok Wai-lun, Charlie Lam and Lawrence Wong. Ying e Chi founded the Hong Kong Asian Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2868314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868314" title="TriGem Computer">
TriGem Computer

TriGem Computer Co, Ltd. (, "TG Sambo"), commonly known as TG or TriGem is a South Korean computer manufacturer headquartered in Ansan, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. It is South Korea's first native computer manufacturer.

</doc>
<doc id="2868329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868329" title="Sphaerocarpos">
Sphaerocarpos

Sphaerocarpos is a genus of plants known as bottle liverworts. There are eight or nine species in this genus.
Classification.
"Sphaerocarpos" is one of two genera in the Sphaerocarpaceae. The following species are currently recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="2868330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868330" title="Embassy of Singapore, Washington, D.C.">
Embassy of Singapore, Washington, D.C.

The Singaporean Embassy in Washington, D.C. is Singapore's main diplomatic mission to the United States. It is located at 3501 International Place Northwest, Washington, D.C.
The embassy also operates Consulates-General in San Francisco, New York City, and Honorary Consulates-General in Miami and Chicago.
The Ambassador is Ashok Kumar Mirpuri.

</doc>
<doc id="2868339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868339" title="Sphaerocarpaceae">
Sphaerocarpaceae

Sphaerocarpaceae is a family of liverworts known as bottle liverworts. Approximately ten species are included in this family, most of them in the genus "Sphaerocarpos", but one additional species in the genus "Geothallus". 

</doc>
<doc id="2868346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868346" title="Barney Rogers">
Barney Rogers

Barney Guy Rogers (born August 20, 1982 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman with a solid technique and a good range of judiciously applied attacking shots. He also bowls occasional offspin.
Rogers was born into a cricketing family and his dad must take credit for his technique. He is actually a natural right-hander but his father felt that you should have the stronger hand at the top of the handle and he switched him around. Rogers attended Brydon Country School and played in their 1st Eleven as an allrounder along with Sean Ervine. His secondary education was at St. John's College where he was captain of the first eleven.
Rogers was admitted to the CFX Academy in 2001 and impressed head coach David Houghton, playing as an opener in the Logan Cup and scoring four fifties in five games.
Rogers was selected to tour England in 2003 but did not do well at all and was sent home after the Test series. But his domestic form for Mashonaland was good and he made his ODI debut against West Indies at the end of the year. In three games as opener he scored a fifty in the match Zimbabwe won. Against Bangladesh, he played as opener and scored a fifty in the decisive third ODI victory. He then joined Heath Streak's rebellion and played no part in the ODI series against Sri Lanka, Australia and England. He was, along with Gavin Ewing and Charles Coventry the first player to settle the dispute with the board. He must have realised that as a young man he might only get this chance at high-class cricket.
Rogers made the tour to Bangladesh but looked out of touch in the Test series. It was in the ODI series that he showed his quality, scoring three fifties and taking three wickets as Zimbabwe unluckily lost 2-3 after being two up. He was named as man of the series and opened the batting in South Africa, his best score being 47 in the second ODI.
However, a row over contracts led to him being sidelined despite his excellent ODI record just before the New Zealand series in 2005. To date, he has not been recalled or offered a contract.
Rogers rates Harbhajan Singh, who he faced in a tour match for the CFX Academy as the toughest bowler he has ever faced. His cricketing heroes are Jacques Kallis, Gary Kirsten "for his ability to build an innings." and Sachin Tendulkar "Obviously". Rogers was good enough at field hockey to play at U20 level for Zimbabwe and his favourite recreation is spear fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="2868350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868350" title="1950 Australian National Airways Douglas DC-4 crash">
1950 Australian National Airways Douglas DC-4 crash

On 26 June 1950, a Douglas DC-4 Skymaster aircraft departed from Perth, Western Australia for an eight-hour flight to Adelaide, South Australia. It crashed 18 minutes after take-off, from Perth Airport. All but one of the 29 occupants were killed in the accident and the sole survivor died six days later. It was the worst civil aviation accident in Australia.
As the aircraft flew eastwards over the outer suburbs of Perth numerous witnesses observed that it was flying at a lower altitude than usual for the daily Skymaster services, and at least one of the engines was running roughly and backfiring at regular intervals. In the minutes before it crashed, witnesses heard a number of different engine noises – sometimes operating normally, sometimes all engine noise ceased, only to be replaced by a very loud, high-pitched scream. When the wrecked engines were examined many weeks after the accident a significant amount of corrosion product was found in the fuel system within two of the engines. After a preliminary investigation, Investigators from the Department of Civil Aviation believed the water responsible for the corrosion was also responsible for rough running of at least one engine, and ultimately temporary loss of power from all engines on at least one occasion. The Investigators did not find a likely source for the water.
All but one of the 29 occupants on board the aircraft died, either from multiple injuries and burns, or from incineration. One elderly male passenger survived the crash. The first rescuers at the crash site found him wandering about, dazed and distressed. He suffered serious burns and was admitted to hospital where he died six days later.
The accident became the subject of an Inquiry chaired by a Supreme Court judge. In the absence of evidence indicating the source of any water in the fuel, the Inquiry dismissed the submission that water was responsible for the accident. The Inquiry did not determine the cause of the accident but it made recommendations to enhance the safety of aircraft operations.
The flight.
The aircraft was the "Amana", a Douglas DC-4-1009 registered VH-ANA and the flagship of the Australian National Airways fleet. It flew for the first time on 28 January 1946 and was flown to Australia on 9 February 1946.
The "Amana" departed from Perth Airport at 9:55 pm for the 8-hour flight to Adelaide. On board were 24 passengers, 3 pilots and two air hostesses.
A radio report was received from the "Amana" at 10:00 pm advising it was on course and climbing to 9,000 feet. Nothing more was heard from the aircraft. As it flew east over the outer suburbs of Perth numerous people on the ground observed that it was flying unusually low, and heard at least one of its engines running roughly and backfiring repeatedly. "Amana" crashed at about 10:13 pm.
Crash.
A number of residents on farming properties to the west of York heard a large aircraft flying low over the area. The aircraft seemed to be in trouble because the noise from the engines was changing significantly. At times the engines seemed to be operating normally but on at least one occasion all engine noise ceased for a brief time and then returned as a very loud, high-pitched noise. One resident reported that when all engine noise ceased he could hear a rushing sound until the scream from the engines returned. Several residents reported seeing a bright flash of white light in the distance, followed by a loud crashing and scraping noise. Those closest to the crash could then see the yellow glow of a major fire.
Ten minutes after the "Amana" set course for Adelaide, a Douglas DC-4 operated by Trans Australia Airlines became airborne at Perth, also heading for Adelaide. As the TAA aircraft set course for Adelaide the Captain, Douglas MacDonald, saw a vivid white flash on the horizon in precisely the direction in which he was heading. It lasted about 6 seconds, long enough for him to draw it to the attention of the two other crew members. Eight minutes later the TAA aircraft passed over a band of fire on the ground. MacDonald estimated the fire was east of Perth Airport. As MacDonald approached Cunderdin he was aware the "Amana", flying about 10 minutes ahead of him, had not yet radioed its position report at Cunderdin. He became concerned that the vivid white flash and the ground fire might indicate some tragedy had befallen the "Amana" so he advised Air Traffic Control about his observations. Air Traffic Control was also concerned about the "Amana's" failure to report at Cunderdin so on hearing MacDonald's observations of the vivid white flash and the ground fire they activated emergency procedures. They asked MacDonald to fly back to the fire and determine its position. MacDonald did so and advised Air Traffic Control of bearings from the fire to York and Northam, the towns nearest the crash site.
Search and rescue.
Frank McNamara (62), an apiarist, and Geoff Inkpen (25), a young farmer, heard the sound of a big aircraft in serious trouble, flying low nearby. McNamara described the noise from the engines as "terrifying". They both investigated and saw the bright light of a flash fire. McNamara sent his two teenage sons to drive his utility truck to York to alert the police. McNamara and Inkpen then set out together on foot in the direction of the fire. As there was bright moonlight they were able to hurry through the bush. After about half an hour they came upon a scene of devastation. They were astonished to find an elderly man in a dazed state, wandering around the burning wreckage. He gave his name and explained that he had been a passenger on a large aircraft. He had survived the crash despite being badly burned. No-one else was found alive.
In response to notification from Air Traffic Control, three ambulances from Perth were despatched in the direction of the crash site, known to be somewhere between Chidlow and York. The crash site was several miles from the road so the ambulance crews travelled eastwards all the way to York without sighting a fire. The crews were eventually guided back along the main road and then along a dirt road that enabled them to drive to within 3 or 4 miles of the crash site. The crews then took their first-aid boxes and set out on foot.
Frank McNamara made a bed of leaves for the survivor and built a fire to help keep him as warm and comfortable as possible. McNamara stayed with the survivor while Inkpen went to summon help. After several hours ambulance crews arrived and administered first-aid and morphia. Rescue workers constructed a stretcher using saplings, bandages and overcoats. They covered the survivor with an overcoat and carried him for two hours to cover about two miles through thickly wooded country to McNamara's utility truck which then carried him and his rescuers to a waiting ambulance.
Frank McNamara and Geoff Inkpen were publicly thanked by the Minister for Civil Aviation for the great assistance they rendered to the rescue effort throughout the night. In a public letter to Frank McNamara, the Minister acknowledged the unrelenting effort of McNamara and his sons under extremely difficult conditions. He also acknowledged McNamara's care of the survivor and regretted that McNamara was not rewarded by seeing the survivor recover. In a public letter to Geoff Inkpen, the Minister expressed his deep appreciation for Inkpen's actions on the night of the crash. During World War II Inkpen had served in the RAAF as a navigator and the Minister acknowledged that, in peacetime, Inkpen had continued to uphold "the fine traditions" of the RAAF.
Fate of those onboard.
The survivor was Edgar Forwood, 67-year old Managing-Director of Forwood Down and Company Ltd., a South Australian engineering company. He was the oldest person on board the flight, and probably the most experienced air traveller. He was interviewed by Police in hospital in Perth but was not aware of much detail about the final minutes of the flight. He said there was no sign of fire prior to the crash, and no announcement to passengers to fasten their seat belts. He died six days after the crash and was buried at the North Road cemetery in Adelaide, his home town.
Investigators believed the aircraft Captain survived for a short time after the crash. His body was a short distance away from his seat and both were a few metres ahead of the wreckage where they had been thrown after the nose of the aircraft was split open in the impact with a large tree. The seat belt had not broken but it had been undone. The Captain's tunic was pulled up over his head as though to protect his face from the heat of the nearby inferno. Investigators believed he survived the crash and undid his seat belt to drag himself away from the fire. His body was not burnt but autopsy showed both his legs were broken and he died from a fractured skull.
Post mortem examinations were performed on the 28 victims of the crash. The two co-pilots died from multiple injuries. Twenty-three passengers and the two air hostesses were found to have died from multiple injuries and burns, or incineration. Only 12 of the 28 victims were able to be formally identified. The remaining 16 victims were either unrecognisable or unable to be identified and were buried in a mass grave at Perth's Karrakatta cemetery.
Passengers.
On its fatal flight the "Amana" was carrying 24 passengers, including 2 infants. All except Edgar Forwood died in the crash or the ensuing inferno. Passengers included:
Investigation.
Three investigators from the Department of Civil Aviation began work at the crash scene the day after the accident. They found the "Amana" had crashed in a heavily timbered area on the Inkpen family property "Berry Brow", on the easterly track between Perth airport and Kalgoorlie, at a point where the elevation was about above sea level. The aircraft struck the tops of tall gum trees while descending at an angle of about 15° below horizontal. Its speed at impact was estimated at . It crashed through large trees, breaking them off as if they were matchsticks, before impacting the ground violently and gouging a long, wide furrow. The left wing was torn away from the fuselage and then the aircraft broke up and burst into flames. Only the rear fuselage with the fin and rudder were not affected by fire. The wreckage trail was about long and wide. At the time of impact the "Amana's" left wing was lower than its right, suggesting it may have been turning left. It was heading north, not east towards Cunderdin. Investigators speculated that the crew may have been turning with the intention of returning to Perth airport; or they may have been preparing for a crash-landing in a large clear area to the north of the crash site.
Possibly as a result of rough-running of one or more of its engines, the "Amana" was observed flying over Perth's outer-eastern suburbs at an unusually low altitude. No witness report was received from anyone along the next of the "Amana's" track from Perth's outer suburbs to within of the crash site. In the minute before it crashed, eight witnesses heard a large aeroplane in distress and reported unusual engine noise, including engine noise ceasing on at least one occasion, followed by the sudden return of very loud engine noise. This suggested that, on at least one occasion, none of the engines were producing power, followed by a resumption of power on some of the engines. The investigation team concluded that the "Amana" failed to reach its assigned altitude of 9,000 feet, and that it experienced intermittent engine problems of such severity that all engine power was lost on at least one occasion. Without power and with only one of its propellers feathered, a Douglas DC-4 loses altitude at a great rate, possibly as fast as 100 feet per second (6,000 feet per minute).
Engines and propellers numbers 1 to 3 suffered substantial damage in the crash, but engine and propeller number 4 suffered much less damage. The investigators determined that at the time of impact, propellers 1, 2 and 3 were turning normally and their engines were producing power but propeller number 4 was feathered and its engine was not operating. There was also some evidence that action was taken by the crew to unfeather propeller number 4 in the moments before impact. None of the engines contained evidence of any internal failure prior to impact. All the magnetos were tested and the results indicated normal ignition was available to all engines up to the time of impact.
Engine number 4 suffered only minor, external damage. It was dismantled by the investigation team in an attempt to determine why it might have been shut down by the crew. A substantial amount of corrosion product was found in the passages of the fuel flow meter on engine number 4. Western Australia's Deputy Mineralogist identified the corrosion product as magnesium hydroxide. This is a corrosion product formed by reaction of magnesium and water, suggesting the fuel passages had been filled with water in the months between the crash and the detailed examination of the engine. Charles Gibbs, an engine specialist employed by the Department of Civil Aviation, estimated at least 45 cubic centimetres of water must have been involved. Rain falling on the crash site before engine number 4 was removed could not account for this much water in the fuel passages. Gibbs first examined the fuel system of engine number 4 and discovered the corrosion about two months after the accident. He conducted a test on an identical flow meter and found that after he left water in the fuel flow passages for approximately 8 weeks a similar amount of corrosion product developed. This suggested the rough running heard by witnesses on the ground may have been caused by water in the fuel reaching engine number 4. The steel rotor in the fuel pump of engine number 1 was slightly corroded but the fuel systems of engines 2 and 3 showed no evidence of corrosion. Investigators formed the opinion that the rough running heard by witnesses on the ground, and the crew's decision to shut down engine number 4 and feather its propeller, may have been related to water in the fuel reaching that engine. Similarly, the intermittent loss of power on all engines in the final minutes of the flight may indicate that all engines were receiving fuel contaminated with water.
The only abnormality found in all four engines was the vapour vent float in the fuel strainer chamber of the carburettors. The floats had been crushed by extreme fuel pressure. Inquiries were made to the engine manufacturer and other civil aviation authorities but none had prior experience of vapour vent floats collapsing. Tests on carburettors were also carried out in Australia by the Aeronautical Research Laboratories but without finding any suitable explanation. Whether the floats were crushed in flight or in the crash could not be determined, but even if it had occurred in flight it would not have affected operation of the engines.
The earliest reports from the crash site speculated that the "Amana" was already on fire when it struck the tops of trees because those trees, and pieces of the aircraft's left wing torn off in the impact with them, showed signs of scorching. Several eye witnesses reported seeing flames in the sky before the aircraft struck the ground. Department of Civil Aviation investigators discounted this speculation because only one of the "Amana's" push-button engine fire extinguishers had activated and this had most likely occurred during the crash or the fire.
Australian National Airways (ANA) ground staff in Sydney checked the "Amana's" fuel tanks for the presence of water prior to its first departure on 26 June. They found none. The "Amana" was subsequently re-fuelled in Melbourne and Adelaide but no check of the fuel tanks was made on these occasions. After being re-fuelled in Perth immediately prior to the fatal flight, the fuel filters in all 4 engines and the fuel drain serving the cross-feed pipe in the wing centre-section were all checked for the presence of water. The fuel tanks themselves were not checked, partly because, on the night of 26 June, the ground staff were "pressed for time" because one despatch engineer was absent due to illness.
ANA was of the opinion that if a small amount of water entered a fuel tank during refuelling it would only reach the drain cocks when the aircraft was in level flight so it could not be detected immediately after re-fuelling. For 15 years ANA had operated in the knowledge that the only satisfactory time to check fuel tanks for the presence of water was prior to the first flight of the day, after the aircraft had been stationary overnight. Throughout this time ANA checked fuel tanks for the presence of water prior to the first flight of the day.
Prior to its final flight, the "Amana" received of fuel from a tanker operated by the Vacuum Oil Company. The tanker had been checked for the presence of water in the morning and again at 6:30 pm, about 2 hours prior to re-fuelling the "Amana". It had also supplied fuel to 3 de Havilland Dove aircraft, none of which suffered any engine problems or were found to have water in the fuel.
The Department of Civil Aviation performed tests on parts of the DC-4 fuel system. Tests on the engine fuel system showed that when the engine boost pump was operating, a vortex formed in the engine fuel tank. If a small amount of water was present, this vortex held the water in suspension and prevented it from entering the engine. The tests also showed that when the boost pump was turned off, the vortex dissipated and any water would soon find its way into the engine. Investigators believed this might explain why all engines were operating normally during the takeoff but at least one engine began to run roughly around the time the engine boost pumps would be turned off.
Inquiry.
The Minister for Civil Aviation, Thomas White, appointed Justice William Simpson of the ACT Supreme Court to conduct an Air Court of Inquiry into the crash of the "Amana". The Inquiry opened in Perth on 7 February 1951. Justice Simpson was assisted by two assessors – Captain J.W. Bennett, a pilot with British Commonwealth Pacific Airlines; and Mr D.B. Hudson, an aeronautical engineer with Qantas Empire Airways. The Commonwealth Crown Solicitor was represented by L.D. Seaton and B. Simpson. Australian National Airways was represented by George Pape. The Department of Civil Aviation was represented by Henry Winneke. The Air Pilots' Association was represented by Francis Burt. The Inquiry sat in Perth for 12 days; heard evidence from 67 witnesses and concluded on Tuesday 20 February.
Western Australia's Deputy Mineralogist gave evidence that he had identified magnesium hydroxide, a corrosion product, in fuel passages in one of "Amana's" engines. Counsel for the Department of Civil Aviation explained that evidence gathered during investigation of the crash indicated water in some of the fuel on board "Amana" was responsible for the corrosion products found in engines numbers 1 and 4; for the rough running of an engine heard by a number of witnesses; and for the intermittent failure of all engines, leading to the aircraft descending to ground level. The Inquiry heard evidence from the Department of Civil Aviation's Acting Chief Inspector of Air Accidents, C.A.J. Lum, a former RAAF Douglas Dakota pilot, who described his personal experience of a flight in 1946 in which all fuel tanks were checked for the presence of water prior to take-off and the flight proceeded normally for 20 minutes until both engines began running roughly. Lum returned to the aerodrome and checked again for water in the tanks, this time finding a significant amount of water. Counsel for the Vacuum Oil Co. explained that it was almost impossible for water to be introduced to an aircraft during refuelling, and vigorously rejected the theory that water in the fuel contributed to the crash.
Counsel for the Commonwealth Crown Solicitor presented evidence that the "Amana" was on fire before it first struck trees. Counsel for the widow of one of the victims suggested the crash may have been caused by the elevator trim tab jamming in the diving position.
In April 1951 Justice Simpson advised the Minister for Civil Aviation that new evidence had become available. The Minister gave permission for the Inquiry to be re-opened. The Inquiry re-opened in Melbourne on 4 June 1951. The Department of Civil Aviation had recently completed tests on the DC-4 fuel system. The tests showed that when an engine boost pump was operating, a vortex in the engine fuel tank prevented water from entering the engine. The tests also showed that when the boost pump was turned off, any water would soon find its way into the engine. The Department of Civil Aviation believed this might explain why all engines were operating normally during the takeoff but at least one engine began to run roughly around the time the engine boost pumps would be turned off. However, Justice Simpson stated that the re-opened Inquiry served only to confirm his view that the "Amana's" loss of power was not due to water in the fuel.
Justice Simpson's report was tabled in the House of Representatives on 28 June 1951 by the new Minister for Civil Aviation, Larry Anthony. The Inquiry found that the "Amana" suffered total loss of engine power on at least one occasion, followed by rapid loss of height until it struck the ground. However, the evidence did not allow the court to determine the cause of the total loss of engine power. Consequently the court was unable to determine the cause of the accident. Simpson stated he was satisfied water had not been introduced into the "Amana's" fuel system in Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide or Perth.
The Inquiry uncovered two deviations from the Air Navigation Regulations although it did not consider these deviations contributed to the accident:
The Inquiry also uncovered three irregularities in the safety regulation of civil aviation in Australia although none of these irregularities contributed to the accident. Justice Simpson's report contained recommendations to deal with the irregularities:
During the House of Representatives debate on the report, the Minister, Larry Anthony, stated that he had already asked fuel companies to check their tanker wagons for the presence of water after each replenishment, and the relevant Air Navigation Order would be amended to require fuel to be drained into transparent containers. He stated that his Department did not intend to amend the relevant Air Navigation Order to require pilots of four-engine aeroplanes to perform the periodic checks in a four-engine aeroplane because it considered it was more challenging to fly with one engine inoperative in a two-engine aeroplane than in a four-engine aeroplane.
Subsequent speculation about cause of the crash.
Investigators from the Department of Civil Aviation believed water in some of the fuel tanks of VH-ANA was responsible for rough running of one or more of the engines; and this ultimately led to intermittent failure of all the engines. The Inquiry led by Mr Justice Simpson found no evidence that there was significant water in the fuel tanks. No radio call was received from "Amana" to indicate the nature of any problem, or even that the crew was aware of a problem. The Inquiry concluded without determining the cause of the crash.
In the weeks and months after conclusion of the Inquiry one possible explanation of the crash began to circulate among employees of ANA. This possibility began with one piece of evidence uncovered by the Inquiry during cross-examination of ANA's ground staff. It was reported that after sunrise the morning after the crash the one-gallon container used to check "Amana's" fuel filters was found empty and lying on its side on the apron a short distance from where "Amana" had been parked. The Inquiry attached no significance to this evidence and did not explore it further.
Employees of ANA believed the container had last been used to drain fuel from the cross-feed drain cock, the fuel cock that serves the pipe in the wing centre-section for cross-feeding of fuel from tanks in one wing to engines in the other wing. Moments after this procedure commenced, the staff member was advised of a telephone call from his wife and he went to answer the telephone. With the cross-feed selector valves closed, little fuel ran out when the drain cock was opened. Some employees believed that because no fuel was running out neither the staff member nor anyone else noticed the drain cock was still open. Due either to the wind or the slipstream from "Amana's" propellers as it began to taxi prior to take-off, the almost-empty container was blown over and rolled some distance along the apron where it was found the next morning.
Some employees of ANA speculated that approximately ten minutes after take-off the crew of "Amana" were aware of the seriousness of rough running on number 4 engine so decided to shut it down. Company procedures specified that if an operational problem occurred prior to reaching Kalgoorlie, east of Perth, the aircraft was to return to Perth; but if a problem occurred after reaching Kalgoorlie the flight could continue to Adelaide. The Douglas DC-4 was capable of flying from Perth to Adelaide with one engine inoperative. The crew of "Amana" on the fatal flight might have decided to wait until past Kalgoorlie before making a radio call to report one engine had been shut down, and then continue to Adelaide. In order to manage fuel usage and balance the weight of fuel across the wing, the crew might have selected some of the operating engines to draw fuel from number 4 tank. The DC-4 had a complex fuel selection system and, either deliberately or inadvertently, all operating engines might have been connected to number 4 tank. If the drain cock in the cross-feed pipe was still open to the atmosphere, air would be drawn into the pipe, causing an interruption of fuel supply to the engines, all engines to stop operating and their propellers to move to fine pitch. When the crew realised engines 1, 2 and 3 had all suddenly failed and that cross-feeding of fuel was the source of the problem they would have changed the fuel selections and restored fuel to the engines, causing the sudden screaming noise heard by witnesses as the engines burst back into life with their propellers in fine pitch. "Amana" had been flying at lower altitude than usual so there was inadequate height for the crew to arrest the high rate of descent before the aircraft struck high ground on the Inkpen family property. (At the Air Court of Inquiry, George Pape, representing ANA, described as "fantastic" any suggestion that the crew of the "Amana" would be cross-feeding fuel from one wing to the engines on the other wing at such an early stage of the flight.)
The Flight Superintendent and the Technical Superintendent of ANA simulated some of these events during a test flight in another DC-4. They were satisfied that the time intervals between events were compatible with the likely sequence of events leading to the crash of the "Amana", and that it was a plausible explanation of the accident. However, on legal advice this possible explanation of the crash was not made public. Two accidents involving Douglas DC-4s, one approaching Dublin Airport, Ireland, in 1961 and another approaching Stockport Airport, Manchester, United Kingdom, in 1967 were attributed to interruption of fuel supply when engines were supplied from the cross-feed system which was open to an empty fuel tank, allowing air to be drawn into the cross-feed pipe.
Memorials.
After the accident, souvenir hunters proved to be such a problem that the owners of "Berry Brow" kept all gates locked. Geoff Inkpen stated that after completion of an Inquiry a bulldozer would be used to dig a ditch at the crash site and what remained of the "Amana" would be buried.
A small memorial to the loss of the "Amana", its passengers and crew, has been created in the aeronautical museum in the town of Beverley, south-east of the crash site. The memorial includes the nose undercarriage from the "Amana". A memorial plaque was erected in the main street of Beverley on 26 June 2001, the fifty-first anniversary of the crash.
Aftermath.
Australian National Airways (ANA) never recovered from the crash of the "Amana". Since the beginning of 1945, 77 people had been killed in accidents in aircraft operated by ANA. In late 1948, ANA suffered 4 crashes in 4 months. The loss of ANA's reputation as a safe airline, together with the unblemished safety record and growing commercial success of its rival Trans Australia Airlines, sent ANA into decline. In 1957 ANA was taken over by Ansett Transport Industries Limited and merged with "Ansett Airways" to form the domestic airline Ansett-ANA.

</doc>
<doc id="2868364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868364" title="City of Thieves (gamebook)">
City of Thieves (gamebook)

City of Thieves is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Ian Livingstone and illustrated by Iain McCaig. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1983, the title is the fifth gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002.
Plot.
The player takes the role of an adventurer on a quest to find and stop the powerful Night Prince Zanbar Bone, a being whose minions are terrorizing a local town. Hired by a desperate mayor, the player must as the adventurer journey to the dangerous city-state of Port Blacksand (the "City of Thieves"), and find the wizard Nicodemus, who apparently knows of Bone's one weakness. What follows is a series of challenges as the player must locate certain key items, escape Port Blacksand and eventually confront Bone. 
Reception.
Marcus L. Rowland reviewed "City of Thieves" for the January 1984 issue of "White Dwarf", rating the title 8 out of a possible 10. According to Rowland, "Most encounters in the city are potentially lethal, several being no-win situations where the best outcome involves injury or loss of money."

</doc>
<doc id="2868367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868367" title="Associated RC18T">
Associated RC18T

The Associated RC18T is a , ready-to-run electric stadium truck made by Associated Electrics of Lake Forest, California. A mechanically similar monster truck version with slightly different bodywork similar to the 1:8 scale, nitromethane-powered Associated "Monster GT" and all-terrain tires with unique "AE" tread pattern is sold as the RC18MT. 
Both ready-to-run versions feature four wheel drive, fifteen sealed ball bearings, Associated "XPS" micro electronic speed control and oil-filled shock absorbers. A 370-series motor is standard on the T and MT. A full-sized Associated "XP2" two-channel pistol grip radio is standard as well.
Though both models are race-ready as delivered, a more serious version was released. This is the "Factory Team" RC18T, available in kit form only, intended as a pure competition vehicle and packed with "Factory Team" upgrades as standard. Associated lists these upgrades as:
The popularity of 1:18 scale monster trucks was spurred by the development of the Team Losi Mini-T, the original 1:18 scale mini monster truck.

</doc>
<doc id="2868394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868394" title="Franz Blücher">
Franz Blücher

Franz Blücher (24 March 1896 – 26 March 1959) was a German politician and member of the German Parliament ("Bundestag").
Blücher was born in Essen, Rhine Province, German Empire.
After World War II, Blücher was one of the founders of the Free Democratic Party (FDP) and served as chairman in the British occupation zone (1946-1949) and as Federal Chairman (1949-1954).
From 1949 to 1957, he was a member of Chancellor Konrad Adenauer's cabinet. As representative of the second-largest government party, he occupied the position of Vice-Chancellor of Germany and also held the Ministry for Matters of the Marshall Plan, which in 1953 was renamed "Ministry for Economic Cooperation".
In 1956, he - along with other fifteen ministers and parliamentarians - sided with Chancellor Adenauer against his party and formed the Free People's Party (FVP), which early in 1957 merged with the German Party (DP).
Franz Blücher died on 26 March 1959 in Bad Godesberg, North Rhine-Westphalia.
Honours and awards.
Blücher was awarded honorary doctorates from the University of Berlin (1954) and the University of the Punjab in Lahore (1957). In 1954 he was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit and the Grand Cross of the Greek Order of George I. In 1955, he received the Grand Cross of Merit of the Italian Republic.
In 1956, Blücher received the Grand Decoration of Honour in Gold with Sash for Services to the Republic of Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="2868397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868397" title="RSM-56 Bulava">
RSM-56 Bulava

The Bulava (, lit. "mace"; designation RSM-56, NATO reporting name SS-NX-32, GRAU index 3M30) is a submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) developed for the Russian Navy and deployed in 2013 on the new of ballistic missile nuclear submarines. It is intended as the future cornerstone of Russia's nuclear triad, and is the most expensive weapons project in the country. The weapon takes its name from "bulava", a Russian word for mace.
Designed by Moscow Institute of Thermal Technology, development of the missile was launched in the late 1990s as a replacement for the R-39 solid-fuel SLBM. It is expected that the first three Borei-class submarines will carry 16 missiles, while the following five vessels will carry 20 missiles. Development and deployment of the Bulava missile within the Russian Navy is not affected by the enforcement of the new START treaty.
The missile's flight test programme was problematic. Until 2009, there were 6 failures in 13 flight tests and one failure during ground test, blamed mostly on insufficient quality of component production. After a failure in December 2009, further tests were put on hold and a probe was conducted to find out the reasons for the failures. Testing was resumed on 7 October 2010 with a launch from the in the White Sea; the warheads successfully hit their targets at the Kura Test Range in the Russian Far East. Seven launches have been conducted since the probe, all successful. On 28 June 2011, the missile was launched for the first time from its standard carrier, Borei-class submarine , and on 27 August 2011 the first full-range (over ) flight test was conducted. After this successful launch, the start of serial production of Bulava missiles in the same configuration was announced on 28 June 2011. A successful salvo launch on 23 December 2011 concluded the flight test programme. The missile was officially approved for service on 27 December 2011, and was reported to be commissioned aboard the Yuri Dolgorukiy on 10 January 2013. The missile did however continue to fail in the summer of 2013 and was not operational as of November 2013.
Description.
The Bulava missile was developed by Moscow Institute of Thermal Technology under the leadership of chief designer Yury Solomonov. Although it utilizes some engineering solutions used for the recent Topol-M ICBM, the new missile has been developed virtually from scratch. Bulava is both lighter and more sophisticated than the Topol-M. The two missiles are expected to have comparable ranges, and similar CEP and warhead configurations.
The missile has three stages; the first and second stages use solid fuel propellant, while the third stage uses a liquid fuel to allow high maneuverability during warhead separation. The missile can be launched from an inclined position, allowing a submarine to fire them while moving. It has a low flight trajectory, and due to this could be classified as a quasi-ballistic missile. The missile possesses advanced defense capabilities making it resistant to missile-defense systems. Among its abilities are evasive maneuvering, mid-course countermeasures and decoys, and a warhead fully shielded against both physical and electromagnetic pulse damage. The Bulava is designed to be capable of surviving a nuclear blast at a minimum distance of .
The Bulava's advanced technology allows it to carry up to 10 hypersonic, individually guided, maneuverable warheads with a yield of 100–150 kt each.
Borei-class submarines carrying Bulava missiles are expected to be an integral part of the Russian nuclear triad until 2040.
Development history.
Inception.
In the 1990s, Russia had two submarine-launched ICBMs, the solid-fuel R-39 and the liquid-fuel R-29 Vysota family, both developed by the Makeyev Design Bureau. A new missile, designated R-39UTTH Bark was under development to replace the R-39. The Bark was planned to become the only submarine-launched ballistic missile of the Russian nuclear arsenal. However, its development was plagued with problems, and after three test failures the Bark programme was canceled in 1998. Moscow Institute of Thermal Technology was now tasked with developing a new advanced missile. The institute promised that it would able to quickly develop a new naval missile based on its recent Topol-M land-based ICBM.
The new missile would be deployed per 16 missiles on the Borei I- and per 20 missiles on Borei II-class submarines. As the new submarines would not be ready in time for flight tests, the Typhoon-class submarine "Dmitry Donskoy" was upgraded to carry Bulavas.
Key people involved in the decision to develop Bulava included the institute director and Bulava's chief designer Yury Solomonov; director of the Defense Ministry's Fourth Central Research Institute, Major-General Vladimir Dvorkin; Navy Commander, Fleet Admiral Vladimir Kuroyedov; Defense Minister, Marshal Igor Sergeyev; Economics Minister Yakov Urinson and Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin.
First tests.
The missile completed the first stage launch-tests at the end of 2004. Although it was initially planned to base the Bulava design on the Topol-M, the first tests showed that the new missile was completely different in terms of appearance, dimensions and warhead lay-out. It was later acknowledged that the Moscow Institute of Thermal Technology had developed Bulava virtually from scratch, reusing only a few engineering solutions from the Topol-M.
Troubles.
By 2009, the missile had experienced 5 failures in 11 tests. This led to the missile's chief designer, Yury Solomonov resigning from his post in July 2009. Aleksandr Sukhodolskiy was appointed as the new general designer of sea-based ballistic missiles at the Moscow Institute of Thermal Technology; Solomonov however retained his post of general designer of land-based missiles.
Explanations for the failures.
Chief designer Solomonov has blamed the failures on the poor state of the Russian defense industry and problems in the design-technology-production chain.
According to Solomonov, the industry is unable to manufacture 50 of the necessary components for the missile, forcing designers to improvise and look for alternative solutions, which seriously complicates the testing process. Solomonov further said that despite the failures, there was no need for changes in the design.
Sergei Kovalyov, the designer of three generations of Russian strategic submarines said that due to lack of funding, the developers had been unable to conduct test launches from a floating pad to test the underwater segment of the missile's trajectory. He also said that there were insufficient funds to conduct ground-based test launches. Both types of testing had been standard procedure during Soviet times. Kovalyov also criticised the poor quality of missile components provided by a large number of sub-contractors and the absence of military representatives at manufacturing plants.
Effects on the military.
Due to the delays in Bulava's development, the launch of the fourth Borei-class submarine, "Svyatitel Nikolay", has been pushed back. Russia was planning to build eight of Borei-class submarines by 2015.
Only one Typhoon-class submarine, "Dmitry Donskoy", has been modified to launch Bulavas. The Bulava program is the most expensive weapons project in Russia.
Debate about the program.
Despite continued test failures, the Russian defense minister, Anatoly Serdyukov, has stated that the project will not be abandoned. "We will certainly not give up the Bulava. I think that despite all the failures, the missile will fly," he said in an interview in late December 2009. The Russian military has been adamant that there is no alternative to Bulava.
There has been discussion among analysts about the possibility of re-equipping the Borei-class submarines with the more reliable liquid-propellant R-29RMU Sineva missiles. The Sineva is an upgrade of the R-29RM Shtil and entered service in 2007. According to "RIA Novosti" military analyst Ilya Kramnik, this would have been an attractive option, given that the less advanced Sineva missiles already have "virtually the same impressive specifications as the Trident II (D5) SLBMs wielded by the U.S. Navy and the Royal Navy." However, the work needed to redesign and modify the Borei-class submarines to carry Sinevas is regarded as too expensive.
Probe.
After a launch failure in December 2009 caused by a defective engine nozzle and which led to the 2009 Norwegian spiral anomaly, further tests were put on hold and a review of the missile program was initiated. The results of the probe were delivered to the Russian government in May 2010.
2010 tests.
Testing was resumed for the first time after the probe on 7 October 2010. The missile was launched from the submerged "Dmitry Donskoy", in the White Sea, and the warheads successfully hit their targets at the Kura testing range, to the north of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky in the Russian Far East. The launch reportedly took place at 07:15 UTC. The missile travelled over , and the rocket's trajectory was within the normal parameters, according to a Navy official.
The second test launch in 2010 from "Dmitry Donskoy" was set to 29 October and was successful.
The next test to be performed from "Yuriy Dolgorukiy" was initially planned to December 2010, but was postponed to mid-summer 2011 due to ice conditions in White Sea.
All three missiles have been built under nearly identical conditions, in order to determine the cause of potential failures.
2011 tests and deployment.
Russian defense sources have stated that the Bulava missile will not enter service until it is 98-99% reliable. According to the Russian Vice Premier Sergei Ivanov another six successful launches (one planned in 2010, other five in 2011) will be required before the missile could be commissioned. 
After a successful test salvo launch in December 2011, Russian president Dmitry Medvedev announced that the Bulava missile was ready and it would now be adopted for service with the Russian Navy.
2012 tests and deployment.
On August 2012 a high-ranking official of Russia’s United Shipbuilding Corporation said in 2012 Russia will test fire its Bulava missile only once, in November, specifically from the nuclear-powered submarine Alexander Nevsky.
2013 deployment.
Bulava was finally commissioned with its lead carrier Yuri Dolgorukiy on 10 January 2013. The official ceremony of raising the Russian Navy colors on the submarine was led by Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu. After another failed launch in September, Shoigu announced a pause in the state trials of the next two submarines and five more test launches. The entire production run of the missiles was then recalled for factory inspections.
Russian Deputy Defense Minister Yury Borisov told reporters on Wednesday 20 November 2013:
"The commission has completed its work. The causes have been determined. They are technological and are related to the production of the nozzle," Borisov told a roundtable meeting on state defense contracts.
The cause of the failure does not call into question "the correctness of the production of the product in general," he said. The flaw that has been revealed has been corrected on the three remaining missiles in this batch, Borisov said. Borisov said Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu has made a decision to hold another five Bulava launches.
"These launches will be planned next year," Borisov said.
The intercontinental ballistic missile Bulava was launched at the Kura testing ground in Kamchatka during the state testing of the strategic nuclear submarine Alexander Nevsky in the White Sea on September 6.
"The missile left the launch container, but the its board system failed three minutes into the launch," the Russian Defense Ministry earlier said.
Service.
In October 2010 it was reported that 150-170 operational missiles would be built (124 active + reserve for training and tests).
After its successful launch in 28 June 2011 was announced start of serial production of Bulava missiles in same configuration.. On 10 January 2013, Bulava was adopted into service with its lead carrier submarine Yuri Dolgorukiy.

</doc>
<doc id="2868417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868417" title="Slutsky">
Slutsky

Slutsky (; ; ) is a surname derived from Slutsk. It is shared by the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="2868418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868418" title="Mark Delpriora">
Mark Delpriora

Mark Delpriora (born 1959) is an American classical guitarist and composer.
Delpriora is Co-Chair of the Guitar Department at the Manhattan School of Music, where he has been on the faculty since 1989. Beginning in 2007, Mark will also be on the faculty of The Juilliard School, where he will teach guitar studies. He studied guitar with Rolando Valdes-Blain and later with Manuel Barrueco. He studied theory/composition in his early teens with Roland Trogan and later with Giampaolo Bracali. Mr. Delpriora has recorded for Koch International Classics, Soundspells, Philips, Tzadik, and CRI. In addition, he has recorded 6 CDs with flutist Laurel Zucker on Cantilena Records.
As a performer, the New York Times wrote after his debut:
"The first notes of Mark Delpriora's guitar recital established him as a musician of authority. In a little Mozart transcription by Julian Bream he showed a rare feeling for the specific gravity of a Mozartean phrase, for the inevitability of its rise and fall. Delpriora is a guitarist to be reckoned with"
One of the few students chosen to participate in masterclasses by Andrés Segovia, Delpriora has performed and championed music written for, but rarely played by, Segovia, known as The Segovia Archives. The collection is published by Berben Edizioni Musicali and edited by Angelo Gilardino. Angelo Gilardino wrote after hearing Delpriora play this music: “His playing is very fluent, effortless, elegant and extremely refined, and his view of the music he performs is sophisticated, still direct and transparent".
He has performed and taught master classes in Brazil, Canada, Mexico, Uruguay, Italy and the United States and has been recognized with many awards, including the inaugural Andrés Segovia Award for Outstanding Performance given by the Manhattan School of Music with Segovia in attendance, the Beard’s Fund Award, and the Artists International Distinguished Artist Award, and by grants, including a United Nations Travel Grant and grants from Meet the Composers and the Cooper Institute for the Arts and Humanities. In addition, he has performed at the Lake Placid Chamber Music Festival, Piccolo Spoleto, Stetson University Guitar Festival, Rutgers University Summerfest, Eastman Guitarfest and the Summit Music Festival; and with the New York Contemporary Music Band, New Music Consort, Joffrey Ballet Orchestra, and the Washington Bach Consort.
More recently Mark Delpriora has been performing on the baroque guitar, giving his first all-baroque guitar recital at William Paterson University's 2007 Guitar Fest.
His compositions have been published by Bèrben Edizioni Musicali (the 50-minute "Sonata No.3", "Sonata No.2", "Elegia per Basil Keiser"), Editions Orphée ("Tango Caffè Carciofo", "10 Short Studies in Kaleidoscope","Creation Fugue", " Variations on a Theme of Sor"), and Guitar Arts Publishing ("Four Images after a poem by e.e. cummings"), MelBay ("Tambu Fantasy"). All of the above works, particularly the Sonatas, are contrapuntally complex, dramatically shaped and technically challenging. Sonata no.3 has become particularly renown and is the subject of a chapter in "Manuale di storia della chitarra. 2: La chitarra nel ventesimo secolo" by Gianni Nuti.
Delpriora's most recent composition is the 35 minute set of variations on Fernando Sor's Opus 24, #1. The scope of this work is unprecedented in the guitar repertoire, at twice the length of Britten's "Nocturnal" the closest equivalent must be found in the piano repertoire e.g. Rzewski's variations "The People United Will never be Defeated". 
Delpriora writes: "In the tradition of Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco’s 'Variations à travers les siècles', Astor Piazzola’s 'Histoire du Tango' and Argento’s song cycle 'Letters from Composers', I have taken an historical view of composition for my 'Variations on a Theme by Sor'. This new set of variations follows Sor’s little Menuet in c minor op. 24 N° 1 as it makes its epic journey across time and space through the nineteenth century and into the early years of the twentieth century. During its travels, the theme meets and pays its respects to the godfathers of nineteenth century music and as a result is irrevocably transformed". In a sense, this work can be said to be a musical example of Metahistorical romance. The last page of the published work contains an imaginary interview between Delpriora and the nineteenth century musicologist François-Joseph Fétis.
Two of the variations (12 and 14) served as the set piece for the 2011 GFA competition.
His "Elegia" and several of his "10 Short Studies",the seventh of which is 9 seconds in duration, demonstrate a particular interest in very short forms with an accompanying intimate emotional sensitivity.
Mark and his family live in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2868423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868423" title="Nelson, Victoria">
Nelson, Victoria

Nelson is a small fishing town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on at the mouth of the Glenelg River and on Discovery Bay, a few kilometres from the South Australian border, and west of Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Nelson and the surrounding area had a population of 226. 
In January 1852 the name of Nelson was adopted for the settlement, after the ship "Lady Nelson",
which was used by Lieutenant James Grant in explorations of the area in the early nineteenth century.
A punt was built across the river in 1848 by Henry Kellett. A summerhouse was also built in 1848, which later became the town's current hotel. The town site was surveyed and named in 1852 by Lindsay Clarke, and sheep grazing began soon after. Settlement of the township came much later, a Post Office being opened on 17 March 1876.
The Portland-Nelson Road is the only main road in and out of Nelson and crosses the Glenelg at Nelson and is the only crossing for over 25 km. The first crossing over the Glenelg was constructed out of wood in 1893. It was replaced by the current steel cantilever bridge in 1963.
Notes.
Henry kellet was in the Bering Strait at the time he is supposed to have established a punt across the river in 1848. Consider removing the hyper link.

</doc>
<doc id="2868425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868425" title="Cape Bridgewater, Victoria">
Cape Bridgewater, Victoria

Cape Bridgewater is a locality in Victoria, Australia. It is located on the western shore of Bridgewater Bay, 21 kilometres south-west of Portland, and 383 kilometres from Melbourne. It lies within the Discovery Bay Coastal Park.
The area was settled in the 1860s and a Post Office opened in 1863 (closed 1968) though known as Bridgewater Lower for some years.
Both Cape Bridgewater and Bridgewater Bay were named by named after the Duke of Bridgewater (1756-1829), by Lieutenant James Grant sailing on the "Lady Nelson" on 4 December 1800.
Cape Bridgewater is home to a colony of up to 650 Fur seals and has the highest coastal cliff in Victoria. These cliffs are suitable spot to observe Southern right whales in winter and spring. The cape itself also boasts a large blowhole and a feature known as the petrified forest, but now known to be hollow tubes of limestone, eroded as a result of millions of years of rainfall. Bridgewater Bay and the adjacent Cape form a partially submerged volcanic caldera. To the west is a large area with huge sand dunes. For these reasons the Cape and the nearby coastal area is classed by the government as the second most important coastline in Victoria, after the 'Twelve Apostles', along the Great Ocean Road
Wind Energy.
Construction of wind turbines by the company Pacific Hydro has begun on the cape after some controversy. This is part of the Portland Wind Project

</doc>
<doc id="2868428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868428" title="Mohamed Said Fazul">
Mohamed Said Fazul

Mohamed Said Fazul (born 18 September 1960) was president of the Comorian island of Mohéli from 19 May 2002 to 1 July 2007.
He worked as a pharmacist and taught natural sciences at a Fomboni college until his nomination by President Azali Assoumani in March 2001 to be governor of Mohéli. He benefited from his incumbent position as island governor and the backing of Azali in beating his rival, Mohamed Hassanaly, in the second round of the elections for the presidency of Mohéli on 7 April 2002, although Hassanally had received more votes in the first round.
After two rounds of elections in June 2007, he was defeated by Mohamed Ali Said, who took office on 1 July.

</doc>
<doc id="2868430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868430" title="Hurricane Isabel (disambiguation)">
Hurricane Isabel (disambiguation)

The name Isabel was used for two tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean and one in the southwest Indian Ocean.
The name Isabel was retired after the 2003 season, and was replaced by Ida in the 2009 season.
Isabel can also be confused with:

</doc>
<doc id="2868442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868442" title="7mm-08 Remington">
7mm-08 Remington

The 7mm-08 Remington is a rifle cartridge that is almost a direct copy of a wildcat cartridge developed around 1958 known as the 7mm/308. As these names would suggest, it is the .308 Winchester case necked down to accept 7 mm (.284) bullets with a small increase in case length. Of cartridges based upon the .308 it is the second most popular behind only the .243 Winchester, the .308 is more popular than both. In 1980, the Remington Arms company popularized the cartridge by applying its own name and offering it as a chambering for their model 788 and model 700 rifles.
Handloading.
The popularity of the cartridge means there is a fairly wide selection of factory loads, making it a choice even for those who do not handload. Bullets weighing from 100 to 175 grains are available. Bullets in the 130-150gr range will suit most hunting applications while long range shooters will opt for the heavier bullets to take advantage of their higher ballistic coefficients. Depending on construction, bullets of 154 to 175gr can also be used in loads suitable for medium and larger game or target purposes. Medium burning rifle powders usually work best in the 7mm-08.
Uses.
With the wide range of bullet weights available, the 7mm-08 is suitable for "varminting, game-hunting, silhouette, and long-range shooting." It is also suitable for plains game." For long-range target and metallic silhouette shooting, the "plastic-tipped 162gr A-Max has proven to be very accurate, with a 0.625 BC. This A-Max bullet, and the 150gr Sierra Match King, are popular with silhouette shooters."
The 7mm-08 Remington works in most hunting environments, including dense forest areas and large open fields. It has a flatter trajectory than the .308 Win. and .30-06 Springfield at similar bullet weights because the slightly smaller-diameter 7mm bullet generally has a better ballistic coefficient (BC), and is thus less affected by drag and crosswind while in flight. Its trajectory is comparable to the .270 Winchester.
Its recoil is a bit more than a .243 Win. and less than most loads in a .308 Win. This mild recoil makes it suitable for youth and adults who are new shooters; however, the cartridge serves experienced shooters and hunters equally well.
Howard Brant of "Shooting Industry" magazine wrote: "the 7mm-08 is a real sleeper as far as the hunting field is concerned. It is a grand cartridge which packs more than sufficient wallop to efficiently down all medium-sized big-game animals found in North America and elsewhere."
Wayne van Zwoll of "Petersen's Hunting" magazine wrote: "Efficient case design and a bullet weight range suitable for most North American big game make the 7mm-08 a fine choice for all-around hunting. Civil in recoil, it's a perfect match for lightweight, short-action rifles. It has also courted favor on metallic silhouette ranges, where its 140-grain bullets reach 500-yard targets faster and with as much energy as 150-grain .308s." He also described it as "deadly" for elk.
David E. Petzal of "Field & Stream", wrote, "The virtues of the 7mm/08 include very light recoil, not much muzzle blast, plenty of bullet weight to do the job, and gilt-edged accuracy." 
The 7mm-08, with appropriate loads, meets the required standard for moose hunting in Sweden, Finland, and Norway. Such loads allow it, for that purpose, to be compared favourably with the 6.5x55, 7x57, 7x57R, 300 Savage, 303 British, and some 308 Win. and 270 Win. loads; they have killed many moose. 
With appropriately constructed bullets, the cartridge is usable on elk, black bears and hogs.
It must be stressed, though, that the 7mm-08 Rem. is unsuitable for use on the three big bears—polar, brown, and grizzly—and on other dangerous game. In a self-defensive situation requiring stopping power on dangerous game at close range, use of a larger and heavier caliber is strongly advised. 
Stephen Herrero, a bear behavior expert, cites a study by the U. S. Forestry Service in Alaska that concluded the .458 Win. Mag. with a 510gr load, 375 H.&H. Mag. with a 300gr load, .338 Win Mag. with a 300gr load, and .30-06 with a 220gr load were "superior for protection against bears".
Cartridge comparisons.
"Anything a 7mm can do, a .30 caliber of comparable sectional density and ballistic coefficient can also do. The catch is, in order to send a .30-caliber slug over a trajectory as flat as that 7mm bullet, about 20 percent more recoil is going to be generated. . . . bullet in 7mm produces clearly superior downrange performance in terms of delivered energy and trajectory at any given recoil level to a bullet in .30 caliber."
There are two primary reasons a 7mm recoils less than a comparably effective .30 cal. cartridge: (1) to match the 7mm's BC requires a significantly heavier .30 cal bullet; and (2) to drive that heavier .30 cal bullet at similar velocities (for kinetic energy and wind resistance ("time-to-target")), requires more powder. This combination of heavier bullets with heavier powder charges significantly increases the recoil of the .30 caliber. The flip side of this is that "when you compare heavy bullets, grain for grain, the 7mm-08 offers better ballistics. In other words a 168-grainer fired from a 7mm-08 will exhibit less drop and less windage than a 168gr bullet fired from a .308 Win."
Edward A. Matunas, who was involved in developing reloading manuals for Lyman, says, "The 7mm-08 Remington is an efficient round and competes effectively against the 308 Winchester." Jeff Cooper was impressed enough by the 7mm-08 to give it unqualified support for use in Scout rifles -- "A true Scout comes in .308 or 7mm-08". The 7mm-08 with 139-140gr loads does well against 150gr .308 Win. loads, providing good energy levels with usually less recoil than the .308 Win.
The 7mm-08 invites a ballistic comparison with the veteran, highly esteemed 7x57mm Mauser. American rifle handloading writers such as Ken Waters, Frank B. Petrini, John Wootters, Clay Harvey, Bob Milek, and John Barsness vary on which cartridge generates higher velocities with top handloads in modern rifles with equal barrel lengths. Any significant difference perhaps reflects more variations among individual rifles than a clear winner between two quite similar cartridges. Layne Simpson, a handloading gun writer who has worked with the 7mm-08 since 1979, considers it and the 7x57 as ballistic equals. John Barsness has said more recently that the handloaded performance of the 7mm-08 and 7x57 is "identical." One assessment seems curious: while Norma Precision says that the shorter-cased 7mm-08 loses compared to the 7x57, its own reloading information for the 156gr Oryx shows the 7mm-08 as having only 16 fps less than the 7x57--a negligible difference.
In January 2002, Dave Anderson of "Guns Magazine" compared four of his favorite 7mm cartridges (7x57mm Mauser, .280 Remington, .284 Winchester, and 7mm-08 Rem.), and concluded: "But consider everything -- performance, recoil, rifle size and weight, rifle availability, ammunition availability and selection -- and the winner, rather to my surprise, is the 7mm-08 Remington. Ten years ago, even five years ago, I wouldn't have said that. But this efficient, effective little cartridge is a good one, and it's going to be around for a long time."
Its comparison with the 270 Win. is complicated. Clay Harvey, for instance, says the 7mm-08 is "definitely inferior ballistically." Remington Arms has its 140 grain load producing which is better than the produced by the 140-grain 7mm-08 load. The complicating factor is that, according to Edward A. Matunas, the .270 Win. "is not well served by factory ammunition. Velocities often vary widely and frequently are well below advertised levels." An example: Remington's own ballistic tables lists its only 150-grain 270 Win. loading, a Soft Point Core-Lokt (not a Pointed Soft Point Core-Lokt), as having a MV of and retaining 1,587 fpe at 200 yards. A 7mm-08 load with a more efficient 150gr Nosler Partition at MV retains 1,790 fpe at 200 yards and 1,525 fpe at 300. Careful handloading with a bullet of higher BC should restore the gain the 270 Win. brings through its larger case. John Barsness says, however, that his wife Eileen has "recently discovered that the 7mm-08 kicks noticeably less than her old favorite the .270 WCF with similar results in the field." 
The .30-06 is significantly more powerful in its 165-180gr loads, especially when handloads or factory loads with bullets of good BC are used. However, Remington lists its .30-06 150gr PSP Core-Lokt as retaining 1,445 fpe at 300 yards, while listing its 140gr 7mm-08 PSP Core-Lokt with 1490 fpe at the same distance. In 1981 Ken Waters looked at Remington's (then) PSP loads and had this to say about the 140gr 7mm-08 PSP: "From this we must conclude that it betters the 150-gr. 308 in all respects, and is about equal ballistically to Remington's 150-gr. PSP loading for the 30-06. Quite a billing, wouldn't you say?"
Bob Bell says "the little 7mm/08 equals or surpasses a surprising number of popular loads and is so close to the others that it makes one wonder if their edge is worth their attendant muzzle blast, recoil and rifle weight" when hunting deer, antelope, and caribou.
The caliber has also found some loyal adherents in Europe such that Prvi Partizan (Serbia) offers an economical 140 gr (2860 fps) SPBT loading (available in the US as well). British munitions enthusiasts are especially keen to point out the development of the .280 British round shortly after WW2, which ironically was ultimately rejected by the United States.
Guns.
Since the 7mm-08 is fairly popular, most major hunting firearm manufacturers in the USA have one or more bolt action rifles chambered for the round. Because of the cartridge's efficiency in shorter barrels, Savage, Browning, Weatherby, and Remington offer it in carbine models as well as in guns with regular barrel lengths.
Browning offers it in several versions of their box fed lever-action rifle, the BLR, and in their gas-operated semiautomatic rifle called the BAR ShortTrac Stalker. Remington Arms offers a DPMS manufactured version of the AR-10, called the Model R-25, in 7mm-08. Rock River Arms recently added a complete upper assembly chambered in 7mm-08 for their LAR-8 platform (not interchangeable with AR-10 or DPMS lowers). The Tikka rifles made by Sako also offers the 7mm-08 throughout their entire line of rifles. Ruger offers a few bolt action rifles in this former wildcat round as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2868443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868443" title="Beyond Elysian Fields">
Beyond Elysian Fields

Beyond Elysian Fields is an album by Hugh Cornwell. It was produced by Tony Visconti and released by Invisible Hands Music in 2004 in the UK, with a worldwide release in 2005.
Critical reception.
Adam Morton of "The Age" complimented Cornwell's "clipped, dry delivery" on the songs "Under Her Spell" and "Beauty on the Beach", but added that "melodies wane and lyrics become laboured on later tracks" such as "24/7". 
Helen Wright of MusicOMH described the album as "something like a cross between Dylan and Dire Straits at their best ... with a dash of The Travelling Wilburys for good measure." Wright also cautioned, "If you preferred the early Stranglers you'll probably hate this album." 
Graham Rockingham "The Hamilton Spectator" wrote, ""Beyond Elysian Fields" doesn't contain the in-your-face attitude of Stranglers' songs like 'Peaches', 'Grip' or 'Hangin' Around' ... but it does contain that sardonic sense of humor and unmistakable voice. Cornwell's songwriting ventures into all sorts of unexpected territory."
Beyond Acoustic Fields.
"Beyond Acoustic Fields", is a limited edition CD, only available on tour, performed by Cornwell with acoustic guitar and vocal only and was recorded by Tony Visconti at his New York studio Looking Glass, to give Visconti an idea of the songs before producing the full album with the band.
Track listing: "Cadiz", "Beauty on the Beach", "The Land of a Thousand Kisses", "24/7", "Henry Moore", "The Story of Harry Power", "Picked up by the Wind", "Do Right Bayou", "Under Her Spell"

</doc>
<doc id="2868447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868447" title="Rugby Borough Council election, 2002">
Rugby Borough Council election, 2002

Elections to Rugby Council were held on 2 May 2002. The whole council was up for election as a result of the boundary changes that had taken place since the last election in 2000. The council stayed under no overall control.

</doc>
<doc id="2868450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868450" title="Maxine Peake">
Maxine Peake

Maxine Peake (born 14 July 1974) is an English stage, film and television actress known for playing Veronica in Channel 4's Manchester-based drama series "Shameless", Twinkle in Victoria Wood's sitcom "Dinnerladies", barrister Martha Costello QC in BBC legal drama "Silk" and, most recently, Grace Middleton in "The Village".
Early life.
Born in Bolton, Peake is the second of two daughters born to Brian and Glynis Peake (née Hall). Her father was a lorry driver before working in the electrical industry, her mother a part-time careworker; Lisa, her elder sister by nine years, is a police officer. Her parents separated when Peake was nine and she lived with her mother until the age of 15. When her mother moved in with a new boyfriend several miles away, she went to live with her grandfather so she could continue her GCSE studies at Westhoughton High School, before going on to take her A-Levels at Canon Slade School, Bradshaw near Bolton. Her grandfather encouraged her to develop her creativity and start acting. 
Peake joined the Octagon Youth Theatre, Bolton, at 13, before a period at the youth theatre of the Royal Exchange, Manchester. She later attended the University of Salford leaving after two years. During this time she appeared in productions with two leading amateur theatre companies in Bolton: The Marco Players and the Phoenix Theatre Company. Peake was a member of the 
Communist Party.
In her teens Peake was a representative for Wigan Ladies rugby league team.
Peake's early attempts to enter the acting profession were unsuccessful. She was rejected by every theatre education company in North West England, and tried unsuccessfully for three years to get into Manchester Polytechnic Theatre School and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. However, at 21, she obtained a place at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. Her attempts to find sponsorship for RADA were the subject of a 1996 documentary by the South Bank Show; eventually, after being put forward by RADA, she was awarded the Patricia Rothermere Scholarship.
Career.
Peake has appeared in a number of television and stage productions including Channel 4's "Shameless", Victoria Wood's "Dinnerladies" and Craig Cash's "Early Doors" as Janice. Between the two series of "Dinnerladies", following career advice from Victoria Wood, Peake lost so much weight that an explanation had to be written into the script for her character, Twinkle.
In 2006, Peake portrayed the Moors murderer Myra Hindley in "". "See No Evil" was broadcast in May 2006, and met with mixed reactions; soon after this Peake announced that she was quitting "Shameless".
Also in 2006, Peake appeared in "On the Third Day" the resultant play in Channel 4's "The Play's the Thing" televised competition. 
In 2007, she played Tracey Temple in the TV drama "Confessions of a Diary Secretary", which told the story of John Prescott's affair with his secretary. On 17 January 2008, she was the Cinderella character in the BBC's "Fairy Tales" series. On 26 March 2008, she starred in "Hancock and Joan", a drama in BBC Four's "Curse of Comedy" series. She played Joan Le Mesurier, wife of actor John Le Mesurier, who had an affair with comedian Tony Hancock shortly after she and Le Mesurier were married. Also in 2008, she played Miss Wade in the BBC adaptation of "Little Dorrit" and Elizabeth Lilburne in "The Devil's Whore".
January 2009 saw Peake appear in her first major feature film role, as Angela in the film "Clubbed", as well as in the Channel 4 trilogy "Red Riding". In 2010 Peake played the titular character in "The Secret Diaries of Miss Anne Lister" and in 2011 took the lead role of barrister Martha Costello in the BBC's legal drama, "Silk". 
She played the title role in a 2012 production of "Miss Julie" at the Royal Exchange, Manchester. She previously played the part of Kristin in a 2000 production. Also in 2012, she played Doll Tearsheet in the BBC2 adaptations of "Henry IV, Parts I and II".
In November 2012, a play that Peake had written and directed about the life of the Leeds born cyclist Beryl Burton and starring herself in the main role was broadcast on BBC Radio Four.
Peake provided the vocals for the Eccentronic Research Council's 2012 concept album '1612 Underture' about the Pendle Witch Trials.
She starred alongside John Simm in the BBC drama "The Village", depicting life in a Derbyshire village during World War I. She was nominated for a BAFTA in the leading actress category for her performance. She will reprise her role in the second series, set in the 1920s.
In September 2013 Peake was appointed an Associate Artist of the Royal Exchange Theatre in Manchester. She has been associated with the theatre since her childhood and was a member of the youth theatre. She has performed in several major productions there including "The Children's Hour" in 2008 for which she won a MEN Award and "Miss Julie" in 2012 for which she won a Manchester Theatre Award. All her performances at the Royal Exchange have been directed by Sarah Frankcom with whom she also collaborated on "The Masque of Anarchy" in 2012 for the Manchester International Festival. In September 2014 she will star in a radical re-imagining of "Hamlet",again directed by Sarah Frankcom at the Royal Exchange. .
In January 2014, Peake won the first Bolton Socialist Club Outstanding Contribution to Socialism Award for using her work to oppose the government's "crippling austerity measures". 

</doc>
<doc id="2868467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868467" title="Tiruchuli">
Tiruchuli

Thiruchuli is a village about 15 kilometers to the east of Aruppukkottai, 40 km east of Virudhunagarand 45 km south of Madurai in Tamil Nadu, India. It is considered to be a very holy place, in large part because it is the birthplace of Sri Ramana Maharishi, held by many to be the most revered Indian saint of the 20th century. The place also has a rich Saivite temple, Thirumeni Nathar Temple, one of the oldest ones in South India; the god in this temple is even worshipped by most of the popular 63 Saivites in Tamil Nadu. Tiruchuli is located on the western bank of the Gundar.
Temple.
The Bhuminathaswamy temple at Tiruchuli is counted among the 14 famous Shaiva centres in Pandya nadu. Name of God is Bhuminathar, Goddess is Thunaimalai Amman. Its deity has been venerated in the hymns sung by Shaivite Nayanar Sundaramoorthy and Sekkilar.
The temple has undergone extensive renovations and the present complex accommodates a number of shrines built over time within the high boundary walls constructed during the reign of Muthuramalinga Setupati. Swami Vivekananda was stayed three days in this temple due to the flood of Gundar river in his yatras.
Thiruchuli is admired by persons who are pious, religious and who love seclusion for meditation and chants in the name of the divine. There is also a Sri Ramana Ashram
This place comes under virudunagar district,this taluk comes under ramnad M.P
Infrastructure.
The river Gundaru is running at east side of the village. A big lake is at west side of the village. The main work is agriculture. Most of government staff and school teachers who are working in Tiruchuli and surrounding villages are staying here
Tiruchuli is having own Railway station, Taluk Office, Police station, Post office, treasury, Government hospital and good schools.
STD Calling code of Tiruchuli, is 04566
The NGO, ODAM, operates out of Thiruchuli and provides women self-help groups, literacy classes and has established a research biodiesel center 7 km outside of town.
Elected Representatives.
Tiruchuli (State Assembly Constituency) was created recently.
At present Mr.Thangam Thennarasu is the MLA.
As far as Local body is concerned, Mr. Ponnusamy is the Union Chairman.
Politics.
Election results:

</doc>
<doc id="2868468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868468" title="Alloysius Agu">
Alloysius Agu

Alloysius Uzoma Agu (born July 12, 1967 in Lagos) is a former football goalkeeper from Nigeria. Their number one choice in the early nineties, he played 28 international matches for the Nigerian national team. He was brought to the 1994 FIFA World Cup and the 1994 African Nations Cup as a cover for Peter Rufai. Agu retired at the age of 30, after having spent most of his career in Africa. He has served as the goalkeepeing coach for Enyimba and in April 2008 was named goalkeeper coach for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="2868471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868471" title="Pilgrim Trust">
Pilgrim Trust

The Pilgrim Trust is a national grant-making trust in the United Kingdom. It is based in London and is a registered charity under English law.
It was founded in 1930 with a two million pound grant by Edward Harkness, an American philanthropist. The trust's first secretary was former civil servant, Thomas Jones.
Recording Britain.
In 1940 the Trust funded a scheme "Recording the changing face of Britain" established by the Committee for the Employment of Artists in Wartime, part of the Ministry of Labour and National Service. Led by Sir Kenneth Clark, director of the National Gallery, it employed artists to record the home front in Britain, running until 1943. It was motivated by a desire to record and reflect the landscape, already undergoing a period of rapid change through urbanisation and changes in agriculture and further threatened by bombing and other effects of war. Some of the sixty three artists directly commissioned included John Piper, Sir William Russell Flint, Charles Knight, George Hooper (artist) and Rowland Hilder. A further thirty four artists contributed to the final total of over 1500 works. The collection was donated to the Victoria and Albert Museum by the Trust in 1949. Over a hundred works comprising the "Recording Scotland" part of the same scheme are held at the Museum Collections Unit, University of St. Andrews.
The Trust today.
Today, the trust makes grants of roughly 2 million pounds each year. Around 60% of these funds are given to preservation projects, particularly those aimed at preserving the fabric of architecturally or historically significant buildings, or those aimed at preserving historically interesting artifacts or documents. The trust has a particular interest in the preservation of historic churches and their contents. The remaining funds are allocated to social welfare causes, particularly projects which assist those misusing alcohol and drugs, and projects in prisons, including those that seek alternatives to custody. The trust is a principal contributor to the collaborative "National Cataloguing Grants Scheme" operated in conjunction with The National Archives.
Trustees.
The trustees of the trust at present are:

</doc>
<doc id="2868486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868486" title="Sigurd Lewerentz">
Sigurd Lewerentz

Sigurd Lewerentz (29 July 1885 in Sandö, Sweden – 29 December 1975 in Lund, Sweden) was an architect, initially trained as a mechanical engineer at the Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg (1905–8). Later he took up an architectural apprenticeship in Germany. He first opened his own office in Stockholm in 1911, and through his association with Gunnar Asplund became involved with the design of cemetery. 
Together they made a winning entry for the Stockholm South (Woodland) Cemetery competition of 1914–15. This project was implemented initially by both architects, however, the latter stages were done by Asplund alone. He and Asplund were appointed as the main architects for the Stockholm International Exhibition (1930) but afterwards Lewerentz became disillusioned, Lewerentz turned away from architecture for many years, and from 1940 he ran a factory producing windows and other architectural fittings of his own design. 
Sigurd Lewerentz, together with his colleagues Erik Lallerstedt and David Helldén, created what is regarded of one of the masterpieces of functionalist architecture, Malmö Opera and Music Theatre. The foyer is considered of particular beauty, with its open surfaces and beautiful marble staircases and it is adorned with a number of works of art by artists such as Carl Milles and Isaac Grünewald.
In the last decade of his life he designed two churches, St. Mark's, Björkhagen, Stockholm (1956) and St. Peter's, Klippan (1963), that revived his career in architecture. He continued to work at competition proposals and furniture designs until shortly before his death.
Klippan is a small town in western Sweden , St Peters sits in a suburban setting on the periphery of the town . The orientation of the Church is correct , with the altar standing opposite the west doors . It is square in shape , suggesting a more intimate ritual in the tradition of "circonstantes" (Standing in a circle), which harks back to early Christianity . This was the religious equivalent of the search for the essential and the primitive ,strongly evident in both of Lewerentz' late churches . These characteristics are expressed beautifully in the detailing of the buildings , the choice of materials , the quality of light and the spatial articulation. 

</doc>
<doc id="2868492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868492" title="Randy Smith (basketball)">
Randy Smith (basketball)

Randolph "Randy" Smith (December 12, 1948 – June 4, 2009) was an American professional basketball player who set the NBA record for consecutive games played. From 1972-1982, Smith played in every regular season game, en route to a then-record of 906 straight games (since broken by A. C. Green). He was born in Bellport, New York.
College.
Smith was an outstanding all-around athlete at Buffalo State College, earning All-American honors in three sports: basketball, soccer and track. (At Bellport High School on Long Island, Smith was a standout on the soccer and basketball teams, and set a state high jump record of 6-foot-6.) However, it was on the basketball court that Smith shone brightest, teaming with Durie Burns to lead the Bengals to three straight conference championships, including a trip to the Final Four of the NCAA Division II Tournament in 1970, where Smith earned All-Tournament honors. 
By national standards, Buffalo State was a small, obscure school, and it was only because of the local connection that Smith was drafted to the NBA at all. In 1971, he was selected by the Buffalo Braves in the seventh round (104th pick overall) of the NBA Draft.
NBA.
Smith surprised everyone in training camp, and he made the final roster cuts. Despite standing only 6-foot-3, he was assigned to play forward. He averaged 13.4 points per game in his rookie season. Smith continued to improve beyond expectation, drawing on his tremendous speed, quickness and leaping ability. His style of play, along with contemporaries like Julius Erving, marked by fast breaks and "above the rim" ball movements influenced the offense style of the NBA in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Playing alongside league scoring champion Bob McAdoo, Smith averaged 21.8 points per game in the 1975-76 season, and was named to the All-NBA Second Team. 
The highlight of Smith’s career was the 1978 NBA All-Star Game, where he came off the bench to lead all scorers with 27 points, and was named the game’s Most Valuable Player.
Smith played for seven years for the Braves until the franchise was shifted to the San Diego Clippers in 1978. That first year with the Clippers, Smith had his fourth consecutive season averaging over 20 points per game.
In 1979, Smith was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers, where he was named team captain and played for two years. He spent the 1981 season with the New York Knicks, before moving back to San Diego for another season. Smith retired from professional basketball in 1983 after playing fifteen games for the Atlanta Hawks.
NASL.
In early 1975 at age 26, while nearing the height of his basketball career, Smith turned lots of heads at a tryout for the expansion Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League. Rowdies' management had hoped to sign the 2-time college soccer All-American for the outdoor season as one of their "required" American players; however his contract with the Braves would not allow him to play professional soccer at the time. A year later while in between basketball contracts, the Rowdies gave him another look. But it wasn't meant to be. After a third and final tryout in 1977, Rowdies coach Eddie Firmani felt that the combination of playing pro basketball and not playing any soccer for so long had diminished Smith's soccer skills too much.
Post-NBA.
After retiring as a player, Smith was an N.B.A. league executive whose duties included assisting former players in need, and he was a coach in the Continental Basketball Association before working at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, where he worked in promotion.
On June 4, 2009, Smith died in Norwich, Connecticut, after a heart attack during a workout.

</doc>
<doc id="2868493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868493" title="Malia Hosaka">
Malia Hosaka

Malia Hosaka (born October 7, 1969), is an American retired professional wrestler. She is a former NWA World Women's Champion.
Professional wrestling career.
Malia Hosaka was trained by Killer Kowalski at the wrestling training camp run by Misty Blue Simmes. In her debut match, Hosaka (wearing a Mary Lou Retton-inspired gymnastics outfit and billed as "Malia Ho") teamed with Simmes against Mad Dog Debbie Irons and Linda Dallas.
Ladies Professional Wrestling Association.
In the early 1990s, Hosaka regularly wrestled for the Ladies Professional Wrestling Association. On February 13, 1992, she teamed with Bambi to challenge the LPWA Tag Team Champions The Glamour Girls on the LPWA Super Ladies Showdown pay-per-view. She also competed in the Ladies Major League Wrestling and Women's Pro Wrestling organizations in the early 1990s.
Extreme Championship Wrestling.
Hosaka debuted in Extreme Championship Wrestling at "NWA Bloodfest" on October 1, 1993 and defeated Molly McShane. She then substituted for Madusa at "November to Remember" on November 13, 1993, and wrestled against Sherri Martel.
Independent circuit and World Championship Wrestling.
Hosaka joined World Championship Wrestling in 1996 and competed in their newly formed women's division. She wrestled in the tournament to crown the first WCW Women's Champion, but was eliminated by Zero. During her tenure in WCW, she was managed by Sonny Onoo and frequently wrestled on "WCW Monday Nitro" and "WCW Saturday Night" against Madusa, Leilani Kai and WCW Women's Champion Akira Hokuto. In 1997, she competed in the WCW Women's Cruiserweight Championship tournament and was defeated in the finals by Toshie Uematsu. During March 1997, Malia Hosaka wrestled Madusa Miceli. During this memorable match, Madusa became extremely brutal with Malia. She grabbed her by the hair. Then she tossed her around the ring by the hair.
In 1998, Hosaka became a two-time New Dimension Wrestling Women's Champion. She defeated Debbie Combs for the belt on August 7, but lost it to Starla Saxton two weeks later. The next night, Hosaka defeated Saxton to once again become champion. She held the belt for approximately a month and a half until she lost it to "The Foxy Lady" on November 9, 1998. Hosaka wrestled against Saxton in matches taped for "WCW Pro" on May 16, 1998 and "WCW WorldWide" on September 19, 1998 and December 26, 1998.
In 1999, Hosaka took on longtime rival Brandi Alexander in a non-title match in Tulelake, California, for Rob Russen's IWA Florida promotion. She was billed as IWA Women's World Champion, but did not have the belt with her.
World Wrestling Federation.
In 1999, Hosaka signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Federation. She defeated Brandi Alexander in a dark match on March 29, 1999. She then appeared on the June 28, 1999 edition of "Raw Is War" as a fan answering Ivory's challenge for her WWF Women's Championship but was instead attacked by Nicole Bass and Ivory until WWF head of security Jim Dotson stopped them. Since she was instantly recognized from her WCW appearances, the proposed “Rocky Balboa” idea for Malia's character fell to the way-side. WWF kept her under contract for a year, and shortly before her contract expired they considered bringing her to the main roster under the name "Aphrodisia" and pairing her with soon-to-be debuting talent Essa Rios. Instead, the role was given to Amy Dumas and the character was renamed "Lita". Hosaka was then released due to an internal lack of character idea development.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
After being released by the WWF, Hosaka returned to the independent circuit. She was contacted by David McLane to compete in the Women of Wrestling organization, but Hosaka turned down the offer because she felt McLaine was more interested hiring models and training them to act like wrestlers. On June 18, 2003, Hosaka competed in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and was defeated by Trinity.
Independent circuit.
In 2005, Hosaka appeared at "Wrestle Reunion" in an 8-woman tag team match teaming with Wendi Richter, Bambi, and Jenny Taylor against Sherri Martel, Peggy Lee Leather, Krissy Vaine, and Amber O'Neal.
In 2006, Malia became part of the then-fledgling SHIMMER roster. Malia debuted as a villainess in a losing effort against Lorelei Lee, but after the match, she and Lexie Fyfe attacked Lee in the ring before Cindy Rodgers made the save. On Volume 4, Hosaka and Fyfe defeated Lee and Cindy Rogers in a tag team match. On Volume 5 they became an official team under the name The Experience, and would start a winning streak which was broken by Cheerleader Melissa and MsChif on Volume 12. They then started another winning streak which was broken this time by Ashley and Nevaeh in the final of a six-team Gauntlet Match on Volume 21. After missing Volume 23 The Experience came back as part of the Volume 24 as they defeated the team of Rayna Von Tosh and Tenille. Once again the Experience missed a Volume but they came back as part of the Volume 26 losing to the team of Nikki Roxx and Ariel. Lexie Fyfe, due to some illness, was not scheduled for the SHIMMER 4th ANNIVERSARY Tapings but Malia was and defeated Tenille, but lost to Ariel in Singles Action.
Malia was also the "Queen of PMA" for Team PMA along with Syren and Evil Zebra.
On July 4, 2009 at the United States Championship Wrestling "Summerbash 2009" show in Macclenny, Florida, Hosaka won the vacant USCW Women's Championship by defeating Amber O' Neal in the finals of the championship tournament match.
On February 17, 2012 via her Facebook she announced her retirement:
"It has been a great 25 years, and I am grateful to all the fans who have supported me thru the years! but I am officially retired from the wrestling industry as of today. Thank you to all who supported/employed and believed in me thru the years!" 

</doc>
<doc id="2868494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868494" title="Ralph Lundsten">
Ralph Lundsten

Ralph Lundsten is a Swedish composer of electronic music, as well as a film director, artist and author.
He was born on 6 October 1936 in Ersnäs, Norrbotten, in northern Sweden, and now lives in Nacka on the outskirts of Stockholm, still close to the forest and the sea. His home is Castle Frankenburg, dating from 1878, a wooden fairytale mansion which also houses his famous picture and electronic music studio Andromeda.
Since 1959 he has lived an independent life, creating his own personal musical language, and preparing original films and exhibitions. His song "Out in the Wide World" serves as the signature tune for Radio Sweden International broadcasts.
During the 1950s Ralph Lundsten built his own electronic musical instruments and was one of the first pioneers in this field.

</doc>
<doc id="2868499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868499" title="Mary Marshall Dyer">
Mary Marshall Dyer

Mary Marshall Dyer (1780-1867), was a voice for the largely forgotten Anti-Shakerism sentiment in rural New Hampshire. In 1813 she joined the Shakers of Enfield, New Hampshire. It took only two years later for her to leave and blame them for alienating her from her children. Despite that, her husband and her family decided to stay. This irritated her so she did tours and wrote tracts against the Shakers. The main writings she did were "A Brief Statement of the Sufferings of Mary Dyer" and "A Portraiture of Shakerism" in 1822. She also got a mob together to storm the Enfield Shaker Community to take her children back, but this effort failed. One problem she had was that her husband Joseph remained devout to the community and criticized her in strong terms. Another was that only one of her five children ever left the Shakers, and he never became close to her. By the 1850s her anti-Shakerism seemed extreme, in New England at least, and she died as a largely forgotten figure in 1867.
She is the earliest known example of an activist working to counter the practice of what today is commonly known as "parental kidnapping" or "parental child abduction." Unlike others who also published books on Shaker-related parental kidnappings and lobbied for laws against such practices involving Shaker parents (Capt. Joseph Smith, 1810; Eunice Chapman, 1819), Mary took an active part in assisting others involved in such cases and in educating the public about the overtly anti-family ideology and activities of the Shakers. Her activism reached from 1815 until her death in 1867.
The Dyer Family:
Joseph Dyer (Jun. 19, 1772 - 1858), husband of Mary Marshall Dyer
Caleb Marshall Dyer (Aug. 25, 1800 – Jul. 18, 1863), son
Betsey Dyer (Jan. 6, 1802 – 1824), daughter
Jerrub Dyer (Mar. 27, 1806 – 1886), son
Joseph Dyer Jr. (Feb. 9, 1809 – 1840), son
Orville Dyer (Jun. 15, 1804 – 1882), son
Publications:
Dyer, Mary M., A brief statement of the sufferings of Mary Dyer occasioned by the society called Shakers, 1818, William S. Spear, Boston, 35 pp.
Dyer, Mary M. (as Mary Marshall), A portraiture of Shakerism, exhibiting a general view of their character and conduct, from the first appearance of Ann Lee in New-England, down to the present time, Printed for the Author N.H., Jun. 1823 (“1822”), 446 pp
Dyer, Mary M., Reply to the Shakers' statements called a "Review of the Portraiture of Shakerism," with an account of sickness and death of Betsy Dyer; a sketch of the journey of the author and testimonies from several persons, 1824, Marshall (Concord, N.H.), 112 pp.
Dyer, Mary M., The Rise And Progress Of The Serpent From The Garden Of Eden, To The Present Day: With A Disclosure Of Shakerism, Exhibiting A General View Of Their Real Character And Conduct—From The First Appearance Of Ann Lee. Also, The Life And Sufferings Of The Author, Who Was Mary M. Dyer, But Now Is Mary Marshall, Concord, N.H., 1847, 269 pp.
Dyer, Joseph, A compendious narrative, elucidating the character, disposition and conduct of Mary Dyer from the time of her marriage, in 1799, till she left the society called Shakers, in 1815, with a few remarks upon certain charges which she has since published against that society. Together with sundry depositions, 1819 (“1818”), Concord [N.H., Printed by Isaac Hill for the author, Concord, N.H., 88 pp. (Early American Imprints: 43899; 47864); 2nd edition, 1826, Pittsfield
Dyer, Mary M., Shakerism Exposed, 1852, Dartmouth Press (Hanover, N.H.), 32 pp.

</doc>
<doc id="2868509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868509" title="Rhyll, Victoria">
Rhyll, Victoria

Rhyll is a small fishing town on Phillip Island in Victoria, Australia. It is located in the north-east corner of the island. It is named after Rhyl, a holiday resort in North Wales, Great Britain. At the 2011 census, Rhyll had a population of 674.
The first European to arrive in the area was George Bass, who landed in 1798 to make repairs to his ship. He returned in the same year with Matthew Flinders and a memorial for this landing is maintained close to Rhyll pier. A temporary British settlement called Flagstaff was established in 1826, and was settled in 1856. 
The Post Office opened on 19 September 1889. It operates as a central mail collection point for locals as there is no mail delivery. It is also a General Store.
There is a boat service centre, and a three lane boat ramp which is accessible 24 hours. A daily or annual ramp ticket is required to be displayed in vehicles using the ramp. 
The mangrove boardwalk of the Rhyll Inlet is a haven for pelicans, black swans, gulls and Straw-necked Ibis. The all-tide boat ramp is equipped with barbecues, two playgrounds, tennis courts and public toilets. Rhyll contains a general store, and accommodation includes several B&B's, and a full range of dining is available, from a local tavern and restaurant, to breakfast dining and restaurants with take-away menus, including a fish'n'chip shop.

</doc>
<doc id="2868511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868511" title="Cape Gloucester">
Cape Gloucester

Cape Gloucester (also known as Tuluvu) is a headland on the northern side of the far west of the island of New Britain, Papua New Guinea. During World War II, the Japanese captured New Britain, and had driven most of Cape Gloucester's native population out to construct two airfields. During the New Britain Campaign, American forces had decided to capture Cape Gloucester for its two airfields, to assist planned attacks on the garrison on Rabaul, an important area in New Britain. It became the site of the Battle of Cape Gloucester, part of Operation Cartwheel, in 1943. After long fighting through rain, and Japanese, the United States 1st Marine Division had it declared secured. After the war, the headland was given back to the natives.

</doc>
<doc id="2868512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868512" title="Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 1975">
Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 1975

Edward Heath, leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister had called and unexpectedly lost the February 1974 general election. Although the Labour Party were able only to form a minority government, the following October 1974 general election saw them obtain a three-seat majority, and it was widely expected that Heath (who had led the party for the previous decade but lost three of the four general elections he contested) would not be leader of the party for much longer.
At the time the rules for electing a party leader only applied when the post was vacant and there was no way to challenge an incumbent. Heath faced many critics calling for either his resignation or a change in the rules for leadership elections to allow for a challenge. Heath eventually agreed with the 1922 Committee that there would be a review of the rules for leadership elections and subsequently he would put himself up for re-election.
A review was conducted under the auspices of Heath's predecessor Sir Alec Douglas-Home. Two recommendations were made, though neither was to make a difference in 1975 (although they would prove crucial in future years). The leader would henceforth be elected annually, whether the party was in opposition or government, in the period following a Queen's Speech, though in most years this would prove a formality. Also on the first round the requirement for a victorious candidate to have a lead of 15% over their nearest rival was modified so that this would now be 15% of the total number of MPs, not just those voting for candidates.
The election campaign.
Following the review, Heath called a leadership election for 4 February 1975, in order to assert his authority as leader of the party. Many expected the contest to be a walkover, believing there was no clear alternative to Heath after Keith Joseph had ruled himself out following controversial remarks calling on poor people to have less children and William Whitelaw had pledged loyalty to Heath. Many other shadow cabinet members pledged their support for Heath including Jim Prior, Peter Carrington, Leader in the House of Lords, and Robert Carr, Shadow Chancellor.
However Margaret Thatcher opted to stand, with Airey Neave as her campaign manager, as did backbencher Hugh Fraser. Even then many believed that Heath would win easily. Thatcher's support was seen as minimal, with all the Conservative daily newspapers backing Heath (although the weekly "The Spectator" backed Thatcher). As the election went on it became clear that the race was going to be much closer, as Thatcher became the clear candidate to be supported by discontented backbenchers. She also had the good luck of being able to attack the Labour government's finance bill in the Commons during the campaign, which showed off her credentials well despite the extra workload.
As Chairman of the 1922 Committee, Edward du Cann managed the election. The first ballot had the following result:
Results.
Heath resigned, but another ballot was needed. This was held on 11 February.
49-year-old Thatcher was the first (and to date the only) woman to be elected leader of a major political party in the United Kingdom. Whilst Margaret Beckett was interim leader of the Labour Party after John Smith's death in May 1994 until the election of Tony Blair in July 1994, and Harriet Harman served as acting Labour leader following Gordon Brown's resignation in May 2010 until September 2010, neither Beckett nor Harman was elected to such a position. Thatcher would also go on to become the nation's first female prime minister.

</doc>
<doc id="2868524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868524" title="Summerlands, Victoria">
Summerlands, Victoria

Summerlands was a residential subdivision on Phillip Island in Victoria, Australia, located in the south-west corner of the island, close to a Little Penguin breeding colony. In 1985 the Victorian government decided that to protect the penguin rookery, further development of the subdivision would be prohibited and that all the properties would be progressively purchased by the state.
History.
In the early 20th century the Summerland Peninsula had remained relatively untouched by European settlement compared to the rest of the island. Although chickory, mustard and oats for horse fodder were grown there, the land was of minimal pastoral or agricultural value to farmers. As a result the penguin colony survived where others on the island did not.
Subdivision of the area was carried out between the 1920s until the 1960s. The first subdivision consisted of 12 large allotments, along with features such as a roundabout and cypress trees that were still visible decades later. Between 1927 and 1931 227 new blocks were created, and from 1929 to 1940 there was a nine-hole golf course on what is now the Penguin Parade car park.
In 1950s a further 437 blocks were created, and the final subdivisions were carried out in 1958 and 1961 on land closer to the Nobbies. Much of the land was sold to speculators rather than those interested in building on it, and by 1974 only 11 percent of the 986 blocks of lands had been cleared or built on.
Land buyback.
Progressive residential development on the Summerland Estate was considered a threat to the survival of the penguin colony. The 1989 Phillip Island Penguin Reserve Management Plan called the estate "a major blight on the landscape". In the early 1970s the local shire had started to buy back land on the estate.
In 1985 the Victorian government announced that it would purchase all 774 allotments on the Summerland Peninsula to protect the penguin colony, setting up the "Summerland Estate Buy-Back Programme". The programme had a projected end date of 2000, with the land to be added to the Phillip Island Nature Park. During this period land owners could not build on their land, improve their properties, or sell them to anyone but the Government. By 2007, 732 properties had been voluntarily sold by their owners, at a cost to the government of around a million dollars a year.
The buyback process was finalised in 2007, with the compulsorily acquisition of the final 42 properties (20 empty blocks and 22 with houses, held by 34 private owners) to take place over the next three years at a cost of $15 million. In 2008 five property purchases were settled and agreement to purchase one property was reached, along with six negotiated purchase offers and one offer for compulsory acquisition. In 2008-09 14 properties were purchased taking the total number to 25, leaving 17 properties still to be acquired.
In June 2010 the government announced that the buy-back programme had been completed and the land involved was in the process of being added to the Phillip Island Nature Park and revegetated. A few scattered houses remained on the subdivision.

</doc>
<doc id="2868525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868525" title="Chidi Nwanu">
Chidi Nwanu

Chidi Nwanu (born 1 January 1967 in Port Harcourt) is a former football defender from Nigeria. He won 20 caps for his country, and was part of the squads for the 1994 FIFA World Cup and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1988, while playing for ACB Lagos, Nwanu was declared unwanted by coach Patrick Ekeji. Nwanu went on to play in lower divisions in Belgium before he was picked up by Jupiler League side K.S.K. Beveren. After three seasons he was bought by giants R.S.C. Anderlecht, who won the league twice during his stay. Nwanu played very few matches, however, and he eventually retired after an unsuccessful spell in RKC Waalwijk.

</doc>
<doc id="2868534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868534" title="Van Sweringen railroad holdings">
Van Sweringen railroad holdings

In addition to streetcar lines, the Van Sweringen Brothers of Cleveland, Ohio owned a vast network of steam railroads.
History.
The New York Central Railroad had owned the closely parallel New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad since 1882, soon after its opening. Due to fears of prosecution under the 1914 Clayton Antitrust Act, the NYC sold the line on July 5, 1915 to the newly formed Nickel Plate Securities Corporation, a holding company formed by the Vans. They were at first only interested in the line to provide a right-of-way for their Shaker Heights Rapid Transit to downtown.
By 1920 the Vans had decided they wanted control of other railroads, including the Lehigh Valley Railroad, Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad, Western Maryland Railway, Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway, Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway, Pere Marquette Railway, Cincinnati Northern Railroad and Toledo, St. Louis and Western Railroad (Clover Leaf), as well as partial ownership in the Lake Erie and Western Railroad and Philadelphia and Reading Railway.
The Vaness Company was incorporated in Delaware on January 9, 1922 as a holding company to own all the other holding companies. The Clover Leaf Company was incorporated February 25 to own the Toledo, St. Louis and Western Railroad, and the Western Company March 11 for the Lake Erie and Western Railroad. The LE&W was bought for $3 million from the New York Central Railroad on April 26. On July 1, 1923 and LE&W and Clover Leaf were merged into the Nickel Plate.
For the next several years, the Vans bought up the stock of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (including its Hocking Valley Railway), the Pere Marquette Railway and the Erie Railroad. On August 20, 1924 they announced plans to merge the four companies into the New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad (Nickel Plate) to form a new New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railway. They applied to the Interstate Commerce Commission on February 21, 1925, but were denied March 2, 1926 due to unsound financing. The plan was opposed by many C&O stockholders.
On February 3, 1927 the Vans, along with the New York Central Railroad and Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, bought the Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway. Four days later the Vans announced that they would make the C&O the centerpiece of their system, selling the Erie and Pere Marquette to them.
The Alleghany Corporation was incorporated January 26, 1929 in Maryland to hold the Vans' stock in the Nickel Plate, Chesapeake Corporation, Erie and C&O, as well as a partial ownership of the Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railway (traded to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in March for the B&O's part of the W&LE; the Vans acquired the rest of it from the NYC at the same time). In April 1930 the Alleghany Corporation bought the Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad and 46% of the Missouri Pacific Railroad, gaining a majority of the MoPac on May 13. The Hocking Valley Railway merged into the C&O April 30, 1930.
Due to the Great Depression, the planned "Fourth System" failed. The new Midamerica Company bought most of the old assets on September 30, 1935 in an attempt to reorganize.
The Pere Marquette Railway merged into the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway on June 6, 1947. The Nickel Plate leased the Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway on December 1, 1949, and on October 16, 1964 the Nickel Plate was merged into the Norfolk and Western Railway. The Erie merged into the Erie-Lackawanna Railroad on October 17, 1960. This left three pieces of the old system - part of the N&W, part of the EL, and the C&O. On August 31, 1965 the N&W and C&O announced a planned merger, with a holding company named Dereco to own the EL and several other lines. Dereco was incorporated March 1, 1968, acquiring the EL April 1. But the planned merger never happened. The C&O has since become part of CSX Transportation, the N&W part of the Norfolk Southern Railway, and the EL part of Conrail, split between CSX and NS in 1998 (at which time most of the former Erie went to NS).

</doc>
<doc id="2868535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868535" title="Beachcomber, Victoria">
Beachcomber, Victoria

Beachcomber is a small town on Phillip Island in Victoria, Australia. It is located on Back Beach Road, on the shores of Smiths Beach. It is home to a Short-tailed Shearwater or Australian Muttonbird colony.

</doc>
<doc id="2868539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868539" title="Rob Hollink">
Rob Hollink

Rob Hollink (born March 27, 1962 in Enschede, Netherlands) is a professional poker player based in Groningen. He has won both a European Poker Tour (EPT) title and World Series of Poker bracelet, becoming the first person from the Netherlands to do so, first was at the EPT's inaugural Grand Final of the European Poker Tour in Monte Carlo in 2005 and then he won his first bracelet at the 2008 World Series of Poker in the $10,000 Limit Hold'em World Championship, becoming the first Dutch bracelet winner.
Before poker.
Prior to playing poker professionally, Hollink played tennis, football (soccer) and basketball when he was a kid, but injuries prevented his career from progressing as far as he wanted. Rob Hollink has been a professional gambler since 1985, beating games like; golden ten, black-jack and even roulette. After winning a poker-tournament in Paris in 2001, Hollink decided to stop playing black-jack and roulette and proceeded as a pokerpro.
Poker career.
His numerous Omaha tournament wins include:
Rob also made the final table of the Pot Limit Omaha tournament at the 2003 World Series of Poker (WSOP).
On August 7, 2003, the opening event of the 2003 World Championship of Online Poker, a $109 buyin heads up No Limit tournament, was won by Hollink for a $12,800 first prize, using the screen name 'batoelrob.' 
In no limit hold'em events, Rob has finished in the money of two World Poker Tour (WPT) events:
One of his greatest wins was defeating the 211 player field at the €10,000 European Poker Tour Grand Final in Monte Carlo, where he took home the €635,000 ($845,190) grand prize. Fellow Dutch poker player Marcel Lüske had tipped him to win the event shortly before.
In 2005, Hollink managed to win 4 tournaments, he won the European tournament performance of the year and was also chosen as European poker player of the year
In June 2008, Rob Hollink won the $10,000 World Championship Limit Hold'em at the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas, earning $496,931.
In 2010 his total live tournament winnings exceed $3,100,000. His 24 cashes at the WSOP account for $890,659 of those winnings.
Since 2001, Rob Hollink won 14 tournaments out of 44 final tables in live poker-tournaments.
Since 2007, Rob Hollink has been a poker-instructor at www.nederpoker.com

</doc>
<doc id="2868549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868549" title="Cape Woolamai, Victoria">
Cape Woolamai, Victoria

Cape Woolamai is a small town and headland at the south eastern tip of Phillip Island in Victoria, Australia. It is home to Cape Woolamai State Faunal Reserve, and the Phillip Island Airfield. Cape Woolamai contains a subdivision also called Cape Woolamai (formerly known as Woolamai Waters and Woolamai Waters West).
History.
The cape was named by George Bass (but spelt "Wollamai") when he passed it on his whaleboat voyage in early 1798. "Wollamai" is the snapper fish ("Pagrus auratus") in the language of the Eora aboriginal people of Port Jackson, where the fish is found. Bass, who had learnt some of the Sydney language from the Eora leader Bennelong,) thought the headland resembled the head of that fish. 
In 1826, during the establishment of Fort Dumaresq, near Rhyll, coal was reported to have been found in the vicinity of the Cape.
The area was purchased from the government in 1868 by John Cleeland, sea captain, publican and owner of the Melbourne Cup winner of 1875, 'Wollomai'. He then built Wollomai House, and ran merino sheep from New South Wales. In 1910 his son, John Blake Cleeland, noticed the sand was shifting due to erosion so he planted rows of Marram grass, still evident today.
In 1959, of farmland was sold and subdivided into housing estates for beach shacks and holiday makers. It was then named ' Woolamai Waters and Woolamai Waters West ', and later renamed ' Cape Woolamai '. Cape Woolamai had a Post Office from 1970 to (probably) 1974 which was open only during summer. A Woolamai Post Office was open from 1911 until 1974.
Environment.
The headland contains remnant vegetation and wildlife such as an important breeding colony of the Short-tailed Shearwater or Australian Muttonbird. Volunteer groups such as the Cape Woolamai Coast Action Group conduct regular improvement and maintenance works including weed control and revegetation. It lies within the Phillip Island Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance in supporting significant populations of Little Penguins, Short-tailed Shearwaters and Pacific Gulls.

</doc>
<doc id="2868550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868550" title="Nick Novak">
Nick Novak

Nicholas Ryan "Nick" Novak (born August 21, 1981) is an American football placekicker who is currently playing for the San Diego Chargers in the National Football League. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Maryland.
Novak has been a member of the Dallas Cowboys, Washington Redskins, Arizona Cardinals, Cologne Centurions, Kansas City Chiefs, Florida Tuskers,and New York Jets.
Early years.
Novak was born and grew up in San Diego, California and has the same godmother (Dorothy Vails-Weber) as tight end Kellen Winslow II. After moving to Charlottesville, Virginia in 1994, Novak attended Albemarle High School where he was a letterman in football and soccer. In football, he was a three-year varsity letterman, twice garnering All-District and All-"Daily Progress" honors, and winning All-State honors following his sophomore and senior seasons. Novak was also a central defender on some of Albemarle's best soccer teams, starring with twin brother Chris. Nick's older brother Andrew was a 2-time All-State selection and MVP of Western Albemarle High School's only Virginia State Champion Soccer Team. Both of Nick's brothers went on to play college soccer. Nick graduated from Albemarle High School in 2000. Nick's parents are Drs. Julie and Bob Novak, Professors at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio.
College career.
Novak attended the University of Maryland. It was during a nationally televised game in 2001 against Georgia Tech that the then-redshirt freshman established himself, successfully completing a 46-yard field goal to send the game into overtime, and earning his nickname, "The Kick". In the second stanza, Novak connected on a 26-yard field goal that ultimately won the game for a resurgent Terrapin team. Novak would go on to establish himself as one of the more consistent and clutch kickers in the country; his leg keyed comeback victories against North Carolina State in 2002 and 2003. Accordingly, he was frequently an all-conference specialist and a mainstay on the Lou Groza watchlist. During the first game of his senior season, he became the ACC's all-time leading scorer, kicking a field goal allowing him to surpass Scott Bentley's career total of 324 points. Novak ultimately ended his college career with 393 points, best in the league and fifth-best all-time amongst kickers in the NCAA at the time of his graduation.
He was awarded the Jim Tatum Award by the ACC, given annually to the top senior student-athlete among the league's football players. He remains the only Maryland player to receive that award. Said Maryand Coach Ralph Freidgen, "I don't think there could have been a more deserving recipient for the Tatum Award than Nick Novak. Everything he does in his life is toward the goal of perfection. It has been a pleasure to see the effort that he has given both on the field and in the classroom and he is a tremendous example of the type of person and player we are looking for at the University of Maryland."
While at Maryland, Novak was a two-time member of the All-ACC Academic Football team, a three-time member of the ACC Honor Roll and made Maryland's Dean's List on three occasions. He is a three-time CoSida Academic All-District selection and was named the 2004 LeFrak Scholar, an honor given to a Maryland football player, basketball player and track athlete who "exhibits extraordinary athletic ability, leadership and athletic achievement."
Novak was also a member of the Maryland Alpha chapter of Phi Delta Theta at The University of Maryland in College Park.
In 2007, Novak was selected to be commemorated in a special edition poster recognizing the top 30 figures in Maryland football history entitled, "A Winning Tradition," "honoring and paying tribute to the players and coaches who made a significant impact on the Maryland Football Program, both on and off the field over the past fifty plus years."
Professional career.
Washington Redskins.
Novak, an undrafted free agent, signed with the Washington Redskins in September 2005, and appeared in five games, notably hitting a game-winning extra point in a season opening Monday night game at Dallas and coming through with a game-saving tackle on the ensuing kickoff. That year he also kicked a game-winning field goal in overtime against the Seattle Seahawks, which kept the Redskins undefeated and atop the NFC East. Because he was signed that year for the limited purpose of filling in for an ailing John Hall, he was released shortly after Hall returned to form. He was signed almost immediately by the Arizona Cardinals, for kickoff duties while Neil Rackers hobbled through the latter half of the 2005 season. Novak appeared in five games for the Cardinals in 2005 and was 3 for 3 on field goal attempts.
After spending the 2006 preseason with the Cardinals, he re-signed with the Washington Redskins on October 10, 2006, again replacing injured kicker John Hall. On November 5, after missing a 49-yard field goal with 35 seconds left, Redskin safety Troy Vincent blocked a Dallas Cowboys field goal; Sean Taylor picked the ball up and ran it all the way to the Dallas 45-yard line. Then, a facemask penalty was called which moved the ball to the Cowboy 30 and gave the Redskins one more play with no time on the clock. Novak then kicked a 47-yard field goal to defeat Dallas 22–19. It was subsequently ranked the fourth greatest moment in FedExField history by Redskins.com. On December 4, the Redskins released Novak in favor of Shaun Suisham.
NFL Europe.
After the end of the 2006 season, he was signed by the Chicago Bears and allocated to NFL Europa where he was the placekicker for the Cologne Centurions in NFL Europa's final season. He had a successful campaign in Europe, including a game-winner for the third-place Centurions. After an impressive preseason with the Bears, Novak was released due to the presence of All-Pro kicker Robbie Gould.
Kansas City Chiefs.
Novak auditioned for several teams during the 2007 season, including the San Diego Chargers, the Jacksonville Jaguars and the Kansas City Chiefs. Novak was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs on February 18, 2008.
On September 28, 2008, Novak kicked four field goals for the Chiefs in their 33–19 victory over the Denver Broncos. On October 21, 2008, Novak was cut after missing two field goals in the previous game, being replaced by Connor Barth. Novak was one of seven kickers to be on the Chiefs roster in the past two years.
San Diego Chargers.
Novak signed with the reigning AFC West Champion San Diego Chargers on April 29, 2010 to provide depth behind Nate Kaeding. After matching Kaeding, but ultimately losing out to the incumbent, the Chargers released him in the final round of preseason cuts.
Florida Tuskers.
The Florida Tuskers of the United Football League signed Novak for the 2010 season. In his league debut against the Las Vegas Locomotives, Novak set the UFL record for the longest field goal with a 54-yarder. In that game he also made a 23-yard field goal and three point after touchdown kicks. For his performance, he was named the UFL Special Teams Player of the Week. Against Hartford in Week 4, Novak was again named UFL Special Teams Player of the Week when he connected on field goals of 29, 42, 24, and 38 yards, in a close Tusker victory. Novak’s four field goals were a single-game United Football League record, as were his 15 overall points. During the regular season, Novak led the league in points with 69, was 15–18 on field goals and holds every league and career place-kicking record in UFL history. Novak added on 2 field goals and 2 extra points in the UFL Championship to push his overall point total to 77 and his final field goal total to 17/21. On November 24, Novak was named the UFL Special Teams MVP for the 2010 season.
Notably, in mid-October 2010, the San Diego Chargers wanted to sign Novak to replace an injured Nate Kaeding. Novak beat out three other kickers in a tryout for the position at Charger Park. However, there were games still remaining in the UFL season and Novak remained under contract with the Tuskers. The Chargers were willing to pay the UFL required release fee of $150,000 to get him, but the UFL denied the request in order to keep Novak through the end of its season.
New York Jets.
Novak signed with the New York Jets on February 9, 2011 to compete with incumbent Nick Folk. "The New York Daily News" chronicled his attempt to make the Jets' roster in an August 2011 feature entitled, "'"Journeyman Nick Novak Gives Incumbent Nick Folk a Run for Starting Job in Jets Camp"." He was waived after the final pre-season game on August 30.
Return to Hometown San Diego Chargers.
Novak's 18/20 (90%) field goal percentage during the 2012 regular season was the third most efficient campaign in Chargers history. His two misses were from 54 and 55 yards. He converted his other two attempts from beyond 50 yards. On December 9, 2012, Novak became only the fourth kicker in Heinz Field history to make a field goal of more than 50 yards there. The 34-24 victory was the first ever regular season win for the Chargers over the Steelers at Pittsburgh. He was 33 of 33 on extra points. 50% of his onside kicks were recovered (NFL average is around 20%) and he had 22 touchbacks out of 60 kickoffs with the opponents average starting field position being the 21.6 yard-line. Of 30 NFL kickers and Special Teams Units with at least 30 kick-offs in 2012, only 4 had a better avg. kick-off starting field position than Novak and the Chargers (19.9-Browns, 20.6-Bears, 20.8-Vikings and 21.4-Ravens).
Novak and the Chargers ranked at various spots in the top three in avg. kick-off starting field position for the majority of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="2868566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868566" title="Glaser-Dirks DG-300">
Glaser-Dirks DG-300

The DG-300 is a Standard Class single-seat high-performance glider built of glass-reinforced plastic. The DG-300 was designed by Wilhelm Dirks and manufactured by Glaser-Dirks Flugzeugbau's Slovenian partner company Elan (company). A total of 511 of all versions were built since production started in 1983. Representative contemporary types from competing manufacturers are the Rolladen-Schneider LS4 and the Schempp-Hirth Discus.
Design and development.
The DG-300 has a flapless wing with triple taper based on the Falcon designed by Hansjörg Streifeneder, and employs the HQ 21/II, a relatively thick profile (ca. 17.5%). This wing is 'blown' on the underside by 900 small holes to achieve a controlled transition from laminar to turbulent flow. As with any racing glider, the thickness of the wing makes it relatively sensitive to performance degradation due to contamination by insect impacts or rain drops. 
It is agile and a good climber, but slightly underperforms compared to its competitors in cruising flight, especially at higher speeds. The later DG-303 version with a new wing profile and winglets was developed that delivers higher performance at low to medium speeds plus increased aileron response. A fully aerobatic version (the Acro) was also sold, stressed for +7/-5g.
The DG-300 has typical DG features, which improve comfort and safety if at a performance cost. It has the large cockpit typical of DG giving excellent comfort, especially in high-altitude flight where the full-length canopy allows the feet to be warmed by sunlight. The view from the cockpit is superb, adding to the pleasure and safety of flight.
After the bankruptcy of Glaser-Dirks the newly founded DG Flugzeugbau GmbH took over the servicing of these gliders.
The operational limits were changed on April 2007 after a defect was detected on the main spar. Aerobatic flight since then is not permitted, even for the Acro versions.

</doc>
<doc id="2868576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868576" title="Mudashiru Lawal">
Mudashiru Lawal

Mudashiru Babatunde "Muda" Lawal (8 June 1954 in Abeokuta – 6 July 1991 in Ibadan) was a Nigerian football Midfielder.
Career.
He worked as a mechanic when his football talents were discovered, making his national team debut in 1975. The same year he joined Shooting Stars F.C. of Ibadan, where he would play for many years, winning the African Cup Winners Cup as the first Nigerian team. In 1985 the team was ordered disbanded by a military governor, but after four seasons he returned to Shooting Stars F.C. as a playing assistant coach.
International career.
He won 86 caps and scored 12 goals for his country, and the only player ever to appear at five consecutive Nation Cup final rounds (1976-1984), Lawal guided Nigeria to its first African Nations title, at the 1980 African Nations Cup. The team also competed at the Summer Olympics the same year.
Death.
Lawal died in his home in 1991. The Ashero Stadium in his hometown Abeokuta was named after him upon his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2868583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868583" title="List of planar symmetry groups">
List of planar symmetry groups

This article summarizes the classes of discrete planar symmetry groups. The symmetry groups are named here by three naming schemes: International notation, orbifold notation, and Coxeter notation.
There are three kinds of symmetry groups of the plane:
Rosette groups.
There are two families of discrete two-dimensional point groups, and they are specified with parameter "n", which is the order of the group of the rotations in the group.
Frieze groups.
The 7 frieze groups, the two-dimensional line groups, with a direction of periodicity are given with five notational names. The Schönflies notation is given as infinite limits of 7 dihedral groups. The yellow regions represent the infinite fundamental domain in each.
Wallpaper groups.
The 17 wallpaper groups, with finite fundamental domains, are given by International notation, orbifold notation, and Coxeter notation, classified by the 5 Bravais lattices in the plane: square, oblique (parallelogrammatic), hexagonal (60 degree rhombic), rectangular, and centered rectangular (rhombic).
The "p1" and "p2" groups, with no reflectional symmetry, are repeated in all classes. The related pure reflectional Coxeter group are given with all classes except oblique.

</doc>
<doc id="2868586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868586" title="Cheerleader Melissa">
Cheerleader Melissa

Melissa Anderson (born August 17, 1982) is an American professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Cheerleader Melissa. She is best known for her work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where she worked as Alissa Flash and Raisha Saeed. She is currently performing on the independent circuit for promotions such as Pro Wrestling Revolution and Shimmer Women Athletes, where she is the reigning Shimmer Champion. In 2013, Anderson was ranked #1 in Pro Wrestling Illustrated's annual Top 50 Females list.
Early life.
Anderson's father Doug wrestled professionally in the early 1980s. Growing up she became a fan of her father's work and also showed her own flair for sports, particularly soccer, as well as joining Palmdale High School's athletics and amateur wrestling team as one of only four girls. While only 15, she had already become involved in the wrestling business, traveling to San Bernardino frequently to train in and work for the wrestling school of Billy Anderson, her father's former tag team partner, as well as involving herself in the running of things and before long she made her debut front of stage. Despite touring so young, Anderson still studied and gained her high school diploma largely through the help of e-mailing teachers; she also credits the internet for helping her become famous while only wrestling in front of small crowds.
Professional wrestling career.
Training.
While training at Billy Anderson's school, she met the Ballard Brothers (Shannon and Shane) who were using the gimmick of hockey players, similar to the Hanson Brothers from the film "Slap Shot". They were looking for a valet and due to their sporting gimmick, Anderson took on the role of a heel and the gimmick of a cheerleader. They toured the West Coast, mostly appearing with All Pro Wrestling (APW) where she would interfere in matches, often using high-flying moves. As Cheerleader Melissa she also received training from Christopher Daniels for a short period of time before moving on to APW where she trained under the tutelage of Robert Thompson and "American Dragon" Bryan Danielson.
After gaining experience from ring side, Cheerleader Melissa eventually had her first proper match on her 17th birthday against Lexie Fyfe in a losing effort at an outdoor carnival event. In 2001 she entered into Ultimate Pro Wrestling and lost a tag team match alongside Looney Lane which led to a feud between the two. The first lost in the tag team match would be her only one with the company as she went on to win a grudge match between the two followed by a succession of mixed tag matches, first with Shannon Ballard and then alongside both Ballard Brothers, beating Lane and Frankie Kazarian in the mixed tag team match as well as Nova in the final six-person intergender tag match. The following year, in the summer of 2002, Anderson was personally invited to wrestle and train for three months in Japan for the promotion Arsion. She was selected alongside Taylor Matheny who had recently received exposure in World Wrestling Entertainment's "Tough Enough" program, and thus Anderson received much internet attention by association. Among the rigorous training schedule she wrestled what she claims to be some of her favorite matches, particularly a 15-minute draw against Rie Tamada and her loss to Mariko Yoshida. Also as a present for her 20th birthday, she was allowed to tag team with veteran female wrestler Lioness Asuka.
ChickFight.
Tournaments (2004–2007).
After Anderson returned from Japan, she became a full-time wrestler. Moving on from her pre-Japan feud with Nikki, she continued to wrestle for APW winning its Above The Law Championship from Robert Thompson in July 2004. Under her reign it was renamed the Future Legends Championship, the title under which she lost it to Daizee Haze the following year before winning it back and retiring the belt. In October, APW associated itself with the newly formed, all-female tournament-cum-promotion ChickFight (CF). In the first event, staged under the APW banner for their "Halloween Hell" weekend, Anderson made it through two rounds only to be defeated in a steel cage match for the final round by luchadora Princess Sugey.
She would become a staple of ChickFight, appearing at the first ten of their major events, missing the eleventh event due to injury sustained less than a week before the show. She made the final in the first two tournaments but exited the third in the first round after a double disqualification during a match with former rival Nikki, now under her better known name Sara Del Rey. Melissa won "ChickFight V" tournament, beating Jazz in the final, and she also went on to win tournament when it moved from the United States over to the United Kingdom pinning "The Jezebel" Eden Black in the last match. However, the focus of "ChickFight VII" was on the controversial ending to her first match that saw Sweet Saraya's head hung in the ropes, Anderson continued to assault her despite being trapped until the referee ended the match and Saraya was stretchered from ringside. As Anderson celebrated her tournament victory Saraya reappeared and threatened her. The feud was cut short during a pre-match brawl for Real Quality Wrestling (RQW) in June that saw the two brawl both in and outside of the building and ended with Anderson winning shortly after Saraya was thrown on an already utilized aluminum can, tearing through her ligament and leaving her hospitalized. She was forced to forfeit her match the following day and would not wrestle again for six months.
Feud with Wesna (2007–2009).
Meanwhile, Anderson had begun a new feud. She did not participate in the tournament at "ChickFight VIII" but instead had a rematch against Eden Black for the newly created Transatlantic Women's Championship, which she won. Later in the show she successfully defended the title against Croatian wrestler Wesna Busic. The two had met years previously when her internet celebrity saw her invited to German Stampede Wrestling to face Wesna in a losing effort at "International Impact I". After defending her Transatlantic Championship at "ChickFight VII", their next CF meeting saw Wesna defend her RQW Women's Championship fought under ChickFight Rules (no disqualification and falls count anywhere) which saw the two go to a forty-five minute time limit draw. This left the two at 1–1 and so a decisive match was to be held at "ChickFight X" but this ended in controversy when Wesna claimed that her tap out was merely an attempt to grab the rope for a rope break; their rematch later that night saw Wesna pick up the victory leaving them drawn again at 2–2. CF XI was originally slated to be a two out of three falls match to find a decisive victory until Anderson pulled out due to injury.
Their feud was picked up the following year for Shimmer Women Athletes at "Volume 23" in May 2009. The company preluded the match with a video package showing their matches in Europe and announced that the winner would go on to face the Shimmer Champion at a later event. Towards the end of the bout, Annie Social came to the ring to distract Anderson allowing Wesna to use her CB4 Driver to pick up the victory. Wesna lost her championship match at "Volume 25" and, owing to the controversy of their previous match, Anderson wrestled Wesna again in "Volume 26" in a Knockout/Submission match where Anderson picked up the victory, making them level once more.
Pro Wrestling Revolution (2008–present).
Back in her home state of California, Anderson competed for the National Wrestling Alliance's Pro Wrestling Revolution (PWR) promotion in a series of matches fought under the ChickFight banner. After her first loss in an NWA World Women's Championship match against MsChif, (see below) she went on a winning streak under the gimmicks of both Cheerleader Melissa and Raisha Saeed. This streak included a victory against Lacey Von Erich in one of her first matches, as well as double victories over Christie Ricci, Christina Von Eerie and Rain, the latter two under both characters. This long series of wins led to her, under the Alissa Flash name, competing against the luchadora Lady Apache to crown the inaugural PWR Women's Champion on January 30, 2010. In losing her first match in 20 months, she lost out on the championship. A year later, on February 5 she wrestled in Shantelle Malawski's retirement match, picking up the victory. On February 23, 2013, Melissa defeated Dark Angel to win the vacant PWR Women's Championship for the first time. She lost the title to Ivelisse Vélez on April 21 at a pay-per-view held by the Puerto Rican World Wrestling League (WWL) promotion. She regained the championship three weeks later at a PWR event on May 11. On February 22, 2014, Melissa lost the PWR Women's Championship to Christina Von Eerie in a three-way match, which also included Savanah Riley.
Shimmer Women Athletes.
Storyline with MsChif (2005–2010).
After the success of ChickFight, Dave Prazak and Allison Danger set up Shimmer Women Athletes, a promotion with ties to Prazak's Ring of Honor intending to raise the credibility of women's wrestling on an international scale. Her first match with the promotion was on November 6, 2005, for "Volume 1" in a losing effort to MsChif, starting a wild feud between the two. The loss saw Anderson demand a special attraction rematch—the match would be Shimmer's first hardcore match, fought under Falls Count Anywhere rules and helped Anderson gain the victory after nearly thirty minutes of wrestling on February 12, 2006, at "Volume 4". MsChif took her revenge at "Volume 5" by distracting Anderson during a match with Allison Danger, causing her to lose the match. Naturally the rivalry was not abated and their next match, main eventing "Volume 6" on May 21, was declared a Last Woman Standing match with MsChif eventually coming out on top. Further interferences took an interesting turn at "Volume 7" when Anderson came out during MsChif's match against Rain. However, before she could interfere, Rain's partner Lacey pushed her to the ground while trying to distract the referee in order to allow Rain to use an illegal weapon; an incensed Anderson fought back against Lacey in time for the referee to see the foreign object in the ring and declare MsChif the winner via disqualification. After Anderson had won her main event match, Lacey and Rain (The Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew), ambushed her with a beat down until MsChif ran out, saving her nemesis before leaving her to celebrate the victory. The Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew had threatened Anderson for involving herself in their plans against MsChif and similarly threatened MsChif for being in the way of ambushing Melissa and, after declaring themselves the best tag team in the world, demanded a match with the two for "Volume 8" which became the penultimate bout of the evening. The Home Wrecking Crew's experience won out over MsChif and Anderson when a double team maneuver led to MsChif being pinned; after the match Anderson and MsChif shook hands as a sign of respect. The two soon showed they could work as a team though when they beat veterans The Experience (Lexie Fyfe and Malia Hosaka), with MsChif pinning Hosaka.
The two would meet again three months later in England for RQW's 2007 "No Pain, No Gain" event challenging Eden Black for the RQW Women's Championship but both came up short. The match served to build up interest for the aforementioned "ChickFight VII: The UK vs The USA" where Melissa would secure a victory against Black. She also beat MsChif in the semi-final. At RQW's "Taking On The World" the three met again with MsChif and Black teaming up in a losing effort against Anderson and Black's nemesis Jetta. In May 2008 MsChif put her NWA World Women's Championship on the line during Pro Wrestling Revolution's debut show but Anderson did not win the belt.
These series of bouts against each other did not stop them teaming together when they main evented "Volume 17" on April 26, 2008, taking on an erstwhile enemy of Anderson again in the form of Sara Del Rey, alongside her Dangerous Angels partner Allison Danger. This time it was Melissa making the pinfall after an Air Raid Crash. Despite these string of successes, the tag team did not compete during the "Volume 21" tag team gauntlet for the Shimmer Tag Team Championship, but they reunited when MsChif was threatened by both Kong and Del Rey for her Shimmer Championship. With both Kong and Del Rey wanting title shots, the two tag teams were actually booked for a contendership match for the Tag Team Championship during "Volume 24" on May 2, 2009, which Anderson and MsChif lost. After this loss, Anderson went on a four match winning streak, including avenging a loss to Wesna Busic (see above). On April 10, 2010, at the tapings of "Volume 29", Anderson and MsChif received a shot at the Shimmer Tag Team Championship, but were defeated by the defending champions Nicole Matthews and Portia Perez. The team's two back-to-back tag team losses led to Melissa dissolving her team with MsChif in order for her to focus on her singles career.
Shimmer Champion (2010–present).
On "Volume 30", Anderson was defeated by Madison Eagles in a match, where the winner would receive a shot at MsChif's Shimmer Championship. The following day Anderson defeated Misaki Ohata on "Volume 31" and Ayako Hamada in the main event of "Volume 32", before demanding a title match from the new Shimmer Champion Eagles. She received her title match on September 11, 2010, on "Volume 33", but was defeated by Eagles. The following day on "Volume 36" Melissa pinned Eagles to win an eight woman elimination tag team match, where she, Ayako Hamada, Ayumi Kurihara and Serena Deeb defeated Eagles, Daizee Haze, Sara Del Rey and Tomoka Nakagawa. On October 2, 2011, at "Volume 43", Melissa defeated Kana to become the number one contender to the Shimmer Championship. Later that same day on "Volume 44", Melissa defeated Madison Eagles to become the fourth Shimmer Champion. During her title celebration, she was attacked from behind by Nicole Matthews. Melissa made her first two title defenses on March 17, 2012, defeating Nicole Matthews on "Volume 45" and Portia Perez on "Volume 46". The following day, after successfully defending the Shimmer Championship against Jessie McKay on "Volume 47", Melissa lost the title to Saraya Knight on "Volume 48". After pinning Knight to win a ten woman elimination tag team match on October 28 at the tapings of "Volume 50", Melissa was granted a rematch for the Shimmer Championship the following day on "Volume 52", but was defeated after being hit with the title belt. On April 6, 2013, at the Volume 53 internet pay-per-view (iPPV) in Secaucus, New Jersey, Melissa defeated Knight in a steel cage match to win the Shimmer Championship for the second time. Melissa made her first successful title defense a week later on April 13 at "Volume 54", where she defeated Mercedes Martinez. Later that same day on "Volume 55", Melissa made another successful title defense against Courtney Rush. The following day on "Volume 56", Melissa made her third and final title defense of the weekend by defeating Kalamity. Later that same day on "Volume 57", Melissa took part in Allison Danger's retirement match, where she and Ayako Hamada faced Danger and Leva Bates. Melissa initially submitted Danger for the win, but the decision was reversed when she refused to let go of the hold after the match. Post-match, Melissa completed her heel turn by attacking Hamada. On October 19 at "Volume 58", Melissa made her fourth successful title defense against Leva Bates. Post-match Melissa attacked both Bates and the retired Allison Danger, before being chased away by LuFisto. Later that same day, after another successful defense against Hiroyo Matsumoto on "Volume 59", Melissa was again run off by LuFisto, who was, as a result, named the next challenger for her Shimmer Championship. The title match between Melissa and LuFisto took place on the following day's "Volume 60" and saw Melissa retain the title. Following the match, Melissa was taken to a local hospital, where she received ten stitches above her left eye. As a result, "Volume 61" became the first Volume in Shimmer history, which did not feature a Cheerleader Melissa match. On April 5 at the Volume 62 iPPV in New Orleans, Louisiana, Melissa successfully defended the Shimmer Championship against LuFisto in a two out of three falls match, following outside interference from Mercedes Martinez. A week later on "Volume 64", Melissa made another successful title defense against Japanese wrestler Yumi Ohka. On April 13, Melissa first successfully defended the Shimmer Championship against Mia Yim on "Volume 65", before teaming with Mercedes Martinez to unsuccessfully challenge the Global Green Gangsters (Kellie Skater and Tomoka Nakagawa) for the Shimmer Tag Team Championship on "Volume 66".
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Raisha Saeed (2008–2009).
On the January 10 edition of "TNA Impact!" Anderson made her Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) debut as an unknown woman wearing a niqāb, later named Raisha Saeed and billed from Syria. She was in Awesome Kong's corner when Kong defeated Gail Kim to win the TNA Women's Knockout Championship. Her first pay-per-view appearance with the company was again in Kong's corner at Against All Odds, distracting Kong's opponent ODB to help her retain the Knockout Championship. The situation with Kim and ODB intensified, leading to Anderson's first match as a competitor with the promotion. At TNA's all-steel cage event Lockdown, she and Kong took on Kim and ODB in a tag team match, where Saeed was pinned by ODB. On the July 3, 2008 edition of "Impact!", Saeed lost a match against newcomer Taylor Wilde which saw Wilde become number one contender for the Knockout Championship despite outside interference from Kong.
In September her costume became a focal point for angles as Saeed became a more regular in-ring performer. On September 4's "Impact!" ODB pinned her and then chased her backstage, coming out later with the burqa. Kong hit ODB in the back of the head while Saeed ran to reclaim her attire, her face masked by her hair at the time. Later that month Roxxi used a burqa to disguise herself as Saeed while Kong was facing newcomer Mercedes Steele. After the match Roxxi removed her disguise and attacked Kong with a steel chair, while Saeed appeared at the top of the entrance ramp bound in ropes (implying that she had been abducted by Roxxi prior to the match). Kong took revenge, pinning Roxxi in a tag effort also involving Saeed and Wilde, respectively, but Roxxi would make a return pin on Saeed in a singles match weeks later.
Kong and Saeed soon aligned themselves with Knockout Rhaka Khan. On the November 6 edition of "Impact!" Khan substituted for Roxxi as Wilde's tag team partner against Kong and Saeed in a match. In the event, the evil Khan turned against Wilde during the match to help Kong make the pinfall, but her good luck was short lived as Kong and Saeed, with Khan in their corner, lost to Wilde and Roxxi in a tag team match at Turning Point. Saeed lost to Christy Hemme on the November 27 edition of "Impact!", allowing her to challenge for Kong's belt at Final Resolution but Saeed caused a disqualification, giving Hemme the win but retaining the belt for Kong. Through December Khan and Saeed were joined in their support for Kong by newcomer Sojourner Bolt; the group dubbed themselves the Kongtourage and took on ODB, Roxxi and Hemme in a losing effort during a Street Fight on January 15. Hemme was scheduled for a rematch at Genesis, however, she suffered a legitimate injury prior to the match and the Kongtourage impromptu number one contender match was made at the pay-per-view with ODB picking up the victory, teaming to gain a future title shot. The Kongtourage finally picked up a victory over ODB in a four-on-one handicap match on January 29's "Impact!". The Kongtourage rapidly fell into disarray, though, when Bolt won a number one contender battle royal in early February, and a fortnight later Khan expressed her dissatisfaction with the group leading to a tag match that Khan and Bolt, who were being portrayed as fan favorites now, won. Saeed's attempts to interfere in the Knockouts Championship match at Destination X were unsuccessful but Kong still managed to retain her title.
Kong eventually dropped the title to Angelina Love at Lockdown 2009. After this loss, and with Kong unable to regain the championship, the team of Saeed and Kong were entered into the tournament to decide the inaugural Knockouts Tag Team Champions. In the first round, the team beat The Main Event Mafia's team of Sharmell and Traci Brooks. Saeed scored the pin over Brooks, tagging herself in after Kong had done much of the work causing Kong to stare angrily at Saeed. They were less successful in the following round, losing to the eventual tournament winning team of Taylor Wilde and Sarita. After inadvertently costing Kong the Knockout title at Bound for Glory, the two of them faced off on the October 22 edition of "Impact!" with Saeed now being referred to as a former manager. Kong won the match and then Awesome Bombed her through the entrance stage.
Alissa Flash (2009, 2011, 2013).
On the May 1, 2008 edition of "Impact!", Anderson appeared as her signature Cheerleader Melissa gimmick and defeated Daisy Haze in a singles match that was billed as a "try-out" for both women. However, she reappeared as Saeed later that night. At the May 26, 2009 "Impact!" taping, Anderson wrestled as "Future Legend" Melissa Anderson in a dark match where she was defeated by Awesome Kong. Her television return occurred on the July 16, 2009 edition of "Impact!" as she wrestled under the revised name of "Future Legend" Alissa Flash, losing to the debuting Sarita and attacking her afterward. Flash's losing streak continued in the first round of the Knockouts Tag Team Championship tournament where she and Daffney lost to Sarita and Taylor Wilde. As Flash, Anderson had a new outfit which included a streaks of make up around her eyes in tribute to Sherri Martel.
She picked up her first victory on the September 17 edition of "Impact!" by defeating Cody Deaner in an intergender Lumberjack match. The win, though, was largely due to interference from all the other Knockouts who were lumberjacks. Frustrated at her lack of meaningful victories, Flash interrupted an interview with newcomer Hamada by voicing her frustration at the lack of fanfare her arrival in the company received in comparison to foreign Knockouts Sarita and Hamada. Flash then began to brawl with Hamada, throwing her down the bleachers of the empty arena. The two met weeks later on the October 8 "Impact!" in an eight-woman elimination tag team match; when both were legal members in the ring they brawled out onto the floor until they were counted out and eliminated. The following week on "Super Impact!" the two met in a Falls Count Anywhere match which Flash lost after taking a moonsault from Hamada through a table. She finally scored an unassisted singles win on November 12 against Traci Brooks. After not being used by the company thereafter, Anderson requested her release which was granted on January 21, 2010. On March 14, 2011, at the tapings of the March 17 edition of "Impact!", Anderson, as Alissa Flash, made a one night return to TNA, unsuccessfully challenging Madison Rayne for the TNA Women's Knockout Championship as part of her open challenge series. On March 17, 2013, Anderson made another one night return to TNA to take part in the taping of the Knockout Knockdown pay-per-view, where she, as Alissa Flash, was defeated by Gail Kim.
Other promotions (2005–present).
As well as being a regular for APW, ChickFight, Shimmer and TNA, Melissa continues to tour the independent circuit working for a number of different promotions. She has had two stints in the National Wrestling Alliance affiliate . In her second run, during September 2005, she had a short feud with Nattie Neidhart, taking her on in a singles match where Neidhart won using her Sharpshooter after some interference from Belle Lovitz. Enraged by interference, Anderson formed an impromptu tag team with Tiffany called Girls Gone Wrestling (GGW) and pinned Nattie after an Air Raid Crash. The following day she lost a SuperGirls Championship match against the reigning Rebecca Knox due to some interference, this time from Scotty Mac. GGW teamed up again to take Mac and his partner Ladies Choice in a Men vs Women tag match that Anderson won with a pin.
Also in 2005 she wrestled at "Givin Em The Bizness" for Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA: Mid-South) in a six way elimination match for the NWA Midwest Women's Championship against champion Ariel as well as MsChif, Mickie Knuckles, Sara Del Rey and eventual winner Daizee Haze. In March 2006 she wrestled a string of matches for Pure Wrestling Association winning their Elite Women's Championship in a match against 21st Century Fox and defending it successfully against her but losing it back to her in a three way match, also including Misty Haven.
Anderson has participated in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) workouts with Ivory, Molly Holly and Jazz. She also had a tryout match on the May 26, 2006 edition of "WWE Heat". Wrestling under her birth name, Anderson fell to a Widow's Peak by Victoria in Las Vegas, Nevada.
On January 7, 2007, Anderson won Pro Wrestling World-1's inaugural Queen's Cup tournament. After beating Melissa Strips in the first round, she received a bye through to the final to face Allison Danger. During an autograph session, she attacked Danger to the point where she was said to not to be able to compete, though Danger fought through her injury. By winning, Anderson earned herself a number one contendership for the AWA World Women's Championship.
In an attempt to build a strong women's division, Jersey All Pro Wrestling (JAPW) opened 2009 with January's "Female Revolution". Under her Cheerleader gimmick, she beat Nikki Roxx and later appeared as Raisha Saeed also winning against Ariel. She appeared again in May losing a return match to Roxx but staying undefeated as Saeed against Daizee Haze. She was scheduled for a rematch with Roxx on November 16 but after Roxx pulled out she defeated Hailey Hatred to earn a match against Sara Del Rey for the JAPW Women's Championship. Anderson won the match by disqualification after Hatred interfered, leading to a no-disqualification Three Way match in January 2010 at "Back Where It All Began" for the title in which Anderson was pinned by Del Rey. Anderson met Del Rey later in 2010, on July 25, under the guise of her Raisha Saeed gimmick. It was during her Chikara debut in a tag team match, where she and Amazing Kong were defeated by Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (Haze and Del Rey).
On July 3, Anderson appeared as Alissa Flash for the Texas based promotion River City Wrestling (RCW). At "Declaration of Champions", she wrestled RCW Champion Joey Spector in the main event to become the first female champion of the company. The result was however nullified on July 12, after RCW Commissioner Jeromy Sage announced that the contract for the title match stipulated that the length was supposed to be 15 minutes, but the match was 15 and a half minutes long. A rematch was scheduled on August 7 with no time limits or disqualifications, Flash won the match and the championship. On May 5, Flash teamed with Darci Drake to defeat San Antonio's Most Wanted in a lumberjack match to win the RCW Tag Team Championship. They would hold the title for four months, before being defeated by Gulf Coast Connection (AJ Summers and Rudy Russo) on September 3. As a result of being pinned in the title match, Flash had to leave RCW for 90 days. On February 4, 2012, Flash became River City Wrestling's first female Triple Crown Champion, when she defeated Rick David for the RCW International Championship. She was stripped of the title on March 5, 2013. On August 10, Flash defeated Angelina Love to become the inaugural RCW Angels Division Champion.
In October 2010, Anderson began extending her profile internationally by making two appearances for Mexican promotion Asistencia Asesoría y Administración, under her Alissa Flash ring name, picking up tag team victories over the Moreno sisters (Cynthia and Esther) and the Apache sisters (Faby and Mari). On November 5, 2011 she made her debut for All Japan Pro Wrestling in Taiwan, teaming with Black Bushi and Dark Dragon in a six person tag team match, where they were defeated by Bushi, Makoto and Último Dragón. The following day, Melissa defeated Makoto in what was billed as the first ever women's wrestling match in Taiwan. In December 2011, Anderson took part in TNA's Indian promotion Ring Ka King, performing as both Alissa Flash and Raisha Saeed.
On March 16, 2014, Anderson, working under the ring name Melissa, returned to Japan to work for World Wonder Ring Stardom, unsuccessfully challenging Io Shirai for the World of Stardom Championship.
Personal life.
Anderson's favorite opponents include Mariko Yoshida (who innovated the "Air Raid Crash" finishing move that Melissa herself also uses), Wesna and Tiffany. She won "Attack of the Show!"'s contest, "MySpace Girl of the Week", on September 6, 2006. She appeared on the show in person rather than the usual webcam format and went on to participate in later segments of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="2868587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868587" title="Cerebroside">
Cerebroside

Cerebrosides is the common name for a group of glycosphingolipids called monoglycosylceramides which are important components in animal muscle and nerve cell membranes.
They consist of a ceramide with a single sugar residue at the 1-hydroxyl moiety. The sugar residue can be either glucose or galactose; the two major types are therefore called glucocerebrosides and galactocerebrosides. Galactocerebrosides are typically found in neural tissue, while glucocerebrosides are found in other tissues.
Structure.
The fundamental structure of a cerebroside is ceramide. Monoglycosyl and oligoglycosylceramides having a mono or polysaccharide bonded glycosidically to the terminal OH group of ceramide are defined as cerebrosides. Sphingosine is the main long-chain base present in ceramide.
Galactosylceramide is the principal glycosphingolipid in brain tissue. Galactosylceramides are present in all nervous tissues, and can compose up to 2% dry weight of grey matter and 12% of white matter. They are major constituents of oligodendrocytes. Glucosylceramide is found at low levels in animal cells such as the spleen, erythrocytes, and nervous tissues, especially neurons. Glucosylceramide is a major constituent of skin lipids, where it is essential for lamellar body formation in the stratum corneum and to maintain the water permeability barrier of the skin. Glucosylceramide is the only glycosphingolipid common to plants, fungi and animals. It is usually considered to be the principal glycosphingolipid in plants. It is a major component of the outer layer of the plasma membrane. Galactosylceramides have not been found in plants.
Monogalactosylceramide is the largest single component of the myelin sheath of nerves. Cerebroside synthesis can therefore give a measurement of myelin formation or remyelination. The sugar moiety is linked glycosidically to the C-1 hydroxyl group of ceramide, such as in lactosylceramide. Cerebrosides containing a sulfuric ester (sulfate) group, known as sulfatides, also occur in the myelin sheath of nerves. These compounds are preferably named as sulfates of the parent glycosphingolipid.
Synthesis.
The biosynthesis of monoglycosylceramides requires a direct transfer of the carbohydrate moiety from a sugar-nucleotide, such as uridine 5-diphosphate(UDP)-galactose, or UDP-glucose to the ceramide unit. The glycosyl-transferase catalyzed reaction results in an inversion of the glycosidic bond stereochemistry, changing from α →β. Synthesis of galactosylceramide, and glucosylceramide occurs on the lumenal surface of the endoplasmic reticulum, and on the cytosolic side of the early Golgi membranes respectively.
Physical Properties.
The melting point of cerebrosides is considerably greater than physiological body temperature, >37.0 °C, giving glycolipids a paracrystalline, similar to liquid crystal structure. Cerebroside molecules are able form up to eight intermolecular hydrogen bonds between the polar hydrogens of the sugar and the hydroxy and amide groups of the sphingosine base of the ceramide. These hydrogen bonds within the cerebrosides result in the molecules having a high transition temperature and compact alignment. Monoglycosylceramides in conjunction with cholesterol are prevalent in the lipid-raft micro domain, which are important sites in the binding of proteins, and enzyme-receptor interactions.
Catabolism.
Degradation of glycosphingolipids occurs in the lysosome, which contains digestive enzymes in animal cells. The lysosome breaks down the glycosphingolipid to its primary components, fatty acids, sphingosine, and saccharide.
Chemical Analysis.
Analysis of monoglycosylceramides can be done by high-resolution thin-layer chromatography, high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), and mass spectrometry. Reversed-phase HPLC is now the standard method for separation of molecular species, often after benzoylation, enabling lipids to be detected by UV spectrophotometry.
Role in disease.
A defect in the degradation of glucocerebrosides is Gaucher's disease. The corresponding defect for galactocerebrosides is Krabbe disease.

</doc>
<doc id="2868601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868601" title="Roy Black (singer)">
Roy Black (singer)

Roy Black (January 25, 1943 – October 9, 1991) was a German schlager singer and actor, who appeared in several musical comedies and starred in the 1989 TV series, "Ein Schloß am Wörthersee".
Born Gerhard Höllerich in Bobingen, Bavarian Swabia, Germany, Black attended the gymnasium in Augsburg and, aged 20, founded the rock and roll band Roy Black and His Cannons. His stage name derived from his black hair and his idol, Roy Orbison.
Roy Black and His Cannons achieved some local fame and were offered a recording contract with Polydor Records. However, his record producer Hans Bertram decided on a solo career for Black, and a switch to romantic songs for his protégé, a decision which soon led to nationwide fame. In 1966, his single "Ganz in Weiß"—a romantic song about marrying in white—sold in excess of one million copies by the end of 1967. His 1969 song "Dein schönstes Geschenk", sold one million copies by May 1970, having spent nine weeks at number one in the German chart.
From 1967, Black also took on roles in several musical comedy films, for example in the 1969 movie "Hilfe, ich liebe Zwillinge" ("Help, I Love Twins") opposite Uschi Glas.
In 1974, Black announced his engagement to model Silke Vagts (1945–2002), and the couple got married in Munich the same year. In 1976 their son Torsten was born. They divorced in 1985.
Six years later Black died of heart failure, in Heldenstein near Mühldorf am Inn, which was assumed to be a result of his addiction to alcohol and pharmaceuticals.

</doc>
<doc id="2868603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868603" title="Roy Black">
Roy Black

Roy Black may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868606" title="Hamid Drake">
Hamid Drake

Hamid Drake (born August 3, 1955) is an American jazz drummer and percussionist. He lives in Chicago, IL but spends a great deal of time touring worldwide.
By the close of the 1990s, Hamid Drake was widely regarded as one of the best percussionists in jazz and avant improvised music. Incorporating Afro-Cuban, Indian, and African percussion instruments and influence, in addition to using the standard trap set, Drake has collaborated extensively with top free-jazz improvisers. Drake also has performed world music; by the late 70s, he was a member of Foday Musa Suso’s "Mandingo Griot Society" and has played reggae throughout his career.
Drake has worked with trumpeter Don Cherry, pianist Herbie Hancock, saxophonists Pharoah Sanders, Fred Anderson, Archie Shepp and David Murray and bassists Reggie Workman and William Parker (in a large number of lineups)
He studied drums extensively, including eastern and Caribbean styles. He frequently plays without sticks; using his hands to develop subtle commanding undertones. His tabla playing is notable for his subtlety and flair. Drake‘s questing nature and his interest in Caribbean percussion led to a deep involvement with reggae.
Hamid Drake credits two people as being very inspirational to his music and life on a deep and personal level. One is Fred Anderson who gave him the chance to deeply explore the world of creative expression. The other is his life-partner and best friend, Clay Chalupa, whose many years of encouragement continues to bring and to transform daily life into a much needed voice of healing and truth and joy.
Biography.
Early life.
Hamid Drake was born in 1955 in Monroe, Louisiana, and his family moved to Evanston, Illinois when he was a child, just as an older musician from Monroe named Fred Anderson also moved to Evanston, with his family. Hamid started playing with local rock and R&B bands, which eventually brought him to Fred Anderson‘s attention. Drake worked with Anderson from 1974 to 2010 including on Anderson‘s 1979 "The Missing Link". At Fred Anderson's workshops, a young Hamid met Douglas Ewart, George Lewis and other members of Chicago‘s Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM). Another of the most significant percussion influences on Drake, Ed Blackwell, dates from this period. Hamid‘s flowing rhythmic expressions and interest in the roots of the music drew like~minded musicians together into a performance and educational collective named the Mandingo Griot Society, which combined traditional African music and narrative with distinctly American influences.
Career.
Don Cherry, who Drake first met in 1978, was another continuing collaborator. After meeting Don Cherry, Hamid and fellow percussionist Adam Rudolph travelled with Don to Europe, where they explored the interior landscape of percussion and shared deeply in Mr. Cherry‘s grasp of music‘s spiritually infinite transformational possibilities. Drake worked extensively with him from 1978 until Cherry‘s death in 1995.
Drake was one of the founders, along with Foday Musa Suso and Adam Rudolph, of The Mandingo Griot Society. His other frequent collaborators include New York bassist William Parker, saxophonist David Murray, composer and percussionist Adam Rudolph, German free jazz saxophonist Peter Brötzmann and fellow drummer Michael Zerang. With percussionist Michael Zerang he has performed a solstice celebration semiannually in Chicago since 1991.
Now touring and recording all over the world and in constant demand everywhere, Hamid Drake has played and/or recorded with: Don Cherry, Pharoah Sanders, Fred Anderson, Herbie Hancock, Archie Shepp, bassist William Parker (in a large number of lineups), Reggie Workman, Yusef Lateef, Wayne Shorter, Bill Laswell, David Murray, Joe Morris, Evan Parker, Peter Brötzmann, Jim Pepper, Roy Campbell, Sabir Mateen, Rob Brown, Marilyn Crispell, Johnny Dyani, Dewey Redman, Joe McPhee, Adam Rudolph, Hassan Hakmoun, Joseph Jarman, George Lewis, John Tchicai, Iva Bittová and almost all the members of the AACM. These diverse artists all play in a broad range of musical settings which allows Drake to comfortably adapts to north and west African and Indian impulses as well as reggae and Latin. Although engaged as sideman, he is also devoting his energies and creativity as a band leader; focusing on his own groups and projects such as Bindu or Indigo Trio.
In recent years, Drake has frequently appeared with Jazz legend Archie Shepp in various configurations. The most common is the group "Phat Jam" along with human beat boxer and rapper Napoleon Maddox. Drake also works with Maddox in the Jazz hip Hop group "ISWHAT?!". Drake performs with European jazz groups, recording with Hungarian musicians such as Viktor Tóth and Mihály Dresch, also releasing projects with Polish saxophonist Mat Walerian. In addition to the drum set, Drake performs on the frame drum, the tabla, and other hand drums.
Partial discography.
As leader
with Fred Anderson
with William Parker
with Indigo Trio
with Mandingo Griot Society
with Adam Rudolph
various duos
with Herbie Hancock
with David Murray
with Albert Beger and William Parker
with Chicago Trio
with Peter Brotzmann
with Rob Brown
with IsWhat?!
with Painkiller
with Scott Fields
with Beans
with Yakuza

</doc>
<doc id="2868611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868611" title="Steve Fowler">
Steve Fowler

Steve Fowler is editor-in-chief of "Auto Express".
In addition to editing "Auto Express" he has also edited "What Car?", "Autocar" and "What Hi-Fi? Sound and Vision"."
He has also been seen on TV as a presenter of Granada TV's "Mad About Motors" alongside Ginny Buckley, Channel Five News and Men & Motors. He is a regular pundit on Sky TV, BBC and GMTV.
Fowler has contributed to "The Guardian, The Sunday Times" and "The Independent" newspapers, and numerous local radio stations.
Fowler attended the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art.
He also completed the 2007 Flora London Marathon on 27 April, raising £5000 for his chosen charity, the National Autistic Society.

</doc>
<doc id="2868619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868619" title="Robert Garriott">
Robert Garriott

Robert K. Garriott (born December 7, 1956) is an American computer game industry figure and entrepreneur. He co-founded Origin Systems and Destination Games with his brother, Richard Garriott, and was the CEO of NCsoft-North America until 2008. He is the second-eldest son of NASA astronaut Owen K. Garriott. 
Garriott was graduated from the MIT Sloan School of Management in 1983 with a Master of Science in Management and also earned degrees in Electrical Engineering from Rice University, and a master's degree in Engineering Economic Systems from Stanford University.
In 1983 co-founded computer game developer Origin Systems with his younger brother Richard "Lord British" Garriott. He was a vice president and later an executive vice president at Electronic Arts (EA) after the company acquired Origin in 1992. Garriott left EA in 1995 and co-founded Destination Games in 2000. Destination was bought by NCsoft in 2001 and he became president and CEO of NCsoft-North America.

</doc>
<doc id="2868625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868625" title="Makimono">
Makimono

Makimono may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868626" title="Shiner (comics)">
Shiner (comics)

Shiner was a fictional character who had his own comic strip in the UK comic "Whizzer and Chips". Shiner was the leader of the "Chip-ites", which was divided into two sections made up of "Whizz-kids" and "Chip-ites". Shiner was an amateur boxer, who was constantly getting in trouble with his mother, who disapproved of this activity. He usually ended up getting a black eye in each issue, hence his name.
However unlike most of the "Whizzer and Chips" characters, Shiner did not move into Buster.

</doc>
<doc id="2868627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868627" title="Gheorghe Nichita">
Gheorghe Nichita

Gheorghe Nichita (born September 15, 1956) is a Romanian engineer and politician, who has served as the mayor of Iaşi since 2003. A member of the Social Democratic Party, he was the interim mayor in 2003 after his predecessor, Constantin Simirad (in office 1991-2003), was appointed Romanian ambassador to Cuba by President Ion Iliescu.
Nichita was born in Dorohoi, and trained in Engineering at the Polytechnic University in Bucharest (1976–1979), in Economics at the University of Iaşi (1982–1987), and in Hydrotechnics at the "Gheorghe Asachi" University of Iaşi (1991–1995), and has been employed by the Iaşi public administration since 1979. He was awarded a doctorate in Economics.

</doc>
<doc id="2868630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868630" title="Gandhar clan">
Gandhar clan

Gandhar or Gandhara () is a "gotra" or tribe of Jats found in the states of Haryana and Punjab in India as well as the province of Punjab in Pakistan. During the Mahabharata period, the present-day Kandahar province of Afghanistan used to be known as Gandhar.

</doc>
<doc id="2868636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868636" title="Bunnahabhain">
Bunnahabhain

Bunnahabhain (pronounced , from Scottish Gaelic "Bun na h-Abhainn" (in Scottish Gaelic it is pronounced ), meaning "foot of the river") is a village on the northeast coast of the isle of Islay, which is in the Argyll and Bute area of Scotland, in the Inner Hebrides group of islands. It is also the name of a malt whisky distillery located there.
History.
The village was established in 1881 to house the distillery's workers, and the distillery still employs the majority of the village's workers.
The surrounding area is also steeped in local history. The ruined village of Margadale, nestled between Margadale Hill and Scarbh Bhreac, was once the busiest marketplace on Islay, with people coming from all over the island for cattle sales.
Wildlife.
The area is rich in wildlife, boasting large numbers of red deer, roe deer, wild goats, otters, common and grey seals, seabirds such as cormorants and oystercatchers and also Lepidoptera, with peacock and speckled wood butterflies being a common sight.
Shipwrecks.
Perched on the rocks to the south of the village is the wreck of the 338-ton trawler “Wyre Majestic” which ran aground after hitting the rocks at Rubha a’Mhail on October 18, 1974. Despite efforts from the crew of its sister ship, “Wyre Defence”, the ship was deemed unsalvageable and has sat on the rocks ever since, as do approximately 50 other ships wrecked in the perilous Sound of Islay.

</doc>
<doc id="2868638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868638" title="Segun Odegbami">
Segun Odegbami

Patrick Olusegun Odegbami, often shortened to Segun Odegbami (born August 27, 1952, in Abeokuta) is a retired Nigerian footballer who played as a forward. He's nicknamed "Mathematical" for his precise style of play. He was famous for running down the touchline with the ball to prevent opponents from getting it. Odegbami is regarded as one of the greatest Nigerian players of all-time.
Career.
Odegbami was brought up in the northern city of Jos, Plateau State. He won 46 caps and scored 23 goals for the National Team, and guided Nigeria to its first Africa Cup of Nations title at the 1980 tournament in his homeland. Nicknamed "Mathematical", he was famous for his skill on the ball, speed and precision of his crosses from the right wing. He played for IICC Shooting Stars of Ibadan his entire career, from 1970 to 1984. His last game was the 1984 African Champions Cup final defeat to Zamalek of Egypt. The original source of the nickname "Mathematical" was because Segun Odegbami attended and was graduated from Nigeria's premier technical institution, The Polytechnic, Ibadan. He studied Engineering.
His younger brother, Wole Odegbami, is also a former national team player. He is currently a columnist in Nigeria. In 2007 Chief Segun Odegbami appeared on Nigerian Who Wants To Be A Millionaire hosted by Frank Edoho. He played a game for charity with the much loved Zebrudaya and donated all his winnings to The Little Saints’ Orphanage on the Strong Tower Mission.

</doc>
<doc id="2868647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868647" title="Jatrana">
Jatrana

Jatrana is a clan or gotra of Jats found in Delhi, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh in India.
Nagla Salaru, Mannakhedi, Udhal Hedi are the main villages of Jatrana in Haridwar district. They have 12 villages in Delhi area. They have about 80 villages near Bhiwani. In Muzaffarnagar, Khedagadhi, Datiana and 12 villages, and Sof, Mayapur villages in Bijnor district are of Jatrana Jats.

</doc>
<doc id="2868658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868658" title="Foundation for National Parks &amp; Wildlife">
Foundation for National Parks &amp; Wildlife

The Foundation for National Parks & Wildlife is an Australian not-for-profit, non-governmental organisation that was incorporated on 29 June 1970. Its purpose is to foster the protection of Australia's native plants, animals and cultural heritage through fundraising for environmental education and conservation projects. The foundation is a member of Philanthropy Australia. Since 1970 the organisation has raised more A$ 40 million ($1 million+ per year on average) for environmental conservation.
Projects.
Since 1970 the Foundation has acquired over 500,000 hectares of habitat and places of natural beauty for 50 national parks and nature reserves, including Mungo National Park. The Foundation acquires land through purchase, donation and bequest. The Foundation funded threatened species recovery programs and research for more than 32 species of birds, reptiles, mammals, amphibians and plants. Animals included were the Lord Howe Island Woodhen, the Gould's Petrel, the Malleefowl and the Yellow-footed Rock-wallaby. The Foundation also funded cultural heritage conservation projects for more than ten Aboriginal and European historical sites, including Fort Denison, QStation and Hill End. Other projects focused on education and awareness raising, which included implementation, improvement and maintenance of walking tracks, viewing platforms, interpretive signage and disabled access in many national parks.
Mungo National Park.
The Foundation for National Parks & Wildlife acquired the land for the Mungo National Park, NSW and donated it to the National Reserve System in 1979. It also funded a resident archaeologist to work on the site from 1979 to 1983. The Foundation established the Mungo Visitors Centre and Laboratory in 1983. With further sponsorship from BHP, the Foundation implemented the Mungo National Park 60 km long guided vehicle drive in 1990.
Policy.
The Foundation’s charter and policies indicate that:
Backyard Buddies Program.
The Foundation runs the Backyard Buddies program: an awareness raising program about Australian plants and animals that are likely to be seen in urban environments, and gives tips on how to coexist happily with these species. The Backyard Buddies program also sells Backyard Buddy Toys - the funds from these toys go toward Foundation projects to conserve and protect several species of animals, including Koalas, Wombats, Little Penguins, endangered wallaby species and more.
Key persons.
The Hon. Tom Lewis AO founded the Foundation for National Parks & Wildlife when he was New South Wales' Minister for Lands in 1970. 
Patrons
Patrons of the organization have always been Governor of New South Wales
Presidents
CEOs

</doc>
<doc id="2868671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868671" title="A.S. Cittadella">
A.S. Cittadella

Associazione Sportiva Cittadella is an Italian association football club, based in Cittadella, Veneto.
History.
Cittadella was founded in 1973, after the merger of "U.S. Cittadellense" and "A.S. Olympia". The club spent most of its first years in amateur football, and then professional football at Serie C2 and Serie C1 ranks. Cittadella won its first promotion to Serie B in 1999 after defeating Brescello in the playoff finals, and spent a total two seasons in the Italian second-highest ranked division, being then relegated in 2001–02 Serie B. During their first stay in Serie B, the club played in Stadio Euganeo in Padua and, in an attempt to expand the fanbase, was renamed "A.S. Cittadella Padova", being Padua ("Padova" in Italian) the capital city of Cittadella's referring province.
Cittadella returned to Serie B in 2008, after defeating Cremonese in the 2007–08 Serie C1/A playoffs, under the guide of head coach Claudio Foscarini. In the 2008–09 Serie B season, the club was involved to projects focused to boost the capacity of the Stadio Tombolato to 7,500, in order to let the club play in their home town (with dispensation from the FIGC, since a stadium of at least 10,000 seats is required for Serie B). Thus, Cittadella played the first season games in Stadio Omobono Tenni in Treviso, about 40 km away. After some delays, the first Serie B game played in Cittadella was played on 29 October 2008, A.C. Ancona being the opponents. The club escaped relegation in the final days of the season, thus ensuring another year of Serie B football to the local fans.
The following season, Cittadella thrashed Lecce 5–1 and Mantova 6–0 to finish 6th, and only losing to Brescia in the playoffs due to Brescia's superior league placing, despite a late 1–0 win in the second leg.
The club produced two strikers who later left for Serie A teams, namely, Riccardo Meggiorini (50% rights sold for €2.5M), Matteo Ardemagni (sold for €3.75M). Moreover, 2010–11 Serie B topscorer Federico Piovaccari also left for Sampdoria in 2011 for €3.5M which Samp relegated from Serie A in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2868674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868674" title="Rathi">
Rathi

Rathi, Rathee or Rath is a surname of India.

</doc>
<doc id="2868691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868691" title="Vanar">
Vanar

Vanar is a gotra of Jats found in Haryana in India. It is not to be confused with the Vanaras of the Ramayana, even though it may be possible that the gotra is named in honour of the vanaras or of Lord Hanuman.

</doc>
<doc id="2868695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868695" title="Religion in Israel">
Religion in Israel

Religion in Israel is a central feature of the country and plays a major role in shaping Israeli culture and lifestyle, and religion has played a central role in Israel's history. Israel is also the only country in the world where a majority of citizens are Jewish. According to the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics, the population in 2011 was 75.4% Jewish, 20.6% Arab, and 4.1% minority groups. The religious affiliation of the Israeli population as of 2011 was 75.4% Jewish, 16.9% Muslim, 2.1% Christian, and 1.7% Druze, with the remaining 4.0% not classified by religion.
Israel has no entrenched constitution, but freedom of religion is anchored in law. While the Basic Laws of Israel that serve in place of a constitution define the country as a "Jewish state," these Basic Laws, coupled with Knesset statutes, decisions of the Supreme Court of Israel, and various elements of the common law current in Israel, also protect free practice of religion in the country. Legal accommodation of the non-Jewish communities follows the pattern and practice of the Ottoman and British administrations with some important modifications. Israeli law officially recognizes five religions, all belonging to the Abrahamic family of religions: Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Druzeism and the Bahá'í Faith. Furthermore, the law formally recognizes ten separate sects of Christianity: the Roman, Armenian, Maronite, Greek, Syriac, and Chaldean Catholic Churches; the Eastern Orthodox Greek Orthodox Church; the Oriental Orthodox Syriac Orthodox Church; the Armenian Apostolic Church; and Anglicanism. Members of unrecognized religions are free to practice their religion.
Religious self-definition.
, 8% of Israeli Jews defined themselves as Haredim; an additional 12% as "religious"; 13% as "religious-traditionalists" ; 25% as "non-religious-traditionalists" (not strictly adhering to Jewish law or halakha); and 42% as "secular" (, "Hiloni"). , 65% of Israeli Jews believe in God, and 85% participate in a Passover seder. However, other sources indicate that between 15% and 37% of Israelis identify themselves as either atheists or agnostics. A survey conducted in 2009 showed that 80% of Israeli Jews believe in God, with 46% of them self-reporting as secular. Israelis tend not to align themselves with a movement of Judaism (such as Reform Judaism or Conservative Judaism) but instead tend to define their religious affiliation by degree of their religious practice.
Of the Arab Israelis, as of 2008, 82.7% were Muslims, 8.4% were Druze, and 8.3% were Christians. Just over 80% of Christians are Arabs, and the majority of the remaining are immigrants from the former Soviet Union who immigrated with a Jewish relative. About 81% of Christian births are to Arab women.
Religion and citizenship.
Israel was founded to provide a national home, safe from persecution, to the Jewish people. Although Israeli law explicitly grants equal civil rights to all citizens regardless of religion, ethnicity, or other heritage, it gives preferential treatment in certain aspects to individuals who fall within the criteria mandated by the Law of Return. Preferential treatment is given to Jews and their relatives who seek to immigrate to Israel. This serves to increase the Jewish population and provides asylum to people who face religious discrimination in the countries they emigrate from.
The Law of Return does not strictly follow the traditional Jewish religious law (halakha) in relation to the definition of who is a Jew. For example, some individuals who would be considered Jewish under halakha are excluded from the rights under the Law of Return - e.g. those who converted to another religion; while others are entitled to immigration though they are not considered Jewish under halakha, e.g. they are related by marriage to a Jew or a grandparent may have been a Jew.
Judaism.
Most citizens in the State of Israel are Jewish, and most Israeli Jews practice Judaism in some form. In the last two centuries the largest Jewish community in the world, in the United States, has divided into a number of Jewish denominations. The largest and most influential of these denominations are Orthodox Judaism, Reform Judaism, and Conservative Judaism. All of the above denominations exist, to varying degrees, in the State of Israel. Nevertheless, Israelis tend to classify Jewish identity in ways that are strikingly different from American Jewry.
Secular-traditional spectrum.
The Israeli term for Shomer Masoret (or Masorati) covers a wide range of ideologies and levels of observance, and is based on a self-definition phenomenon rather than an organized movement. However, the "Shomer Masoret" generally perceive themselves as a partly observants.
In 2007, a poll by the Israeli Democracy Institute found that 27% of Israeli Jews say that they keep the Sabbath, while 53% said they do not keep it at all. The poll also found that 50% of the respondents would give up shopping on the Sabbath as long as public transportation were kept running and leisure activities continued to be permitted; however only 38% believed that such a compromise would reduce the tensions between the secular and religious communities.
Because the terms "secular" and "traditional" are not strictly defined, published estimates of the percentage of Israeli Jews who are considered "traditional" range from 32% to 55%. Estimates of the percentage of "secular" Jews vary even more widely: from 20% to 80% of the Israeli population.
Orthodox spectrum.
The spectrum covered by "Orthodox" in the diaspora exists in Israel, again with some important variations. The Orthodox spectrum in Israel includes a far greater percentage of the Jewish population than in the diaspora, though "how much" greater is hotly debated. Various ways of measuring this percentage, each with its pros and cons, include the proportion of religiously observant Knesset members (about 25 out of 120), the proportion of Jewish children enrolled in religious schools, and statistical studies on "identity".
What would be called "Orthodox" in the diaspora includes what is commonly called "dati" ("religious") or "haredi" ("ultra-Orthodox") in Israel. The former term includes what is called Religious Zionism or the "National Religious" community (and also Modern Orthodox in US terms), as well as what has become known over the past decade or so as "Hardal" ("haredi-leumi", i.e. "ultra-Orthodox nationalist"), which combines a largely "haredi" lifestyle with a nationalist (i.e. pro-Zionist) ideology.
Haredi applies to a populace that can be roughly divided into three separate groups along both ethnic and ideological lines: (1) "Lithuanian" (i.e. non-hasidic) "haredim" of Ashkenazic (i.e. "Germanic" - European) origin; (2) Hasidic "haredim" of Ashkenazic (mostly of Eastern European) origin; and (3) Sephardic (including mizrahi) "haredim". The third group has the largest political representation in Israel's parliament (the Knesset), and has been the most politically active since the early 1990s, represented by the Shas party.
There is also a growing baal teshuva (Jewish penitents) movement of secular Israelis rejecting their previously secular lifestyles and choosing to become religiously observant with many educational programs and yeshivas for them. An example is Aish HaTorah, which received open encouragement from some sectors within the Israeli establishment. The Israeli government gave Aish HaTorah the real estate rights to its massive new campus opposite the Western Wall because of its proven ability to attract all manner of secular Jews to learn more about Judaism. In many instances after visiting from foreign countries, students decide to make Israel their permanent home by making aliyah. Other notable organizations involved in these efforts are the Chabad and Breslov Hasidic movements who manage to have an ever-growing appeal, the popularity of Rabbi Amnon Yitzhak's organization and the Arachim organization that offer a variety of frequent free "introduction to Judaism" seminars to secular Jews, the Lev LeAchim organization that sends out senior yeshiva and kollel students to recruit Israeli children for religious elementary schools and Yad LeAchim which runs counter missionary programs. Shalom Hartman Institute of Jerusalem runs the Be'eri program to bring Jewish thought, philosophy, culture and history to "secular" to more than 50,000 Israeli school students and IDF officers without teaching religious practice or demanding observance of religious norms.
At the same time, there is also a significant movement in the opposite direction toward a secular lifestyle. There is some debate which trend is stronger at present. Recent polls show that ranks of secular Jewish minority in Israel continued to drop in 2009. Currently the secular make up only 42%.
Secular–religious status quo.
The religious status quo, agreed to by David Ben-Gurion with the Orthodox parties at the time of Israel's declaration of independence in 1948, is an agreement on the role that Judaism would play in Israel's government and the judicial system. The agreement was based upon a letter sent by Ben-Gurion to Agudat Israel dated 19 June 1947. Under this agreement, which still operates in most respects today:
Nevertheless, some breaches of the "status quo" have become prevalent, such as several suburban malls remaining open during the Sabbath. Though this is contrary to the law, the government largely turns a blind eye.
Many parts of the "status quo" have been challenged by secular Israelis regarding the Chief Rabbinate's strict control over Jewish weddings, Jewish divorce proceedings, conversions, and the question of who is a Jew for the purposes of immigration.
While the state of Israel enables freedom of religion for all of its citizens, it does not enable civil marriage. The state forbids and disapproves of any civil marriages or non-religious divorces performed amongst within the country. Because of this, some Israelis choose to marry outside of Israel.
The Ministry of Education manages the secular and Orthodox school networks of various faiths in parallel, with a limited degree of independence and a common core curriculum.
In recent years, perceived frustration with the "status quo" among the secular population has strengthened parties such as Shinui, which advocate separation of religion and state, without much success so far.
Today the secular Israeli-Jews claim that they aren't religious and don't observe Jewish law, and that Israel as a democratic modern country should not force the observance thereof upon its citizens against their will. The Orthodox Israeli-Jews claim that the separation between state and religion will contribute to the end of Israel's Jewish identity.
Signs of the first challenge to the status quo came in 1977, with the fall of the Labor government that had been in power since independence, and the formation of a right-wing coalition under Menachem Begin. Right-wing Revisionist Zionism had always been more acceptable to the Orthodox parties, since it did not share the same history of anti-religious rhetoric that marked socialist Zionism. Furthermore, Begin needed the Haredi members of the Knesset (Israel's unicameral parliament) to form his coalition, and offered more power and benefits to their community than what they had been accustomed to receiving, including a lifting of the numerical limit on military exemptions for those engaged in full-time Torah study.
On the other hand, secular Israelis began questioning whether a "status quo" based on the conditions of the 1940s and 1950s was still relevant in the 1980s and 1990s, and reckoned that they had cultural and institutional support to enable them to change it regardless of its relevance. They challenged Orthodox control of personal affairs such as marriage and divorce, resented the lack of entertainment and transportation options on the Jewish Sabbath (then the country's only day of rest), and questioned whether the burden of military service was being shared equitably, since the 400 scholars who originally benefited from the exemption, had grown to 50,000 . Finally, the Progressive and Masorti communities, though still small, began to exert themselves as an alternative to the Haredi control of religious issues. No one was happy with the "status quo"; the Orthodox used their newfound political force to attempt to extend religious control, and the non-Orthodox sought to reduce or even eliminate it.
In 2010 a report released by the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics showed that 8% of Israel's Jewish population defines itself as ultra-Orthodox, 12% as Orthodox, 13% as traditional-religious, 25% as traditional, and 42% as secular, on a descending scale of religiosity. Among the Arab population it showed that 8% define themselves as very religious, 47% as religious, 27% as not very religious, and 18% as not religious.
Chief Rabbinate.
It was during the British Mandate of Palestine that the British administration established an official dual Ashkenazi-Sephardi "Chief Rabbinate" ("rabbanut harashit") that was exclusively Orthodox, as part of an effort to consolidate and organize Jewish life based on its own model in Britain, which encouraged strict loyalty to the British crown, and in order to attempt to influence the religious life of the Jews in Palestine in a similar fashion. In 1921, Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook (1864–1935) was chosen as the first Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi and Rabbi Jacob Meir as the first Sephardi Chief Rabbi ("Rishon LeTzion"). Rabbi Kook was a leading light of the religious Zionist movement, and was acknowledged by all as a great rabbi of his generation. He believed that the work of secular Jews toward creating an eventual Jewish state in Eretz Yisrael was part of a divine plan for the settlement of the land of Israel. The return to Israel was in Kook's view not merely a political phenomenon to save Jews from persecution, but an event of extraordinary historical and theological significance.
Prior to the 1917 British conquest of Palestine, the Ottomans had recognized the leading rabbis of the Old Yishuv as the official leaders of the small Jewish community that for many centuries consisted mostly of the devoutly Orthodox Jews from Eastern Europe as well as those from the Levant who had made aliyah to the Holy Land, primarily for religious reasons. The European immigrants had unified themselves in an organization initially known as the "Vaad Ha'ir", which later changed its name to "Edah HaChareidis".The Turks viewed the local rabbis of Palestine as extensions of their own Orthodox Hakham Bashis (" Chief Rabbi/s") who were loyal to the Sultan.
Thus the centrality of an Orthodox dominated Chief Rabbinate became part of the new state of Israel as well when it was established in 1948. Based in its central offices at "Heichal Shlomo" in Jerusalem the Israeli Chief rabbinate has continued to wield exclusive control over all the Jewish religious aspects of the secular state of Israel. Through a complex system of "advice and consent" from a variety of senior rabbis and influential politicians, each Israeli city and town also gets to elect its own local Orthodox Chief Rabbi who is looked up to by substantial regional and even national religious and even non-religious Israeli Jews.
Through a national network of Batei Din ("religious courts"), each headed only by approved Orthodox Av Beit Din judges, as well as a network of "Religious Councils" that are part of each municipality, the Israeli Chief Rabbinate retains exclusive control and has the final say in the state about virtually all matters pertaining to conversion to Judaism, the Kosher certification of foods, the status of Jewish marriages and divorces, and monitoring and acting when called upon to supervise the observance of some laws relating to Shabbat observance, Passover (particularly when issues concerning the sale or ownership of Chametz come up), the observance of the Sabbatical year and the Jubilee year in the agricultural sphere.
The Israel Defense Forces also relies on the Chief Rabbinate's approval for its own Jewish chaplains who are exclusively Orthodox. The IDF has a number of units that cater to the unique religious requirements of the Religious Zionist yeshiva students through the Hesder program of combined alternating military service and yeshiva studies over several years.
Karaites.
The Karaite community in Israel, with an estimated population of 12,000 lives mainly in Ramla, Ashdod and Beer-Sheva.
Islam.
Jerusalem is a city of major religious significance for Muslims worldwide.
After capturing the Old City of Jerusalem in 1967, Israel found itself in control of Mount Moriah, which was the site of both Jewish temples and Islam's third holiest site, after those in Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia: The "Haram al Sharif" (Temple Mount) from which Muslims believe that Mohammad ascended to Heaven. This mountain, which has the Dome of the Rock and the adjacent Al-Aqsa Mosque on it, is the third-holiest site in Islam (and the holiest in Judaism). Since 1967, the Israeli government has granted authority to a Waqf to administer the area. Rumors that the Israeli government are seeking to demolish the Muslim sites have angered Muslims. These beliefs are possibly related to excavations that have been taking place close to the Temple Mount, with the intention of gathering archeological remnants of the first and second temple period, as well as the stance of some rabbis and activists who call for its destruction to replace it with the Third Temple.
Most Muslims in Israel are Sunni Arabs with a small minority of Ahmadi Arabs. From 1516 to 1917, the Sunni Ottoman Turks ruled the areas that now include Israel. Their rulership reinforced and ensured the centrality and importance of Islam as the dominant religion in the region. The conquest of Palestine by the British in 1917 and the subsequent Balfour Declaration opened the gates for the arrival of large numbers of Jews in Palestine who began to tip the scales in favor of Judaism with the passing of each decade. However, the British transferred the symbolic Islamic governance of the land to the Hashemites based in Jordan, and not to the House of Saud. The Hashemites thus became the official guardians of the Islamic holy places of Jerusalem and the areas around it, particularly strong when Jordan controlled the West Bank (1948–1967).
In 1922 the British had created the Supreme Muslim Council in the British Mandate of Palestine and appointed Amin al-Husayni (1895–1974) as the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem. The council was abolished in 1948, but the Grand Mufti continued as one of the most prominent Islamic and Arab leaders of modern times. Israeli Muslims are free to teach Islam to their children in their own schools, and there are a number of Islamic universities and colleges in Israel and the territories. Islamic law remains the law for concerns relating to, for example, marriage, divorce, inheritance and other family matters relating to Muslims, without the need for formal recognition arrangements of the kind extended to the main Christian churches. Similarly Ottoman law, in the form of the Mecelle, for a long time remained the basis of large parts of Israeli law, for example concerning land ownership.
In 2008 16.5% of the population of Israel, excluding the West Bank and Gaza, were Muslims. The percentage of people who graduated from Israeli universities in 2008 who were Muslim was 4.8%.
Christianity.
Most Christians living permanently in Israel are Arabs or have come from other countries to live and work mainly in churches or monasteries, which have long histories in the land. Nine churches are officially recognized under Israel's confessional system, for the self-regulation of status issues, such as marriage and divorce. These are the Eastern Orthodox, Roman Catholic (Latin rite), Gregorian-Armenian, Armenian Catholic, Syriac Catholic, Chaldean (Uniate), Melkite (Greek Catholic), Ethiopian Orthodox, Maronite and Syriac Orthodox churches, and Anglicanism.
The largest Christian community in Israel is that of the Greek Catholics, (Melkite), with 40% of the total Christian population. They are followed by the Greek Orthodox, 32%, the Roman Catholics, 20%, and the Maronites, 7%. The remaining Christian groups amount to around 1% of the total.
According to historical and traditional sources, Jesus lived in the Land of Israel, and died and was buried on the site of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem, making the land a Holy Land for Christianity. However, few Christians now live in the area, compared to Muslims and Jews. This is because Islam displaced Christianity in almost all of the Middle East, and the rise of modern Zionism and the establishment of the State of Israel has seen millions of Jews migrate to Israel. The Christian population in Israel has increased significantly with the immigration of foreign workers from a number of countries, and the immigration of accompanying non-Jewish spouses in mixed marriages. Numerous churches have opened in Tel Aviv.
Eastern Orthodox and Catholic Churches.
Most Christians in Israel belong primarily to branches of the Eastern Orthodox Churches and Roman Catholic Churches that oversee a variety of churches, monasteries, seminaries, and religious institutions all over the land, particularly in Jerusalem. In the 19th century the Russian Empire constituted itself the guardian of the interests of Christians living in the Holy Land, and even today large amounts of Jerusalem real estate (including the site of the Knesset building) are owned by the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Jerusalem.
Protestants.
In modern times, one of the most vocal and active sectors of Christianity in support of Israel has come from the Protestant churches that support Evangelicalism. Each year hundreds of thousands of Christian Evangelicals come as tourists to see Israel, to be inspired by the land of the Bible and in the process benefiting the local economy as well.
Messianic Judaism.
Messianic Judaism is a religious movement that incorporates elements of Judaism with the tenets of Christianity. They worship God the Father as one person of the Trinity. They worship Jesus, whom they call "Yeshua". Messianic Jews believe that Jesus is the Messiah. They emphasise that Jesus was a Jew, as were his early followers. Most adherents in Israel reject traditional Christianity and its symbols, in favour of celebrating Jewish festivals. Although followers of Messianic Judaism are not considered Jews under Israel's Law of Return, there are an estimated 10,000 adherents in the State of Israel, both Jews and other non-Arab Israelis, many of them recent immigrants from the former Soviet Union. In Jerusalem, there are twelve Messianic congregations. On 23 February 2007, Israel Channel 2 News released a news documentary about the growing number of Messianic Jews in Israel. In Israel Jewish Christians themselves, go by the name "Mashiykhiyyim" (from Messiah, as found in the Franz Delitzsch Hebrew New Testament) rather than the traditional Talmudic name for Christians "Notzrim," (from Nazarene).
Other religious minorities.
Druze.
Israel is home to about 102,000 Druze who follow their own gnostic religion. The Druze live mainly in the Haifa area, Acre and Peki'in. Since 1957, the Israeli government has also designated the Druze a distinct ethnic community, at the request of the community's leaders. Until his death in 1993, the Druze community in Israel was led by Shaykh Amin Tarif, a charismatic figure regarded by many within the Druze community internationally as the preeminent religious leader of his time.
Bahá'í.
The Bahá'í Faith has its administrative centre in Haifa on land it has owned since Bahá'u'lláh's imprisonment in Acre in the early 1870s by the Ottoman Empire. Pilgrims from all over the world visit for short periods of time. Apart from the approximately six hundred volunteer staff, Bahá'ís do not live or preach in Israel. Bahá'í individuals from other countries, wishing to visit Israel, have to seek written permission from Bahá'í World Centre in Haifa prior to their visit.
Buddhists.
Israel has 6,400 Buddhists, most of whom practice Tibetan Buddhism.
Samaritans.
Israel is home to the only significant populations of Samaritans in the world.
As of November 1, 2007, there were 712 Samaritans. The community lives almost exclusively in Kiryat Luza on Mount Gerizim and in Holon. Ancestrally, they claim descent from a group of Israelite inhabitants from the tribes of Joseph and Levi.
Hindus.
The small Hindu community in Israel is mostly made up of representatives of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness. In 2002, most of the devotees lived in Katzir-Harish.
Sanctity of Jerusalem, Mount Gerizim, and Haifa/Acre.
Jerusalem plays an important role in three monotheistic religions — Judaism, Christianity, and Islam - and Haifa and Acre play a role in a fourth - Baha'i. Mount Gerizim is a holy site to what can be considered a fifth - Samaritanism. The 2000 Statistical Yearbook of Jerusalem lists 1204 synagogues, 158 churches, and 73 mosques within the city. Despite efforts to maintain peaceful religious coexistence, some sites, such as the Temple Mount, have been a continuous source of friction and controversy. Jerusalem has been sacred to the Jews since the 10th century BC. The Western Wall, a remnant of the Second Temple, is a holy site for Jews, second only to the Temple Mount itself.
Christianity reveres Jerusalem not only for its role in the Old Testament but also for its significance in the life of Jesus. The land currently occupied by the Church of the Holy Sepulchre is considered one of the top candidates for Golgotha and thus has been a Christian pilgrimage site for the past two thousand years. In 1889, the Ottoman Empire allowed the Catholic Church to re-establish its hierarchy in Palestine. Other ancient churches, such as the Greek, Armenian, Syrian, and Coptic churches are also well represented in Jerusalem.
In Islam, Jerusalem is the third-holiest city, after Mecca and Medina. The Temple Mount is topped by two Islamic landmarks intended to commemorate the event — al-Aqsa Mosque, derived from the name mentioned in the Quran, and the Dome of the Rock, which stands over the Foundation Stone, from which Muslims believe Muhammad ascended to Heaven. As for the importance of Haifa and Acre in Baha'i Faith, it is related to Bahá'u'lláh, who was imprisoned in Acre and spent his final years there. Mount Gerizim is the holiest site to Samaritans, who used it as the site of their temple.
Religious relations.
Within the Jewish community.
The State of Israel allows freedom of religion for all religious communities, both in law and in practice. Freedom House reports: "Freedom of religion is respected. Each community has jurisdiction over its own members in matters of marriage, burial, and divorce."
Religious tensions exist between Jewish "haredi" and non-"haredi" Israeli Jews. "Haredi" Israeli males devote their young adulthood to full-time Talmudic studies and therefore generally get exemptions from military service in the Israel Defense Forces. Many leaders of "haredi" Judaism encourage these students to apply for exemptions from the mandatory army service, ostensibly to protect them from the secularizing influence of the Israeli army. Over the years, the number of exemptions has grown to about 10% of conscriptable manpower. Many secular Israelis consider these exemptions to be a systematic shirking of their patriotic duty by a large segment of society.
"Haredi" Israelis are represented by "haredi" political parties, which like all smaller parties in a system of proportional representation may tend to wield disproportionate political power at the point when government coalitions need to be negotiated following national elections. , the two main Haredi parties in the Knesset are Shas, representing Sephardi and Mizrahi interests, and United Torah Judaism, an alliance of Degel HaTorah (Lithuanian Haredi) and Agudath Yisrael. The Shinui party was created as a backlash to the perceived influence of the "haredi" parties, and to represent the interests of secular Jews that supposedly were not seen to by the other non-religious parties.
Tension also exists between the Orthodox establishment and the Conservative and Reform movements. Only Orthodox Judaism is officially recognized in Israel (though conversions conducted by Conservative and Reform clergy outside of Israel may be accepted for the purposes of the Law of Return). As a result, Conservative and Reform synagogues receive minimal government funding and support. Conservative and Reform rabbis cannot officiate at religious ceremonies and any marriages, divorces, and conversions they perform are not considered valid. Conservative and Reform Jews have been prohibited from holding services at the Western Wall on the grounds that they violate Orthodox norms regarding participation of women.
Tensions exist surrounding Mehadrin bus lines, a type of bus line in Israel which mostly runs in and/or between major Haredi population centers, in which gender segregation are applied. Non-Haredi female passengers have complained of being harassed and forced to sit at the back of the bus. In a ruling of January 2011, the Israeli High Court of Justice stated the unlawfulness of gender segregation and abolished the “mehadrin” public buses. However, the court rule allowed the continuation of the gender segregation in public buses on a strictly voluntary basis for a one-year experimental period.
Between Jews and Christians.
Messianic Jews who are members of Messianic congregations, and separately Jehovah's Witnesses and evangelical Christians, are among the most active missionary movements in Israel. Their proselytising has faced demonstrations and intermittent protests by the Haredi anti-missionary group "Yad LeAchim", which infiltrates those movements, as well as other proselytising groups including Hare Krishna and Scientology, and maintains extensive records on their activities. Attempts by Messianic Jews to evangelize other Jews are seen by many religious Jews as incitement to "avodah zarah" (foreign worship or idolatry). Over the years there have been several arson attempts of messianic congregations. There have also been attacks on Messianic Jews and hundreds of New Testaments distributed in Or Yehuda were burned. While missionary activity itself is not illegal in Israel, it is illegal to offer money or other material inducements. Legislation banning missionary work outright has been attempted in the past.
Orthodox Jewish communities in Israel have come under scrutiny for the negative stereotyping and scapegoating of Christian minorities in the region, including violent acts against Christian missionaries and communities. 
A frequent complaint of Christian clergy in Israel is being spat at by Jews, often haredi yeshiva students. The Anti-Defamation League has called on the chief Rabbis to speak out against interfaith assaults. In January 2010, Christian leaders, Israeli Foreign ministry staff, representatives of the Jerusalem municipality and the Haredi community met to discuss the problem. The Haredi Community Tribunal of Justice published a statement condemning the practice, stating that it was a "desecration of God's name". Several events were planned in 2010 by the liberal Orthodox Yedidya congregation to show solidarity with Christians and improve relations between the Haredi and Christian communities of Jerusalem.
Marriage and divorce.
Currently, Israeli marriage licenses if performed under an official religious authority (whether it be Orthodox Jewish, Christian, Muslim, Druze, etc.) only between a man and a woman of the same religion. Civil marriages were officially sanctioned only if performed abroad, but 2010 changes in Israeli law allow secular marriage in Israel for people that have proven to lack any religion also. This is a major issue among secular groups, as well as adherents to non-Orthodox streams of Judaism. There is fear that civil marriage will divide the Jewish people in Israel between those who can marry Jews and those who cannot, leading to concerns over retaining the character of the Jewish state.
Relative sizes of the religious communities in Israel.
The census results are in thousands.
In the 2011 census, non-Arab Christians, estimated to number 25,000, were counted as "Jews and others".

</doc>
<doc id="2868698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868698" title="Joseph F. Biroc">
Joseph F. Biroc

Joseph Francis Biroc, A.S.C. (February 12, 1903 – September 7, 1996) was an American Academy Award-winning cinematographer. He was born in New York City and began working in films at the Paragon Studios in Fort Lee, New Jersey. After working there for approximately six years, he moved to Los Angeles. Once in Southern California, Biroc worked at the RKO Pictures movie studio. During World War II, he served in the U.S. Army Signal Corps, and filmed the Liberation of Paris in August 1944. In 1950, Biroc left RKO Pictures and freelanced on projects at various studios. In addition to his film work, which included "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946) and "The Flight of the Phoenix" (1965), Biroc worked on various television series, including the "Adventures of Superman" and "Wonder Woman".
Biroc frequently collaborated with film director Robert Aldrich.

</doc>
<doc id="2868703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868703" title="Cranford">
Cranford

Cranford may refer to:
Cranford may also refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="2868705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868705" title="Glowlight danio">
Glowlight danio

The glowlight danio ("Danio choprai") is a small, schooling fish closely related to the popular zebrafish "Danio rerio". This should not be confused with the GloFish [http://www.glofish.com], a trademarked brand of fluorescent zebrafish that appear to glow in the dark under ultraviolet light. "Danio choprai" is an active danionin species that spends most of its time on mid-water levels. This species feeds on insects that have fallen into the water, aquatic insect larvae, and other small animals. In the aquarium, it accepts most foods offered, including most dry foods. It has a streamlined body marked with a brilliant orange longitudinal band and a series of vertical blue-black bars on the flanks. The fins are edged with yellow. In recent years, it has become quite widely traded as an aquarium fish, but otherwise has no commercial importance. Its common name derives from its similarity to the glowlight tetra, a South American characin only distantly related to this fish. They get on well with all other "Danio" species except the giant danio.
A less frequently traded geographical variant from the Putao area of northern Myanmar, known as the "northern glowlight danio", sometimes is referred to by a fictitious scientific name ""Danio putaoensis"". This variant is larger and has more vertical bars and longer barbels.
Etymology of the Latin name.
S. L. Hora originally named this fish "Danio choprae" after Dr. B. N. Chopra. However, names ending in '-ae' are feminine and reserved for Latin names honouring women. Latin names honouring men usually end with '-i', and consequently the name of this fish has been recently amended. [http://www.calacademy.org/research/ichthyology/catalog/getname.asp?rank=species&id=52801

</doc>
<doc id="2868730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868730" title="Slough Jets">
Slough Jets

Slough Jets are an ice hockey team from Slough, Berkshire, England. They were the English Premier Ice Hockey League (EPIHL) Cup champions for the 2011–12 season. The team was founded in 1986 after the construction of the Slough Ice Arena in Montem Lane in Slough. With the help of Gary Stefan who had previously been with Streatham Redskins the Slough Jets were formed. The Slough Jets are one of the few clubs in the UK who from their foundation have continued to play to the present day without interruption or a change of name. They currently play in the English National Ice Hockey League (NIHL), which is the third tier of UK hockey. The Slough Jets' home rink is the Slough Ice Arena, which is also known as the "Hangar". The Slough Jets also have a thriving junior programme (Slough Junior Jets Academy or SJJA) with under 10s, 12s, 14s (A & B), 16s and 18s teams. Future Oscar winner Gareth Unwin, who produced The King's Speech, once played for the team.
For the season 2011–12 Slough were coached by Doug Sheppard who had joined the club a season earlier as a player.
Slough Jets also run a Slough Jets ENL team which competes ENL League 2, coached by current Jet Adam Greener
Season-by-season record.
"This is a partial list of the last five seasons completed by the Jets. For the full season-by-season history, see List of Slough Jets seasons."
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes
Franchise scoring leaders.
These are the top-ten point-scorers in franchise history. Figures are updated after each completed EPIHL regular season.
"Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games Played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; P/G = Points per game; * = current Jets player"

</doc>
<doc id="2868742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868742" title="Oxymitra">
Oxymitra

Oxymitra is the only genus in the liverwort family Oxymitraceae, in the order Marchantiales. The genus includes two or three species.
The species "Oxymitra paleacea" Bisch. occurs in Europe, South America and North America (Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas and Missouri, on sandstone or igneous substrates). North American plants have sometimes been considered a separate species "O. androgyna", but they have more often been included in a wider definition of "O. paleacea". The species "Oxymitra cristata" is found in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="2868748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868748" title="Tara King">
Tara King

Tara King is a fictional character of British 1960s adventure television series "The Avengers", played by Canadian actress Linda Thorson. Sixth partner of agent John Steed (and fourth female partner), she appeared in season 6 (in color) of the series (1968-1969), playing in 33 episodes. She is Emma Peel's successor. She is also the first of John Steed's partners to be a real spy.
The character.
Arrival.
Unlike Steed's other partners, we know few things about her. She enlisted at an early age in the Intelligence Service as a trainee, under the number 69. Her first contact with the bowler-hatted agent is described in the first episode of season 6: "The Forget-me-Knot". This was a rather spectacular meeting: thinking Steed is the "enemy" of her training, she pounces on him before she realizes she has made a mistake. Shortly after, she makes Steed's acquaintance. During their talk, we learn John Steed is considered as an idol by all agents, Tara included. She then helps him to resolve the episode's investigation.
Episode ending: Emma Peel leaves Steed and her life as a "talented amateur" to go back to her husband, Peter Peel, who has been miraculously found in the Amazonian jungle, two years after his plane crashed. This means Steed needs a new partner: he phones his boss Mother, who tells him he "knows his tastes". Mother appoints Tara King to replace Emma. Tara comes to Steed's flat just in time to pass Mrs Peel on the stairs. Emma (whom she has never met before) gives her a piece of advice: how to stir Steed's tea ("anticlockwise"). This scene, where Emma passes the torch to Tara, is one of the best-known sequences of the series. Tara arrives at Steed's flat and, although he is saddened by Emma's departure, he is delighted to see his new partner, greeting her with the words "Tara - Ra-boom-di-ay". The clear implication is that she will not only replace Mrs. Peel in Steed's professional career, but also in his personal life, and possibly his bed. For the remainder of the series, his relationship with her was more overtly romantic and physical than with Mrs. Peel, and it was much more strongly hinted that they were sexually intimate, though not necessarily exclusive. 

</doc>
<doc id="2868750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868750" title="Brent Seabrook">
Brent Seabrook

Brent Seabrook (born April 20, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected 14th overall by the Blackhawks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft out of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He played four seasons of junior with the Lethbridge Hurricanes before joining the Blackhawks in 2005–06. Internationally, he competes for Team Canada and has won gold medals at the 2003 IIHF World U18 Championships, 2005 World Junior Championships and 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Playing career.
Growing up in Tsawwassen, British Columbia, Seabrook played minor hockey with the South Delta Minor Hockey Association. He also played spring hockey with the Pacific Vipers, along with three future Chicago Blackhawks teammates, Colin Fraser, Troy Brouwer and Andrew Ladd. He went on to play major junior in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Lethbridge Hurricanes, who drafted by him in the first round of the 2000 WHL Bantam Draft. Seabrook played with Chicago Blackhawks teammate Kris Versteeg for three seasons in Lethbridge. After a 42-point season in 2002–03 with the Hurricanes, Seabrook was drafted 14th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Seabrook made his professional debut after completing his fourth and final WHL season, being assigned to the Norfolk Admirals, the Blackhawks' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, for the final three games of the regular season and six post-season games. Seabrook cracked the Blackhawks' lineup his first year out of junior in 2005–06 and recorded 5 goals and 32 points as a rookie. In his third NHL season, in 2007–08, Seabrook matched his rookie total with 32 points while tallying a personal best nine goals. He began the season on the top-defensive pairing with Duncan Keith.
The following season, he became an integral part of a young and rejuvenated Blackhawks team that made the playoffs for the first time in seven years the following season in 2009. Seabrook scored 11 points in 17 post-season games as the Blackhawks made it to the Western Conference Finals, where they were defeated by the Detroit Red Wings. On March 17, 2010, Seabrook was knocked out by a high hit from James Wisniewski, a former teammate. Seabrook missed the next two games, while Wisniewski was ultimately suspended for eight games. On June 9, 2010, the Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup after defeating the Philadelphia Flyers 4-3 in overtime. 
On February 27, 2011, the Chicago Blackhawks signed Seabrook to a five-year, $30 million contract. On May 29, 2013, Seabrook scored the Game 7 overtime winner against the Detroit Red Wings in the Conference Semifinals. On June 19, 2013, Seabrook scored the overtime winner against the Boston Bruins in game 4 of the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals. Seabrook won his second Stanley Cup as the Blackhawks beat the Boston Bruins in six games.
During the first round of the 2014 Stanley Cup playoffs, Seabrook delivered a high-hit to David Backes of the St. Louis Blues. Backes was forced to leave the game and Seabrook was assessed a match penalty. The Department of Player Safety reviewed the hit and suspended Seabrook for three games.
International play.
During his junior career, Seabrook represented Team Canada in two World Junior Championships. In 2004 in Finland, he recorded 3 points to help Canada to the gold medal game against the United States, where they were defeated 4–3. Returning the following year in 2005 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships in the United States, he matched his 3-point total from the previous tournament and helped defeat Russia 6–1 in the final to capture Canada's first gold medal of a five-year run.
After his rookie season with the Chicago Blackhawks, Seabrook made his senior international debut with Team Canada at the 2006 World Championships in Latvia, where Canada failed to medal.
On December 30, 2009, Seabrook was called and asked to play for Team Canada for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver along with Blackhawks teammates Duncan Keith and Jonathan Toews. He was expected to continue his NHL pairing with Keith during the tournament, but he instead became designated as Canada's seventh defenceman. He notched one assist over seven games as Canada won the gold medal over the United States 3–2 in overtime on February 28, 2010.
Personal life.
On February 25, 2014, Seabrook, along with Blackhawks teammate Duncan Keith, made a cameo appearance on the NBC drama "Chicago Fire". His younger brother, Keith Seabrook, was drafted by the Florida Panthers and played in the AHL from 2009 to 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2868757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868757" title="Julius Aghahowa">
Julius Aghahowa

Julius Aghahowa (born 12 February 1982 in Benin City) is a Nigerian footballer who is currently free agent. He is known for his pace and his back-flips when he scores goals.
Aghahowa has played for Nigeria at four Africa Cup of Nations, the 2002 World Cup and the 2000 Olympics, as well as playing top-flight football in Tunisia, Ukraine, England and Turkey.
Club career.
Early career.
Aghahowa began his career with the Police Machines, a local police team, and went on to Bendel Insurance. He signed for Danish lower division team Herning Fremad before the 1999 African Youth Championship, but Aghahowa performed so well there that he wanted to play for a bigger club. He ended up with the Tunisian champions, Espérance, when he procured a contract with the Tunisians which predated the Herning Fremad contract.
Shakhtar Donetsk.
In the middle of the 2000–01 season, Aghahowa transferred to Shakhtar Donetsk, who soon won the Ukrainian league championship. Aghahowa won the game for Shakhtar in the 2006 Ukrainian Championship against Dynamo Kyiv, heading the winner in extra-time and being named man of the match. His performance in the final has been widely seen as the "saving grace" of his career at Shakhtar, with his future at the club looking bleak earlier in the season. After playing over six years for Shakhtar Donetsk, Aghahowa left for Wigan Athletic.
Wigan Athletic.
His work permit was passed and on 30 January 2007, he signed for Wigan Athletic for an undisclosed fee, playing his first Premiership match for them against Portsmouth on 3 February. Aghahowa did not score for Wigan in one and half years and on 20 June 2008, he signed for Kayserispor.
Return to Shakhtar Donetsk.
On 4 July 2009, Shakhtar Donetsk signed Aghahowa on a free transfer after he was released by Kayserispor. He had already played for Shakhtar from 2000 to 2007 and declared a great desire to play for his old club. However, he could not find himself as a regular starter and was loaned out to PFC Sevastopol at the beginning of the 2010–11 season. He was released at the end of the 2011-12 season.
International career.
Aghahowa has played 32 matches and scored 14 goals for the Nigerian national team, including their only goal at the 2002 World Cup against Sweden. He became Nigeria's top goalscorer at the 2002 African Nations Cup. He also played at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Career statistics.
Club.
1Including 1 match in Ukrainian Super Cup

</doc>
<doc id="2868762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868762" title="Hexagonal lattice">
Hexagonal lattice

The hexagonal lattice or equilateral triangular lattice is one of the five 2D lattice types.
Three nearby points form an equilateral triangle. In images four orientations of such a triangle are by far the most common. They can conveniently be referred to, by viewing the triangle as an arrow, as pointing up, down, to the left, or to the right, although in each case they could also be considered to point into two oblique directions.
Two orientations of an image of the lattice are by far the most common. They can conveniently be referred to as "hexagonal lattice with horizontal rows" (like in the figure below), with triangles pointing up and down, and "hexagonal lattice with vertical rows", with triangles pointing left and right. They differ by an angle of 30°.
The hexagonal lattice with horizontal rows is a special case of a centered rectangular (i.e. rhombic) grid, with rectangles which are √3 times as high as wide. Of course for the other orientation the rectangles are √3 times as wide as high.
Its symmetry category is wallpaper group p6m. A pattern with this lattice of translational symmetry cannot have more, but may have less symmetry than the lattice itself.
For an image of a honeycomb structure, again two orientations are by far the most common. They can conveniently be referred to as "honeycomb structure with horizontal rows", with hexagons with two vertical sides, and "honeycomb structure with vertical rows", with hexagons with two horizontal sides. They differ by an angle of 90°, or equivalently 30°.
A honeycomb structure is in two ways related to a hexagonal lattice:
The ratio of the number of vertices and the number of hexagons is 2, so together with the centers the ratio is 3, the reciprocal of the square of the scale factor.
The term "honeycomb lattice" could mean a corresponding hexagonal lattice, or a structure which is not a lattice in the group sense, but e.g. one in the sense of a lattice model. A set of points forming the vertices of a honeycomb (without points at the centers) shows the honeycomb structure:
In addition to these points, or instead of them, the sides of the hexagons may be shown; depending on application they may be called "lattice bonds".
With respect to a hexagonal lattice we can distinguish two sets or three directions:
Within each set of directions the directions differ by an angle of 60°, and between sets by angles of 30° and 90°. For a hexagonal lattice with horizontal rows one of the three directions is horizontal, and for a hexagonal lattice with vertical rows one of the three directions is vertical.
Conversely, for a given lattice we can create a rotated lattice that is √3 times as fine by adding the centers of the equilateral triangles. Since there are twice as many triangles as vertices, this triples the number of vertices.
A pattern with 3- or 6-fold rotational symmetry has a lattice of 3-fold rotocenters (including possible 6-fold rotocenters) that is this finer lattice relative to the lattice of translational symmetry.
In the case of 6-fold rotational symmetry the 6-fold centers form a lattice as coarse as the lattice of translational symmetry, i.e. there is one 6-fold center and there are two 3-fold centers per primitive cell.
For reflection axes, there are two possible sets of directions, mentioned above. In the case of 3-fold symmetry either none (p3) or one of the two applies:
In the 6-fold case either none (p6) or both (p6m) apply.
If there are reflection axes in the main translation directions, one of the three sets of rotocenters play a different role than the other two: these reflection axes pass through them. With p6 one set is special because of being 6-fold.

</doc>
<doc id="2868767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868767" title="Corsiniaceae">
Corsiniaceae

Corsiniaceae is a family of liverworts in the order Marchantiales.

</doc>
<doc id="2868771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868771" title="Fermana F.C.">
Fermana F.C.

Fermana Football Club is an Italian association football club, based in Fermo, Marche. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
Foundation.
The club was originally founded in 1920 as "S.S. La Fermo" and was renamed in 1925 "U.S. Fermana" after the merger with "Fermo F.C.". 
Fermana 1920.
In 1999 Fermana won the Serie C1/B title under head coach Ivo Iaconi, thus ensuring a historical first appearance into Serie B. That season proved to be the only one, as they were promptly relegated back into Serie C1.
Fermana relegated to Serie C2 after a disappointing 2005–06 Serie C1/A campaign ended in a poor last place, and 13 points in 34 matches. Following this relegation the club, under heavy financial struggles, were forced to gave up their Serie C2 membership. 
U.S. Fermana 2006.
A new club, named Unione Sportiva Fermana 2006, was founded on 2006 and admitted to Group A of amateur regional "Prima Categoria" (8th level of Italian football). They were promoted to "Promozione" in 2006–07, missing the chance to be promoted to Eccellenza after being defeated 2–1 (aggregate score) by Cuprense in the playoff finals. In season 2007-2008, Fermana won the championship and it is promoted in Eccellenza, but Fermana ended the season in 7 th place after a disastrous year behind rival Sambenedettese (who won the championship).
The following year 2010-2011, the league made a Fermana amazing, but the final day drew the game with another rival team the Ancona 2-2 and lost the championship by one point. The 2011-2012 season opens with the Fermana in a more balanced league victory. In 2012-13 season it won Coppa Italia Dilettanti, but went bankrupt at the end of the season.
Fermana F.C..
In summer 2013 the club was refounded as Fermana Football Club after the merger of "A.S.D. Montegranaro Calcio 1965" (winner of Eccellenza playoffs) and "AFC Fermo" restarting from Serie D.
Colors and badge.
The colors of the club are yellow and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="2868775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868775" title="Anatoliy Skorokhod">
Anatoliy Skorokhod

Anatoliy Volodymyrovych Skorokhod (; September 10, 1930January 3, 2011) was a Soviet and Ukrainian mathematician, and an academician of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine from 1985 to his death in 2011.
In 1956–1964 he worked at Kyiv University. From 1964 until 2002, he was at the Institute of Mathematics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. At the same time, he was a professor at Kyiv University. Since 1993, he had been a professor at Michigan State University, U.S., and a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
His scientific works are on the theory of stochastic differential equations, limit theorems of random processes, distributions in infinite-dimensional spaces, statistics of random processes and Markov processes.
Skorokhod is the author of more than 450 scientific works, including more than 40 monographs and books.

</doc>
<doc id="2868784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868784" title="Peterborough Pirates">
Peterborough Pirates

Peterborough Pirates was an English ice hockey team. It was established in 1982, as the senior adult semi-professional team of the newly formed Peterborough Ice Hockey Club.
"The Pirates", based at the East of England Ice Rink, Peterborough, played in the British National League. Their logo was a copy of the Philadelphia Flyers in the NHL. 
A notable former player is Former NHL iron man Garry Unger. During the 1986/87 season he played 30 games scoring 95 goals and 143 assists. And in the 1987/88 season he played 32 games scoring 37 goals and 44 assists.
Other former players of note to have played for Pirates were former Washington Capitals NHL defenceman Jim McTaggart of Weyburn, Saskatchewan, Canada; former Montreal Canadiens draftee and NHL St Louis Blues defenceman Michael Dark; former Vancouver Canucks, New York Rangers, Quebec Nordiques, Buffalo Sabres and Philadelphia Flyers NHL player Jere Gillis of Bend, Oregon, USA; Randy Smith of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada who was a silver medallist with Team Canada at the 1992 Winter Olympics; and former NHL Toronto Maple Leaf draftee Cam Plante of Brandon, Manitoba, Canada. 
Former coaches of note apart from Garry Unger, Cam Plante and Randy Smith was former NHL player for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Pittsburgh Penguins Rocky Saganiuk of Myrnam, Alberta, Canada who took the Pirates to the Heineken British Championships at the Wembley Arena in 1991, where they finished as runners-up to Durham Wasps in the final after beating Cardiff Devils in the semis. In their final season (2001–02) the team was coached by Glenn Mulvenna who had played with the Pittsburgh Penguins and Philadelphia Flyers. 
The Pirates finally folded in April 2002, when directors founded a new team Peterborough Phantoms, who play in the EPIHL.

</doc>
<doc id="2868793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868793" title="Velvet Cacoon">
Velvet Cacoon

Velvet Cacoon is a black metal band from Portland, Oregon, USA. According to members, the band was formed in 1996, although no material was released publicly until 2002. Due to the lack of information being provided by its members, it has proved very difficult to discern what is truth and what is fiction about Velvet Cacoon.
As of December 2009, Velvet Cacoon have broken up. However, Josh has posted on several forums that he has begun a new project entitled Clair Cassis. Clair Cassis released their album on vinyl LP record via Full Moon Productions in 2010, and two EPs releases through Khrysanthoney Co.

</doc>
<doc id="2868794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868794" title="Saraiki literature">
Saraiki literature

Saraiki literature is the literature of the Saraiki dialect of Western Punjabi Language, which is mostly spoken in central Pakistan. The main Saraiki-speaking areas are Multan, Bahawalpur, Dera Ghazi Khan and Dera Ismail Khan. Most Saraikis are Baloch, Khans, Pathans, Syeds, Gailanis, Qureshis or Non Natives of Punjab who immigrated lately in the last 500 years.
The separate Seraiki identity stems from the fact that many Immigrant Baloch and Pukhtoon population who inhabited the lands of Punjab refused to integrate into the culture of Punjab and rather they tried to carve out their own identity different from the people of Punjab.For example Durranis, Rabbanis, Niazis and Tareen tribes were the part of Afghan Empire and later they looted, killed and took away most of the lands from local people of South Punjab. Still Tareens and Durranis are feudals of South Punjab on the same land which they captured and snatched from local population during Durrani empire time. Even tough Ranjit Singh later attacked Multan and Bahawalpur regions and as a result many Afghans ran away and they had taken their lost lands back but still some Afghans remain behind. The reason of the separate identity away from Punjab stems from the racist point of view where Punjabis are considered lower caste converts from Hinduism while Syeds, Gailanis, Rabbanis, Durranis, Niazis Baloch etc. consider themselves as a ruler and super class. The same reason led to the strange phenomenon in Mianwali district where Niazi people called themselves Seraiki while they live in North Punjab and their language is pretty closer to Northern Dialects of Punjab but still they are adamant not to call themselves Punjabi at all.Saraiki is also spoken widely in the Sindh and Baluchistan provinces of Pakistan. 
Since the start of consciousness-raising efforts about common ethnic dialect in the 1960s, the number of Saraiki publications has increased. Most of the writings from the 1960s to the 1980s were political in nature and are coloured by the ethnopolitical aims of the writers. Even though the number of publications has increased in the last and present decade, the Saraiki intellectuals themselves admit that there is not much readership, except perhaps for the works of some renowned contemporary poets, especially of the revolutionary poet Shakir Shujaabadi. Although writings in all the regional dialects are suffering from lack of readership for similar reasons, in the case of Saraiki there are two additional reasons. Firstly, most of the writers bring in colloquial phraseology (which varies from one variety to the other) in their writings and secondly, many writers, in their zeal to prove the antiquity of Saraiki and to promote its Indo-Aryan feature, tend to use more Sanskrit words instead of the more common Arabic-Persian words in order to distinguish it from Punjabi and Urdu, thus blocking the understanding of their general readers.
Folk literature and tales.
There many folk tales associated with Ghazi Khan and his minister Gaaman Sachar, which is a legendary character in Saraiki folk tales.
Poetry.
Some of the prominent Sindhi and Hindko poets have also done poetry in Saraiki. Sultan Bahu's (1628–1691) poetry is one of the examples of the junction of Saraiki dialect and Majhi (Standard Punjabi dialect).
Early poetry.
There are very rare written poems available from the early history in Saraiki. The research is going on about the early Saraiki poetry.
20th century.
8
Prose.
Translation of Quran in Saraiki.
There are more than twenty translations of Quran in Saraiki. Dr. Maqbool Hassan Gillani did his Doctriate in Saraiki Translations of Quran.
Saraiki Dictionaries.
Names of some dictionaries writers in saraiki are:
Novelists.
2- *Ashraf Javed Malik had wrote a New saraiki Novel (pandhi )in 2013 .The Novel is a great voice of the saraiki area about its culture n the traditional sketch of its natives.The Novel expanded from 5 thousands years ago to update area land ascape culture and traditions of the saraiki tribe throughout its start to its greatness of this age .the story start from kiship to muzzafar khan n from muzzafar khan shaheed to the start of freedom from British ruling power in 1947.we see every coulour of the life of saraiki peoples...Novel is published from (jhoke) saraiki Multan under the supervision of Zahoor Dhareja, Legend of Saraiki prose Shoukat Mughal and Basit Bhati...
Ashraf Javed Malik proved that his saraiki style n diction of saraiki language is pure as like as the saraiki culture n land...

</doc>
<doc id="2868797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868797" title="Legal executive">
Legal executive

Legal executives are a form of trained and qualified legal professional in certain jurisdictions. They often specialise in a particular area of law. The training that a Legal Executive undertakes usually includes both vocational training (a minimum of 3 years for those in England and Wales) and academic qualifications.
Legal executives are associated with different membership bodies and different rights according to geographical regions. Legal executives are recognised in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong and The Bahamas. There is no direct equivalent to a legal executive in Scotland. In England and Wales they hold Chartered status and are members of the Chartered Institute of Legal Executives (CILEx).
England and Wales.
Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales occupy a similar role to Solicitors. Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners in law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates. As qualified lawyers they are subject to stringent regulation and a code of ethics as with other types of lawyers.
Chartered Legal Executives (aka Fellows of CILEx) are eligible to apply to become District Judges and for certain other judicial offices after being qualified for five years. Chartered Legal Executive lawyers and other appropriately qualified CILEx members attend to a wide range of legal work, generally specialising in one or more of the following:
Those still training to become Chartered Legal Executives, however, often occupy paralegal roles to satisfy the 3 year vocational stage of qualifying as this type of lawyer.
History.
The modern chartered legal executive evolved from the 19th-century managing clerk. When solicitor firms started to grow in the 19th century, they increasingly relied on an ever-expanding number of law clerks for drafting and organizing documents. Some of these clerks in turn became knowledgeable about the law and were allowed to manage their fellow clerks; hence, they were called managing clerks.
In the 1950s and 1960s England suffered a shortage of solicitors when population growth unexpectedly exceeded the number of entrants into the profession. To improve the availability of legal services, the Law Society began aggressive recruitment efforts to convince young people to choose law as a career. As part of this effort, the Law Society decided to turn the managing clerk into a true legal profession of its own and sponsored the ILEX's creation in 1963 as well as the change in title to legal executive. In the Law Society's own words, ILEX was intended "to stimulate recruitment to the unadmitted ranks of the professional status [...] and would offer [...] a career with proper incentives."
The Institute of Legal Executives was granted a royal charter to chartered professional body status in October 2011 and on 30 January 2012, officially received its charter, from the Minster of Justice, Jonathan Djanogly and was officially launched as the 'Chartered Institute of Legal Executives'.
CILEx.
The Chartered Institute of Legal Executives (CILEx) was founded in 1892 as the Solicitors Managing Clerks' Association and became the Institute of Legal Executives, a company limited by guarantee, in 1963 with the support of the Law Society of England and Wales. In England and Wales the Institute of Legal Executives received a Royal Charter in early 2012 to become the Chartered Institute of Legal Executives (CILEx). Fully qualified members of CILEx in England and Wales are now therefore referred to as "Chartered Legal Executives".
CILEx is a professional body which represents Chartered legal executive lawyers and other legal practitioners and law staff. It has around 20,000 members. All members of CILEx are independently regulated by ILEX Profssional Standards (IPS), regardless of grade.
To qualify as a Chartered Legal Executive, aspiring Chartered Legal Executives undertake a series of training courses and are required to pass qualifications relevant to the area of practice in which they intend to specialise. The first stage for the full vocational route to qualifying is called the CILEx Level 3 Professional Diploma in Law and Practice Trainees will often work at the same time as studying in order to acquire practical skills. The courses can be undertaken at a college, university or through an open learning programme. The courses are open to graduates and non-graduates.
A trainee must also gain 3 years' vocational experience before being admitted as a Fellow.
Membership Grades.
Fellows.
A CILEx fellow is a qualified lawyer. Only Fellows of CILEx (FCILEx) can lawfully hold themselves out as Chartered Legal Executives and are qualified by law (by way of CILEx) to be commissioners of oaths able to take depositions and affidavits. Fellows also can bring action in court and appear for clients in certain courts. Appearance in higher courts requires a separate CILEx qualification to become a Chartered Legal Executive Advocate. Fellows (that is, Chartered Legal Executives) are also eligible to apply and compete with barristers and solicitors for appointment to certain judicial offices, such as the position of deputy or district judge.
Membership levels.
In September 2009, the CILEx training in England and Wales changed. The CILEx qualification now emphasises and examines the practical work of the law as well as continuing with the necessary academic examinations. At the same time, a number of new membership grades were introduced by CILEx. CILEx now offers the following membership categories which can be joined according to experience and qualifications held:
Students already holding a Legal Practice Course (LPC) or Bar Professional Training Course (BPTC) qualifications are exempt from the CILEx academic qualifications and can immediately apply to become a graduate member. Graduate members must then work under the supervision of a qualified legal executive or a solicitor at a firm, either in-house at a private company or in government (provided their work is substantially of a legal rather than administrative nature). To apply to become a Fellow of the Chartered Institute they must have a minimum of three years' practical legal experience.
Once a student has successfully completed a period of qualifying employment, he or she will become a Fellow of CILEx, a qualified lawyer and will be allowed to hold themselves out as a Chartered Legal Executive and use the designatory letters FCILEx. Fellows (and other member grades) are required to maintain and improve their knowledge by undertaking CPD each year. A proportion of those hours must relate to their area of specialism. Fellows are issued an annual practising certificate. Only qualified and practicing Fellows of the Chartered Institute of Legal Executives may use the designatory title 'Chartered Legal Executives' which is a protected designation for practicing Fellows under its Royal Charter.
A CILEx Fellow who wishes to go on to qualify as a solicitor is usually allowed to forego the training contract aspect. For this exemption to apply, they must have attained fellowship level by the time they complete the vocational stage of solicitor training, i.e. the LPC. It goes without saying they must also have completed the academic stage; however, having come through the CILEx route to qualification, this usually means taking a few extra modules of the CILEx level-6 qualification.
Australia.
The Institute of Legal Executives (Victoria) was set up in 1966 and represents legal executives in the state of Victoria, it works with the Institute of Legal Executives (Australia) which was formed in 1994 and represents legal executives in the rest of Australia. Both Legal Executives organisations in Australia work to formalise legal training and promote education for the position of Legal Executive. They award Diplomas, Certificates in Professional Legal studies, as well as prizes and bursaries for students.
In South Australia the law society provides an equivalent association for paralegals.
Hong Kong.
The Law Society of Hong Kong recently consulted with ILEX over benchmark standards for those using the title 'legal executive' in Hong Kong. A course called the Professional Diploma in Legal Executive Studies was created by in partnership with Chinese University to meet the benchmarks.
Republic of Ireland.
The Irish Institute of Legal Executives IILEX is the professional body representing legal executives in Ireland and with the stated aim to provide a system of training and examination and to obtain a recognised professional qualification for those engaged in legal work in Ireland.
New Zealand.
The New Zealand Institute of Legal Executives is an incorporated society which advances and protects the status and interests of legal executives. At present it has approximately 650 members.
The Bahamas.
In The Bahamas, Legal Executives, like other members of the legal profession, are governed by and regulated in accordance with the provisions of the Legal Profession Act. The Legal Profession Act tasks the Registrar of the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of The Bahamas with keeping a register which is known simply as the Register of Legal Executives.
Whereas Legal Executives practising in England and Wales now enjoy certain rights of audience, in The Bahamas, Legal Executives may only appear before a particular tribunal or authority after the attorney-general has had consultations with the Bar Council of the Bahamas Bar Association.
In The Bahamas, under the Legal Profession Act, it is unlawful for a person to hold himself or herself out as a Legal Executive if their name does not appear on the Register of Legal Executives. Any person who is found to be guilty of pretending to be a Legal Executive can be liable upon conviction to a fine of B$5,000.00, or imprisonment for a period of three years, or both.

</doc>
<doc id="2868800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868800" title="Targionia (plant)">
Targionia (plant)

Targionia is a genus of liverworts in the order Marchantiales. It is a member of family Targioniaceae within that order. This genus has worldwide distribution in areas with a Mediterranean climate. That is, in regions with hot dry summers and cool wet winters.

</doc>
<doc id="2868802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868802" title="Piano Sonata No. 15 (Beethoven)">
Piano Sonata No. 15 (Beethoven)

Piano Sonata No. 15 in D major, Op. 28, is a piano sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven. It was named Pastoral or Pastorale by Beethoven's publisher at the time, A. Cranz. While not as famous as its immediate predecessor, Piano Sonata No. 14, it is generally admired for its intricate technicality as well as for its beauty. The sonata takes roughly twenty-five minutes to play with its intended repeats.
Published in 1801, the work is dedicated to the Count Joseph von Sonnenfels. 
Structure.
The sonata is in D major, and follows the typical four-movement form of the classical sonata.
The first movement, "Allegro", begins in the tonic major with a repetitive and monotone bass line sometimes described as "timpanic." This droning theme continues in various forms throughout the sonata. On top is the simple primary theme of the movement. It is very simple and quiet, yet cunning. Eventually, the work introduces a second, more tense melody in F-sharp minor, which builds up into a passage of constant quavers, on which is laid a rather simple, yet elegant melody. The development of the movement runs through various minor keys, ever becoming more dramatic and angst-filled as it compresses the main theme into a repeated one-bar rhythm, which gradually fades away. It then recapitulates back into the sweet and easy-going themes of the beginning.
The "Andante" movement is more forlorn and subdued. It is in D minor. The primary feature is the staccato semiquaver bass, giving the sense of a march. There is a slight diversion in the tonic major involving dialogue between a dotted, staccato rhythm and a gentle, rather playful set of semiquaver triplets. It then returns to the sombre tune with graceful harmonisation and variations of the primary melody. There is a sense of quiet solitude to it, but it is never menacing or overemotional. 
The "Scherzo" is rather playful, and certainly humorous. The tune is joyous and cheerful yet straightforward. Its most important feature is the contrast between four long notes, each an octave apart, and a fast quaver melody. The frenetic trio, in B minor, repeats a simple four-bar melody eight times over, with a relentless broken octave/chord bass figuration adding harmonic, rhythmic, and dynamic intensity as the repeats progress. It provides a diversion to the blithe scherzo, contrasting sharply in tone and adding gravity to the prevailing humor. The movement as a whole provides an interesting comparison with the interlude of the second.
The final movement is a lilting "rondo", and is probably the movement which comes closest to the sense of the word 'pastoral'. It sways and moves. Interestingly, out of not only his piano sonatas but all of his published works up to this point, this is the first time that Beethoven decides to write "ma non troppo", therefore this instruction clearly means a lot to him. Some critics attribute the repeating bass line to a bagpipe, others to a dancing gigue. Beethoven employs various amusing, interesting and very adventurous episodes, all with different moods, rhythms, and harmonic texture. The finale, played a little faster than the allegro ("Più allegro"), can be termed as the only 'virtuoso' passage in the whole sonata. This exciting, brilliant ending rounds off what is generally a calm sonata.
Shortly after Beethoven wrote this piece, he pledged to take on a new path and direction.
"Pastoral".
It has been debated whether the title 'pastoral' refers to the sense of countryside and nature (the 6th symphony pastoral sense), or to its sense of calm, simplicity and lightness. Beethoven's publishers had a tendency to name his sonatas without consulting Beethoven himself. Beethoven wrote most of his works with greatly contrasting parts, and behaves no differently in this sonata. Though its first and last movements can well be described as "pastorale," the inner two movements do not partake of those qualities at all.

</doc>
<doc id="2868828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868828" title="Republican Party of Virginia">
Republican Party of Virginia

The Republican Party of Virginia (RPV) is the Virginia chapter of the Republican Party. It is based in the Richard D. Obenshain Center in Richmond in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Organization and candidate selection.
The State Party Plan
specifies the organization of the state party and how candidates will be selected. The 79-member State Central Committee sets the policy and plans for the party between larger State Conventions, which gather at least once every four years.
Candidates for elective office can be selected by (1) mass meetings, (2) party canvasses, (3) conventions, or (4) primaries. A mass meeting consists of a meeting where any participants must remain until votes are taken at the end. A party canvass or "firehouse primary" allows participants to arrive anytime during announced polling hours, cast a secret ballot, and then leave. A convention includes a process for selecting delegates, and then only the delegates may vote. Mass meetings, party canvasses and conventions are conducted by party officials and volunteers. Primaries are administered by the State Board of Elections at all established polling places. Because Virginia does not have party registrations, participation in primaries are open to any register voter regardless of party. However, on June 15, 2006, the Plan was amended to redefine a primary:
"Primary" is as defined in and subject to the Election Laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, except to the extent that any provisions of such laws conflict with this Plan, infringe the right to freedom of association, or are otherwise invalid.
At the same time, the Plan was amended to require participants in any of the candidate selection methods to "express in open meeting either orally or in writing as may be required their intent to support all nominees for public office in the ensuing election".
The candidate selection process has been criticized as favoring "party insiders" and disfavoring moderate candidates. For example, both Jim Gilmore and the more moderate Thomas M. Davis were seeking the 2008 Republican candidate for U.S. Senate. However, two weeks following the decision that the candidate will be selected at a convention instead of a primary,
Davis announced that he would not seek the nomination.
Open primary litigation.
Virginia does not provide for voters to register by party. Virginia law requires "open" primaries that are not restricted based on party registration:
All persons qualified to vote... may vote at the primary. No person shall vote for the candidates of more than one party.
In 2004, the Republican Party amended the State Party Plan to attempt to restrict participation in primaries to exclude voters who had voted in a Democratic primary after March 1, 2004, or in the last five
years, whichever is more recent. In August 2004, Stephen Martin, an incumbent State Senator, designated that the Republican candidate for his seat in the November 2007 election should be selected by primary. The Republicans then sued the State Board of Elections demanding a closed primary be held, with taxpayer funding of a mechanism to exclude voters who had participated in past Democratic primaries.
The Federal District Court dismissed the suit on standing and ripeness grounds. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit reversed and sent the case back for a trial on its merits. The District Court then ruled that the rule forcing a party to accept the choice of its incumbent office holder of an open primary was unconstitutional. The state could continue to hold open primaries if a party opted for a primary instead of a mass meeting, party canvass, or convention to choose its nominees.
On October 1, 2007, the Fourth Circuit affirmed this holding, which largely left Virginia's primary system intact, striking down only the rule allowing an incumbent officeholder to choose an open primary over the objection of his or her party.
The Republican State Central Committee dropped plans to require voters to sign a loyalty oath before voting in the February 2008 Presidential Primary. The party had proposed to require each voter to sign a pledge stating "I, the undersigned, pledge that I intend to support the nominee of the Republican Party for President." However, there was no way to enforce the pledge, and the proposal caused vocal public opposition.
Richard D. Obenshain Center.
The party headquarters building is named the Richard D. Obenshain Center in memory of Richard D. Obenshain (1936–1978), the State Party Chairman who beginning in 1972, helped lead the party's renaissance in Virginia following 95 years of virtual control by the State's Democratic Party (since Reconstruction except when William Mahone and the Readjuster Party coalition dominated affairs for a few years).
In 1978, "Dick" Obenshain had won the party's nomination to run for the U.S. Senate to replace retiring Senator William Scott when the 42-year old candidate and two others were killed in an airplane crash of a twin engine aircraft on August 2, 1978 while attempting a night landing at the Chesterfield County Airport. They had been returning to Richmond from a campaign appearance.
Leadership.
Current leadership.
Pat Mullins is the current Chairman of the RPV. He was appointed interim Chairman in a meeting of the State Central Committee on May 3, 2009, and elected to a full term as chairman at the State Convention on May 30, 2009.
The current executive director is Shaun Kenney, who was appointed by Mullins on April 2, 2014.
Past leadership (2004-2009).
Kate Obenshain Griffin of Winchester became the party's chairman in 2004. Following Senator George Allen's unsuccessful 2006 reelection bid, Griffin submitted her resignation as Chairman effective November 15, 2006. Her brother, Mark Obenshain, is a State Senator from Harrisonburg in the Virginia General Assembly. Both are the children of the late Richard D. Obenshain.
Ed Gillespie was elected as the new Chairman of the RPV on December 2, 2006. He resigned on June 13, 2007 to become the counselor to President George W. Bush. Mike Thomas served as interim chairman until July 21 when former Lieutenant Governor of Virginia John H. Hager was elected chairman. On April 9, 2007 the RPV named Fred Malek to serve as the Finance Chairman and Lisa Gable to serve as the Finance Committee Co-Chair.
On May 31, 2008, Hager was defeated in his bid for re-election at a statewide GOP convention by a strongly conservative member of the House of Delegates, Jeff Frederick of Prince William County. Frederick, who was then 32 years old, was the 5th party chairman in 5 years. The following year, Frederick was removed from the position by RPV's State Central Committee, with the backing of most the senior GOP establishment. Many argued that Frederick's election and later removal was a war within the party between insiders and outsiders (or grassroots versus establishment). After his removal, Frederick considered seeking the chairman job again at the party's 2009 convention, but later declined. On May 30, 2009, the State Convention selected former Fairfax party chairman and current Louisa chairman Pat Mullins to serve as party chair over Bill Stanley, the Frankin County party chairman. Many of Frederick's supporters supported Stanley in that race. Frederick went on to win the Republican nomination for the 36th District state Senate seat in the 2011 election in the primary on August 23, 2011.
Recent elections.
2008 elections.
Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama won Virginia's 13 electoral votes in the 2008 presidential election, taking 1.96 million votes (52.6%) to Republican nominee John McCain's 1.73 million votes (46.3%). Democrat Mark Warner soundly defeated Republican Jim Gilmore in Virginia's U.S. Senate race by a margin of 65%-34%. In the House elections, two Republican incumbents, Virgil Goode and Thelma Drake, were unseated, with Goode losing to Democrat Tom Perriello by just 727 votes. Democrat Gerry Connolly took the open seat held by the retiring Republican Tom Davis. As a result of the 2008 elections, Democrats took control of both the state's U.S. Senate seats and the state's House delegation.
2009 elections.
Special elections.
The Republican Party sought to reverse its November 2008 losses in a series of special elections which historically draw low voter turnout. In the January 13 special election to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Delegate Brian Moran to run for Governor, Democrat Charniele Herring became the first African-American woman from Northern Virginia to be elected to the House of Delegates, defeating Republican candidate Joe Murray by 16 votes. She was seated on Jan. 26, following repeated efforts by the Republican caucus to delay her seating until a recount could be completed.
Because Gerry Connolly was elected to Congress from the 11th District, a special election was held on February 3 to fill his seat as Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. In that election, about 16% of the registered voters participated, and Democrat Sharon Bulova defeated Republican Pat Herrity by 1,206 votes. Anthony Bedell, chairman of the Fairfax County Republican Party told the "Washington Post", "In November, we got our clocks cleaned. Three months later, even in a special this was a squeaker. That's good news for Republicans."
Another special election was held to fill Bulova's Braddock District board seat on March 10. Republican John Cook won the seat by 89 votes.
Statewide elections.
Virginia and New Jersey were the only states to hold statewide elections in 2009. The Republicans selected their candidates at a State Convention held on May 29–30, 2009 in Richmond. Former Attorney General of Virginia Bob McDonnell was nominated for Governor. "His candidacy is part of a Republican renaissance that starts this year in Virginia," said Michael Steele chair of the Republican National Committee. Incumbent Lieutenant Governor Bill Bolling, who declined to run for governor to avoid a primary fight with McDonnell, defeated Patrick Muldoon for the Lieutenant Governor nomination. State Senator Ken Cuccinelli, who the "Washington Post" described as "one of the most conservative members of the General Assembly," defeated John Brownlee and David M. Foster for the Attorney General nomination.
All three candidates won handily in the November elections, in a victory for Republicans that was seen as a rebuke of the Democratic Party's policies in the White House and Congress.
House of Delegates elections.
All 100 House seats were up for election in 2009. Republicans took nine seats held by Democrats while just one Democrat took a seat held by a Republican, for a net gain of eight seats and a 59-seat majority.
2010 elections.
Special elections.
On January 12, 2010, in a special election for the 37th State Senate district, Democrat Dave W. Marsden beat Republican Steve M. Hunt by a 327 vote margin. In the 8th State Senate district, Republican Jeff L. McWaters beat Democrat William W. "Bill" Fleming by a vote of 78-21%. On March 2, 2010, Democrat Eileen Filler-Corn was elected to fill Marsden's Delegate seat by 37 votes, out of 11,528 cast. Because the vote margin was within 0.5%, the state will pay for a recount. She was sworn in on March 3, 2010 after her opponent dropped his plans to request a recount.
Congressional elections.
All of the state's 11 U.S. House seats were up for election in 2010 (neither U.S. Senate seat was up for election). Republicans picked up three seats held by Democrats. Auto dealer Scott Rigell defeated freshman Democratic incumbent Glenn Nye 53%-42% in the 2nd District. Attorney Robert Hurt defeated freshman Democratic incumbent Tom Perriello 51%-47% in the 5th District. And House of Delegates Majority Leader Morgan Griffith defeated 28-year Democratic incumbent Rick Boucher 51%-46% in the 9th District. With the election, Republicans now hold 8 of Virginia's 11 House seats.
After Republicans took control of the U.S. House in the elections, Virginia Republican Eric Cantor of the 7th District was elected House Majority Leader.
2011 elections.
On November 8, 2011, Republicans got control of the State Senate with Lt. Gov. Bill Bolling as the tie breaking vote and increased their majority in the State House to a 68 seat vote margin making it the GOP's largest majority in history. And with that, captured their second government trifecta since the Reconstruction Era.
Current elected officials.
The Virginia Republican Party holds a majority in the Virginia House of Delegates. While Republicans control neither U.S. Senate seat or any of the three statewide offices, they hold 8 of the state's 11 U.S. House seats.

</doc>
<doc id="2868839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868839" title="Naseeruddin Shah">
Naseeruddin Shah

Naseeruddin Shah (born 20 July 1950) is an Indian film actor and director. He is widely considered to be one of the finest Indian stage and film actors. He is an influential actor of the Indian Parallel (New Wave) Cinema. Shah has won numerous awards in his career, including three National Film Awards, three Filmfare Awards and one Venice Film Festival. The Government of India has honoured him with both the Padma Shri and the Padma Bhushan civilian awards for his contributions to Indian cinema.
In 2013, his second Pakistani film "Zinda Bhaag" was selected as an official entry from Pakistan to the 86th Academy Awards in the category of Best Foreign Language Film. It also won four international awards at the MISAFF (http://www.misaff.com) the premiere South Asian film festival of Canada before release. His contribution of works made him one of the greatest actor of Indian Cinema particularly known as Bollywood.
Early life.
Shah was born into a Muslim family in Barabanki, Uttar Pradesh, India, where his father was an Army officer. Shah's family hails from Sardhana in District Meerut (Uttar Pradesh). Naseeruddin Shah did his schooling at St. Anselm's Ajmer and St Joseph's College, Nainital. He graduated in arts from Aligarh Muslim University in 1971 and attended National School of Drama in Delhi.
He has been successful in mainstream Bollywood cinema as well as in Parallel Cinema. He has appeared in international films, notably playing Captain Nemo in the Hollywood adaptation "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen".
His elder brother, Lt. General Zameerud-din Shah PVSM, SM, VSM, was recently appointed as the Vice-Chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University.
His nephew (cousin's son) Salim Shah is also a TV and film actor.
Career.
Shah has acted in movies such as "Nishant, Aakrosh, Sparsh, Mirch Masala, Albert Pinto Ko Gussa Kyon Ata Hai, Trikal, Bhavni Bhavai, Junoon, Mandi, Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho!, Ardh Satya, Katha, Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro", etc. In the very early stages of his career he acted in the film "Dil Aakhir Dil Hai" directed by noted director Ismail Shroff, with Rakhi where she played the character of Naseer's elder girlfriend Kusumji whom he was forced to marry unwillingly because he is quite younger than her (in the film). One of his most important films, "Masoom" (1983) was shot at St Joseph's College, Nainital.
He became active in mainstream Bollywood cinema with the 1980 film "Hum Paanch". His next major success in mainstream films was the 1986 multi-starrer film "Karma" where he acted alongside veteran Dilip Kumar. Starring roles for films such as "Ijaazat" (1987), "Jalwa" (1988) and "Hero Hiralal" (1988) followed. In 1988 he played opposite his wife Ratna Pathak as Inspector Ghote, the fictional detective of H. R. F. Keating's novels in the Merchant-Ivory English language film "The Perfect Murder".
He has acted in several multi-starrer Bollywood films as well, such as "Ghulami" (1985), "Tridev" (1989) and "Vishwatma" (1992). In 1994, he acted as the villain in "Mohra", his 100th film as an actor. He forayed into Malayalam cinema the same year, through T. V. Chandran's critically well acclaimed drama "Ponthan Mada". The film portrayed the irrational bonding of a feudal serf (played by Mammootty) and a colonial landlord (played by Shah). He strongly believed that the distinction between art and commercial films had largely reduced, especially with the directors of the former also making commercial films. In 2000 his dream of playing Mahatma Gandhi was realised when he played Gandhi in Kamal Hassan's critically acclaimed "Hey Ram" which focused on the assassination of Gandhi from the assailant's point of view. He won a lot of critical acclaim by playing the role of Mohit, the drunken coach to a deaf and mute boy in "Iqbal", which was written by Vipul K Rawal with Shah specially in mind.
Shah acted superbly as Gulfam Hassan – a Ghazal singer cum terrorist mastermind, in the 1999 Aamir Khan starrer "Sarfarosh". He also worked brilliantly in "Neeraj Pandey"'s critically acclaimed "A Wednesday" (2008).
Later, he starred in international projects such as "Monsoon Wedding" in 2001 and a Hollywood comic book adaptation "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" in 2003 (co-starring Sean Connery) where he played the role of Captain Nemo. His portrayal of Nemo was very close to the design of the graphic novel, although his Nemo was far less manic. He worked in an Indian adaptation of Shakespeare's "Macbeth", titled "Maqbool" and Rajiv Rai's "Asambhav" opposite Arjun Rampal and Priyanka Chopra in 2004. He then went on to work in "The Great New Wonderful" (2005). He was most recently seen in "The Dirty Picture" (2011). Shah's upcoming films include "The Hunt" where he plays a recluse growing marijuana in his forest retreat.
He made his Pakistani film debut in "Khuda Ke Liye" by Shoaib Mansoor where he played a short cameo.
Other media and art forms.
In 1977, he, Tom Alter and Benjamin Gilani formed a theatre group called Motley Productions. Their first play was Samuel Beckett's "Waiting for Godot", which was staged at the Prithvi Theatre on 29 July 1979.
In 1988, he acted in the eponymous television series based on the life and times of Mirza Ghalib, directed by Gulzar and telecast on DD National.
In 1989, he acted as the Maratha King Shivaji in another eponymous television series "Bharat Ek Khoj" based on Jawaharlal Nehru's book "The Discovery of India".
In 1999, he acted as a special agent in the TV series "Tarkash" on Zee TV. He played the role of a retired agent haunted by nightmares who is re-inducted as he apparently knows something about a dreaded terrorist somehow connected with his past.
In 1998, he played the role of Mahatma Gandhi in the play "Mahatma Vs. Gandhi," (which looked at the Mahatma's relation with Harilal Gandhi, his first son). With this, he achieved his objective of portraying Mahatma Gandhi, a role he had auditioned for in Richard Attenborough's Gandhi. In 2000, he again portrayed the Mahatma, this time on film, in "Hey Ram".
He played the villain with the dual identity of a ghazal singer and a Pakistani spy who supports terrorism in India in "Sarfarosh" (1999).
He played the role of Mohit, a drunken coach, in the critically acclaimed "Iqbal". The role was specially written keeping him in mind by Vipul K Rawal, the writer of the film. It was recently voted as one of ten Hindi films that is considered ideal training and motivational material.
He was the first of several celebrity actors, who played the role of narrator in the popular audiobook series for kids "Karadi Tales". He was the narrator in the film "Paheli" — the Indian entry to the 2006 Academy Awards.
He has been awarded the life membership of International Film And Television Club of Asian Academy of Film & Television.
As a director.
Naseeruddin Shah has been giving performances with his theatre troupe at places such as New Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Lahore. He has directed plays written by Lavender Kumar, Ismat Chughtai and Saadat Hasan Manto.
His directorial debut in movies, "Yun Hota To Kya Hota", was released in 2006. It stars several established actors such as Konkona Sen Sharma, Paresh Rawal, Irfan Khan, newcomer Ayesha Takia, his son Imaad Shah and his old friend Ravi Baswani.
Personal life.
He first married Manara Sikri, Surekha Sikri’s step-sister. He has a daughter named Heeba Shah from this marriage. He married actress Ratna Pathak Shah in 1982 after the death of his first wife. He has two sons from his second marriage, actors Imaad and Vivaan. He co-starred with Ratna in films like "Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na", "Mirch Masala" and "The Perfect Murder".

</doc>
<doc id="2868847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868847" title="Yasuhiro Takemoto">
Yasuhiro Takemoto


</doc>
<doc id="2868852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868852" title="Eberhard Werdin">
Eberhard Werdin

Eberhard Werdin (October 19, 1911 in Spenge – May 25, 1991 in Weilheim in Oberbayern) was a German composer and writer on music.
He studied in Hanover, Bielefeld and Cologne, and then became a schoolteacher. From 1955 to 1969 he was a lecturer at the conservatory in Düsseldorf, and in 1952 he became a professor at the Municipal Music School in Leverkusen.
Werdin wrote music for the stage, works for school orchestras as well as professional orchestras, choral music and chamber music, including a large number of works for brass instruments. He also wrote on aspects of musical education.
Composizioni:
Concertino Fur Flote, Gitarre und Streichorchester (1969)

</doc>
<doc id="2868859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868859" title="Centre for International Intellectual Property Studies">
Centre for International Intellectual Property Studies

The Centre for International Intellectual Property Studies, or "Centre d'Etudes Internationales de la Propriété Intellectuelle" (CEIPI) in French (formerly the "Centre for International Industrial Property Studies", or ""Centre d'Etudes Internationales de la Propriété Industrielle"" in French), is a Strasbourg, France-based training centre for specialists in intellectual property law. It was founded in 1963, as part of the University of Strasbourg by Professors Daniel Bastian (law) and Hubert Forestier (chemistry). 
The Centre is organized in three sections: the "French section", the "international section", and the "research section". The CEIPI is member of the European Intellectual Property Institutes Network (EIPIN). The former General Director of the CEIPI, Professor Yves Reboul, left office on August 31, 2008 after serving two consecutive five-year terms. He was replaced on September 1, 2008 by Christophe Geiger. 

</doc>
<doc id="2868862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868862" title="Peterborough Phantoms">
Peterborough Phantoms

The Peterborough Phantoms are a British ice hockey team.
The Peterborough Phantoms ice hockey club was founded in 2002. It replaced the former city based team, the Peterborough Pirates, and plays in the same Ice Arena. The team currently competes in the semi-professional English Premier Ice Hockey League (EPIHL) which is the second tier in British ice hockey (below the fully professional Elite league EIHL).
The team won the English Premier League and Cup Double in its first season (2002–03) and retained the Cup the following year. After a gap of four years further silverware arrived with the winning of the 2007–08 Knock-out Cup. This heralded the very successful 2008–09 campaign in which the Phantoms, coached by Canadian Colin Patterson, won the 'Treble' of English Premier League, English Premier Cup and (for the first time in their history) the Play-offs.
The club are associated with the Peterborough Sports Aid Charity and hold charity fund-raising matches on their behalf.
2013–14 Team Roster.
Netminders
Defenders
Forwards

</doc>
<doc id="2868872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868872" title="476 Hedwig">
476 Hedwig

476 Hedwig (1901 GQ) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on August 17, 1901, by Luigi Carnera at Heidelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="2868875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868875" title="477 Italia">
477 Italia

477 Italia (1901 GR) is a main-belt asteroid that was discovered on August 23, 1901 by Italian astronomer Luigi Carnera at Heidelberg.
Photometric observations of this asteroid collected in 2005 gave a provisional rotation period of 19.4189 hours and a brightness variation of about 0.2 in magnitude.

</doc>
<doc id="2868879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868879" title="Johannes van Keulen">
Johannes van Keulen

Johannes van Keulen (1654, Deventer - 1715, Amsterdam) was a 17th-century Dutch cartographer. He published the influential nautical atlas the "Zee-Atlas" and the pilot guide "Zee-Fakkel" (meaning Sea-Torch in English).
In 1678/79 Johannes van Keulen established himself in Amsterdam and in 1680 he obtained a patent from the States of Holland and West Friesland allowing him to print and publish maritime atlases and shipping guides. These were books of maps and descriptions of itineraries, used by helmsmen for safe navigation. The patent was a kind of protection against illegal copying of produced books and charts. This was especially important for the atlases which were made with extensive initial costs. Van Keulen named his firm ‘In de Gekroonde Lootsman’ ('In the Crowned Pilot'). Soon Van Keulen struck a deal with cartographer Claes Jansz. Vooght.
From 1681 onwards the "Nieuwe Lichtende Zee-Fakkel" appeared, a five-volume atlas for which Vooght compiled the maps and which was illustrated by Jan Luyken. The five volume "Zee-Fakkel" made Johannes van Keulen famous. The "Zee-Fakkel" was published in 5 volumes between 1681 and 1684 containing over 130 new charts.
Descendents.
His son, Gerard van Keulen (1678–1726), continued his work and produced new editions of the various volumes. Grandson Johannes II van Keulen (1704–1755) published a new edition of the volume with maps of Asian waters, first published in 1755. Great-grandson Gerard Hulst van Keulen (1733–1801) occupied himself with the last editions of the "Zee-Fakkel".

</doc>
<doc id="2868883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868883" title="Headwall">
Headwall

In physical geography and geology the headwall of a glacial cirque is its highest cliff.<br>
In civil engineering, a headwall is a small retaining wall placed at the outlet of a stormwater pipe or culvert.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2868884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868884" title="The Saracen">
The Saracen

The Saracen is a two-part novel written by Robert Shea. The two separate portions, "The Land of the Infidel" and "The Holy War" are a continuous tale.
Basically ignored during its publication - and out of print today, although still enjoying strong reviews and a cult following by those who have read it - the novel is the portrayal of an English-born man named David, who is captured as a very young child and sold into slavery to Baibars, a Mamluk officer. He becomes a devout believer in Islam and takes the Arabic form of his name and the surname of a convert, Daoud ibn Abdullah. He develops into a gifted warrior and assassin. He is sent to the Papal Court in Orvieto in the 13th century as a spy, in order to foil an alliance between the Christian West and the Mongolian descendants of Genghis Khan to exterminate the Muslim faith and capture the Holy Land.
Daoud was also trained by the Hashishyya, a heretical Islamic order. One of the many spellings of their name, Hashshashin, is where we derive the modern word "assassin". Shea spends considerable time discussing their techniques and philosophy, and it is a major theme of the book.
Many of the characters in the novel, such as Thomas Aquinas, Baibars, King Manfred of Sicily, Louis IX and Charles of Anjou are historical figures, woven into the fictional canvas Shea invented. Some historians believe that an alliance was attempted by the Papal Court (with Louis IX's backing) with the Mongols against the Muslim world, which ultimately failed. Shea has created a fictional scenario to explain this failure, and his firmly historical figures (such as Aquinas) are set side-by-side with wholly fictional characters and semi-legendary figures such as the Italian poet Sordello, who appears in Dante's "Purgatorio" and whom Shea has also taken considerable poetic license with.
Other major fictional characters include Sophia, a Byzantine woman who is a member of Manfred's court (and Manfred's former concubine) who accompanies Daoud on his mission, and Simon de Gobingnon, a French knight assigned to protect the Mongol ambassadors. He is Daoud's chief nemesis and the son of the major characters in Shea's "All Things Are Lights". While Daoud is unquestionably the hero of the novel, those who have read "All Things Are Lights" and are familiar with Simon's background will find themselves often sympathizing with the young Simon's attempts to live up to his birthright.
Ostensibly an adventure tale, the novel is also a thinly veiled look into secret societies such as the Hashishin and the Templar Knights. These are subjects which Shea has tackled in many books, most famously his "Illuminatus! Trilogy", co-written with Robert Anton Wilson. While many of Shea's books after "Illuminatus!", such as "Shike" and "All Things Are Lights", deal with the secret societies he clearly had interest in, few of his other books interweave his scholarly investigations of these societies into as compelling a story.

</doc>
<doc id="2868885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868885" title="Mahatma Gandhi Foundation">
Mahatma Gandhi Foundation

Mahatma Gandhi Foundation1 is located in Mumbai, Republic of India and is headed by Tushar Gandhi, the great-grandson of ‘Bapu’ Mohandas Gandhi and the son of nonviolent activist and organizer Arun Gandhi. The organization under the leadership of Tushar, a socio-political activist of peace issues, is involved in advocating and spreading Gandhian values and principles to address the problems and dilemmas faced by humankind and the contemporary world.
In 2006, Tushar Gandhi was appointed as a Goodwill Ambassador of CISRI-ISP Intergovernmental Institution for the use of Micro-algae Spirulina Against Malnutrition.
The Gandhi Foundation is a foundation which is dedicated entirely to Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his works to free India from British rule. It has an office in Kingsley Hall Community Centre in east London where Gandhi stayed in 1931.
This organization was founded in 1983 by Surur Hoda. The current president of the Gandhi Foundation is Lord Attenborough.
External links.
"Organizations with similar names:"

</doc>
<doc id="2868886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868886" title="The Society of London Theatre">
The Society of London Theatre

The Society of London Theatre (previously The Society of West End Theatre) is an umbrella organisation for West End theatre in London.
TKTS, Half-Price Theatre Ticket Booth.
The Society operates tkts, the only official half-price London theatre ticket booth in Leicester Square and can now also be found at Brent Cross Shopping Centre. Half Price and discounted tickets for a number of shows can be bought on the day of the performance, as well as up to 7 days in advance. Tickets can only be purchased by personal callers — there is no telephone number. There is a service charge of £3.00 per ticket. Tkts Leicester Square is located in the clocktower building at the centre of the Square. It is open Monday to Saturday: 10:00-19:00 and Sundays: 11:00-16:00.
tkts at Brent Cross Shopping Centre can be found on the Upper Mall next to M&S and is open Monday to Friday: 10:00-13:30 and 14:00-16:30, Saturdays: 10:00-19:00 and Sunday: 12 noon-13:30 and 14:00-16:30.
Laurence Olivier Awards.
The society organises the annual Laurence Olivier Awards. Up until, and including, 1983, the awards were popularly known as the SWET Awards.
Laurence Olivier Bursary.
The Laurence Olivier Bursary was established by the Society in 1987, in honour of the actor's 80th birthday, to support talented students starting their final year of drama school. Such students often face financial difficulties because intense contact hours mean there is little time for students to do paid work. The Society invites about 20 drama schools to each nominate two exceptionally talented students for financial support. A judging panel then choses the winning candidate. In addition to the main Olivier Bursary, other smaller prizes are awarded in the form of the Mary Selway Bursary, Carmen Silvera Bursary and Behrens Foundation Bursary. The annual awards total about £60,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2868891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868891" title="Vidar Kleppe">
Vidar Kleppe

Vidar Sveinung Kleppe (born 16 September 1963) is a Norwegian politician. He was a Member of Parliament and deputy leader of the Progress Party until he was suspended and left the party in 2001. He has since 2002 been leader of the Democrats party, and has since 2003 held office as a member of the Vest-Agder county council and the Kristiansand municipal council.
Early and personal life.
Kleppe was born in Bergen, Norway to CEO Erling Kleppe (1941–1989) and his wife Harriet Uthaug (born 1944), and was raised in Fedje. He received education at a mechanical school from 1980 to 1981, and after this went to sea for a year. When he came back he worked as an industrial labourer in Kristiansand for four years, until 1987 when he was a businessman for two years. As of July 2007 he is married and have three children, and is occupied as a seller. For his wedding, Jan Simonsen was his best man.
Political career.
Progress Party, 1980s–2001.
Kleppe was a prominent politician for the Progress Party during the 1990s, and was a member of their national board from 1989 to 1999. He was a Member of Parliament for two periods, from 1989 to 1993 and from 1997 to 2001. From 1995 to 1999 he was the second deputy leader of the party. He also held the office as a member of the Kristiansand municipal council from 1987 to 1999. During electoral campaigns in 1999, Kleppe, together with his close party colleague Øystein Hedstrøm, notably ran numerous campaigns together, popularly known as the "Hedstrøm & Kleppe Show", where they discussed issues regarding immigration and integration.
In early 2001 turmoil however erupted within the Progress Party, and Kleppe was suspended and soon left the party, in spite of strong opposition to the suspension in many local chapters of the party. Kleppe was seen by party chairman Carl I. Hagen as a "leader" of a rebellious faction of the party, as well as being controversial, because of his positions on immigration as well as other issues where he contradicted the official party policy. He was also accused of not being a "constructive team player." His earlier history was toppled when Kleppe attacked then deputy leader Terje Søviknes in the turmoil around the sex scandal he was involved with at the time, insinuating him of fooling around with young girls and possible sexual assaults.
2001 election.
The suspension was restricted to a year only, but Kleppe chose to leave the party and contested the 2001 parliamentary election as a candidate for the Southern Norway List "(Sørlandslista)". His campaign failed and he received only 2.8% of the vote in Vest-Agder, a largely disappointing result as he was regarded as having a strong support there with a poll in March where 17.5% said they would vote for him.
In early 2001 he had also apparently been nominated as the top candidate for the Liberal People's Party in two counties, but conflict erupted over the party's stsatus. The dispute was resolved in June when they announced that they would launch the "Freedom Party" "(Frihetspartiet)", but the plans were never realised. Since this failed, they instead contested the election by a loose collection of county lists.
Democrats, 2002–present.
Kleppe went on to found the Democrats in 2002. He was elected as member of the Vest-Agder county council and Kristiansand municipal council in the 2003 local elections, and was re-elected again in 2007. Before the 2005 parliamentary election a poll showed that close to 10% of those voting for the Progress Party in Hordaland in 2003 would consider voting for Kleppe, but the final outcome became significantly lower.
Political views.
In 2005, the Christian conservative weekly newspaper "Norge IDAG" described him as a "Christian libertarian". When running for the 2007 local elections, Kleppe cited as his most important issues to fight for the weak in society and against poverty, as well as to stop the Islamisation and dechristianisation of Norway. To accomplish the latter, he sought to, among other things, remove all public economical support for Muslim religious societies. During the 1990s, he at various times suggested George H. W. Bush, the Salvation Army and Bill Clinton for the Nobel Peace Prize. He has publicly endorsed the controversial short film "Fitna", made by Dutch politician Geert Wilders, and recommends everyone to see it.
In January 2009, Kleppe was denied membership of the eurosceptic organisation "Nei til EU" as he, according to its leader Heming Olaussen (a former member of the Socialist Left Party), stood for "racist attitudes". This action led to the resignations of a large number of members, including one county secretary citing it to be totally unintelligible to deny Kleppe membership, as he was "one of the greatest supporters of "Nei til EU" during the last EU-referendum". Kleppe, regarding this event, even received support from one of his strongest political rivals, Harald Sødal, a former Christian Democratic deputy mayor of Kristiansand.
After his suspension from the Progress Party in 2001, it has been noted that many of the proposals raised by Kleppe earlier, then being very controversial even within the Progress Party, has since been "copied" by the party. This include a proposal of limiting "kontantstøtte" (social security for children choosing not to go to kindergarten) to only Norwegian citizens in 1998, which was later raised by Per Sandberg in 2004. With his tough line against Islam, he later also welcomed controversial episodes of criticism of Islam by Carl I. Hagen in 2004 and Siv Jensen in 2009.
Assaults by political opponents.
In 1999 Kleppe was twice assaulted, both times by the pouring of beer over his head. First by Jan Otto Hauge, then editor of "Journalisten", and secondly by singer-songwriter Lillebjørn Nilsen, with the latter getting a 100.000 NOK fine, as well as losing a culture award he had been awarded by the municipality of Oslo.
In August 2005 Kleppe was physically assaulted by a former Workers' Communist Party deputy leader, and was thrown eggs at, physically assaulted, and had equipment for a public speech sabotaged by members of a demonstration by left-wing organisations SOS Racism, Blitz-movement and Socialist Youth. In 2003 he also received numerous death threats.

</doc>
<doc id="2868893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868893" title="Émile Desportes">
Émile Desportes

Émile Desportes (born Pont l'Evêque, 1878 - ) was a French composer, conductor, painter, inventor and explorer. His daughter was the composer Yvonne Desportes (1907).
Desportes was originally a lawyer at Caen, then professor of music and conductor. He studied composition with Paul Dukas, but soon became more interested in other activities. 
After the Second World War, Desportes became rich from his inventions. He also painted, in a style influenced by Henri Rousseau, and even made a short film of Rousseau's life. In the 1950s Desportes embarked on an expedition to the Amazon basin, partly to study the music of the Amazonian tribes.
Works.
Most of his compositions were written for wind instruments, but he also wrote songs, and his best known piece is "pastorale joyeuse" for flute and guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="2868903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868903" title="Nagalingam Shanmugathasan">
Nagalingam Shanmugathasan

Nagalingam Shanmugathasan (, 1920 – February 8, 1993) was a trade unionist and Maoist revolutionary leader in Sri Lanka. He was the founding General Secretary of the Ceylon Communist Party (Maoist).
Life.
Shanmugathasan hailed from a family of modest means in the town of Manipay in Jaffna District. He began studying history at the University College Colombo in 1938, where he first came into contact with communist ideas and met supporters of the Communist Party of Great Britain who had returned from studying at Cambridge University. In 1939 he and two fellow students were suspended, but soon reinstated, from the university for distributing anti-imperialist flyers after the outbreak of World War II. Shanmugathasan gained notoriety among the students after this action and in 1940 won in the student election to become General Secretary of the University Union Society. The next year he was elected President of the Society. In the meantime, he was organizing a group of Communists among the students that opposed both British imperialism and the Trotskyists of the Lanka Sama Samaja Party.
After graduating from the university in 1943, Shanmugathasan joined the trade union movement, and became a full-time activist of the Ceylon Communist Party. He became the head of the Ceylon Trade Union Federation and led several strikes, including the general strike of 1947, the Hartal (general strike) of 1953, and a transport strike in 1955.
In the aftermath of the Soviet-Chinese split of the Communist movement, he was expelled from the Ceylon Communist Party in 1963 for pro-Mao views. In 1964 he became the general secretary of the Ceylon Communist Party (Peking Wing) (later CCP(Maoist)). He contested the 1965 general election as a Communist Party (Peking Wing) candidate, but was unsuccessful: he won only 0.5% of the vote. The party at its ninth Congress held in 1969 upheld Marxism-Leninism-Mao Tse-tung Thought and the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution. Shanmugathasan visited China twice during the Cultural Revolution and was important enough to have addressed thousands of Red Guards.
After the formation of the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist), which conducted armed struggle, Shanmugathasan played the role of liaison between China and CPI(ML).
In 1971 Shanmugathasan was imprisoned for one year during a crackdown on revolutionaries following the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna ("People's Liberation Front") rebellion. Shanmugathasan was targeted by the government for his espousal of armed revolution for political change and for being identified as one of the political mentors of Rohana Wijeweera, the founding leader of the JVP. While detained in prison Shanmugathasan authored a book, "A Marxist Looks at the History of Ceylon".
In 1973, Shanmugathasan's party was estimated by the US State Department to have approximately 500 to 800 cadre, and possessed "the ability to control the Ceylon Trade Union Federation and the Ceylon Plantation Workers' Union with a combined membership of some 110,000".
In 1976, after the death of Mao Tse-tung and the defeat of the Gang of Four and the revolutionary pro-Mao forces in China, Shanmugathasan sided with the pro-Mao forces internationally. He played an important role in the foundation of the Revolutionary Internationalist Movement, which he hailed as a "milestone in the history of the international communist movement". In 1991 he convened a conference of the Communist Party of Ceylon (Maoist) to promote new leadership and assure the longevity of the party. His last public appearance was at the first press conference of the International Emergency Committee to Defend the Life of Dr Abimael Guzmán in London.
Shanmugathasan was one of few national level politicians of Sri Lankan Tamil origin. He died of natural causes on Feb. 8, 1993 in England, where he had gone for medical treatment near the end of his life.
Works.
This is a partial list of books and articles written by Shanmugathasan.

</doc>
<doc id="2868909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868909" title="Ash Vale railway station">
Ash Vale railway station

Ash Vale is a railway station serving the village of Ash Vale in Surrey, England. It is situated at the junction of the London to Alton line and the line from Ascot to Guildford. The station and all trains serving it are operated by South West Trains.
The station is on an embankment and is adjacent to the Basingstoke Canal. The station opened in May 1870 under the name of "North Camp and Ash Vale", changing to its present name on 30 March 1924. The original main station building of the south side had to be demolished due to subsidence, the current replacements dating from 1972.
It is approximately half a mile from Ash Vale to North Camp station on the North Downs Line (the line between Gatwick Airport, Guildford and Reading), a distance passengers are expected to walk to make any connection. Only disabled passengers may argue that to do so would not be "reasonable" - the National Routeing Guide which defines route validity allows for the less able taking circuitous routes at the discretion of staff.
History.
Opened by the London and South Western Railway, it became part of the Southern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Southern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
When Sectorisation was introduced in the 1980s, the station was served by Network SouthEast until the Privatisation of British Railways.
In 1952 the booking clerk at Ash Vale was murdered following a hold-up.
Services.
On weekdays, there are trains approximately every 30 minutes between London Waterloo and Alton and between Ascot and Guildford. On Sundays, trains run every 30 minutes between London and Alton and every 60 minutes between Ascot and Guildford.
Train movements in the Ash Vale station area and the junction beyond are controlled by Ash Vale Junction signal box. The signal box, complete with its four residents and cover staff operates 24 hours a day 364 days a year from a traditional signal box on the junction itself.
Passengers awaiting services at Ash Vale towards London or Ascot can check the final destination of the train by referring to the signal at the end of platform 1. If the 5 white directional lights are illuminated, then the train is going towards Ascot; whereas if they are not, then the train is going to London (A red light means the train is not going anywhere at the moment).

</doc>
<doc id="2868913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868913" title="Yoma danio">
Yoma danio

The yoma danio ("Danio feegradei") is a fish in the Cyprinid family, a species of danio from Burma. 
Although discovered by Hora in 1937, it was first exported in 2005.
This fish has an exceptional ability for jumping. It can jump vertically to a height of over a foot (0.3 m) and may jump in this manner repeatedly. On an aquarium, a tight-fitting lid with no gaps is recommended.
The Yoma danio is quite variable in appearance, with some specimens developing black bars. 

</doc>
<doc id="2868915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868915" title="Charles Holmes">
Charles Holmes

Sir Charles John Holmes, KCVO (11 November 1868, Preston, Lancashire – 7 December 1936, Kensington, London) was a British painter, art historian and museum director. His writing on art combined theory with practice, and he was an expert on the painting techniques of the Old Masters, from whose example he had learned to draw and paint.
Early life.
Holmes was the son of a clergyman, Charles Rivington Holmes, and Mary Susan Dickson. His uncle was Sir Richard Holmes, librarian at Windsor Castle. He attended Eton College from 1883 and attained a scholarship to Brasenose College, Oxford in 1887. From 1889, Holmes worked as a publisher's and printer's assistant in London, first for his cousin Francis Rivington, then at the Ballantyne Press, and finally with John Cumming Nimmo. From 1896 to 1903, he was manager of the Vale Press, supporting Charles Ricketts and Charles Shannon. Holmes also wrote an art column for the Athenaeum which he shared with Roger Fry. In 1903, Holmes married his cousin, the musician Florence Rivington.
Academic.
From 1904 to 1910, Holmes was Slade Professor of Fine Art at Oxford University. At the same time, his experience in the field of publishing contributed to the early success of "The Burlington Magazine" (founded 1903), which he edited from 1904 to 1909 (co-editor with Robert Dell until 1906, co-editor with Harold Child from 1907).
Upon the retirement of Lionel Cust, Holmes was appointed director of the National Portrait Gallery in 1909. He resigned this post in 1916 to take up his appointment as director of the National Gallery. Since a change in the constitution of the gallery meant that Holmes was not given the absolute authority in the choice of purchases which his predecessors had enjoyed, Holmes instead made it his priority to familiarise the general public with the contents of the museum. Using his experience as a critic and in publishing, he published a series of catalogues of the National Gallery's holdings and produced a guide book. He retired in 1928.
Artist.
Holmes was a draughtsman, painter in watercolours and oils, and etcher, mostly of landscapes. Self taught, he developed a highly personal style from studying European as well as Japanese sources like Hiroshige and Hokusai. Later, he came under the artistic influence of Ricketts, and he learned etching from William Strang. He is also known for his industrial landscapes in which industrial buildings and activities play a major part. Examples for this can be found at Samlesbury Hall for which he painted a series of views around Blackburn und Preston (exhibited at Colnaghi's, London, in 1928). 
His stature as an artist was acknowledged when, in 1904 or 1905, he was admitted as a member into the New English Art Club with whom he had already exhibited from 1900. He was also six times participant at the Venice Biennale between 1912 and 1930, and became a member of the Royal Society of Painters in Watercolours in 1929 (associate from 1924; vice-president in 1935). He held one-man shows at the Carfax Gallery, Piccadilly, in 1909, 1911 and 1913. A memorial exhibition was held in London by the Fine Art Society in 1937.
Honours.
Holmes received a knighthood in 1921, and was made a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1928, the year of his retirement. He also held honorary doctorates from the universities of Cambridge and Leeds und was made an Honorary Fellow of Brasenose College in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="2868916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868916" title="Ams AG">
Ams AG

ams AG, formerly known as austriamicrosystems AG and still known as AMS (Austria Mikro Systeme), is a multinational semiconductor manufacturer. The headquarters are located in Unterpremstätten (Styria, Austria). The main fields of the business are the development and production of high performance analog Integrated Circuitry (ICs) such as standard analog products as well as customer specific solutions (ASICs).
ams AG is engaged in the areas of sensors and sensor interfaces, power management, and wireless. With their products they serve the markets of communication & consumer electronics, Industry|industrial & medical electronics and automotive electronics.The almost 1,400 employees in 20 countries include research and development facilities in Austria, a center of excellence in optical sensors in Texas(USA), seven other design centers, and manufacturing in Austria and the Philippines.
History.
1978-2000.
voestalpine AG decides to expand its product and services range during the late 1970sand chooses the Semiconductor industry. Due to voestalpine looking for a joint venture partner the first cooperation with American Micro Systems (AMI) was formed.
In 1981 this joint venture resulted in the American Micro Systems Inc. Austria GmbH. AMI owned 51% and voestalpine AG 49%. The château Premstätten in Unterpremstätten (Styria, Austria) was chosen as headquarters. This was followed by the construction of the first Austrian Semiconductor factory. The set up of a sales branch for ROMs and standard products was also tackled during this period.
In 1983 the Austrian chancellor Fred Sinowatz officially opened the 100mm Wafer factory which started its production with 300 employees.
1987 was the year when voestalpine AG took over full ownership. In September of the same year the name was changed from AMI-A to AMS (Austria Mikro Systeme International GmbH). Furthermore there were new sales branches established in California and Germany.
In 1991 AMS became one of the 25 fastest growing businesses in Europe. AMS was chosen to be the “top Fab of 1992” (Source: Semiconductor International USA). 
In June 1993 AMS was the first Semiconductor Company in Europe to go public, at the Vienna stock exchange. 
AMS decides to conquer new markets and that’s how the first sales office in Asia came about in 1996. In this year the company was also accredited according to the ISO 14001:1996 and EMAS (the European Eco Management and Audit Scheme). 1997 AMS achieved first successes in the area of Deep Submicron technologies.
NASAs “Deep Space 2” mission in 1998 took off with 2 chips developed from AMS and the aircraft manufacturer Boeing. These chips were designed to manage the power supply of the whole space probe. In the same year the company was accredited according to the American and German Automotive industry, QS 9000 and VDA 6.1 respectively.
2000 AMS set the foundation for the new 200mm Wafer factory. With the support of its new private equity shareholder Permira, AMS left the Vienna stock exchange the same year. This resulted in a further name change to austriamicrosystems AG.
2001–2010.
The new 200mm production line starts its trial run. At the same time a license agreement has been reached between austriamicrosystems AG and TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.), the largest global IC Foundry. After the successful trial run the new 200mm Wafer factory goes ahead with the mass production in 2002. New sales offices in Singapore were opened in the same year, furthermore an expansion of locations in Hong Kong, Japan and the USA was carried out.
Silicon Strategies listed austriamicrosystems as the only European company under the top ten 2003 Foundries worldwide. austriamicrosystems AG decided to continue its policy of expansion with new sales offices in South Korea, China (Suzhou), Finland and Sweden. Additionally, a desin center for multimedia playback applications was set up in Banglore, India.
2004 was the year austriamicrosystems AG found its way back to the stock exchange. Since the 17th of May that year austriamicrosystems AG is listed on the Swiss Stock exchange, short SIX, in Zürich.
In 2005 the standard products as well as the capacity of the 200mm Wafer factory were expanded to compensate for the shut down of the old 100mm factory which played a main part in the success of austriamicrosystems AG.
In 2006, the year of the 25th anniversary, a new test centre in the Philippines and a new design centre in India were built. The 200mm Wafer factory was also expanded further.
In 2007 austriamicrosystems AG stepped into new business segments in the form of a partnership with the micro motor manufacturer New Scale Technologies. In the same year the new cafeteria & conference centre (CCC) was built by the architect DI Tinchon.
The financial and the resulting economic crisis didn’t pass austriamicrosystems AG without leaving their mark. As many other companies they had to reduce work hours for parts of their workforce. However this didn’t last long as the orders started to grow again and all of those who had reduced hours could return to full hours. But even during these economically difficult times austriamicrosystems AG managed to join the UN global compact to reduce emissions and plans in the mid term to produce CO2-free. Nevertheless, austriamicrosystems AG reached revenues amounting to EUR 209.4 in 2010.
2011–present.
In 2011 austriamicrosystems acquired 100% of the shares in Texas Advanced Optoelectronic Solutions, Inc., (“TAOS”) for about USD 320 million (about EUR 220m). TAOS works in the area of light sensor technologies and delivers solutions for display management for consumer electronics.
In May 2012 austriamicrosystems rebrands to “ams”. The new brand name ams conjoins austriamicrosystems and the brand of TAOS, a global supplier of intelligent lights sensors, acquired in 2011. Furthermore ams AG acquired IDS Microchip AG in the same year.
Since May 13, 2013 Kirk Laney, former CEO of TAOS Inc., took over the interim management of the company after the step down of John Heugle, head of company for 11 years.
In June 2014 ams acquired 100% of shares in AppliedSensor, a global leader in solid-state chamical gas sensor solutions.
On June 25, 2014 ams published a statement of a possible merger of equals with Dialog Semiconductor.
Château Premstätten.
In 1164 the foundation for the château Premstätten was laid by the knights Hermann and Gumprecht of Premstätten. 200 years later the 600 year reign of the counts of Saurau began.
The appearance of the château today is mainly thanks to the counts of Saurau. The arcaded atrium has been built in the second half of the 17th century. It received today’s still maintained rococo look more than a hundred years later.
From 1848 onwards the owner ship of the château changed more frequently. First the noble family Goëss held the ownership but was soon followed by the noble family of Normann.
In 1931 the château was bought by the order of Comboni, a catholic missionary order. The order was dispossessed of the château by the NS regime, which used it as a secret radio communication base. After the war, it was not restored to the order; instead it was used by American and Russian troops as a base. Only after the occupation period did the order get the château back, but it was in a miserable state.
The following years were marked by numerous renovation works. This had a huge financial impact on the order. In 1981 the order of Comboni finally decided to sell the château to the voestalpine AG under the condition that they would keep the chapel intact in its form and purpose. 
After extensive renovation to adapt the château to office purposes it became the headquarters of austriamicrosystems AG.
Shareholder structure.
ams AG is listed on the SIX Swiss stock exchange (ticker symbol: AMS) since 2004. approx. 92% of the shares are free float, around 8% are held by the management and by other former TAOS shareholders.
Business segments.
In the segment of Consumer & Communications ams serves the markets of mobile communication and mobile as well as fixed entertainment electronics. Their main focus rests on chip solutions for the power and lighting management. These chips can be found in MP3 players, mobile phones, LCD TVs and xenon or LED camera flashes.
In the area of medical and industrial electronics ams provides sensors and sensor interfaces. Their products are known to measure to smallest signals under extreme conditions such as extreme temperature fluctuations, humidity and vibration.
In the field of automotive electronics ams AG supplies Semiconductor solutions which are used in intelligent vehicle access, security and comfort systems. They also supply sensors, sensor interfaces and high speed bus systems.
ams´ Foundry is aimed at fabless companies, chip designers and integrated semiconductor providers which don’t have their own Wafer factory. Hereby the focus lies on analog and mixed signal ICs which often need complex and specialised processes.
Research and development.
ams AG spends constantly invests in its research and development. In the year 2013 research and development expenses were EUR 68.5m, corresponding to 18% of revenue. The average number of employees in this area were 346.
Quality and environmental management.
ams AG is certified with the following quality standards, ISO/TS 16949:2002, ISO/TS 13485:2003 (medical devices), ISO 9001:2000, QS9000, VDA6.1, the Q1 certification of Ford, the STACK Technical Approval and the CECC 9000. They also fulfil the environmental standards of ISO 14001:1996 and EMAS (Eco-Management and Audit Scheme). ams is part of the UN Global Compact, the world's largest corporate initiative for responsible business and sustainability.

</doc>
<doc id="2868920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868920" title="August Klughardt">
August Klughardt

August Friedrich Martin Klughardt (November 30, 1847 – August 3, 1902) was a German composer and conductor.
Life.
Klughardt, who was born in Köthen, took his first piano and music theory lessons at the age of 10. Soon, he began to compose his first pieces, which were performed by a music circle Klughardt had founded himself at school. In 1863, his family moved to Dessau. One year later, Klughardt gave his debut as pianist.
After having finished school, he moved to Dresden in 1866. There, he took further lessons and brought his compositions to the public for the first time. One year later, he began to earn his living as a conductor. At first, he worked at the municipal theatre in Posen (Poznań) for one season, then in Neustrelitz for one season, and finally in Lübeck for several months. From 1869 to 1873, he worked at the court theatre in Weimar. There, he met Franz Liszt, which was very important for his creative development. In 1873, he returned to Neustrelitz where he became chief conductor. He was appointed manager in 1880. In 1876, he visited the first Bayreuth Festival.
From 1882 to the end of his life, he was director of music at the court in Dessau. In 1892 and 1893, he conducted Richard Wagner's "Der Ring des Nibelungen". He received many distinctions in his last years: he was appointed member of the Berlin Academy of Arts in 1898 and he was made honorary doctor by the University of Erlangen. He was also asked to direct the "Singakademie" in Berlin, but he rejected this offer. Klughardt died suddenly in Roßlau at the age of 54.
Style.
Klughardt's meeting with Liszt established his enthusiasm for the music of the "Neudeutsche Schule" around Wagner and Liszt. Indeed, his works reflect some of their conceptions. Nevertheless, Klughardt did not shy away from keeping up genres which Wagner and Liszt rejected. He wrote six symphonies and a lot of chamber music. Likewise, he did not compose a single symphonic poem, a genre that was propagated by Liszt, but several more old-fashioned programmatic overtures. In fact, Robert Schumann's influence is probably more obvious in Klughardt's works.
He intended to create a synthesis of these dissimilar tendencies. In his operas, he used Wagner's leitmotif technique, but he held to the older number opera instead of Wagner's through-composed music-drama. Some of his compositions show Klughardt as a child of his times, for example his choral work "Die Grenzberichtigung (The correction of the frontier)", Op. 25, which was composed when Germany won the Franco-Prussian war in 1870/71. Altogether, Klughardt must be considered as a rather conservative composer in spite of his interest in more modern tendencies. Today, most of his output is nearly forgotten. Only his Violoncello concerto, his "Schilflieder (Reed Songs)" and his Wind quintet are played from time to time. In 2011 however, CPO recorded his Symphony No. 3 and the Violin Concerto with the Dessau Anhalt Philharmonic Orchestra, soloist Miriam Tschopp and conductor Golo Berg.

</doc>
<doc id="2868934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868934" title="UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying">
UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying

This page describes the qualifying procedure for the UEFA Euro 2008.
Seedings.
Qualification coefficients were used to rank the teams according to their results in both UEFA Euro 2004 and FIFA World Cup 2006 qualifying stages. Only the group matches, and not any additional playoffs, counted towards the coefficients, also determining which pot a national team was put in. Some points to note:
The draw took place on 27 January 2006 in Montreux, Switzerland.
1 Greece were first seeded, as European champions
Tiebreakers.
If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings
Summary.
Below is a table containing all seven qualifying groups. Teams that secured a place in the final tournament are highlighted in green. The order of teams is by final group position. For the first time, UEFA named the qualifying groups alphabetically rather than numerically.
Groups.
The qualifying process started in August 2006. Austria and Switzerland were granted places in the tournament finals as host nations.
The qualifying format had been changed compared to the previous tournament. The winners and runners-up from seven groups will automatically qualify for the Championship, with the hosts filling the other two slots in the 16-team tournament. The move means there will no longer be play-offs between teams finishing in second place in the groups. Six of the qualifying groups contain seven teams, and the other, eight.
As the official successor of the previous football association, Serbia inherited the position originally allotted to Serbia and Montenegro in Group A prior to the dissolution of the state union. Montenegro were granted UEFA membership after qualifying had started and thus were not able to participate in this European Championship.
Key:
Top goalscorers.
Source: UEFA

</doc>
<doc id="2868946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868946" title="Ludwig Müller">
Ludwig Müller

Ludwig Müller (23 June 1883 – 31 July 1945) was a German theologian and leading member of the "German Christians" () faith movement. In 1933 he was imposed by the Nazi government as "Reichsbischof" (Reich Bishop) of the German Evangelical Church ().
Life.
Müller was born in Gütersloh, in the Prussian province of Westphalia, where he attended the Pietist Evangelical Gymnasium. He went on to study Protestant theology at the universities of Halle and Bonn. Having finished his studies, he worked as a school inspector in his hometown, from 1905 also as a vicar and assistant preacher in Herford and Wanne. In 1908 he became parish priest in Rödinghausen. At the outbreak of World War I, he served as a Navy chaplain in Wilhelmshaven.
After the war, Müller joined the "Stahlhelm" paramilitary organization and continued his career as a military chaplain, from 1926 at the Königsberg garrison. He had been associated with Nazism since the 1920s, supporting a revisionist view of "Christ the Aryan" (or a "heroic Jesus") as well as a plan of purifying Christianity of what he deemed "Jewish corruption," including purging large parts of the Old Testament.
Müller had little real political experience and, as his actions would demonstrate to Adolf Hitler, little if any political aptitude. In the 1920s and early 1930s, before Hitler's assumption of the German chancellorship on 30 January 1933, he was a little-known pastor and a regional leader of the German Christians in East Prussia. However, he was an "old fighter" with Hitler () since 1931, when he joined the Nazi Party, and had a burning desire to assume more power. In 1932, Müller introduced Hitler to "Reichswehr" General Werner von Blomberg when Müller was chaplain of the East Prussian Military District and Blomberg was the district's commander.
As part of the "Gleichschaltung" process, the Nazi regime's plan was to "coordinate" all 28 separate Protestant regional church bodies into a single and unitary Reich Church ("Reichskirche"). Müller wanted to serve as leading Reich Bishop of this newly formed entity. His first attempt to achieve his post ended in a miserable and embarrassing failure, when the German Evangelical Church Confederation and the Prussian Union of churches designated Friedrich von Bodelschwingh on 27 May 1933. Eventually, however, after the Nazis had enforced Bodelschwingh's resignation, Müller was appointed regional bishop ("Landesbischof") of the Prussian Union on 4 August, and on 27 September finally was elected Reich Bishop by a national synod through political machinations.
Müller's advancement angered many Protestant pastors and congregations, who deemed his selection to be politically motivated and intrinsically anti-Christian. Still regional bishop, he handed over more powers to the Reich Bishop—himself—as an example of imitation, to the discontent of other regional bishops like Theophil Wurm (Württemberg). On the other hand, Müller's support by the "German Christians" within the Protestant Church decreased, as he was not able to wield explicit authority. The radical Nazi faction wanted to get rid of the Old Testament and create a German National Religion divorced from Jewish influenced ideas. They supported the introduction of the Aryan Paragraph into the Church. This controversy led to schism and the foundation of the competing Confessing Church, a situation that frustrated Hitler and led to the end of Müller's power.
Many of the German Protestant clergy supported the Confessing Church movement, which resisted the imposition of the state into Church affairs. Hitler's interest in the group had waned by 1937, when the party took up a more aggressive attitude toward the resistant Christian clergy, so Müller tried to revive his support by allowing the Gestapo to monitor churches and the Christian youth groups to consolidate with the Hitler Youth.
He remained committed to Nazism to the end. He committed suicide in Berlin in 1945, soon after the Nazi defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="2868949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868949" title="TBI plc">
TBI plc

TBI Limited was an airport owner and operator, incorporated in the United Kingdom in 1972. It was a subsidiary of Airport Concessions and Development Limited (ACDL), owned by Spanish companies Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. (90%) and AENA Desarrollo Internacional S.A. (10%).
History.
The company changed its name to TBI plc in March, 1994 and to TBI Limited in 2009.
TBI bought Cardiff Airport in 1995, and sold it to the Welsh Government in 2013.
In 2004 the company was acquired by Airport Concessions and Development Limited (ACDL), owned by Spanish companies Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. (90%) and AENA Desarrollo Internacional S.A. (10%). In 2013, the Bolivian government led by Evo Morales nationalized the airports in Bolivia for which the company owned concessions through its subsidiary Sabsa (the three biggest airports in the country: El Alto International Airport, Jorge Wilstermann International Airport and Viru Viru International Airport).
TBI airports.
United States.
Additionally, TBI provides airport management services at Atlanta and Macon, Georgia and Burbank, California in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="2868951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868951" title="1833 in art">
1833 in art


</doc>
<doc id="2868958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868958" title="Wrong Road">
Wrong Road

Wrong Road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868959" title="Springbok (disambiguation)">
Springbok (disambiguation)

Springbok can have the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="2868963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868963" title="Center School (Connecticut)">
Center School (Connecticut)

Center School is an elementary school in Brookfield, Connecticut, United States.
History.
What is now Center School was originally established in 1938 as the Consolidated School. Consolidated was the unification of five one-room schoolhouses scattered throughout the town, created as a means to provide improved and centralized facilities for education. Later, in 1964, a second elementary school opened in Brookfield and what was then Expanded Consolidated School was renamed to Center School, as it is now known.
The original Center School opened in 1762, and was the first one-room school house in Brookfield. The facilities later served as the town hall and is now a historical building rented to the Housatonic Council of Elected Officials. [http://www.danbury.org/org/brookhc/index.htm
Present day.
As of 2010, Center enrolls approximately 420 students in kindergarten through first grade, with 22 classrooms and 32 teachers. There is also an on-site pre-school service. 
The school Mission Statement is: The mission of Center School is to provide experiential opportunities, which challenge, support, and encourage successful learning appropriate to the age and uniqueness of each young child.
Center School is known for excellence in teaching, mentoring, and technology.

</doc>
<doc id="2868969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868969" title="Blue-Redstripe danio">
Blue-Redstripe danio

The blue-redstripe danio is a fish that may be color morph of the widely known pearl danio. It is a tropical fish belonging to the "Danio" genus in thr family Cyprinidae. Originating from Southeast Asia in southern Thailand, Chantaburi province, this fish is rarely found in the fish-keeping hobby. It tends to be smaller than the pearl danio and has a distinctive wide, luminous orange stripe which diminishes under the dorsal. While still rare, it is known to hobbyists as danio blue-redstripe. When originally discovered by Hugh M. Smith in 1931, it was named "Danio pulcher", which translates as beautiful danio, but it was later synonymised with "D. abolineatus". Scholars are currently undecided as to whether it is a separate species from "D. abolineatus", but the majority concur that it is not.

</doc>
<doc id="2868972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868972" title="Experimental Theatre Club">
Experimental Theatre Club

__NOTOC__
The Experimental Theatre Club (ETC) is a student dramatic society at the University of Oxford, England. It was founded in 1936 by Nevill Coghill as an alternative company to the Oxford University Dramatic Society (OUDS), and produces several productions a year.
Many famous actors and directors have been involved with productions by the club. It has staged the first productions of many new works, including "Epitaph for George Dillon", written by John Osborne in 1957 and directed by Don Taylor.
The club was an important nursery for the talents of the British New Wave (Kenneth Tynan, Tony Richardson, John Schlesinger, Lindsay Anderson, Ken Loach) in the 1950s, and the Oxford component of Monty Python (Michael Palin and Terry Jones) in the 1960s.
ETC was home to Oxford's student revue company, the Etceteras -- by the early 1970s a rather poor relation of the Cambridge Footlights. Then, in 1975, two figures who would together become major players in TV and film comedy met after answering an advert to join the Etceteras revue-writing team. They were Richard Curtis and Rowan Atkinson -- a graduate engineering student who made his memorable Oxford debut in a Leapyear Revue at the Oxford Playhouse on 29 February 1976, directed by Etceteras president, Robert Orchard. Curtis had already taken his own first bow in another show by the same director, "Allswellthatendsrock!".
ETC funded the Etceteras' first major revue in years, "After Eights" at the Oxford Playhouse in May 1976, featuring Atkinson, Curtis, Robin Seavill and others, with material written by the cast, director Andrew Rissik, John Albery, Orchard, Iain Moss and other contributors. Atkinson and Curtis went on to win acclaim with the Oxford Revue at the 1976 Edinburgh Festival Fringe and the rest is comic history. 
"(Note: The Etceteras' brief as part of ETC was to stage regular revues in Oxford, while the show performed at the annual Edinburgh Festival Fringe as the Oxford Revue was produced and funded by the separate Oxford Theatre Group (OTG), which also took several plays to the Fringe. Today's thriving Oxford Revue company combines both roles.)"
Alumni.
People who have contributed to ETC productions include:
Visiting directors include Peter Hall and
Terry Hands.
External links.
Experimental Theatre Club Website

</doc>
<doc id="2868974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868974" title="Capitol Cinema (Mumbai)">
Capitol Cinema (Mumbai)

Capitol Cinema is one of the Mumbai's oldest theatres. Located just opposite Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, it was built by "Kunvarji Paghtivala". It is a "Heritage grade II" Victorian structure constructed in 1879. Originally a theatre for performing arts known as "Tivoli" it got its present name in 1928 when it was converted to a Movie theater. 

</doc>
<doc id="2868977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868977" title="A.S.D. Città di Giulianova 1924">
A.S.D. Città di Giulianova 1924

A.S.D. Città di Giulianova 1924 is an Italian association football club based in Giulianova, Abruzzo. Refounded in 2012, it currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The football in Giulianova.
Giulianova Calcio.
The club was founded in 1924 and played for most of its history in national Italians championships, especially in Serie C.
On 30 June 2012 it was excluded from Italian professional football after does not join 2012–13 championship of Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
Città di Giulianova 1924.
A new club was immediately refounded in the summer 2012 as A.S.D. Città di Giulianova 1924, acquiring the sports title of Eccellenza Abruzzo club "Cologna Paese", based in Roseto degli Abruzzi.
Colors and badge.
Its colours are yellow and red.
Stadium.
It plays its home matches at Stadio Rubens Fadini.
References.
sponsor : BETAFENCE

</doc>
<doc id="2868980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868980" title="Colony class">
Colony class

Colony class may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2868982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868982" title="Hotel Ibis">
Hotel Ibis

ibis is an international hotel company, owned by Accor hotels. On January 21, 2014 the company opened the 1,000th Ibis Hotel in Surabaya, Indonesia because Indonesia had the best growth for the company which Accor was the largest hotel group in Asia Pacific, while about 400 Ibis Hotel in France and most of the remainder elsewhere in Europe. The hotels are generally close to city centres, airports or rail stations, offering budget rates. The first Ibis opened in Bordeaux in 1974 [http://www.accor.com/gb/groupe/historique/en_bref/en_bref.asp]. 
Hotel facilities.
They are in Accor's economy range of hotels and unlike the budget hotels such as Formule 1 and Ibis Budget, offer 24 hour reception. The room offers a bathroom and toilet, a desk, a double or two single beds, wardrobe space, and international and local channels on the television. The hotel sometimes includes a restaurant or bar offering food early in the morning to noon (04:00-12:00), and in some hotels a 24 hour snack menu is offered. Generally, the Ibis hotels are seen as economy hotels, so Accor is endeavouring to change this by advertising all the hotel's achievements and highlighting their satisfaction guarantee.[http://www.ibishotel.com/gb/discovering-ibis-hotel/quality-commitment/index.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="2868990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868990" title="Joseph Oscar Irwin">
Joseph Oscar Irwin

Joseph Oscar Irwin (17 December 1898 – 27 July 1982) British statistician who advanced the use of statistical methods in biological assay and other fields of laboratory medicine. Irwin’s grasp of modern mathematical statistics distinguished him not only from older medical statisticians like Major Greenwood but contemporaries like Austin Bradford Hill.
Biography.
Oscar Irwin was born in London. He attended the City of London School where he specialized in classics and then at a late date in mathematics. In December 1917 he won a scholarship to Christ's College, Cambridge to read mathematics. A serious illness disqualified him from war service but he spent a year computing anti-aircraft trajectories for Karl Pearson. When Irwin graduated from Cambridge in 1921 he joined Pearson’s department of applied statistics which had returned to its normal activities. Irwin published his first work there, including his 1927 paper on the distribution of means.
In 1928 Irwin moved to Rothamsted Experimental Station and he stayed there until 1931. His old boss Pearson and his new boss R. A. Fisher were bitter enemies but Irwin's conciliatory nature allowed him to remain on good terms with both men. At Rothamsted he continued to work on mathematical statistics and he became one of the first people to master Fisher's innovations. Fisher made few concessions to his readers: see Barnard's well-known "you are a mathematician, work it out" story.
Irwin made an important contribution to the dissemination of Fisher's ideas by writing expository pieces. In his appreciation Greenberg recalls the mathematical statisticians R. C. Bose and S. N. Roy telling him how by reading Irwin they been able to understand Fisher. Another valuable educational project was the series of papers "Recent Advances in Mathematical Statistics" which Irwin inaugurated in 1931.
From 1931 until he retired in 1965 Irwin worked for the Medical Research Council at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. Besides doing his own research he was a consultant on technical statistical matters. There was a break in the Second World War when Irwin was responsible for the teaching of statistics at Cambridge. For many mathematicians, including Lindley, Armitage, and Kempthorne, the course of Irwin was the first step to becoming statisticians.
At the MRC Irwin wrote a series of important papers on bioassay. An important theoretical contribution was his 1935 paper on "Fisher's exact test". Irwin had done the work in 1933, apparently preceding the better known work of Fisher and Yates. After the war Irwin embarked on a number of long-term collaborative studies, often for official committees. These were applied studies but he continued to work on more mathematical problems, e.g. he produced a series of papers on the Generalized Waring Distribution.
Oscar Irwin received many honours and served as president of the Royal Statistical Society in 1962–64; he had played an important part in the affairs of the society for many years.
Greeenberg has described the man
J. O. Irwin was a soft spoken kind soul who took a tremendous interest in his students and their achievements... He was a lovable absent-minded kind of professor who smoked more matches than he did tobacco in his ever-present pipe while he was deeply involved in thinking about other important matters.
Selected publications.
According to Armitage, Irwin published about 120 papers.
External links.
There is a photograph at
For Irwin’s correspondence with Fisher see

</doc>
<doc id="2868992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868992" title="North East Surrey College Of Technology">
North East Surrey College Of Technology

The North East Surrey College Of Technology (NESCOT) is a large further education and higher education college in Epsom and Ewell, Surrey, England that began as Ewell Technical College in the 1950s.
Facilities.
Nescot has specialist practical facilities including a construction department on site with trade specific workshops for Bricklaying, Plumbing, Carpentry, Electrical Installation and Plastering. Performance and Media have dance studios, recording facilities, dark rooms and a Mac suite. The college also has two theatres, one traditional with tiered seating and a modern performance space. Other curriculum areas are supported with a beauty salon, onsite nursery, labs, an Animal Care Centre, Student Advice Centre, Learning Resource Centre - and an Osteopathy clinic.
The college sports centre, gym, and playing fields are open to the general public.
Structure and organisation.
The college is governed by The Nescot Further Education Corporation.
Academic profile.
As of 2008-2009 the college drew around 12,200 students from the local community, nationally and overseas.
In addition to the traditional further education college subjects, the school offers distance learning, and customised training programmes for businesses.
Higher education.
The college offers higher education in Osteopathy, Acoustics and Biological Science. Courses preparing for higher education within the college enables students to remain at Nescot in order to take their studies forward.
Software training.
The school is recognised as an Apple Authorised Training Centre and holds academy status with CISCO, Microsoft, and Oracle as a specialist training provider.
Performance.
A 2010 Ofsted inspection assessed the school overall as Grade 2 (good), with Grade 1 (outstanding) in several areas.
In 2011, Nescot's Media students competed in and won the final of WorldSkills UK. The previous year the college's Computing department's students scored individual success in the WorldSkills 2009 final. In 2011, three computing students made it into the final competing at Alnwick Castle.
Notable alumni.
Jane Wilson-Howarth author

</doc>
<doc id="2868997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2868997" title="Centre Block">
Centre Block

The Centre Block (in French: "Édifice du centre") is the main building of the Canadian parliamentary complex on Parliament Hill, in Ottawa, Ontario, containing the House of Commons and Senate chambers, as well as the offices of a number of members of parliament, senators, and senior administration for both legislative houses. It is also the location of several ceremonial spaces, such as the Hall of Honour, the Memorial Chamber, and Confederation Hall.
Built in the Gothic Revival style, the present Centre Block is the second iteration of the building, after the first was destroyed by fire in 1916; all that remains of the original building is the Library of Parliament, at the rear of the Centre Block. Though construction began immediately after the blaze, sculpting work on the interior continued through the 1970s. One of the most recognizable buildings in Canada, the Centre Block is depicted on the Canadian $10 bill (the Library of Parliament), $20 bill (the Peace Tower), and the $50 bill.
Characteristics.
Designed by Jean Omer Marchand and John A. Pearson, the Centre Block is a long by deep, and six storey high, symmetrical structure built in the modern Gothic Revival style. As such, it displays a multitude of stone carvings, including gargoyles, grotesques, and friezes, keeping with the Victorian High Gothic style of the rest of the parliamentary complex. The walls are faced with more than 50,000 blocks of over 24 different types of stone, though a rustic finished Nepean sandstone is the predominant kind of masonry, with dressed stone trim around the 550 windows and other edges. The roof is of reinforced concrete covered with copper, and dotted with dormer windows. The interior walls are sheeted with Tyndall stone, a dolomitic limestone quarried in southeastern Manitoba and chosen by the architect for the richness of its vibrant colour and rich texture, formed by darker brown spots caused by fine fern markings. These surfaces are augmented by sculptural decoration done in Indiana limestone.
The Centre Block houses offices and facilities, including the prime minister's office, that of the leader of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, and the offices of other party leaders, as well as senators, ministers, and commons staff. Further, there are numerous parliamentary committee rooms and the Parliamentary Press Gallery.
Confederation Hall.
The Centre Block is arranged symmetrically around Confederation Hall, located immediately inside the main entrance. It is an octagonal chamber, the perimeter of which is divided by limestone clustered columns into eight bays of two different sizes, themselves subdivided by dark green syenite pillars. Behind these runs a vaulted ambulatory that supports the upper gallery. The arcaded arches are topped by gables sculpted to commemorate the confederated nature of Canada and they support one side of the hall's fan vaulted ceiling with carved bosses, while the other side rests on a single column in the centre of the room. This column is borne on a stone carved with an image of Neptune amongst sea lions and fish in a mythical sea. It was placed at noon on 2 July 1917, to mark the 50th anniversary of Confederation, and above it was carved the words: 
Around the central column is an inlaid marble floor with a 16 point windrose of Verde Antique serpentine from Roxbury, Vermont, and a swirl pattern of green serpentine from the Greek island of Tinos, embedded in Missisquoi Boulder Grey marble, from Philipsburg, Quebec. The overall pattern represents the essential element of water, alluding to Canada's motto: "A Mari Usque Ad Mare" (From Sea to Sea). The inner and outer circles of the floor are made of a Missisquoi Black marble from Philipsburg, Quebec, and white travertine from Italy, as well as Verde Antique serpentine separated by a band of Missisquoi Boulder Grey marble.
Though a design model of the room was presented as early as January 1918, Confederation Hall was the last part of the Centre Block's interior to be completed; the Missisquoi black marble base was laid on 11 August 1921 and the Tyndall limestone vault—built from a full scale wood and plaster model—was completed in December of the following year. Still, the detailed carving, the designs for which had been finalised by Cléophas Soucy in 1941, remained incomplete until 1953, due to occurrence of the Second World War. Upon completion of this work, the gables of the arch tympanums were adorned with the coats of arms of Canada and the provinces, each surrounded by relevant floral symbols: on the east wall thistles for Nova Scotia, Tudor roses for Prince Edward Island, and grapes and apples for New Brunswick; on the south wall lilies, maple leaves, and Tudor roses for Newfoundland and Labrador, pine cones, oak leaves, and acorns for Nunavut, and maple leaves for British Columbia; on the west wall grapevines and apples for Saskatchewan, sunflowers, corn, and wheat for Alberta, and wheat and pine cones for Manitoba; and on the west wall sunflowers, wheat, and corn for Ontario, pine cones, oak leaves, and acorns for Canada, and Tudor roses for Quebec. The remaining territorial coats of arms are located in the southeast (Northwest Territories) and southwest (Yukon) corners. The gable springers all display the coats of arms of the provincial and territorial capitals, while the gable ramparts bear symbols of Canada's fauna.
The apex stones atop each central arch are carved into figures from Canadian life, two Inuit with huskies being found on the east wall, two heads each representing the merchant marine and agriculture on the south wall, two of Canada's First Nations people on the west wall, and a lumberjack and miner with a wheel of industry on the north wall. There were originally two renditions of the sovereign's Canadian arms, one each on the north and south walls of Confederation Hall; however, the latter was reworked in 2000 by Maurice Joanisse into the above mentioned coat of arms of the newly created territory of Nunavut.
Hall of Honour.
Extending from Confederation Hall is the Centre Block's north to south axis, running between the Library of Parliament and the Peace Tower, through the Hall of Honour, which serves as the route of the parades for both speakers of parliament, as well as where the lying in state segment of some state funerals takes place. It is a long, rib vaulted space of Tyndall limestone divided into five bays by superimposed double arcades of lancet arches atop clustered columns on pedestals. These bays are subdivided in half by single-story pointed arches on dark green syenite pillars, above which sit clerestory windows of cusped lights segmented by Missisquoi Black marble posts, though only those on the east of the hall are windows, while the others are blind.
Running the length of the hall and resting on corbels carved into early English foliage and other customary symbols, is a ribbed vault ceiling rising to bosses carved with Tudor roses and fleur-de-lis. The hall is bisected by small, vaulted corridors, the east one leading to a committee room, and the west to the old reading room; the latter is known as the "Correspondents' Entrance", as it is lined with bosses and label stops sculpted by Cléophas Soucy between 1949 and 1950 into the visages of ten notable parliamentary correspondents: Charles Bishop, Henri Bourassa, John Wesley Dafoe, Joseph Howe, Grattan O'Leary, Frank Oliver, John Ross Robertson, Philip Dansken Ross, Joseph Israël Tarte, and Robert S. White. The north end of the hall is crossed on both levels by the Centre Block's north corridor, with an overlooking gallery lined by iron railings by Paul Beau.
The Hall of Honour was intended to be a gallery where statues of notable Canadians would be arranged in the niches along each side. That plan was later abandoned, however, in favour of a more general purpose of commemorating the 1916 fire, as well as honouring those who participated in the Great War. The sculptures remain incomplete; only the north end, closest to the Library of Parliament, has completed carvings. The largest of these stone sculptures is a low relief memorial to nursing in Canada, depicting those care-givers who participated in World War I, while another work, "Canada Remembers", pays tribute to those who were involved in the Second World War. Two other pieces mark the efforts of early nation-building, such as that donated by Canadians living in the United States and which celebrates the 60th anniversary of Confederation.
Senate chamber.
In the east wing of the Centre Block is the Senate chamber, in which are the thrones for the Canadian monarch and her consort, or for the federal viceroy and his or her consort, and from which either the sovereign or the governor general gives the Speech from the Throne and grants Royal Assent to bills passed by parliament. The senators themselves sit in the chamber, arranged so that those belonging to the governing party are to the right of the Speaker of the Senate and the opposition to the speaker's left.
The overall colour in the Senate chamber is red, seen in the upholstery, carpeting, and draperies, and reflecting the colour scheme of the House of Lords in the United Kingdom; red was a more royal colour, associated with the Crown and hereditary peers. Capping the room is a gilt ceiling with deep octagonal coffers, each filled with heraldic symbols, including maple leafs, fleur-de-lis, lions rampant, clàrsach, Welsh Dragons, and lions passant. This plane rests on six pairs and four single pilasters, each of which is capped by a caryatid, and between which are clerestory windows. Below the windows is a continuous architrave, broken only by baldachins at the base of each of the above pilasters.
On the east and west walls of the chamber are eight murals depicting scenes from the First World War; painted in between 1916 and 1920, they were originally part of the more than 1,000 piece Canadian War Memorials Fund, founded by the Lord Beaverbrook, and were intended to hang in a specific memorial structure. But the project never eventuated and the works were stored at the National Gallery of Canada until, in 1921, parliament requested some of the collection's oil paintings on loan for display in the Centre Block. The murals have remained in the Senate chamber ever since.
Edgar Bundy's "Landing of the First Canadian Division at Saint-Nazaire, 1915", depicts the first landing of Canadian troops in France, at Saint-Nazaire, led off the "Novian" by the pipe band of the Black Watch (Royal Highland Regiment) of Canada, and watched by officers, troops, and townspeople. Algernon Talmage painted "A Mobile Veterinary Unit in France", showing a scene on the Cambrai front, where a Canadian Mobile Veterinary Unit is taking wounded horses to an evacuating station. "Railway Construction in France" was painted by Leonard Richmond to show the construction of a railway by the Canadian Overseas Railway Construction Corps, in the deepest trench in France. James Kerr-Lawson was commissioned by the Canadian War Memorials Fund to create both "Arras, the Dead City"—which depicts the ruins of Arras Cathedral as they were in 1917—and "The Cloth Hall, Ypres", a painting of the destroyed, 600 year old Cloth Hall in Ypres. Claire Atwood's "On Leave" documents (as battlefield scenes were thought inappropriate subject matter for female artists) the home front activities of the Canadian Expeditionary Force at a YMCA canteen in one of London's train stations as they await their train to the battlefront. "The Watch on the Rhine (The Last Phase)" was painted by Sir William Rothenstein to symbolically represent the defeat of Germany, with a British howitzer facing across the Rhine, and old and new Germany embodied in the ancient hills and factory chimney. And Sir George Clausen's "Returning to the Reconquered Land" was painted to illustrate agricultural land behind the front lines in France and shows people returning to their destroyed homes following the armistice.
Senate foyer.
To the immediate south of the Senate is that room's foyer, a double height space surrounded by a double layered colonnade, the inside ring of attached shaft columns rising to the ceiling and the outside ring of rose coloured limestone columns supporting a second floor gallery. Within the stonework are sculpted depictions of various important figures in pre-Confederation Canada, as well as self-portraits of the sculptors who fashioned the stone. A number are dedicated as the "Sovereigns' Arches", with corbels sculpted into depictions of Canada's monarchs; the latest to be added was that of Queen Elizabeth II, unveiled on 9 December 2010. The entire ceiling is of a Tudor style stone tracery filled with stained glass depicting royal emblems, such as provincial coats of arms, as well as symbols of First Nations and the names of all the speakers of the Senate up until the ceiling's installation in 1920.
Above the exterior entrance into the foyer is a stained glass window commemorating the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II. Designed by Christopher Goodman and Angela Zissoff of Kelowna, British Columbia, with input from the Speaker of the Senate, Noël A. Kinsella, and the Canadian Secretary to the Queen and Usher of the Black Rod, Kevin MacLeod, and approved by the Queen, the window shows Elizabeth and Queen Victoria with their respective royal cyphers and renditions of the Centre Block during the reign of each monarch. A gift to the monarch from the Senate, it was constructed over six weeks from 500 pieces of machine made and mouth-blown glass from France, the United Kingdom, Germany, and the United States. A model was unveiled by the Queen at Rideau Hall on 30 June 2011 and, after installation of the finished piece, the window was dedicated by Governor General David Johnston on 7 February 2012.
The foyer walls bear portraits of Canada's past and present monarchs; those of King George VI and Queen Victoria are originals that were rescued four times from fire, while others were added after the new Centre Block was built.
Commons chamber.
The western wing of the building contains the House of Commons chamber, along with its antechamber and lobbies for the government and opposition, on the east and west sides of the main commons space. The doors to all are of white oak trimmed with hand-wrought iron.
The chamber is 21 metres long, 16 metres wide, and has seats for 320 members of parliament and 580 persons in the upper gallery that runs around the second level of the room. The overall colour scheme is in green—visible in the carpeting, bench upholstery, draperies, paint within the gilded honeycomb cork plaster work of the cove, and the stretched linen canvas over the ceiling—and is reflective of the colour used in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom since at least 1663. That canvas, sitting 14.7 m above the commons floor and designed in 1920 by the New York decorating firm Mack, Jenney and Tyler, is painted with the heraldic symbols of the Canadian, provincial, and territorial coats of arms, with medallions at the intersections of diagonal stencilled bands in an argyle pattern. Running below this, and above the cove, is a continuous gold leaf cornice created in 1919 by Enrico Filiberto Cerracchio, which displays a row of gilt figures, broken at the peak of each pointed arch by cherubs holding a cartouche, and behind all of which runs a painted grapevine with Tudor roses.
On the floor, the opposing members' benches are spaced 3.96 m apart on either side of the room, a measurement said to be equivalent to two swords' length, harkening back to when English members of parliament carried swords into the chamber. Directly between, directly opposite the main door, on the axis of the chamber, is the speaker's chair, made in 1921 by the English firm of Harry Hems as an exact replica of that in the British House of Commons. It is topped by a carved wood canopy bearing a rendition of the royal coat of arms of Canada sculpted in wood from the roof of the Westminster Hall, which was built in 1397; the whole was a gift from the British branch of what is today the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association. The chair has since been augmented with a hydraulic lift, lighting, writing surfaces, and, at the foot of the chair, a television screen and computer screen to aid the speaker in monitoring the process of the house. Behind the chair is a door that gives the speaker access to the speaker's corridor, which links the commons chamber to the speaker's chambers, and which is lined with portraits of past speakers of the House of Commons.
In the east and west walls of the commons chamber are 12 windows topped by pointed arches with hood moulds terminated by pendant drops. The glazing within is stained glass, commissioned as a Centennial Project in 1967 by then Speaker of the House of Commons Lucien Lamoureux. Each window contains approximately 2,000 pieces of hand-blown glass—created in Ottawa by Russell C. Goodman using medieval techniques—arranged in a Decorated Gothic style pattern designed by R. Eleanor Milne. Divided into four sections by stone mullions, the upper parts contain geometrical tracery and provincial and territorial floral emblems amongst ferns; in the tracery at the head of the windows are symbols extracted from the coats of arms of the provinces and territories.
As with other areas of the Centre Block, the commons walls are enriched with shafts, blind tracery, friezes, and a sculpture programme. The room was the last space in the building to be carved, with sculptural work only beginning in the late 1950s and continuing intermittently for the following two decades; approximately 225 blocks of varying sizes still remain uncarved. Amongst the work done are three series of stone works: "The British North America Act", a set of 12 high reliefs on the east and west walls of the chamber, carved between 1978 and 1985, and illustrating through symbols and narrative themes associated with the federal and provincial responsibilities laid out in the British North America Act; "Evolution of Life", a series of 14 sculptures within the spandrels of the pier-arches at the north and south ends of the House of Commons, depicting Canada's palaeontological past and the evolution of humanity through philosophy, science, and the imagination; and "Speakers and Clerks", comprising four heads carved on the jambs of the two doors on either side of the Speaker's chair, depicting the speakers and clerks of the House of Commons at the time of the opening of both parliament buildings in 1867 and 1920, respectively.
Commons foyer.
Directly south of the House of Commons is that room's foyer, a rectangular, two storey arcaded hall surrounded by clustered limestone piers and moulded arches that support an upper cloister lined with black marble posts. The foyer is approached from Confederation Hall by the South Corridor, which is lined with portraits of former prime ministers, as well as via an entrance hall that opens to the front of the Centre Block and which is separated from the foyer by a Rose Tavernelle marble balustrade. The floor of the commons foyer is of Missisquoi Boulder Grey marble with borders of Verde Antique serpentine.
The walls bear a series of 10 bas-relief panels showing 25,000 years of Canada's history and, directly above, is a stone tracery ceiling with soft green coloured glass infill manufactured by the N.T. Lyon Glass Company of Toronto. The ceiling's appearance is similar to that found in the Senate foyer, except here the borders are of oak leaves, pine cones, and acorns; the octagonal panels are filled with Tudor roses and fleur-de-lis; the monogram "HC" (for House of Commons) is placed in all the small oblong panels; and the oval panels bear symbols of the various government departments amid sprigs of maple leaves: a steam crane represents Public Works; a beaver and bees represent trade and industry; a lighthouse and ship represent the naval services and a military ship at sea represents the overseas military; letters, stamps, and caduceus represent the Postmaster General; fish and an anchor represent the fisheries; wheat and a sickle represent agriculture; pounds and dollars represent finance; a crowned globe represents the Geological Survey; a moose and crown represents the Ministry of the Interior; a helmet and weapons represent militia and defence; crates and 33⅓% represent customs; a steam locomotive represents the railway; a scale and sword represents justice; picks, shovels, and a saw represent mining and forestry; and a crown, mace, and the granting of Royal Assent represent parliament itself.
History.
The Department of Public Works for the Province of Canada sent out, on 7 May 1859, a call for architects to submit proposals for the new parliament buildings to be erected on Barrack Hill, which was answered with 298 submitted drawings. After the entries were narrowed down to three, then Governor General Sir Edmund Walker Head was approached to break the stalemate, and the winner was announced on 29 August 1859. The Centre Block, departmental buildings, and a new residence for the governor general were each awarded separately, and the team of Thomas Fuller and Chilion Jones, under the pseudonym of "Semper Paratus", won the prize for the first category with their Victorian High Gothic scheme with a formal, symmetrical front facing a quadrangle, and a more rustic, picturesque back facing the escarpment overlooking the Ottawa River.
The groundbreaking took place on 20 December 1859; however, workers soon hit bedrock, which, combined with a change to the design that saw the foundation moved to 17 feet deeper, meant costly blasting. Still, by 16 April of the following year, the first of the many coloured varieties of stone were laidNepean sandstone, red sandstone from Potsdam, New York, and a grey Ohio freestone. On 1 September 1860, Prince Albert Edward, Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII) arrived in Ottawa as part of his wider royal tour of the province, and laid the cornerstone of the growing Centre Block, with a luncheon on the grounds for the workers and their families. The "Ottawa Citizen" said on 6 June of the upcoming event:
By 1866, the parliament of the United Province of Canada sat in its first and only session in the new building, by then dominated by the central Victoria Tower on the formal front, and with an articulated rear facade shaped along the curves of the adjacent cliff. The stonework contained carved mouldings, sculpted foliage, real and mythical animals, grotesques, and emblems of France, England, Ireland, and Scotland, spread across and over pointed windows in various groupings, turrets, towers, and finials, while the roof was of grey and green slate, topped with iron cresting painted china blue with gilt tips. Beautiful as the building was, however, the final tallies of the costs showed that the original budget had been far surpassed, with the total price of the Centre Block being $1,373,633, at 1866 rates, when $1,093,500 had originally been allocated for the construction of the entire parliamentary precinct.
On 1 July 1867, the Dominion of Canada was formed, with Ottawa as the capital, and the houses of parliament the legislature, for a larger territory than for which they had originally been built; within four years, the Dominion stretched all the way from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean. From 1906 to 1914, the Centre Block was expanded to suit the additional members of parliament and staff from the newly formed provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan.
Great fire.
A fire alarm was raised in the Centre Block on 3 February 1916, at 8:37 pm; something had been seen smouldering in a wastebasket in the Reading Room, but, as this was not terribly unusual, a clerk was called to assist. However, by that point, the fire had progressed beyond control in the wood-panelled and paper-filled room. The House of Commons was in session that evening, and was interrupted by the chief doorkeeper of the Commons calling for evacuation; some women in the gallery, unaware of the urgency, attempted to reclaim their fur coats from the coat check, and perished. Others, meanwhile, formed a human chain to carry furniture, files, and artwork out of the burning structure; the portrait of Queen Victoria in the commons chamber was rescued from flames for the second time. A half hour after the fire started came the first of five explosions, and, shortly after midnight, the large bell in the Victoria Tower crashed to the ground; it had tolled each hour until midnight, when, after ringing eleven times, it ceased to function. When the fire crews thought that the inferno had been quelled, flames emerged in the Senate chamber. Within twelve hours, the building was completely destroyed, except for the Library of Parliament, spared by the closing of its heavy metal doors, and the Cabinet immediately moved to meet at the nearby Château Laurier hotel. The parliament itself relocated to the Victoria Memorial Museum Building while the new Centre Block was constructed.
With the fire occurring in the midst of the First World War, rumours began to circulate that the blaze had been started by a German arsonist, the "Toronto Globe" asserting that while the official cause of the fire was reported as a carelessly left cigar, "unofficial Ottawa, including many Members of Parliament, declare 'the Hun hath done this thing.'"
Rebuilding.
Reconstruction of the Centre Block began immediately, with a team of architects led by John A. Pearson and Jean-Omer Marchand overseeing a design that was much like the original, but expanded in size and pared down in ornament, more in keeping with the Beaux-Arts ethos of the time. By 1 September 1916, less than seven months since the fire, the original cornerstone was relaid by the then governor general, Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, exactly 56 years after his brother, the future King Edward VII, had done the same. The new building was to be constructed with a steel frame, and an interior predominantly finished in stone, as well as with a more logical layout and clear exiting strategy.
On 26 January 1920, the first sitting of parliament in the new Centre Block was opened by Governor General the Duke of Devonshire. However, the ceremony was also exceptional for the fact that it took place in the House of Commons, rather than the Senate, as the latter had not yet been constructed. Similarly, the corridors and main chambers were still devoid of their decorative carvings, which would be completed over the ensuing fifty years, and it was not until Dominion Day of 1927 that the Peace Tower was dedicated by Governor General the Viscount Willingdon.
Continued life.
On 18 May 1966, Paul Joseph Chartier killed himself as he left a Centre Block washroom by accidentally detonating the bomb he had been preparing to throw onto the floor of the House of Commons from the public galleries above to, as he put it in his notes, "exterminate as many members as possible." Security in the building was thereafter heightened; however, tests of this by journalism students that November proved that the precautions had been little improved. Later, in 1989, Charles Yacoub hijacked a Greyhound Lines bus and drove it up onto Parliament Hill.
By the 1990s, it was deemed necessary for an upgrade to be made to the Centre Block's mechanical and electrical systems, which would necessitate a new plant for these amenities. To avoid disturbing the heritage facades and spaces of the building, as well as erecting new structures within the parliamentary precinct, the two storey, 50 m x 40 m square plant and new loading docks, called Centre Block Underground Services (CBUS), were constructed underground, seeing, in 1997, the removal of 25,000 m3 of rock from under and near the Centre Block.
Future upgrades will require extensive internal renovations, including both parliamentary chambers and associated areas. The West Block is scheduled to re-open in 2017. As this will cause a multi-year disruption, plans are in place to enclose the courtyards of the East and West Blocks for use as temporary legislative chambers while the Centre Block is out of commission.

</doc>
<doc id="2869000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869000" title="Atovaquone">
Atovaquone

Atovaquone (alternative spelling: atavaquone) is a chemical compound that belongs to the class of naphthoquinones. Atovaquone is a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone, an analog of ubiquinone, with antipneumocystic activity. It is manufactured in the US in the liquid form, or oral suspension, under the brand name Mepron.
Uses.
Atovaquone is a medication used to treat or prevent:
Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX, Bactrim) is generally considered first-line therapy for PCP or toxoplasmosis. However, atovaquone may be used in patients who cannot tolerate, or are allergic to, TMP-SMX. In addition, atovaquone has the advantage of not causing myelosuppression, which is an important issue in patients who have undergone bone marrow transplantation.
Malaria.
Atovaquone, as a combination preparation with proguanil, has been commercially available from GlaxoSmithKline since 2000 as Malarone for the treatment and prevention of malaria.

</doc>
<doc id="2869003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869003" title="Fjords (board game)">
Fjords (board game)

Fjords is a tile-based German-style board game designed by Franz-Benno Delonge and published in 2005 by Hans im Glück and Rio Grande Games. Unlike some other games in the genre, "Fjords" is strictly limited to two players. The game is played in two phases: exploration and expansion. In the first phase, the players draw random hexagonal tiles and place them on the gaming table in alternating sequence to form a map. Tile edges must consistently match with respect to terrain types (clear land, mountain, and water). On some of the tiles they place their four villages. In the second phase, they expand from their villages by placing tokens of their colour on the tiles. The player who succeeds in placing the most tokens (by cutting off the other player's access to tiles) wins the game.
This game is not to be confused with the game "Fjord", a military simulation situated in Norway during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="2869006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869006" title="Mepron">
Mepron

Mepron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2869008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869008" title="Ardingly">
Ardingly

Ardingly ( ) is a village and civil parish in the High Weald Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty about north of Haywards Heath in the Mid Sussex district of the local government county of West Sussex, within historic Sussex England. The village is about south of London, south-south-west of East Grinstead, southeast of Crawley, north of Brighton and east northeast of the county town of Chichester.
There is mention of a place spelt as "Ertlyngeleghe", in 1396, which may refer to Ardingley. 
The village is on the B2028 road. The parish covers an area of . The 2001 Census recorded 1,833 people in 627 households of whom 830 were economically active.
Places of interest.
St Peter's parish church, towards the western end of the village, dates from the 14th century.
Wakehurst Place and its grounds, "Kew in the Country", are about north of the village. Ardingly Reservoir is about west of the village. The Big-Upon-Little rock formation is close to a footpath between Ardingly and Horsted Keynes.
Events.
In June the South of England Agricultural Show early in the month and the London to Brighton cycle event (usually held on Father's Day) attract visitors from across the country. The South of England Showground hosts regular antiques fairs, which are often featured on the BBC Television game show "Bargain Hunt". Every four years an international scout camp is held on the showground, attended by about 3,000 scouts from West Sussex and around the world. The most recent event called WS2008 (West Sussex 2008) was held in August 2008.
Schools.
At the southern edge of the village is Ardingly College, an independent school. The village also has a Church of England primary school, St. Peters CE Primary, which has about 120 pupils; most of the children of secondary school age attend Oathall Community College in Haywards Heath.
Public transport.
Ardingly has a low-frequency bus service to the nearby towns of Haywards Heath and Crawley.
Ardingly railway station was opened 1 October 1864 by the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway. The Southern Railway electrified the line in the 1930s but British Railways closed the line and station to passenger trains in 1963. The goods yard and connection to the main line remain open as an ARC Aggregates terminal. The nearby Bluebell Railway owns the former trackbed between Ardingly and and has a long-term aspiration to re-open the line.
Notable people.
Jon Snow, the television newscaster, was born in Ardingly.

</doc>
<doc id="2869009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869009" title="Franz-Benno Delonge">
Franz-Benno Delonge

Franz-Benno Delonge (1957 – September 2, 2007) was a designer of German-style board games. He has been nominated for multiple best game awards, including Spiel des Jahres and International Gamers Awards. "TransAmerica" won the Mensa best mind game award for 2003. He died of cancer on September 2, 2007. 
Early life.
Delonge started boardgaming as a child, often spending extended periods of time with his grandmother and her sisters. These three widows enjoyed all kinds of card and board games, and the most popular card game in Bavaria was for four players. Although quite hard, they made sure he could play by the time he was eight.
Thoughts on game design.
While enjoying the success of "TransAmerica", he would prefer to play other games he designed, like "Dos Rios", "Hellas" or "Big City". He considered his best work to have been "Manila". "TransAmerica" was the game he thought was easiest for him to design, and found that even simple rules can have unexpected consequences. 
"Dos Rios", on the other hand, he felt was clearly the hardest game to work to completion, which took around 5 years to improve from basic design to publishable product.
Works.
"Big City".
"Big City" (published 1999) is a game with a modular board, each board section representing a neighbourhood of a new and growing city. Players draw cards representing development lots on those neighbourhoods, and then turn the cards in to build residences, offices, and other special buildings. If a building is larger than a single space, then multiple cards must be turned in, representing the adjacent lots. Some buildings have restrictions on where they can be placed, and points are scored based on the size and type of building, with bonuses for location, and the adjacent buildings. Players also have an opportunity to build a streetcar line, which also provides bonus points for buildings.
"TransAmerica".
"TransAmerica" (published 2001), was Delonge's greatest success, and also won a Mensa Best Mind Game award. Players have to build track to connect their five randomly and secretly assigned cities. Delonge attributed much of its success to the simplicity of the rules.
"Fjords".
"Fjords" (2005)
"TransEuropa".
"TransEuropa" (2005)

</doc>
<doc id="2869013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869013" title="Marit Bjørgen">
Marit Bjørgen

Marit Bjørgen (born 21 March 1980) is a Norwegian cross-country skier and six times Olympic champion from Midtre Gauldal, Norway. Bjørgen is the most successful female winter Olympian of all time. She is ranked first in the all-time Cross-Country World Cup rankings with sixty-six individual victories. Bjørgen is also the most successful sprinter in Cross-Country World Cup history, with twenty-five victories. One of her most notable achievements was becoming the most successful athlete at the 2010 Winter Olympics by winning five medals, including three gold medals. She also won three gold medals at the 2014 Winter Olympics. With her 2014 medals, she became the most medaled female Winter Olympian.
She is a member of Rognes IL.
World Cup.
Bjørgen initially excelled at the sprint events, and seven victories in that event was enough to give her second place overall in the 2003–04 FIS Cross-Country World Cup season. However in the 2004–05 season, Bjørgen became an accomplished distance skier.
On 19 March 2006 in Sapporo, Japan, Bjørgen claimed her second FIS World Cup title. Bjørgen led the overall World Cup by 66 points, ahead of Canada's Beckie Scott going into the final race of the season, the 2 x 7.5 km double pursuit. Scott needed to win the race and for Bjørgen to finish no higher than eighth to claim the title. Scott did win the race but Bjørgen came fourth, winning the crystal globe with 1036 points to Scott's 1020. Bjørgen also won the sprint title for the season, 6 points ahead of Norway's Ella Gjømle, making the 2005–06 season the fourth season in a row that Bjørgen has won the sprint title. Bjørgen finished the distance standings in fourth place, 108 points behind Russia's Julija Tchepalova.
Bjørgen made the podium eight times during the 2005–06 season, six of them in first place, one second and one third place. Bjørgen now has 70 podium finishes, 46 of them in first place, 13 in second and 11 in third. 22 of her victories have been in the sprint, which is by far her most successful event. Seven of these victories were in the 2003–04 season and they have decreased in the past few seasons whilst her results in the other disciplines have improved. She has nine victories in the 10 km and seven in the pursuit. Her four other victories have been in longer races (30 km. and Vasaloppet).
Bjørgen has competed in the World Cup since 2000, when she finished the season in 53rd place overall and 48th in the sprints. The season after she finished the overall season in 32nd and the sprint in 36th. The season after however (2002–03) she won the sprint title and finished in 6th place overall. The 2003–04 season was Bjørgen's best season up until that time when she again won the sprint title, and came 11th in the distance standings, finishing the season in 2nd place behind Gabriella Paruzzi. In the 2004–05 season she won all the titles, and again won the overall and sprint title in 2005–06.
In 2011–12 she claimed the overall title for the third time, ahead of Poland's Justyna Kowalczyk.
World championships.
Bjørgen has twelve World Championship gold medals, eight of them individual. Her first gold medal in the World Championships came in the individual sprint in Val di Fiemme in 2003, where she also picked up a silver in the 4 × 5 km. She took three medals in Oberstdorf in 2005 in the 30 km classical, team sprint, and 4 × 5 km. She also won a silver in the 7.5 km + 7.5 km double pursuit and a bronze in the 10 km free in the same games. At the 2007 championships in Sapporo, Bjørgen won two bronze medals in team sprint (with Astrid Jacobsen) and in the 4 × 5 km. In Holmenkollen 2011 she won the individual sprint, the pursuit, the 10 km classical, the 4 × 5 km, and a silver in the 30km. In the 2013 Val di Fiemme World Championships she won the individual sprint, the double pursuit, the 4 x 5 km, the 30 km, and a silver in the 10 km freestyle.
In the World Championships 2011, held at Holmenkollen, Oslo, during February and March 2011, Bjørgen won gold medals in the Sprint, the 10-kilometre classic, the 15-kilometre pursuit and the 4 × 5-kilometre relay. She also finished second to Therese Johaug in the 30-kilometre freestyle.
Olympics.
Bjørgen had a disappointing Winter Olympics in Turin. She suffered from bronchitis a week before the games started and was prescribed antibiotics, then in the first race of the games, the 7.5 km + 7.5 km double pursuit, Bjørgen withdrew during the classic phase complaining of an upset stomach. In the next event, the team sprint, Bjørgen and Hilde G. Pedersen came fourth, and despite winning a silver in the 10 km, the remainder of the games went poorly for her. The next event was the 4 × 5 km relay, where Bjørgen took the anchor leg and finished in fifth place, the first time since 1988 that Norway had failed to reach the podium in the women’s relay. In the individual sprint, Bjørgen failed to make the semi finals, and both Bjørgen and Pedersen decided not to compete in the 30 km and returned home to Norway. Afterwards she was quoted as saying she was "sick and tired of Pragelato and OL (Olympic games)".
However Bjørgen recovered to win the 45 km Vasaloppet from Oxberg to Mora on 4 March, eight days after the end of the Winter Olympics. Bjørgen broke away with Hilde Pedersen and Vibeke Skofterud after only 10 km, but Skofterud could not keep up with the pace and fell back, and Bjørgen powered away from Pedersen with a few kilometres left, winning in a time of 2:17:53, 1:22 ahead of Pedersen and 3:23 ahead of Petra Majdič of Slovenia. Winning a purse of 88,000 SEK and also winning two of the three sprints during the race to add another 10,000 SEK. Then three days later on 7 March, Bjørgen finished second in the individual sprint event in Borlänge, Sweden.
In the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver, Bjørgen finished third in the 10 km freestyle event, before winning her first Olympic gold medal in the sprint. In the sprint she was up against a very strong field which consisted of Petra Majdič of Slovenia, who had taken a serious fall earlier in the day during qualification and Justyna Kowalczyk of Poland who was leading the overall World Cup standings coming into the race. Bjørgen won her second gold in the 2 x 7.5-kilometre on 19 February 2010. Bjørgen was also part of the 4 × 5 km relay team that won gold on 25 February 2010, finishing with enough time to cross the line with a large Norwegian flag given to her by a spectator near the finish, and jumping over the finish line. She closed out her trip in Vancouver by taking silver 0.3 seconds behind Poland's Justyna Kowalczyk in the women's 30 km event.
Bjørgen won gold at the 2014 Olympics in the 15 km skiathlon, the Team sprint and the 30km freestyle race.
With her 2014 medals, she equaled the record for most Winter Olympic medals by a woman, with 10. Of those with 10 medals, Stafania Belmondo and Raisa Smetanina, Bjørgen has the most golds. She surpassed the prior record holder for most female Olympic medals in cross country skiing, Lyubov Egorova, who has 9, 6 of them gold.
Holmenkollen.
Bjørgen won the women's 30 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 2005. She won the same event five years later in 2010. This was the first World Cup event to be held at Holmenkollen since the completion of the new ski jumping hill. For her win in both the 30 km and the sprint event, along with her successes at the 2010 Games in Vancouver, Bjørgen was awarded the Holmenkollen medal.
Asthma medications.
In the 2009–2010 season World Anti Doping Agency allowed Bjørgen to use an asthma medication which was on the WADA doping list. Bjørgen continued to use the medication over the Olympics 2010 and was strongly criticized by Justyna Kowalczyk who accused her of doping. this medication is no longer on the WADA doping list, and can be used by any athlete but only in a restricted dose. Beta2-adrenergic agonists such as formoterol and terbutaline remain on the WADA prohibited list, but salbutamol was only prohibited at urine concentrations greater than 1,000 mg/mL, which is higher than possible when taking a normal inhaled dose.
Personal life.
Bjørgen lives with Fred Børre Lundberg, Olympic champion in Nordic combined, in Holmenkollen, Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="2869016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869016" title="Task Force (film)">
Task Force (film)

Task Force (1949) is a war film filmed in black-and-white with some Technicolor sequences about the development of U.S. aircraft carriers from the USS "Langley" (CV-1) to the USS "Franklin" (CV-13). Although Robert Montgomery was originally considered for the leading role,the film stars Gary Cooper, Jane Wyatt, Walter Brennan, Wayne Morris, Julie London and Jack Holt. "Task Force" was the only film Gary Cooper and Jane Wyatt made together, and was the last of the eight films Cooper and Walter Brennan made together.The U.S. Navy provided complete support in not only loaning naval vessels and facilities, but also allowed the use of archival footage of the development of naval air power. 
Plot.
As a 1917 graduate of the Naval Academy, Naval Aviator Jonathan L. "Scotty" Scott (Gary Cooper) spends 27 years, from 1921 to 1948, promoting naval aviation and the power of the aircraft carrier. During that period, he antagonizes powerful people in the U.S. Navy and Congress, and marries Mary Morgan (Jane Wyatt), the widow of a fellow flier who died in a crash during a carrier takeoff aboard the USS "Langley". Throughout, Scott has the help and friendship of his mentor and superior officer, Pete Richard (Walter Brennan).
The Scotts spend two years in Hawaii and then move to Annapolis, where Scott, now a Lieutenant Commander, is to teach naval aviation but his outspoken stand in favor of aircraft carriers in combat causes him to lose a promotion. After Japan invades Manchuria, Scott is offered a civilian sales position selling aircraft in Europe, but remains in the navy.
After Pearl Harbor is attacked by the Japanese, Scott's ship, the USS "Enterprise", is heavily involved in action at the Battle of Midway. Scott later travels to Washington to plead for more carriers and eventually a carrier fleet is produced. During the Battle of Okinawa, the fleet, with Scott as the Captain of the carrier USS "Franklin", proves its worth. When his carrier flight deck is badly damaged by Japanese torpedo aircraft, the crew is forced to abandon ship. Four years after the end of the war, Scott as an admiral, retires and joins Mary, who is waiting for him on the dock.
Cast.
As appearing in "Task Force", (main roles and screen credits identified):
Production.
In 1948, Warner Bros. obtained archival U.S. Navy footage documenting the rise of naval aviation as well as Technicolor footage filmed during the war in the Pacific, including the Battle of Midway, the Japanese attack on and a kamikaze attack on USS "Franklin". Encouraged by the offer of support from the U.S. Navy, when the production received permission to proceed with a film, a decision was made to shot the first segments in black-and-white to merge into the original footage of the , the first American aircraft carrier, and the .Principal photography began in late 1948 on the escort carrier, USS "Bairoko" (CVE-115) to replicate the USS "Langley", as well as Naval Air Station North Island in San Diego. The U.S. Navy provided access to naval facilities with costs amounting to as much as $24,000 a day being incurred when an admiral's barge and jet fighters were commandered. Additional work took place at the Burbank studios to cover interiors and process shots. Production finally wrapped on January 5, 1949.
Near the end of the film, the film changes from black and white to Technicolor in order to unobtrusively use actual combat film shot in color. The change comes just after a scene showing a contentious meeting in Washington D.C. in which Brennan and Cooper argue with a senator who wants to stop building carriers. After some aerial shots of a task force at sea and an aircraft landing on a carrier, still in black-and-white, a shot of a sailor in combat gear silhouetted against the sky is in color, but filtered to make it sepia, a technique similar to that used on the transitional shot of Dorothy opening the door of her house to reveal Munchkinland in "The Wizard of Oz". This is followed by Cooper at night walking the deck of his first command, still in sepia, and aircraft taking off at night. The next shot, of a naval task force with air cover, is in full color.
Complications set in during the filming of "Task Force" as consecutively, four separate crews were at work with the resultant task of merging all of the live action and archival footage. One of the near disasters involved a delivery truck that caught on fire with its load of cut and stock film along with daily rushes, personal baggage and makeup destroyed. More serious was a series of accidents involving the star, who had already expressed reservation both about the script and his perceived inadequacies as an actor. In December 1948, Cooper was on a navy barge that broke down in fog, and began to take on water, almost floundering on the rocks in Long Beach harbor before he was rescued by a navy ship. Cooper was subsequently hospitalized with a high fever. He was nearly seriously injured on another occasion. During gunnery practice, when Cooper was on the , an unmanned target aircraft was hit and caught fire, heading for the crowded deck where all of the actors and crew were standing before skimming overhead, and crashing in the ocean.
Historical accuracy.
During the Battle of Midway scene, the "Japanese carrier" blowing up is actually exploding after being torpedoed by .
When Cooper and Brennan attend the mid-1920s reception in Washington, D.C., the Chief of Naval Operations is called "Admiral Ames" (Moroni Olsen); the real CNO was Admiral Edward Walter Eberle. The movie CNO is clean shaven, Eberle had a full beard. Seen listening to Scott (Gary Cooper) tell Sen. Bentley (Stanley Ridges) about the use of aircraft carriers over battleships in future naval warfare and that Japan is a threat to the United States, the real Japanese naval attaché who would have heard that conversation was Captain Isoroku Yamamoto. Later, Admiral Yamamoto would be the architect of the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Aircraft used in the film.
Paul Mantz did much of the flying in the early aerial sequences. 
In popular culture.
In the film, "White Heat", when Arthur "Cody" Jarrett played by James Cagney is chased by federal investigators, to lose them, he drives the car into San-Val Drive In, where "Task Force" is showing. Later in the movie, when Cody's mother is interrogated by the cops, she says that she was with Verna (Virginia Mayo) watching the film and that it was "exciting."
Reception.
Special premieres were screened on the USS "Midway" at sail in the Atlantic and the USS "Valley Forge" in the Pacific. When released years after the end of World War II, "Task Force" was inevitably compared to wartime features and documentaries that chronicled the efforts of the U.S. Navy. Audiences on a whole, received the film enthusiastically, making it one of the "largest grossing pictures" of the postwar era. Critics, although acknowledging the cobbled-up look of the black-and-white photography blending into color, still gave the story positive reviews, keying in on the dramatic aspects. Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" noted that when the film concentrates on "real carrier activity out at sea and the actual aspects of recent warfare, it springs into vivid, thrilling life." Playing on the propaganda-like message of "Task Force", "Radio Moscow" decried it, "a film which glorifies war, and calls for the militarization of the country's whole life."

</doc>
<doc id="2869022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869022" title="Airdriehill">
Airdriehill

Airdriehill is a village in the Scottish council area of North Lanarkshire. It is located on a small hill northeast of the town of Airdrie, North Lanarkshire and west of the village of Plains, North Lanarkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2869023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869023" title="A Madman's Diary">
A Madman's Diary

"A Madman's Diary" () was published in 1918 by Lu Xun, one of the greatest writers in 20th-century Chinese literature. This short story is one of the first and most influential modern works written in vernacular Chinese and would become a cornerstone of the New Culture Movement. It is the first story in "Call to Arms", a collection of short stories by Lu Xun. The story was often referred to as "China's first modern short story". This book is selected as one of The 100 Best Books of All Time.
The diary form was inspired by Nikolai Gogol's short story "Diary of a Madman, " as was the idea of the madman who sees reality more clearly than those around him. The "madman" sees "cannibalism" both in his family and the village around him, and he then finds cannibalism in the Confucian classics which had long been credited with a humanistic concern for the mutual obligations of society, and thus for the superiority of Confucian civilization. The story was read as an ironic attack on traditional Chinese culture and a call for a New Culture. 
Synopsis.
The story presents itself as diary entries (in vernacular Chinese) of a madman who, according to the foreword, written in classical Chinese, has now been cured of his paranoia. The diary describes a growing fear, then, after extensively studying the Four books and five classics of old Confucian culture, the diary writer, the supposed "madman", began to see the words "Eat People!" “吃人” ("chiren") written between the lines of the texts (in classical Chinese texts, commentary was placed between the lines of the text, rather than in notes at the bottom of a page). Seeing the people in his village as potential man-eaters, he is gripped by the fear that everyone, including his brother, his venerable doctor and his neighbors, who are crowding about to watch him, are harboring cannibalistic thoughts on him. Despite the brother's apparent genuine concern, the narrator still regards him as big a threat as any stranger. Towards the end the narrator turns his concern to the younger generation, especially his late sister (who died when she was five) as he is afraid they will be cannibalized. By then he is convinced that his late sister had been eaten up by his brother, and that he himself may have unwittingly tasted her flesh.
The story ends with the famous line: "Save the children..."

</doc>
<doc id="2869029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869029" title="Robert Orchard">
Robert Orchard

Robert Orchard is a British radio journalist and presenter.
Robert Orchard was born in 1953, the youngest of three children of a Devon farmer, Jack Orchard, and a Welsh nurse, Minnie Evans. Educated at Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Crediton, he was a regular voice on its new campus radio station, and wrote and presented several TV epilogues for ITV's 
Westward Television. He read Politics, Philosophy and Economics (PPE) at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, from 1972–75, followed by a year's PGCE teacher training. While at Corpus (later the college of David and Ed Miliband), he was features editor of Isis, the student magazine, and a member of the Oxford University Broadcasting Society, also acting in numerous plays and revues, and co-directing Molière's The Miser with Peter Grose.
A keen fan of Monty Python, he began writing revue sketches in earnest after meeting the Pythons when they were filming on Dartmoor. He succeeded Geoffrey Perkins as president of the university's student revue company, the Etceteras (part of the Experimental Theatre Club), and gathered a team to write sketches for a major show at the Oxford Playhouse in May 1976, After Eights, intended to raise the company's profile. The team included former TW3 scriptwriter and chemistry tutor John Albery, and various fellow-students — among them Rowan Atkinson and Richard Curtis, who met here for the first time. Both made their Oxford debut in revues directed by Orchard, and he took his own satirical revue, called Knockers, to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in August 1977 with the Oxford Actors Company, returning two years later in the cast of Knockers 2.
Orchard began his journalistic career in 1976 at the Thomson Regional Newspapers training centre run by John Brownlee in Newcastle, before joining "The Western Mail" newspaper in Cardiff. He moved to BBC Wales in 1979 and worked in broadcasting for the BBC for more than 30 years, covering mainly politics and parliament for TV and radio from 1984—including the Brighton Bomb and the fall of Thatcher. He worked in Brussels and Strasbourg in 1985, setting up a new EU reporter post for BBC regions before becoming Political Correspondent for BBC Wales and then, in 1988, a network Political Correspondent in a team led by the distinguished journalist John Cole, and including his former BBC Wales colleague, Huw Edwards, and also Jon Sopel. He opted to focus more on Parliament from 1992, mainly on Radio 4, becoming a BBC Parliamentary Correspondent and presenting Yesterday in Parliament—with a brief to entertain as well as inform, and later the more measured, nightly Today in Parliament, along with other specialist parliamentary programmes.
Orchard edited BBC News Online's General Election coverage in 2001; and later compiled the BBC College of Journalism's first online Guide to Parliament,to help other BBC journalists understand how Westminster works and how to report it.
He has written articles for Parliament's The House Magazine and regularly lectured foreign diplomats seconded to Oxford University on How British Democracy Works... or Doesn't, as well as giving talks on his job to audiences from Hungary to the House of Lords, and lending his voice to create historical character cameos for a range of political programmes. Documentaries made for Radio 4 include "Fool's Gold", on the 19th century Welsh Goldrush; a series for "You & Yours" assessing the privatisation of water, nuclear power and, potentially, the Royal Mail; "The Age of Ming", on ageism in politics; and, in February 2010, "Hung, Drawn and Thwarted", on the prospects and perils of a hung parliament. Robert Orchard retired in February 2013 on health grounds.
Away from parliament, he organised major poetry-reading tours of schools for Ted Hughes and for Thom Gunn through the 1980s and 1990s. He remained a keen amateur actor, not least at the Everyman Open Air Theatre Festival [http://www.everymanfestival.co.uk] held at Dyffryn Gardens near Cardiff from 1983 to 1995... he was also one of the Festival's organisers and, as chairman for three years, helped oversee its expansion. With Tim Riley, he went on to found Moonlight Theatre in 1998, staging open air musicals at the Festival for a decade after its move from Dyffryn to the National History Museum at St Fagans near Cardiff.
He has been married to Ainslie Freeman since 1983. They live in Llandaff, Cardiff.

</doc>
<doc id="2869030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869030" title="ILIOS">
ILIOS

ILIOS is an acronym of InterLink Internet Operating System. It is an attempt to create a router-only operating system; one specifically oriented towards computer networking purposes, especially routing. It supports IPv4 routing and is a good educational OS, though it is single tasking and does everything via interrupts.
It is released under the BSD License. The author of this research OS is Rink Springer, who is also responsible for porting FreeBSD to the Xbox.

</doc>
<doc id="2869032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869032" title="Second Supreme Court of Canada Building">
Second Supreme Court of Canada Building

The old Supreme Court building sat to the west of Parliament Hill in Ottawa and was home to the Supreme Court of Canada from 1889 to 1945.
Prior to 1882, the Supreme Court conducted their business in various committee rooms on Parliament Hill, including the Railway Committee Room. The court finally got a permanent home within a decade of its creation.
The first building for the Supreme Court was built on Bank Street near Parliament. The design was considered quaint and was less elegant than other government buildings in Ottawa. Although similar in design to the West Block and the East Block, it was a more subdued modern Gothic Revival design. After the Supreme Court moved to its new site to the west of Parliament in 1949, this building was demolished in 1955 after it was condemned as a fire hazard. It is the only building on Parliament Hill to be demolished.
The site is currently a parking lot for Parliament Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="2869033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869033" title="Airds Bay">
Airds Bay

Airds Bay is a small bay south-west of Port Appin on the west coast of Scotland. It is located at the south-western end of Appin in Argyll and Bute, forming an inlet north of the mouth of Loch Creran. The bay looks out over the Lynn of Lorn, between Loch Linnhe and Loch Creran. Lorne MacLaine Campbell, recipient of the Victoria Cross, was from Airds.

</doc>
<doc id="2869035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869035" title="Common dab">
Common dab

The common dab ("Limanda limanda") is an edible flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is a demersal fish native to shallow seas around Northern Europe, in particular the North Sea, where it lives on sandy bottoms down to depths of about . It can reach in length and can weigh up to , though most specimens grow no longer than .
Taxonomy and nomenclature.
The etymology of the name "dab" is unclear, but the modern English use seems to originate from the Middle English "dabbe". It is first recorded in the late 16th century.
The common dab was first named "Pleuronectes limanda" by Carl Linnaeus in the 1758 10th edition of "Systema Naturae". It has also been moved to other genera, including "Liopsetta", and is now known as "Limanda limanda".
Identification.
The common dab has a similar appearance to both the plaice and the flounder, and similarly has both its eyes normally on the right-hand side of its body. The upper surface is usually pale brown in colour with scattered darker blotches and speckles, but does not have the orange spots typical of a plaice. The pectoral fins may be orange. The lateral line is marked by a distinctive semi-circular curve above the pectoral fin. The dorsal and anal fins form a gently rounded curve round the margin of the body. The scales have rough posterior edges and this fish has no large bony projections. A typical size is in the range .
Diet.
The common dab's diet consists of zoobenthos organisms such as marine worms, molluscs, sand eels, amphipods, crustaceans and echinoderms.
Distribution.
The common dab is found in coastal waters in the norteastern Atlantic Ocean. Its range extends from the Bay of Biscay to Iceland and the White Sea and includes the North Sea and the western part of the Baltic Sea.
Commercial fishing.
The dab is an abundant fish and until recently was mostly ignored as a commercial fish, with most dab only retained when they were caught as by-catch of other targeted species. However, the declining numbers of other food fish such as cod and haddock has seen dab become an increasingly important commercial species. They are now targeted by an increasing number of commercial vessels, especially in the North Sea. A number of high profile celebrity chefs such as Jamie Oliver have attempted to get people to eat more dab in order to take the pressure off the species of commercial fish which are currently heavily exploited.

</doc>
<doc id="2869036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869036" title="Airds of Kells">
Airds of Kells

Airds of Kells is a village in the parish of Kells, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.
Airds of Kells Wood is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest, notified in 1983. It has the largest remaining block of oak woodland in the Water of Ken/River Dee valley.

</doc>
<doc id="2869041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869041" title="Paul Humphreys">
Paul Humphreys

Paul David Humphreys (born 27 February 1960, in London) is a British musician and songwriter who serves as the keyboardist, backing vocalist and occasional lead vocalist of synthpop band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD). The pairing of Humphreys and co-founder Andy McCluskey remains the group's most recognized visual identifier, with both being regarded as pioneers of electronic music in the United Kingdom. John Doran in "The Quietus" remarked: "If, roughly speaking, McCluskey is the intellect and inquisitive nature in the group, then Humphreys is the heart."
Humphreys fulfilled his role from the group's inception in 1978 to his 1989 departure, seven years before their disbandment, and returned for their 2006 reformation. His songwriting contribution features on all of OMD's studio albums, save for 1991's "Sugar Tax". He performed lead vocals on several of the band's singles, including "Electricity" (in unison with McCluskey), "Souvenir", "Never Turn Away", "Secret" and "(Forever) Live and Die". A number of album tracks and B-sides were also sung by Humphreys. He became the frontman of now-defunct spin-off group The Listening Pool in 1989, and has been keyboardist for the band Onetwo since 2000.
Career.
OMD.
Humphreys grew up on the Wirral Peninsula in North West England, during which time he developed an interest in German electronic music such as Kraftwerk, Neu!, Can and La Düsseldorf. He was also influenced by the work of Brian Eno and early ambient styles of music. Humphreys joined a variety of bands in the mid-1970s but this was mostly defined by progrock and it wasn't until he met Andy McCluskey that they began their own musical experiments which culminated in a one-off gig as Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark at Eric's Club in Liverpool.
OMD became one of the leading bands in the synthpop movement, though they developed largely independently of other such as the Human League. OMD enjoyed considerable commercial success in Britain and Europe during the 1980s.
During his tenure in OMD, he was known for his skill at composing strong melodies, for instance in songs such as the UK hit single, "Souvenir" and "Stanlow". Although McCluskey was the lead singer for OMD, Humphreys did sing on a few tracks, most notably on "Promise", "Souvenir", "Secret" and "(Forever) Live and Die", some of which became hit singles. Humphreys was not a strong singer however and it took some time for his voice to develop. Humphreys was a quieter and more restrained individual than McCluskey and it was McCluskey who was the driving force in the band. The partnership worked effectively for some ten years. Humphreys once implied that they worked well together but that two Andys would kill each other and two Pauls wouldn't get much done.
In 1989, bored with the treadmill approach of trying to break America, and desiring to develop a more organic sound for OMD, Humphreys split from McCluskey along with fellow bandmembers Mal Holmes and Martin Cooper.
In 2005 McCluskey and Humphreys reunited OMD for a gig on German TV. They decided to reform OMD which McCluskey had continued with from 1989 until winding up the band in 1996 disillusioned by the prevalence of Britpop. 2007 finally saw the return of OMD in their classic line-up on stage and they have toured extensively since having received an enthusiastic and warm welcome. 2010 saw the release of Humphreys' first album with OMD for 24 years, titled "History of Modern". Humphreys writes and records in London.
The Listening Pool.
Humphreys continued to write and record with Holmes and Cooper under the name The Listening Pool. However this project did not meet with any commercial success, though an album, "Still Life", was released. The sound was less directly electronic than even later OMD and is in marked contrast to the later sound of Onetwo and the reformed OMD.
Onetwo.
In 1996 Humphreys began a songwriting collaboration with German musician Claudia Brücken, who was formerly the singer in the moderately successful 1980s band Propaganda. The pair live together in London and have begun recording and performing live under the name Onetwo.
Humphreys' instruments.
Humphreys' main instruments are electronic keyboards. With OMD, he made use of a wide range of these including the Korg m500 Micro Preset monophonic analog synthesizer, polyphonic analogue synthesizers such as the Sequential Circuits Prophet-5 and the Korg Trident, the electromechanical tape-sampling instrument known as the mellotron, electronic organs such as the Vox Continental, and digital sampling keyboards such as the E-mu Emulator and Fairlight CMI. Due to the restrictive nature of the equipment available to Humphreys and McCluskey they resorted to invention and innovation, which often defined their early sound. On the track 'Souvenir' (1981) Humphreys used recordings of a choir tuning up to create the ethereal and fluttery choral effects which gave the song its original sound
More recently he predominantly uses ProTools software and a series of soft-synths for recording and writing, and a Roland Fantom keyboard for live work, largely using it as a sampling keyboard to reproduce faithfully the original sounds. When recreating the original OMD sounds of the 1980s he had to resort to buying synthesisers off eBay.
Humphreys is a self-taught musician and in the first years of OMD he
built his own electronic sound making equipment. The group's first synthesiser, the Korg M-500 Micro Preset was purchased through a catalogue belonging to Andy McCluskey's mother.
Personal life.
He married Maureen in the early 1980s and they had a daughter named Madeline Humphreys who lives in Los Angeles and is an aspiring movie producer. It is believed that the Humphreys divorced in the 1990s. From the mid nineties, Humphreys lived with German musician Claudia Brücken, with whom he performed in Onetwo until they separated in March 2013. It is said in mass Murderer Elliot Rodger's unpublished mini autobiography 'My Twisted World' that Elliot and Madeline were childhood friends.

</doc>
<doc id="2869042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869042" title="Hicap">
Hicap

Hicap is a mobile technology developed by Nippon Telegraph and Telephone as a higher capacity alternative to their NTT mobile solution.
Hicap uses a 25 kHz carrier and utilizes FDMA to separate different calls from each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2869043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869043" title="Fitzroy Township, Ontario">
Fitzroy Township, Ontario

Fitzroy is an historic township originally part of Carleton County in eastern Ontario, Canada.
Fitzroy was located in the western part of the county, bordered to the northeast by Torbolton Township, to the southeast by Huntley Township, to the southwest by Pakenham Township and to the northwest by the Ottawa River.
The township was established in 1823. The first permanent settler is believed to have been Charles Shirreff around 1818. Shirreff founded the settlement of Fitzroy Harbour in 1831. The township was an important centre of the timber trade during the 19th century. In 1974, the township was amalgamated with Huntley and Torbolton to form West Carleton. In 2001, West Carleton became part of the new city of Ottawa.
Fitzroy took its name from Sir Charles Augustus FitzRoy, son-in-law to
Charles Lennox, 4th Duke of Richmond who was Governor General of British North America from 1818 to 1819.
According to the Canada 2011 Census, the Township had a population of 4,518.[http://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2011/dp-pd/prof/details/page.cfm?Lang=E&Geo1=CT&Code1=4512&Geo2=CMA&Code2=505&Data=Count&SearchText=&SearchType=Begins&SearchPR=01&B1=All&Custom=]
Villages within the township included:

</doc>
<doc id="2869044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869044" title="New Line (disambiguation)">
New Line (disambiguation)

New Line Cinema is one of the ten major Hollywood movie studios.
New Line may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2869053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869053" title="A.C. Lumezzane">
A.C. Lumezzane

Associazione Calcio Lumezzane is an Italian association football club, based in Lumezzane, Lombardy. The club currently plays in Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
History.
The club was founded in 1948. 
In the Serie C2 2007-08 regular season, Lumezzane finished fourth in Girone A, and qualified for the promotional playoffs. The team defeated third-placed Rodengo Saiano in the semi-finals, 2–1 on aggregate. In the finals, it defeated fifth-placed Mezzocorona because it was the higher classified team after the pair ended in a 0–0 aggregate tie, thus winning promotion to the now-called Lega Pro Prima Divisione for the 2008–09 season.
Mario Balotelli is the most notable ex-player. He now plays for A.C. Milan and Italy. On 26 November 2009, Lumezzane beat Atalanta Bergamo, a Serie A team, away from home, in the Coppa Italia, giving them one of the biggest victories in their history.
Colours and badge.
The colours of the team are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="2869055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869055" title="Empress Augusta Bay">
Empress Augusta Bay

Empress Augusta Bay is a major bay on the western side of the island of Bougainville, in Papua New Guinea, at . It is a major subsistence fishing area for the people of Bougainville. It is named after Augusta Viktoria of Schleswig-Holstein, wife of German Emperor William II.
In November 1943, the bay was the site of the Battle of Empress Augusta Bay, between Allied and Japanese forces. During the 1970s and 1980s the bay was seriously polluted by copper tailings from the world's largest copper mine, Panguna, operated by Rio Tinto Group. This issue contributed to the formation of the secessionist Bougainville Revolutionary Army and a civil war on the island between 1989 and 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="2869057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869057" title="Justice Building">
Justice Building

The Justice Building designed by Thomas W. Fuller in Ottawa is so-called because it was previously home to the Department of Justice (Canada). 
Originally called Block D, it was built from 1935 to 1938 for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP). It was renovated in 1998-2001 and now houses some of the offices of Members of Parliament.
It is similar in design to the Confederation Building located just east of it, which was also designed by Thomas W. Fuller.
In Ian Fleming's short story "For Your Eyes Only" James Bond visits the RCMP headquarters when it was located in this building, and the book contains a description of the structure.

</doc>
<doc id="2869058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869058" title="Airidh a' Bhruaich">
Airidh a' Bhruaich

Airidh a' Bhruaich (Arivruaich - anglicised) is a scattered crofting township in the South Lochs district of the isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. It lies at the head of the sea loch of Loch Seaforth.

</doc>
<doc id="2869061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869061" title="Oxford University Broadcasting Society">
Oxford University Broadcasting Society

The Oxford University Broadcasting Society (OUBS) was a student society at the University of Oxford, England. It covered radio and television broadcasting.
The officers include a President, Secretary, Treasure, Programme Coordinator, Technical Director, News Editor, Social Secretary, and two ordinary committee members. Equipment included a Uher 4000L portable tape recorder.
For some years, OUBS used the BBC Radio Oxford studio in Wellington Square, Oxford to produce radio programmes for Radio Oxford and the Oxford Hospital Broadcasting Association. It also used the studios at the Churchill Hospital, Oxford, home of the Oxford Hospitals Broadcasting Association, which ran a radio station known as Radio Cherwell.
Aubrey Singer, Controller of BBC2, spoke to the society in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="2869063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869063" title="Rupert Pennant-Rea">
Rupert Pennant-Rea

Rupert Lascelles Pennant-Rea (born 23 January 1948) is a British businessman, journalist, and former Deputy Governor of the Bank of England. The son of Peter and Pauline Pennant-Rea, he was educated at the Peterhouse School, an Anglican church boarding school near Marandellas, Rhodesia (now Marondera, Zimbabwe), before attending Trinity College, Dublin and Manchester University, where he received his M.A.
Career.
He joined the Bank of England in 1973 and remained until 1977, when he left to work for "The Economist" magazine. He was the magazine's editor from 1986 until 1993. Between 1993-95, he again joined the Bank of England as Deputy Governor of the bank, under the governorship of Edward George.
Pennant-Rea has been chairman of the British Stationery Office since its privatisation in 1996. In 1994 he became a member of the influential Washington-based financial advisory body, the Group of Thirty. He was a British American Tobacco director from 1998-2007.
He was Chairman of Henderson Group and a non- executive director of Go-Ahead Group, First Quantum, Gold Fields and Hotshild Mining.
Pennant-Rea was appointed as non-executive chairman in July 2009 of The Economist Group, having served as a non-executive director since August 2006. He is also Chairman of Royal London and a director of the Times Newspapers.
Pennant-Rea chairs the board of trustees for the UK's largest youth drama festival, the Shakespeare Schools Festival.
He has also written a series of books about economics and a novel, Gold Foil.

</doc>
<doc id="2869067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869067" title="Nasubi">
Nasubi

, better known as , is a Japanese comedian who was held up in an apartment for "Susunu! Denpa Shōnen" (January 1998 — March 2002), a Japanese reality television show on Nippon Television, after winning a lottery for a "show business related job". He was forced to enter mail-in sweepstakes until he won ¥1 million (about US$10,000) in total. He started with nothing (including no clothes), was cut off from outside communication and broadcasting, and had nothing to keep him company except magazines.
Nasubi lived in front of the camera, with only the possessions he won via the sweepstakes, and the stacks of postcards for entering the sweepstakes. Due to his nudity, an eggplant cartoon graphic was strategically utilized when Nasubi was standing on camera. "Nasubi" is the Japanese word for "eggplant"—the nickname was chosen due to his 30 cm long and bony face which slants like an Japanese eggplant.
Upon reaching his goal, he was clothed and blindfolded and taken to a surprise location. Nasubi happily went along believing he was going to get a special treat for his hard work. After they unblindfolded him, he found himself in South Korea where he was shown around town and taken to an apartment. He was once again stripped of his clothes and forced to enter sweepstakes, this time to win enough money to get back home. The entire ordeal lasted some 15 months, during which time the diaries on his experience being locked away from the outside world became a best seller in Japan.
Ironically, with the rigors he went through in order to become a famous comedian, Nasubi was unable to succeed in the TV variety world. Instead, he became a local talent in his native Fukushima as well as a dramatic stage actor, founding the stage troupe Eggplant Way, and performs across Japan. He has starred in "Densha Otoko", "Trick", "Atashinchi no Danshi", and recently portrayed the character Watcherman in "Kamen Rider W".

</doc>
<doc id="2869072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869072" title="Airieland">
Airieland

Airieland is a village in the Scottish council area of Dumfries and Galloway.

</doc>
<doc id="2869076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869076" title="Erotica (song)">
Erotica (song)

"Erotica" is a song by American singer-songwriter Madonna, from her fifth studio album of the same name (1992). It was was released as the lead single from the album on October 11, 1992 by Maverick Records. The song was later included on her greatest hits albums "GHV2" (2001) and "Celebration" (2009). The song was written by Madonna, Shep Pettibone and Anthony Shimkin, while production was handled by the first two. Musically, "Erotica" contains spoken word vocals, while it is an ode to S&M, with Madonna using a pseudonym called "Dita", inviting her lover to be passive and while she makes love to him and leads him to explore boundaries between pain and pleasure.
"Erotica" initially received mixed reviews from music critics; it was seen as a high point of innovation in Madonna's career, while others found it scary. The song debuted at number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming one of the highest debuts on the chart history at the time, eventually peaking at number three. Additionally, it became a success on the Hot Dance Club Play chart, reaching the top position. "Erotica" also found commercial success internationally, peaking in the top ten in several countries including Italy, Japan, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
The accompanying music video for the song was directed by fashion photographer Fabien Baron, and featured a masked Madonna in a dominatrix costume. It also featured celebrities such as Naomi Campbell and Big Daddy Kane. The video was highly controversial, being aired by MTV a total of three times, all of these after the 10pm watershed. Madonna performed "Erotica" as the opening song on The Girlie Show World Tour (1993). Years later, she performed the song as part of the Confessions Tour in 2006, including lyrics from the original demo of the song in the performance. In 2012, Madonna performed excerpts from the song during a medley of "Candy Shop" on the MDNA Tour.
Background.
In 1992, Madonna founded her own multi-media entertainment company, Maverick, consisting of a record company (Maverick Records), a film production company (Maverick Films), and associated music publishing, television broadcasting, book publishing and merchandising divisions. The deal was a joint venture with Time Warner and paid Madonna an advance of $60 million. As part of this deal Madonna released her fifth studio album, "Erotica", on October 20, 1992 and released the coffee table book, "Sex", one day later.
Shep Pettibone, co-producer of the song, said that "Erotica" was one of the first few songs that he and Madonna worked on for the album. He stated that when they first started working on the track he told Madonna that she needed to do something "bigger" than Madonna's previous single, "Vogue" (1990), to which Madonna responded "no matter how fierce something is, you can't ever do the same thing twice. Ever." According to Pettibone, he did the music for the song as Madonna wrote the lyrics. He added that that Madonna prefers to be in control of the writing process because "her songs are her stories. They're the things she wants to say." While they were mixing a song called "Erotic", which was included on her "Sex" book, Madonna felt that it should sound similarly as "Erotica", which would be included on the album of the same name. Pettibone reported:
"You have all these great stories in the book," I told her, "Why don't you use them in the song?" I knew that Madonna was developing a 1930s dominatrix look for Erotica, but I didn't realize how far she was willing to go before I saw Sex. It contained stories authored by her mysteriously dark alter, Dita. Madonna took the book and walked out of the room and didn't come back until about half an hour later. Suddenly she was on the mic, speaking in this very dry voice. "My name is Dita," she said, "and I'll be your mistress tonight." I knew that the original Erotica would never be the same again, and it wasn't. The chorus and bridge were changed entirely and the whole psyche of the song became sexier, more to the point. It seemed as if Dita brought out the best in her, actually serving as a vehicle for the dangerous territory she was traveling. Actually, it was the same name Madonna used when she'd stay in hotels around the world. Not anymore.
Composition.
"Erotica" was written by Madonna, Shep Pettibone, Anthony Shimkin, while produced by Madonna and Pettibone. "Erotica" continued Madonna's exploration of potent spoken-word vocals, as introduced in "Justify My Love" (1990). The song contains a sample of "Jungle Boogie" performed by Kool and the Gang. Another sample "El Yom 'Ulliqa 'Ala Khashaba" by Lebanese singer Fairuz was used without permission, which led to a lawsuit; this was settled out of court. It was composed using common time in the key of F-sharp minor, with a moderate tempo of 120 beats per minute. Madonna's vocals span from F3 to A4. The song also features maracas and "shimmering horn riffs". Yahoo! Music describes the song as being "very bass-driven and has the same seedy, sexual sound heard on "Justify My Love"".
According to Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine, the song is "an ode to S&M". The dance track begins with a "scratchiness" sound that mimics the sound of a record on a record player. Following this, Madonna says, "My name is Dita", as she invites her lover to be passive and childlike while she makes love to him and leads him to explore boundaries between pain and pleasure. Madonna's use of the pseudonym "Dita" in the song, as well as in her book "Sex" to reference to Dita Parlo, a German actress who was known for not caring what people thought. The song has suggestive lyrics, such as "Will you let yourself go wild/Let my mouth go where it wants to." Slant Magazine described the lyrics as being "taunting, aggressive—an elaborate exploration of sex, from seduction to disease."
A similar song titled "Erotic" was created during the "Erotica" album sessions exclusively to accompany the 1992 book "Sex". The song is a stripped-down version of "Erotica" and includes lyrics about rope, cages, and candles that not heard in "Erotica". According to author Georges-Claude Guilbert in his book "Madonna as Postmodern Myth", "Erotic" is a more hardcore version of "Erotica".
Critical reception.
"Erotica" received mixed reviews from music critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic highlighted the song as an album standout. Arion Berger from "Rolling Stone" commented, ""Erotica" [...] promisea smorgasbord of sexual experimentation, like the one portrayed in the video for "Justify My Love." But the sensibility of "Erotica" is miles removed from the warm come-ons of "Justify," which got its heat from privacy and romance [... The Madonna of "Erotica" is in no way interested in your dreams; she's after compliance". Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" commented that the "foggy growl" that Madonna uses in the spoken-word sections of the song "contrast dramatically with the shrill little-kid voice from Madonna's earliest records that she still often uses to project a bratty teen-age exuberance."
In 2011, Slant Magazine listed "Erotica" at number thirty-four on their list of the "Best Singles of the 1990s", stating that Madonna's "throaty" delivery throughout the song is effective in making the lyrics seem "incredibly honest.". The magazine goes on to say the song is Madonna's "invitation to the dance, a slithering, sinister snake rising from a gaudily ornate chalice. The beats are, by design, hypnotic—at once alluring and devious. With "Erotica," Madonna promises to get you off, but not without giving you something." Louis Virtel of The Backlot included the song at number eight on his list of "The 100 Greatest Madonna Songs", describing it as a "hot, smutty grind of a dance anthem." Virtel added that Madonna sells the double entendre of "Erotica" like a "primed burlesque mistress." Scott Kearnan of Boston.com included the track at number 6 on his list of "30 Best Madonna Songs," commenting that "no pop star of her fame has been this sexually transgressive before or since...Rihanna sings about “S&M” like it’s a song about My Little Pony, but Madonna dishes on pain, pleasure, and power with the conviction of a whip crack." David Browne from "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a more unfavorable review, describing it as "depressingly trite — that between its frigid melody and your scary "My name is Dita" spoken bits [...]."
Chart performance.
On October 17, 1992 "Erotica" debuted at number 13 in the United States, which at the time of its release placed Madonna in a fifth place tie with Mariah Carey's "I'll Be There" as the highest debut for a song in "Billboard" Hot 100 chart history. It skyrocketed to its peak of number three the following chart week and charted for a total of 18 weeks. "Erotica" also made the highest debut in the history of the Hot 100 Airplay chart, entering at its peak position of number two, and it also reached number one on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play and number four on the Hot 100 Singles Sales charts. The song was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on December 10, 1992.
Internationally, "Erotica" became another big hit for Madonna, hitting the top five in many markets including Australia, Ireland, Spain, and Sweden, and topping the charts in Italy. In the United Kingdom, Erotica debuted at number 11 on October 17, 1992. Two weeks later it reached its peak of number three. According to the Official Charts Company it has sold 270,000 in the United Kingdom as of 2008. It also topped the European Hot 100 Singles for three consecutive weeks, becoming her eighth number one hit in Europe.
Music video.
The music video for "Erotica" was directed by fashion photographer Fabien Baron. The footage of Madonna lip-synching the song in her S&M dominatrix costume was filmed on August 22, 1992 at The Kitchen in New York City, while the rest of the footage for the video was shot during the New York photo sessions for her book "Sex". Celebrities like Naomi Campbell, Isabella Rossellini, and Big Daddy Kane appeared in the music video for "Erotica" and also in the "Sex" book. In order to imitate the look of old home-made movies, the entire video was shot with Super 8 film. It premiered on MTV on October 2, 1992. The "virtual advertisement" for "Sex" was described by "The Washington Post":
"In the video, Madonna becomes Dita Parlo, a masked, gold-toothed dominatrix from an indeterminate age, ready to help us cross the street at the corner of Pleasure and Pain [...] assuming different dominatrix roles and investigating assorted bondage scenarios before finishing up with some nude hitchhiking on a street remarkable free of file-ups. Shot in grainy black and white, 'Erotica' has the feel of a stag film, though its quick cuts keep the viewer from seeing all that much".
The music video for "Erotica" was aired by MTV a total of three times, all of these after the 10pm watershed, due to its highly charged sexual content, before being banned and eventually becoming Madonna's second video to be banned from airing by that channel, after "Justify My Love" in 1990. MTV spokeswoman Linda Alexander said, "The themes of the video are clearly aimed at a more adult audience. It is not appropriate for a general viewing audience". During an interview on MTV in 1992, Madonna defended the video as she stated that the music video is a "fantasy". She continued, "The whole video is a fantasy, my book is a fantasy." In the same interview, Madonna was asked about the banning from MTV and said: "MTV plays to a huge audience, and a lot of them are children, and a lot of themes I'm exploring in my videos aren't meant for children, so I understand that they say I can't show it," but she said, "I'm not saying 'Oh, I don't need you any more, screw off' [...] it's not like that at all [...] and I accept it". BBC also edited three minutes of the video, from its seven. "Entertainment Tonight" also reported that Madonna herself had initiated the mayhem with the explicit content in the music video for "Erotica", walking bare breasted at designer Jean Paul Gaultier's fashion show and posing nude in "Vanity Fair" magazine.
The video was nominated for the 1993 Billie Awards four times, the most for a single entry. The video was ranked at number 16 on VH1's "50 Sexiest Video Moments". In 2010, Isabella Rossellini criticized the "Sex" book, which was also shown in the music video for "Erotica" while talking to "Out" magazine, "I don't think the book worked, even though the photos were extraordinary, and some of them quite memorable. I think [it was a little bit [...] moralistic, sort of 'I'll teach you how to be free!'–and that bothered the hell out of me."
Live performances.
Madonna performed "Erotica" as the opening song on The Girlie Show World Tour (1993). The show opened with a topless dancer slithering down a metal pole that was dangling high above the stage. Then Madonna emerged onto the stage, dressed as a black-masked dominatrix to perform "Erotica". According to Stuart Lenig in his book "The Twisted Tale of Glam Rock", the song had a "lush, clubby orchestration," and during the performance Madonna rubbed a riding crop between her legs as her backup dancers "posed and danced suggestively." When reviewing the performance, John Pareles from "The New York Times" commented that "through her own achievement, or her own fault, the shock value has abated...and when her dance troupe acts out the suggestions in her songs, like the ethereal 'Put your hands all over my body' in 'Erotica', the choreography suggests exercises rather than unbridled passion."
In 2006, Madonna performed the song on the Confessions Tour. The performance included additional lyrics from the original demo, which were not included in the final version of the song. BBC's Tom Young commented that on the Confessions Tour "Erotica" is "put through the disco processor with spectacular results." Don Chareunsy from "The San Diego Union-Tribune" commented that the performance included "odd dance-school-class choreography." In one of the most talked about sections of Madonna's 2012 MDNA Tour in 2012, Madonna performed excerpts from the song during a medley performance which also included her song "Candy Shop" and a sample of alternative dance vocalist and producer Kelley Polar's song "Ashamed of Myself." Jim Farber of "The New York Daily News" gave a positive review of the medley, stating that the "Candy Shop" song was "inventively toughened up."
Cover versions and parodies.
In 1992, the Fox sketch comedy series "In Living Color" spoofed the video for "Erotica". The title of the video spoof was "Neurotica." In sketch comedy show "The Edge" from the same network, cast member Julie Brown spoofed the "Sex" book as well as the "Erotica" music video. When comedian Sandra Bernhard's one-woman show "Giving Til It Hurts" came to New York in November 1992, she did a short spoof of the song, called "Neurotica," about a woman who obsessively cleans house.
"The Village Voice" columnist Michael Musto also recreated the nude hitchhiking scene from the "Sex" book and "Erotica" music video on the streets of Jersey City. The newspaper sold the posters of the photo for $5-profits went to the Community Research Initiative on AIDS in New York. Additionally, the 2000 compilation "Virgin Voices: A Tribute To Madonna, Vol. 2" features a cover by Razed in Black vs. Transmutator.
Track listings.
Major formats released for "Erotica":

</doc>
<doc id="2869080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869080" title="Biblical genre">
Biblical genre

A Biblical genre is a classification of Bible literature according to literary genre. The genre of a particular Bible passage is ordinarily identified by analysis of its general writing style, tone, form, structure, literary technique, content, design, and related linguistic factors; texts that exhibit a common set of literary features (very often in keeping with the writing styles of the times in which they were written) are together considered to be belonging to a genre. In Biblical studies, genres are usually associated with whole books of the Bible, because each of its books comprises a complete textual unit; however, a book may be internally composed of a variety of styles, forms, and so forth, and thus bear the characteristics of more than one genre (for example, chapter 1 of the Book of Revelation is prophetic/visionary; chapters 2 and 3 are similar to the epistle genre; etc.).
Within the discipline of literary analysis, the existence and subjectivity of genres is a matter of some debate. This is reflected to a lesser degree in academic discussion of Biblical genres. However, isolating the broad genres of the Bible and discerning which books/passages belong to which genre is not a matter of complete agreement; for instance, scholars diverge over the existence and features of such Bible genres as gospel and apocalyptic. Furthermore, some detect subgenres—more narrowly defined compositional categories within a genre—in surrounding historical literature, and speculate that certain books and passages of the Bible may be better denominated by subgenre (e.g., it may be claimed that the book of Philemon is not simply a generic letter, but a "personal" letter). Despite such differences of opinion within the community of Bible scholars, the majority acknowledge that the concept of genre and subgenre can be useful in the study of the Bible as a guide to the tone and interpretation of the text.
By way of literary comparison with the Bible, the Qur'an is claimed to be a recitation by Allah to the prophet Muhammed in didactic form, and so does not have the degree of genre diversity that is evidenced in the Bible; although there is a difference in style and themes between the Meccan surrahs and the Medinan surrahs when Muhammed moved from Mecca to Medina. In contrast, the Bible is claimed to be inspired by God and organically written and compiled by many authors over a very long period of time, and so takes a wide variety of forms.
Genres in the Bible.
Among the generally recognized genres and categorizations of the Bible are the following (note that other systems and classifications have also been advanced):

</doc>
<doc id="2869082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869082" title="Airlie">
Airlie

Airlie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2869087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869087" title="Airlie, Angus">
Airlie, Angus

Airlie () is a civil parish in the Scottish council area of Angus. It is the seat of the Earl of Airlie, and the location of Airlie Castle. It comprises Craigton of Airlie, Baitland of Airlie and Kirkton of Airlie. There is a standing stone in a field just east of the Baitland; various Pictish and Roman relics (stone coffins etc.) have been uncovered and the primary school is reputed to have been built on the site of an old graveyard. Airlie also contains one of the finest examples of a Pictish souterrain in Scotland, with the carving of a snake clearly visible in the ceiling.
Airlie Castle is not currently open to the public, however it is remembered in the song 'The Bonnie Hoose o' Airlie' which is mentioned in Robert Louis Stevenson's novel "Kidnapped". The song commemorates the burning of the castle (some of the stonework is still black) by the Earl of Argyll, claiming to act on behalf of the anti-royalists, while the earl was away fighting for the Jacobite cause. However, it is also claimed that Forter Castle in Glen Isla was the "bonnie hoose" destroyed in 1640.

</doc>
<doc id="2869093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869093" title="Kalamaki">
Kalamaki

Kalamaki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2869097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869097" title="Roe Highway">
Roe Highway

Roe Highway is a 35 kilometre limited access highway and partial freeway in the south-eastern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, linking Middle Swan in the north-east with Bibra Lake in the south-west. It is primarily allocated State Route 3 and forms half of Perth's outer ring road along with Reid Highway, which it joins onto at its northern terminus.
The highway is one of the key heavy vehicle routes in the Perth metropolitan area. Aside from intersections, the speed limit is 100 km/h for most of its length. 20 kilometres of the highway, in between Kwinana Freeway and Tonkin Highway, is a continuous freeway, with grade-separated interchanges and free traffic flow. The rest of the highway is the standard of Perth's major highways; limited access, with few grade separations and traffic lights.
Roe Highway is multiplexed with National Highway 94 from Great Eastern Highway Bypass to Great Eastern Highway, and also National Highway 95 from Great Eastern Highway to Great Northern Highway.
History.
Roe Highway was first proposed in 1955 by Gordon Stephenson as part of what was to become the Metropolitan Region Planning Scheme. It is named in honour of John Septimus Roe, first Surveyor General of Western Australia.
Work began in 1981, with the first section between the Beechboro-Gosnells Highway and Bushmead Road opening in 1983. The next section, from Bushmead Road to Great Eastern Highway was opened in 1984. The third stage, linking Great Eastern Highway and Great Northern Highway opened in 1988, at the same time as the Great Eastern Highway Bypass opened. The new roads provided a limited access dual carriageway bypass of the historical Guildford and Midland districts that was much needed at the time.
In 1994, the highway was extended 2 km further southwards from Tonkin Highway to Welshpool Road. Following 7 years in hiatus, work recommenced, and in 2001 a new 4 km southwestern extension known as stage 4 was completed from Welshpool Road to the purpose-built Kenwick Link (an Albany Highway bypass built in 1998) - most of which replaced the overtaxed William Street in Beckenham. Work on the 3 km long stage 5 was undertaken simultaneously with stage 4, bringing the highway to Nicholson Road in 2002.
Stage 6, a 5 km extension from Nicholson Road to South Street was completed in 2004, with stage 7 being announced shortly afterwards. The 5 km stage 7 extension from South Street to Kwinana Freeway was completed in 2006, and represents the highway's current southwestern terminus.
The 19 km of road built since 1994 between Tonkin Highway and Kwinana Freeway, is to a freeway standard. It may in the future be upgraded to a freeway classification.
In June 2012, the new grade separated interchange opened at the Great Eastern Highway intersection, allowing free flowing traffic on Roe Highway over Great Eastern Highway. The design includes a northbound to eastbound loop ramp to cater for heavy vehicles, and three pedestrian underpasses.
Stage 8 / Fremantle Eastern Bypass.
In the 1950s, Stephenson planned for Roe Highway to continue westwards from its present terminus at Kwinana Freeway towards Fremantle, through South Fremantle along Marine Terrace and then north to connect with Stirling Highway and the Port of Fremantle. As part of the plan, in 1974 Stirling Highway was extended from its then terminus north of the Swan River southwards to Canning Highway.
A narrow 4 km strip of land immediately south of this intersection was proclaimed for further road construction, but as it was not part of the original Stephenson Plan it was occupied by housing built before the time of Stephenson. Over a period of approximately 20 years, Main Roads Western Australia procured most of the land in question for the future road. In 1985, the first kilometre of this road was constructed, which extended Stirling Highway southwards from Canning Highway to Leach Highway (known as High Street west of Carrington Street). The remaining 3 km strip of land south of High Street then became known as the Fremantle Eastern Bypass.
At the southern end of the proposed Fremantle Eastern Bypass, an 8 km east-west road reservation was proclaimed. This became known as Roe Highway stage 8. This land however was lightly built up and much of it remained as urban bushland throughout the late 20th century. The Roe Highway stage 8 reservation was intended to be the final link of a major urban ring-road, as originally envisioned by Stephenson.
However, there were problems with the proposed link, a product of the changes made by governments since Stephenson's original plan. This included the deletion of the original inner Fremantle section and the proclaiming of the Fremantle Eastern Bypass. Some residents of Fremantle strongly objected to the proposed 4-lane dual carriageway Fremantle Eastern Bypass, claiming it would divide the area, damage urban woodland and impact on 3 nearby schools. Also, the proposed Roe Highway stage 8 would cut between North Lake and Bibra Lake, a location considered of high environmental value as a wetlands. The Environmental Protection Authority in its report on the proposed Roe Highway Stage 8 confirmed the high conservation status of the Beeliar Wetlands and the negative impacts a highway would have on the wetlands.
With a change of state governments in 2001, the planned Fremantle Eastern Bypass / Roe Highway stage 8 was cancelled, with a commitment by the government to sell the land reserved for the Fremantle Eastern Bypass. In doing this, the government put forward a '6-point plan' to cope with the anticipated growth of heavy vehicle traffic in and out of the Port of Fremantle, which included plans for better usage of rail, more efficient usage of trucks and a new deepwater container port near Rockingham. As promised, the Fremantle Eastern Bypass land was sold for a total of $17 million. These funds were then spent on a new grade separated interchange at the intersection of Leach Highway and Orrong Road in Welshpool.
During the period for public submissions on the planned cancellation and sell-off, City of Melville residents opposed the plan as the proposed Fremantle Eastern Bypass / Roe Highway stage 8 would have removed most trucks from Leach Highway, which, although classified as a state highway, travels through a number of residential suburbs. On the other hand the move was generally supported by Fremantle residents including the local MP, and also those concerned by the potential negative impact the proposed road would have on Bibra Lake wetlands.
As part of the funding arrangement for Roe Highway stages 6 and 7, the federal government, which provided some of the funding for those two stages, has stipulated that the Roe Highway stage 8 reservation is to be retained.
Following a change in state governments in September 2008, planning work has now commenced on an extension of the Roe Highway from Kwinana Freeway to Stock Road. Parliamentary debate was continuing in 2012 as the state government continued its intention to implement the plan.
Route description.
Most junctions on the highway are grade separated diamond interchanges south-west of Tonkin Highway, and at-grade traffic light controlled intersections to the north-east of Tonkin Highway. The exceptions are at: Great Eastern Highway, a modified diamond interchange with a northbound to eastbound loop ramp; Clayton Street and Maida Vale Road, which are grade separated, but with only northbound exit and southbound entry ramps; Berkshire Road (West), a T junction not controlled by traffic lights; Chrisholm Crescent, an uncontrolled left-in/left-out T junction; and the terminus at Kwinana Freeway, a trumpet interchange. There is a diamond interchange at Tonkin Highway, with the free flowing traffic on Tonkin Highway, and traffic light controlled intersections on Roe Highway at the entry and exit ramps.
Interchanges and intersections.
The entire highway is located in the Perth Metropolitan Region.

</doc>
<doc id="2869098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869098" title="Barney and the Backyard Gang">
Barney and the Backyard Gang

Barney & the Backyard Gang is a direct-to-video series produced by The Lyons Group and was produced from October 13, 1988 to October 20, 1991. This series launched the stardom of the PBS television show "Barney & Friends".
The first three episodes from 1988 and 1989 include American actress Sandy Duncan as Michael and Amy's Mother. Music for the "Barney & the Backyard Gang" videos was created by Stephen Bates Baltes and Phillip Parker (as with the television series), and Lory Lazarus wrote the first original song produced for Barney, "Friends Are Forever", sung by Sandy Duncan. In the first five videos, "I Love You" was sung at the beginning. (It was sung at the end of "Barney Goes to School" and "Barney in Concert", and later frequently sung only at the end of "Barney & Friends".)
The series was a regional success, but only a moderate success throughout the rest of the country. Then one day, in 1991, Larry Rifkin, then head of Connecticut Public Television, rented a Barney video for his daughter Leora. He liked the concept and talked to Leach about possibly putting Barney on television through the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). "Rock with Barney" was the last video in the series before the television show debuted. Also, only four of the kids from the videos (Michael, Derek, Tina, and Luci) were carried over to the television show.
Video list.
In order of release date:

</doc>
<doc id="2869099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869099" title="Bye Bye Baby (Madonna song)">
Bye Bye Baby (Madonna song)

"Bye Bye Baby" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Madonna, for her fifth studio album "Erotica" (1992). It was released on November 15, 1993, as the sixth and final single from the album. "Bye Bye Baby" was written by Madonna, Shep Pettibone, and Anthony Shimkin and was produced by Madonna and Pettibone. The song is inspired by Madonna's emotions of that time and her S&M thoughts. Musically, it is a hip hop song, sampling a hook from LL Cool J's track "Jingling Baby", released in 1990. Madonna's vocals were filtered to make them appear as sound coming out from an antique radio. "Bye Bye Baby" features instrumentation from keyboard and lyrically finds Madonna asking questions to a lover she is about to abandon.
"Bye Bye Baby" received mixed reviews from music critics, who complimented the composition and lyrics, but were disappointed with Madonna's vocal delivery. The song received limited release worldwide, peaking at number seven in Italy, and also charting in Australia, New Zealand and Switzerland. Madonna performed "Bye Bye Baby" on the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards and on her Girlie Show World Tour the same year. For both performances, she was dressed as a Victorian gentleman in tailcoat and top hat. She and her backup singers danced with three scantily clad women in a brothel-style setting, while singing the song. Critics and authors noted the gender bending and role play in the performance, and found it to be a response to misogyny.
Background and remixes.
After the completion of filming "A League of Their Own", Madonna began working on her fifth studio album "Erotica" with Shep Pettibone. The singer was feeling miserable after a string of failed relationships, and she vented out the frustration and depression in her music. According to Lucy O'Brien, author of "", there were no "sugar-coated" songs on the album, most of which dealt with Madonna's emotions. She appropriated a dominatrix persona called Dita, and the songwriting for the album, as well as the imagery in the coffee table book "Sex", reflected her S&M thoughts. "Bye Bye Baby" was one such song written, dealing with strong emotions.
The release of "Bye Bye Baby" in Australia on November 15, 1993, coincided with Madonna's Australian leg of her Girlie Show World Tour. The single release of the song was accompanied by remixes, which did not vary much from the album version. Some of them have additional beats and horn sounds thrown into the original mix. In his review of the single, Jose F. Promis from AllMusic expressed that the album version was the best, and the "Madonna's Night on the Club" remix featured "swirling organs and guitar effects" set against an early-1990s house beat, making it the most interesting of the bunch.
Recording and composition.
"Bye Bye Baby" was written by Madonna, Shep Pettibone and Anthony Shimkin and was produced by Madonna and Pettibone. The song was recorded at Sound Works Studios in Astoria, New York, and samples a hook from LL Cool J's single, "Jingling Baby" (1990). Pettibone also did the sequencing, the keyboard arrangement and the programming for the track with Shimkin. Dennis Mitchell and Robin Hancock were the recording engineers for the track while George Karras was the mixing engineer. Ted Jensen did the mastering for the song with Mark Goodman as assistant engineer. Background vocals were provided by Niki Haris and Donna DeLory. For "Bye Bye Baby", Madonna and Pettibone wanted a 1940s theme, which would make the vocals sound as if they were coming out of an antique radio. In order to achieve that, they used a Pultec HLF filter. Shimkin recalled that the vocals for "Bye Bye Baby" were from the first take. He added that the filtered vocal effect were applied during recording and played with while Madonna was in front of the microphone singing.
"Bye Bye Baby" is a hip hop and dance song which begins with the declaration, "This is not a love song". A low bass is heard against a high-pitched 1960s keyboard sound. Madonna's vocals were attenuated to sound much thinner with more treble. Guitar sounds are spread throughout occasionally with shouting voices being heard in the background. The song ends with the sound of an explosion. Madonna's filtered voice sounds like an answering machine; the final line, "You fucked it up", is bleeped out like the machine's end-of-message tone. According to the sheet music published by Alfred Publishing Inc., the song is set in the time signature of common time with a fast tempo of 120 beats per minute. It is composed in the key of F minor, with Madonna's voice in a high register, spanning between F3 to A4. The song has a basic sequence of G–B–G–D–G–Dm as its chord progression.
In the song, lyrically Madonna asks questions for a lover she is about to abandon: "Does it make you feel good to see me cry? I think it does", she affirms. The lyric "I'd like to hurt you" was compared to that of Madonna's previous single "Erotica", where she said: "I only hurt the ones I love". Richard Harrington from "The Washington Post" noted that Madonna used a "sonically filtered, detached and slightly taunting voice to talk about taking control rather than exacting revenge on a domineering, mind-game-playing partner" in the song. Regarding the lyrics, Chris Willman from "Los Angeles Times" called "Bye Bye Baby" a "brushoff song".
Critical response.
"Bye Bye Baby" received mostly mixed reviews from critics. Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" described it as "sly, spunky". J. D. Considine from "The Baltimore Sun" praised "Bye Bye Baby" by saying: "It's when and her co-producers push beyond the expected – as with the dense, gimmicky groove of "Bye Bye Baby" [... the album really heats up, providing a sound that is body-conscious in the best sense of the term." John Myers from Yahoo! Voices stated that the song is "simply irresistible" to not listen to. David Browne from "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that Madonna was "honest" in the song. Louis Virtel of The Backlot included the song on his list of "The 100 Greatest Madonna Songs", describing its composition as "a hip-hop kiss-off with cabaret flair." Michael R. Smith from The Daily Vault found the track to be "defiant" and "in-your-face". He realized that Madonna directed the lyrics to her past relationships with actor Warren Beatty and comedienne Sandra Bernhard.
Arion Berger from "Rolling Stone" noticed the story line of Madonna "dumping" her lover in the song, but felt that her vocals were "infantile" and her delivery was "flat". He added that her signing did not sound "assertive" and that " could be a drag queen toying with a pop hit of the past." Rikky Rooksby, author of "The Complete Guide to the Music of Madonna", felt that the "aggressive" lyrics and the profanity at the end of the song, did not suit the erotic vibe of the album, "and strengthens the air of narcissism and calculation". O'Brien noticed Madonna's vocals as cool and minimal, but sounding "flat". She criticized the dance beat of the song for being "barely discernible" adding that Madonna sounds "like she is either not fully concentrating, or doesn't have many resources to draw on – what alternative healers would call 'scattered chi', a depleted life force."
Chart performance.
"Bye Bye Baby" received limited release, being officially released in Australasia, Germany and Japan. However, it peaked at number seven on the Italian Singles Chart despite not being officially released as a single in that country. It became the fifth single from the "Erotica" album to place within the top 10 there. On November 25, 1993, "Bye Bye Baby" debuted at number 39 on the Swiss Hitparade chart, and after three weeks it rose to its peak of number 28, before dropping off the chart. On December 5, 1993, the song debuted on the Australian Singles Chart at number 31. The next week it peaked at number 15 on the chart. On February 6, 1994, after eight weeks, it fell off the chart. "Bye Bye Baby" entered the New Zealand charts at number 49 the chart week of November 25, 1993, but fell off the chart the following week. It re-entered the chart week of January 23, 1994, ultimately peaking at number 43.
Live performances.
On September 2, 1993, Madonna opened the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards performing "Bye Bye Baby". She cavorted on stage with three scantily clad women in a brothel-style setting, dressed in tuxedos and top hats, in a choreographed, highly sexual routine. According to choreographer Alex Magno, he wanted to do "Justify My Love" or "The Beast Within" on MTV, but Madonna decided that they might be too controversial for live television and abandoned the idea. Nevertheless, "Bye Bye Baby" was chosen and performed with the choreography they had been practicing for The Girlie Show World Tour, since it represented the whole idea behind the tour. Louis Virtel from The Backlot ranked the performance at number eight on a list for "Madonna's 11 Greatest VMA Moments". He praised Madonna's rendition of the song at the Video Music Awards, calling it "a hell of a VMA performance" and a "killer cinematic throwback".
The performance of the song on the Girlie Show tour featured Madonna and her backup singers, DeLory and Haris, dressed as Victorian gentlemen in masculine outfits, including top hats and tailcoat. The whole ensemble was an homage to actress Marlene Dietrich in the 1930 American romance drama film "Morocco", with the singer carrying a cane in her hands. The main inspiration behind this segment was 1900s showgirls and Japanese all-female cross dressing dance company, Takarazuka Revue. Madonna transformed her voice into that of a circus ringmaster, introducing the arrival of three female strip-club dancers. A voice-alteration similar to the single was used in the performance. The dance routine revolved around three chairs. The female strippers seduced Madonna and the backup singers, by rubbing against them, holding sexual poses and dominated them, before they took control again. The performance on the November 19, 1993 show at Sydney Cricket Ground was recorded and released on VHS and Laserdisc on April 26, 1994, as "".
Brett Beemyn noted in his book "Queer Studies" that Madonna was expanding on the characteristic butch and femme portrayal with the performance. He added that on a mere glance the performance might appear to be a "typical provoking one" from the singer, but underlying it was a "more complex queer perspective". The butch roles are played by white and African-American women, while the strippers were played by Asian-American women. There are simulations of masturbation and sexual penetration in the performance, while the butch females control the femmes. Beemyn concluded by saying that "the fact that Madonna chose Asian-American women as the femmes reinforces stereotypes of Asian women as the passive, exotic, and feminine 'other'. It also mocks the fact Asian women have been exploited as 'comfort girls' for American servicemen, therefore, Madonna made a statement against male chauvinism, in her queer way." For Gerry Bloustien, author of "Girl Making", the performances of both "Bye Bye Baby" and "Like a Virgin" on the tour emphasized the "blurring of gender and representation".
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from "Erotica" album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="2869105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869105" title="Airntully">
Airntully

Airntully is a village in the Scottish council area of Perth and Kinross, which is to the west of the River Tay, 8 miles (11 km) north of Perth. In the 18th Century, it thrived on cottage weaving. It has a relatively unspoilt charm today, the anonymous writer of the Statistical Account of the Parish of Kinclaven in the 1790s was impressed by the state of the village, commenting that "The county of Perth, were it possessed of no other spot of a similar description, should allow Arntully to remain in its present state, that a proper contrast might be drawn, between a neat modern village, and one upon the old construction"

</doc>
<doc id="2869113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869113" title="Dean Wendt">
Dean Wendt

Dean Alan Wendt (born February 17, 1968 in Elgin, Illinois) is an American voice actor best known as the voice of Barney on the hit children's show "Barney & Friends".
Dean Wendt was a co founder/creator and Disc jockey on Radio Disney from 1994-1999 Season 4-11, but left the company in order to dedicate his time to voicing Barney the Dinosaur after Bob West was replaced in 1998.
His voice has appeared in various other Barney media, such as concert tours around the world. He has appeared in such shows as Barney's Colorful World and Barney Live The Let's Go Tour. He has also appeared in over 100 TV shows and over 25 videos.

</doc>
<doc id="2869115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869115" title="Inside Out Music">
Inside Out Music

Inside Out Music is a German independent record label originally based in Kleve, North Rhine-Westphalia, and dedicated to the publication of progressive rock, progressive metal and related styles. In 2009, it formed a partnership with Century Media Records and moved its base of operations to Dortmund, also in North Rhine-Westphalia
History.
The label was founded in 1996 by Thomas Waber and started its publications re-issuing for Europe the albums of new American prog metal acts like Symphony X and Shadow Gallery and then signing important prog artists like Steve Hackett. Inside Out signed a worldwide distribution contract with the German music company SPV and branched out with the American division InsideOut US, based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. In 2009 SPV had to file for bankruptcy, and Inside Out partnered up with Century Media Records, which had secured a worldwide distribution contract with EMI.
Several important bands of the new school of progressive rock are signed to Inside Out, including The Flower Kings, Spock's Beard, Enchant, Pain of Salvation, Riverside and The Safety Fire. In addition, the label established links to other scene-relevant bands, issuing the solo albums of Dream Theater vocalist James La Brie and Mike Portnoy's side projects.
For some time, Inside Out also published under the sub-label Revisited Records digitally reworked re-releases of albums from the Krautrock era, for example, from the band Kraan.
The surrounding area of the label headquarters has often served as inspiration for the album art. For example, the dispenser of Spock's Beard "Octane" cover is in Kleve as is the lake on Threshold's "Subsurface" cover.
A characteristic feature for the labels releases is the lavish publication work. Several albums appear in special editions, containing extensive bonus materials such as bonus tracks, extended artwork and/or multimedia segments.
The label's founder, Thomas Waber, won the "Guiding Light" award at the 2013 Progressive Music Awards.
Artists.
Revisited Records label.
This label specializes in the reissue of selected Krautrock and electronic pioneers, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2869125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869125" title="List of state leaders in 252">
List of state leaders in 252


</doc>
<doc id="2869132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869132" title="Dennis Shere">
Dennis Shere

Dennis Shere is the author of two books. In August, 2005, he wrote "Cain's Redemption", a book about the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola. In November, 2010, he wrote "The Last Meal -- Defending an Accused Mass Murderer," (TitleTown Publishing, Green Bay), the story of the murder of seven fast food workers, and the arrest and conviction of one of the two young men charged with the crime. "The Last Meal" is written from the perspective of the defense attorneys who represented Juan Luna, who is now serving a life sentence in an Illinois prison. Shere was one of a team of attorneys who presented Luna in the case. 
A native of Cleveland, OH, Shere graduated from Ohio University in the early 1960s with bachelor's and master's degrees in journalism. He has served as publisher of the "Dayton Daily News" in Dayton, OH, and as general manager of Moody Bible Institute's media operations in Chicago, IL.
In 2000, Shere chose to pursue a lifelong dream of attending law school. He graduated from the DePaul University College of Law in Chicago and passed the Illinois bar in the fall of 2003. He formerly served as an assistant public defender in Kane County, IL.

</doc>
<doc id="2869134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869134" title="Airor">
Airor

Airor is a hamlet in the peninsula of Knoydart, Lochaber, Highland, on the west coast of Scotland.
It is situated on the north-west coast of Knoydart, and consists of a few houses clustered round Airor Bay, as well as several pre-clearance ruins. The settlement overlooks the Sound of Sleat and the Isle of Skye.

</doc>
<doc id="2869136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869136" title="Operation Gibraltar">
Operation Gibraltar

Operation Gibraltar was the codename given to the strategy of Pakistan to infiltrate Jammu and Kashmir, a disputed state between India and Pakistan, and start a rebellion against disputed Indian rule. Launched in August 1965, Pakistan Army's 50th Airborne paratroopers and Pakistan Army's guerrillas, disguised as locals, entered Jammu and Kashmir from Pakistan with the intention of fomenting an insurgency among Kashmiri Muslims. However, the strategy went awry from the outset as it was not well-coordinated and the infiltrators were soon found. 
The operation was a significant one as it sparked a large scale military engagement between the two neighbours, the first since the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947. Its success, as envisaged by its Pakistani planners, could have given Pakistan control over a unified Kashmir; something that Pakistan desired to achieve at the earliest opportunity. 
Background.
Following the First Kashmir War which saw India claiming two-third of Kashmir, Pakistan sought an opportunity to win remaining Kashmir areas. The opening came after the Sino-Indian War in 1962 after India's war with the China and as a result the Indian Military was undergoing massive changes both in personnel and equipment. During this period, despite being numerically smaller than the Indian Military, Pakistan's armed forces had a qualitative edge in air power and armour over India, which Pakistan sought to utilise before India completed its defence build-up. The Rann of Kutch episode in the summer of 1965, where Indian and Pakistani forces clashed, resulted in some positives for Pakistan. Moreover, in December 1963, the disappearance of a holy relic from the Hazratbal shrine in Srinagar, created turmoil and intense Islamic feeling among Muslims in the valley, which was viewed by Pakistan as ideal for revolt. These factors bolstered the Pakistani command's thinking: that the use of covert methods followed by the threat of an all out war would force a resolution in Kashmir. Assuming that a weakened Indian military would not respond, Pakistan chose to send in "mujahideens" and Pakistan Army regulars into Jammu and Kashmir.
The original plan for the operation, codenamed Gibraltar, was prepared as early as the 1950s; however it seemed appropriate to push this plan forward given the scenario. Backed by then foreign minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and others, the aim was an "attack by infiltration" by a specially trained irregular force of some 40,000 men, highly motivated and well armed. It was reasoned that the conflict could be confined only to Kashmir. In the words of retired Pakistani General Akhtar Hussain Malik, the aims were "to defreeze the Kashmir problem, weaken Indian resolve, and bring India to the conference table without provoking general war." As a result, groundwork and intelligence gathering for execution of the plan was laid by launching "Operation Nusrat", the purpose of which was to locate gaps in the Cease Fire Line (CFL) that were to serve as entry points for the mujahideen, and to gauge the response of the Indian army and the local population.
Execution of plan.
Despite initial reservations by the President of Pakistan Ayub Khan, the operation was set in motion. In the first week of August 1965, (some sources put it at 24 July) Pakistani troops who were members of Azad Kashmir Regimental Force (Now Azad Kashmir Regiment) began to cross the Cease Fire Line dividing Indian- and Pakistani-held Kashmir. Several columns were to occupy key heights around the Kashmir valley and encourage a general revolt, which would be followed by direct combat by Pakistani troops. According to Indian sources as many as 30,000 – 40,000 men had crossed the line, while Pakistani sources put it at 5,000 -7,000 only. These troops known as the "Gibraltar Force" were organized and commanded by Major General Akhtar Hussain Malik, GoC 12 Division The troops were divided into 10 forces (5 companies each). The 10 forces were given different code names, mostly after historically significant Muslim rulers. The operation's name, Gibraltar, itself was chosen for the Islamic connotations. The 8th century Umayyad conquest of Hispania was launched from Gibraltar, a situation not unlike that Pakistan envisaged for Indian Kashmir, i.e. conquest of Kashmir from Operation Gibraltar. The areas chosen were mainly on the de facto Cease Fire line as well as in the populous Kashmir Valley.
The plan was multi-pronged. Infiltrators would mingle with the local populace and incite them to rebellion. Meanwhile guerrilla warfare would commence, destroying bridges, tunnels and highways, harassing enemy communications, logistic installations and headquarters as well as attacking airfields, with a view to create the conditions of an "armed insurrection" in Kashmir — leading to a national uprising against Indian rule. It was assumed that India would neither counter-attack, nor involve itself in another full-scale war, and the liberation of Kashmir would rapidly follow.
Reasons for Failure.
While the covert infiltration was a complete success that ultimately led to the Second Kashmir War, military analysts have differed on whether the plan itself was flawed. Some have held that the plan was well-conceived but was let down by poor execution, but almost all Pakistani and neutral analysts have maintained that the entire operation was "a clumsy attempt" and doomed to collapse. According to then Chief of the Pakistan Air Force, Air Marshal Nur Khan, there was little coordination amongst the military services on the impending operation. Pakistani author Pervaiz Iqbal Cheema notes that Muhammad Musa, Pakistan's Chief of the Army Staff, was reportedly so confident that the plan would succeed and conflict would be localized to Kashmir that he did not inform the Air Force, as he believed the operation would not require any major air action. Many senior Pakistani military officers and political leaders were unaware of the impending crisis, thus surprising not only India, but also Pakistan itself. Furthermore, few people in Kashmir were really interested in revolting against India, a fact largely ignored while planning.
Many senior officials also were against the plan, as a failure could lead to an all-out war with India, which many wanted to avoid.

</doc>
<doc id="2869140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2869140" title="Barney In Concert">
Barney In Concert

Barney In Concert is a "Barney and the Backyard Gang" stage show, taped at Majestic Theatre in Dallas, Texas on March 14, 1991 and released on video on February 10, 1992..
Plot.
Barney and the Backyard Gang perform at the Majestic Theatre in Dallas, Texas, singing both familiar children's tunes and hits from the video series. Barney introduces a new friend named Baby Bop, a shy two-year-old triceratops, who joins in the show after meeting the Backyard Gang.

</doc>
