<doc id="2909331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909331" title="Winnipeg Saints">
Winnipeg Saints

The Winnipeg Saints were a Manitoba Junior Hockey League team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba. For most of its existence, the team was known as the St. Boniface Saints. The franchise exists today as the Virden Oil Capitals.
History.
The St. Boniface Saints were formed in 1967 when the Winnipeg Rangers were purchased by a local group and relocated to St. Boniface. The Saints won three Turnbull Cups as Manitoba Junior ‘A’ champions (1971, 1981, and 1994), and the Anavet Cup in 1971.
The team became the Winnipeg Saints in 2000 after moving to the Dakota Community Centre in south Winnipeg, which would be their home until the end of the 2009-2010 season. After playing one season out of St. Adolphe arena, the Saints returned to Winnipeg, playing out of the St. James Civic Centre during the 2011-2012 season.
In the spring of 2012, the Saints franchise was purchased by a group from Virden and subsequently relocated to the southwestern Manitoba town for the start of the 2012-13 season.
Notable Saints alumni include Mike Ridley, Colton Orr, Russ Romaniuk, and Travis Hamonic.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="2909335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909335" title="Han Suk-kyu">
Han Suk-kyu

Han Suk-kyu (born November 3, 1964) is a South Korean actor. One of the leading actors of Korean cinema, Han's notable works include "Green Fish" (1997), "No. 3" (1997), "Christmas in August" (1998), "Shiri" (1999), and "The President's Last Bang" (2005).
Biography.
Han Suk-kyu is known as a family man, avid golfer, fisherman and voracious reader. He collects animation by Studio Ghibli and hopes to join Ghibli voice cast one day as a Korean-speaking character. While a student at the Theater and Film department of Dongguk University, he sang in an amateur folk rock band. He took a brief, year-long contract as voice actor at KBS, before moving on to TV and film acting.
After a debut in the 1990 MBC campus drama "Our Paradise", Han rose to stardom as "Hong-shik" in "The Moon of Seoul" (1994), a charming gigolo from the slums determined to attain wealth at all cost in the big city. "Choon-seop", an old friend from hometown played by Choi Min-sik, struggles hopelessly to stop "Hong-shik" from his self-ruin. The partnership of Han and Choi as uneasy allies or foes, parlayed into two flagship films of the 1990s: "No. 3" and "Shiri". Both the series and "Hong-shik" character have since become beloved icons, as part of the Korean television's golden era before the advent of Korean wave. The cast also features veterans who are now luminaries in Korean cinema: Na Moon-hee of "The Quiet Family", Kim Hae-sook of Park Chan-wook's "Thirst", and Baek Yoon-sik of "Save the Green Planet!".
Before the end of the 20th century, Han headlined films that were critically acclaimed ("Green Fish", "No. 3") and commercially successful ("The Contact", "Christmas in August", "Shiri" -- the latter two making particular impact in Japan).
Han's experience in the early stages of Korean cinema renaissance in the 1990s, cemented his belief in a script-driven model for movie-making. Thus the founding of "Makdong Script Festival" (named after his role in "Green Fish"), with co-sponsor film magazine "Cine 21". Winners may claim two cash prizes funded by Han, with the potential to launch directing careers based from their own scripts. The annual contest is now extant over 10 years, with two titles produced so far: the comedy "2424" (2002) and "Private Eye" (2009) starring Hwang Jung-min.
Return.
Han went into an extended hiatus in 1999, declining several lucrative opportunities with name directors. Among them: "Peppermint Candy", "Joint Security Area", "Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance" (as the father), and "Fulltime Killer" (as Andy Lau's friend/foe.) 
The break coincided with a surge in new talent, sophistication of technology, organization, and scale of production within the Korean film industry. Combined with other factors (such as his aloof and shy attitude towards the media, his over-exposure as a sensitive, bookish bourgeois typified by Maxim coffee commercials, and enduring actor's image as a cold intellectual incongruous with the rising vogue of populism defined by explosive passions of red-blooded machismo and sentimentalism, in a market of changing audience preference for a less measured, more corporeal acting style) have attempted to explain the lukewarm reception to his comeback.
"Double Agent", which netted one million admissions, was seen as a failure for a star labeled by the media as "box office guarantee." This was followed by a sizable backlash from netizens and the press, who rushed to bury the co-self-produced spy thriller as the public disgrace of a former golden boy.
His press and image took further beating in the next two, even more polarizing films: the unforeseen tragedy surrounding "The Scarlet Letter", and the incendiary political content of "The President's Last Bang". Nonetheless, these controversial works screened at Cannes, and were featured in a tribute to the actor at the Austrian FilmAsia festival.
In spite of this rocky return to feature films, Han remains well regarded by such major directors as Park Chan-wook, Lee Joon-ik, Kang Woo-suk and Jang Jin. Compared to his peak popularity in the 90s, his work may seem an acquired taste for general audiences, although some cult following ensued for his ultra-sadistic turn in "A Bloody Aria".
He also remains well respected among major peers for his distinctive style (a cerebral and intricate minimalism driven by semantics and implosive restraint): Kim Hye-soo, Song Kang-ho, Oh Dal-su (especially for their collaboration in "Forbidden Quest" and "A Bloody Aria"), Sol Kyung-gu, and Choi Min-sik.
Overall, his post-90s career is marked by less high-profile, "event" projects than personal interests, such as appearing in the quickie B-movie "Mr. Housewife" as keepsake for his children. As in the late 90s, Han continues to favor novice directors over safer projects under seasoned directors, in hopes of bringing new talents into the industry. This, combined with aversion of the press (now playing a more critical and complex role to the entertainment circle), has earned him the image by turns of a taciturn loner, and a generous if loquacious intellectual.
He remained self-managed until as late as 2006, before joining the KM Culture agency due to increased regimentation of the industry.
After the adaptation of Keigo Higashino novel of "White Night" starring Son Ye-jin, Han has a long-awaited reunion with Choi Min-sik slated to begin production in Autumn 2009.
Influences.
Known for his distinctive voice and diction, Han has been a long-time mentor to Kam Woo-sung, including coaching the latter's enunciation for his film debut in "Marriage is a Crazy Thing". Actors of the younger generation also continue to cite him as an influence; among them: Hwang Jung-min, Ryoo Seung-bum, Kim Myung-min, Kim Joo-hyuk of "Blue Swallow", Kim Ji-soo of "This Charming Girl", Tsuyoshi Kusanagi (who famously began a second career in Korea after seeing Han in "Shiri"), Rain, Lee Sung-jae of "Barking Dogs Never Bite", TV heartthrob Lee Jin-wook, and the current darling of independent films, Im Ji-kyu.
For his part, Han has cited influences by legendary Korean actor Kim Seung-ho, Al Pacino, Ken Takakura, "The Godfather" trilogy, and Hayao Miyazaki.

</doc>
<doc id="2909336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909336" title="Mañjuśrīnāmasamgīti">
Mañjuśrīnāmasamgīti

The Mañjuśrī-Nāma-Saṃgīti. () (hereafter, Nama-samgiti) is considered amongst the most advanced teachings given by the Shakyamuni Buddha. It represents the pinnacle of all Shakyamuni Buddha's teachings, being a tantra of the nondual (advaya) class, along with the Kalachakra Tantra. 
The Nama-samgiti was preached by Shakyamuni Buddha for his disciple Vajrapani and his wrathful retinue in order to lead them into buddhahood. The essence of the Nama-samgiti is that Manjushri bodhisattva is the embodiment of all knowledge. The Nama-samgiti is a short text, only circa 160 verses and a prose section. It is a fraction of the vast Sutras such as Avatamsaka Sutra and Prajñāpāramitā Sutras or the endless ocean of tantras such as manjushri-mula-kalpa and the mountainous Hinayana teachings and sea of sundry extra-canonical works. And yet, the Nama-samgiti contains all of the Buddha's dharmas. It summarizes everything he taught. As Shakyamuni Buddha says of the Nama-samgiti, it is "the chief clarification of words". It is the "nondual reality". Therefore all sentient beings should definitely study and recite the manjushri-nama-samgiti.

</doc>
<doc id="2909349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909349" title="Louis-Gabriel-Charles Vicaire">
Louis-Gabriel-Charles Vicaire

Louis Gabriel Charles Vicaire (January 25, 1848 – September 23, 1900) was a French poet.
Vicaire was born at Belfort. He served in the campaign of 1870, and then settled in Paris to practise at the bar, which, however, he soon abandoned for literature.
His work was twice "crowned" by the Académie française, and in 1892 he received the cross of the Legion of Honour. Born in the Vosges, and a Parisian by adoption, Vicaire remained all his life an enthusiastic lover of the country to which his family belonged (in Bresse), spending much of his time at Ambérieu-en-Bugey. His freshest and best work is his "Emaux bressans" (1884), a volume of poems full of the gaiety and spirit of the old French chansons. Other volumes followed: "Le Livre de la patrie", "L'Heure enchantée" (1890), "A la bonne franquette" (1892), "Au bois joli" (1894) and "Le Clos des fées" (1897).
Vicaire wrote in collaboration with two short pieces for the stage, "Fleurs d'avril" (1890) and "La Farce du marl refondu" (1895); also the "Miracle de Saint Nicolas" (1888). With his friend Henri Beauclair he produced a parody of the "Decadents" entitled "Les Deliquescences" and signed Adoré Floupette. His fame rests on his "Emaux bressans" and on his Rabelaisian drinking songs; the religious and fairy poems, charming as they often are, carry simplicity to the verge of affectation. Vicaire died in Paris, after a long and painful illness, on 23 September 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="2909350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909350" title="Ralph D. Parker">
Ralph D. Parker

Ralph D. Parker (1898-1983) worked in the Canadian mining industry. In 1921, he obtained a B. Sc. degree from the University of California.
Parker became a superintendent of mines at Inco beginning in 1931. He rose through the company and became senior vice-president. In 1963, he retired and was awarded, as the first recipient, the Chairman's Citation. Scientists under his direction developed the aerial magnetometer, a device used by the military to locate submarines.
He was inducted into the Canadian Mining Hall of Fame and R. D. Parker Collegiate a high school in Thompson, Manitoba is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2909354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909354" title="Winnipeg Blues">
Winnipeg Blues

The Winnipeg Blues are a Manitoba Junior Hockey League team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. They were formerly known as the Winnipeg South Blues, Fort Garry Blues, and the Winnipeg Monarchs. 
The Blues have won seven Turnbull Cups as MJHL champions, two Anavet Cups, and one Abbott Cup. As the Monarchs, the team captured ten Turnbull Cups and three Memorial Cups. The 1995 Winnipeg South Blues have been inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category.
History.
The Monarchs (1930-1978).
The Winnipeg Monarchs won the Memorial Cup as Canadian junior hockey champions three times: in 1935, 1937 and 1946. In 1946, George Robertson scored the winning goal in the seventh game of the 1946 Memorial Cup Final before a sell out crowd at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario. The Monarchs were also finalists in 1932, losing to Sudbury Wolves in the final, and 1951, losing to the Barrie Flyers.
In addition to the three Memorial Cup titles, the Monarchs won ten Turnbull Cups as Manitoba Junior Hockey League champions and five Abbott Cups as Western Canadian junior hockey champions.
The Blues (1978-present).
In 1978, the Monarchs were relocated to Fort Garry in south Winnipeg and adopted a new name, the Fort Garry Blues. Six years later, the team rebranded itself as the Winnipeg South Blues, although the team continued to play out of Fort Garry. During their time playing at the Century Arena in Fort Garry, the Blues won six league championships.
In 2010, the Blues left Fort Garry and moved into the brand new MTS Iceplex, located on the western edge of the city. As part of the move, the team shortened its name to the Winnipeg Blues. 
With the move of the Winnipeg Saints to Virden in 2012, the Blues are now the only MJHL club based in the city of Winnipeg.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="2909357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909357" title="Submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy">
Submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy

Imperial Japanese Navy submarines originated with the purchase of five Holland type submarines from the United States in 1904. Japanese submarine forces progressively built up strength and expertise, becoming by the beginning of World War II one of the world's most varied and powerful submarine fleets.
Origins.
The Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) acquired its first submarines during the Russo-Japanese War on 12 December 1904 where they arrived in sections at the Yokahama dockyards. The vessels were purchased from the relatively new American company, Electric Boat, and were fully assembled and ready for combat operations by August 1905. However, hostilities with Russia were nearing its end by that date, and no submarines saw action during the war.
The submarines that Electric Boat sold to Japan were based on the Holland designs, known as Holland Type VIIs similar to the American s. The five imported "Hollands" were originally built at Fore River Ship and Engine Company in Quincy, Massachusetts under Busch's direction for the Electric Boat Company back in August–October 1904. They were shipped by freighter from Seattle, Washington in "knocked-down" kit form to Japan, and then reassembled by Arthur Leopold Busch at the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal, which was then Japan's largest naval shipyard, to become Hulls No. 1 through 5 and were designed Type 1 submarines by the Japanese Navy.
Frank Taylor Cable, an electrician who was working for Isaac Rice's Electro-Dynamic and Storage Companies along with Rice's Electric Boat, arrived some six months after Busch, training the IJN in the operation of the newly introduced vessels.
In 1904 Kawasaki Dockyard Company purchased plans for a modified version directly from Holland, and built two boats (Hulls No. 6 and 7), with the help of two American engineers, Chase and Herbert, who had been assistants to Holland. The Kawasaki-type submarines displaced 63 or 95 tons when submerged, and measured 73 or 84 feet in overall length, respectively. both vessels measured 7' at the beam. This contrasted with the original five imported Hollands-type submatines which had arrived that same year, at over 100 tons submerged, 67 foor overall length and 11 foot beams. The Kawasaki Type #6 and #7 submarines had gained extra speed and reduced fuel consumption by 1/4. However both boats could launch only one 18" torpedo, and each was manned by 14 sailors, whereas the imported Holland-type submarines could fire two torpedoes and could be operated by 13 sailors. This new type was designed the Japanese Type 6 submarine by the Japanese Navy, and was used primarily for test purposes.
The "Kaigun Holland" #6 was launched at Kobe on 28 September 1905 and was completed six months later at Kure as the first submarine built in Japan. It sank during a training dive in Hiroshima Bay on 15 April 1910. Although the water was only 58 feet deep, there were no provisions at all for the crew to escape while submerged. The commanding officer, Lieutenant Tsutomu Sakuma, patiently wrote a description of his sailor's efforts to bring the boat back to the surface as their oxygen supply ran out. All of the sailors were later found dead at their duty stations when this submarine was raised the following day. The sailors were regarded as heroes for their calm performance of their duties until death, and this submarine has been preserved as a memorial in Kure, Japan.
Although the capabilities of these first submarines were never tested in combat during the Russo-Japanese War, the first submarine squadron was soon formed at Kure Naval Base in the Inland Sea. Following the war, the Japanese government followed submarine developments by the Royal Navy with interest, and purchased two British C class submarines directly from Vickers, with an additional three built from kits by the Kure Naval Arsenal. These became respectively the Japanese Ha-1 class and Ha-3 class submarines. An additional two vessels, forming the Ha-7 class were later built by the Kure Naval Arsenal.
In 1909, the first submarine tender, , was commissioned.
Japan, along with the rest of the Allies, drew heavily upon Germany's "Guerre de Course" (commerce raiding) operations during the First World War, and their submarine successes reinforced Japan's willingness to develop this weapon, resulting in eighteen ocean-going submarines being included in its 1917 expansion program. At the end of World War I, Japan received nine German submarines as reparations, which allowed her and the other Allies to accelerate their technological developments during the interwar period.
World War II.
Imperial Japanese Navy submarines formed by far the most varied fleet of submarines of World War II, including manned torpedoes ("Kaiten"), midget submarines ("Ko-hyoteki", "Kairyu"), medium-range submarines, purpose-built supply submarines (many used by the Imperial Japanese Army, see Type 3), fleet submarines (many of which carried an aircraft), submarines with the highest submerged speeds of the conflict ("Sentaka I-200"), and submarines able to carry multiple bombers (World War II's largest submarine, the "Sentoku I-400"). They were also equipped with the most advanced torpedo of the conflict, the oxygen-fuelled Type 95, sometimes confused with the type 93 Long Lance torpedo. A plane launched from one such fleet submarine, "I-25", conducted what remains the only aerial bombing attack on the continental United States, when Warrant Flying Officer Nobuo Fujita piloting a Yokosuka E14Y scouting plane dropped four 168-pound bombs in an attempt to start forest fires outside the town of Brookings, Oregon, on September 9, 1942. In February 1942, the submarine "I-17" fired a number of shells from her deck gun at the Elwood Oil Fields near Santa Barbara, California. None of the shells caused any serious damage.
Overall, despite their technical innovation, Japanese submarines were built in small numbers and had less effect on the war than those of the other major navies. The IJN pursued the doctrine of "guerre d'escadre" (fleet vs fleet warfare), and consequently submarines were often used in offensive roles against warships, which were fast, maneuverable and well-defended compared to merchant ships. During the Battle of Midway, "I-168" administered the "coup de grace" to , as well as sinking the destroyer . Later in 1942, Japanese submarine "I-19" sank the fleet carrier , damaged the battleship , and damaged the destroyer (which sank later on 19 October 1942) with a single salvo of torpedoes. However, as fuel oil diminished and air superiority was lost, Imperial submarines were no longer able to continue with such successes. Once the United States was able to increase its production of destroyers and destroyer escorts, as well as bringing over highly effective anti-submarine techniques learned during the Battle of the Atlantic, they continually took more and more of a toll on Imperial Japanese submarines, which also tended to be slower and not as deeply diving as their "Kriegsmarine" counterparts. The Imperial Japanese Navy's doctrine of fleet warfare ("guerre d'escadre") resulted in its submarines seldom posing a threat to allied merchant convoys and shipping lanes to the degree that the Kriegsmarine's U-boats did as they pursued commerce raiding against Allied and neutral merchant ships.
During the last two years of the War in the Pacific, the IJN submarines instead were often used to transport supplies to isolated island garrisons—ones deliberately bypassed by the Americans and the Australians. During the war, IJN submarines did sink about 1 million tons (GRT) of merchant shipping (184 ships) in the Pacific; by contrast U.S. Navy submarines sank 5.2 million tons (1314 ships) in the same period, while U-boats of the German Navy, the IJN's Axis partner, sank 14.3 million tons (2,840 ships) in the Atlantic and other oceans.
Early models of IJN submarines were not very maneuverable under water, could not dive very deeply, and lacked radar. (Later in the war units that were fitted with radar were in some instances sunk due to the ability of American radar sets to detect their emissions. For example, the sank three such IJN submarines near Japan in just four days). After the end of the conflict, several of Japan's most innovative and advanced submarines were sent to Hawaii for inspection in "Operation Road's End" ("I-400", "I-401", "I-201", and "I-203") before being scuttled by the U.S. Navy in 1946 when the Soviet Union demanded to have access to the I.J.N. submarines, also.
Submarine aircraft carriers.
The Japanese applied the concept of the "submarine aircraft carrier" extensively, starting with the J3 type of 1937-38. Altogether 41 submarines were built with the capability to carry seaplanes. Most IJN submarine aircraft carriers could carry only one aircraft, but "I-14" had hangar space for two, and the giant "I-400" class three.
Yanagi missions.
These were missions enabled under the Axis Powers' Tripartite Pact to provide for an exchange of strategic materials and manufactured goods between Germany, Italy and Japan. Initially, cargo ships made the exchanges, but when this was no longer possible, submarines were used.
Only six submarines attempted this trans-oceanic voyage during World War II: "I-30" (April 1942), "I-8" (June 1943), "I-34" (October 1943), "I-29" (November 1943), and German submarines "U-511" (August 1943) and "U-864" (December 1944). Of these, "I-30" was partially successful but was later sunk by a mine, "I-8" completed her mission, "I-34" was sunk by British submarine , and "I-29" by the United States submarine, (assisted by Ultra intelligence). "I-52" made the final attempt.
1st Class submarines.
This class includes the largest of Japanese submarines, characterized by great size and range.
Type KD1 (I-51).
The Type KD1 ("I-51" class) submarine was the prototype for the types (KD2-KD7) that followed and was based on the German cruiser submarine "U-139" and the British L class submarine.
Type KD2 (I-152).
The Type KD2 ("I-152" class) submarine was based on the "U-139" and the British K class submarine.
Type KD3a (4 units).
The Type KD3a ("I-153" class) submarines (I-53/I-153, I-54/I-154, I-55/I-155, I-158) were similar to the Type KD1 and KD2 but with strengthened hulls.
Type KD3b (3 units).
The Type KD3b ("I-159" class) submarines (I-59/I-159, I-60, I-63) were similar to the Type KD3a but were 16 inches longer and had a different bow shape.
Type KD4 (3 units).
The Type KD4 ("I-61/I-162" class) submarines (I-61, I-62/I-162, I-64/I-164) were slightly smaller and had four torpedo tubes, but were otherwise similar to the Type KD3.
Type KD5 (3 units).
The Type KD5 ("I-165" class) submarines (I-65/I-165, I-66/I-166, I-67) were similar to the Type KD4 but had an improved operating depth.
Type KD6a (6 units).
The Type KD6a ("I-168" class) submarines (I-68/I-168, I-69/I-169, I-70, I-71/I-171, I-72/I-172, I-73) were similar to the KD5 but with a higher speed.
Type KD6b (2 units).
The Type KD6b ("I-174" class) submarines (I-74/I-174, (I-75/I-175) were similar to the KD6a but were one foot longer and 25 tons heavier.
Type KD7 (10 units).
The Type KD7 ("I-176" class) submarines (I-176, I-177, I-178, I-179, I-180, I-181, I-182, I-183, I-184, I-185) were similar to the KD6 but with the torpedo tubes moved forward and a slightly improved operating depth.
Type J1 (I-1, I-2, I-3, I-4).
The Type J1 ("I-1" class) submarines (I-1, I-2, I-3, I-4) were based on the Kaidai II (Type KD2) and German submarine "U-142".
Type J1 Mod. (I-5).
The Type J1 Modified ("I-5" class) submarine was similar to the Type J1, but with facilities for one aircraft.
Type J2 (I-6).
The Type J2 ("I-6" class) submarine was similar to the I-5 class, but with a catapult for aircraft.
Type J3 (I-7, I-8).
The Type J3 ("I-7" class) submarines (I-7, I-8) combined the benefits of the Type J2 and the Kaidai V (KD5). This type later led to the Type A, Type B, and Type C submarines.
Type A1 (I-9, I-10, I-11).
The Type A1 ("I-9" class) submarines were large seaplane-carrying submarines, with communication facilities to allow them to operate as command ships for groups of submarines. The type was also equipped with a hangar for one aircraft.
Type A2 (I-12).
The Type A2 ("I-12" class) submarine was similar to the Type A1, but with less powerful engines, giving the type slower surface speed but a longer range.
Type AM (I-13, I-14).
The Type AM (A Modified) ("I-13" class) submarines was a large seaplane-carrying submarine, with hangar space for two aircraft. These giant submarines were originally of the A2 type, but their design was revised after construction started to carry a second aircraft. The seaplanes were to be the Aichi M6A1 bomber carrying 800 kg bombs.
The range and speed of these submarines was remarkable (21,000 nmi at 16 knots), but their underwater performance was compromised, making them easy targets. "I-13" was sunk on 16 July 1945 by the destroyer escort and aircraft action from escort carrier about east of Yokosuka. "I-14" surrendered at sea at the end of the war, and was later scrapped off the coast of Oahu at a depth of 2600 feet perhaps to prevent Russia from obtaining the technology. The wreck was recently found.
Type B1 (20 units).
Type B1 ("I-15" class) submarines ("I-15", "I-17", "I-19", "I-21", "I-23", "I-25", "I-26", "I-27", "I-28", "I-29", "I-30", I-31, I-32, I-33, I-34, I-35, I-36, I-37, I-38, I-39) were the most numerous type of submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. In total 20 were made, starting with "I-15", the class ship. These were fast, very long ranged, and carried a single Yokosuka E14Y seaplane, located in a hangar in front of the conning tower, launched by a catapult.
The series was rather successful, especially at the beginning of the war. "I-26", in 1942, crippled the aircraft carrier . "I-19", on 15 September 1942, fired six torpedoes at aircraft carrier , two of which hit the carrier and sank her, the remainder damaging the battleship and the destroyer USS "O'Brien" (which sank later); "I-25" conducted the only aerial bombing to occur on the continental United States during World War II. On 9 September 1942, "I-25" launched its reconnaissance plane, a Yokosuka E14Y code named "Glen" which proceeded to drop four (4) 168 pound bombs in a forest near present day Brookings, Oregon. Several of these ships also undertook "Yanagi" missions to Europe ("I-30", "I-34", "I-29").
Type B2 (6 units).
The Type B2 ("I-40" class) submarines ("I-40", "I-41", "I-42", "I-43", "I-44", "I-45") were externally similar to the Type B1, but with a high-tensile strength steel hull and diesel engines of a simpler design.
Type B3 (I-54, I-56, I-58).
Eighteen of the twenty-one Type B3 ("I-54" class) submarines were cancelled in 1943 in favor of the Type E submarine, leaving the I-54, I-56, and I-58.
Type C1 (5 units).
The Type C1 ("I-16" class) submarine (I-16, I-18, I-20, I-22, I-24) was based on the Junsen type submarine and developed from the Type KD6. This type, like the other Type C submarines, was utilized as mother ships for the "Kō-hyōteki" midget submarines and the "Kaiten" suicide torpedoes.
Type C2 (I-46, I-47, I-48).
The Type C2 ("I-46" class) submarines were nearly identical to the Type C1 with the exception that the Type C2 lacked the capability to carry the midget submarines.
Type C3 (I-52, I-53, I-55).
The Type C3 submarines ("I-52" class) were submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy, designed and built by Mitsubishi Corporation, between 1943 and 1944, as cargo carriers. They were quite long and carried a crew of up to 94 officers and men. They also had a long cruising range at a speed of .
The Japanese constructed only three of these during World War II ("I-52", "I-53" and "I-55"), although twenty were planned. They were among the largest submarines ever built to date, and were known as the most advanced submarines of the period. One of them, "I-52", was selected for a "Yanagi" (exchange) mission to Germany. She was sunk on 24 June 1944 by aircraft from southwest of the Azores. Her cargo consisted of rubber, gold, quinine, and Japanese engineers to Germany.
Type D1 (11 units).
The Type D1 ("I-361" class, "I-372" class) submarines (I-361, I-362, I-363, I-364, I-365, I-366, I-367, I-368, I-369, I-370, I-371, I-372) were based on the "U-155". This type was designed as transport submarines with torpedoes for self-defense.
Type D2 (I-373).
The Type D2 ("I-373" class) submarine was designed as a tanker submarine based on the Type D1 but with no torpedoes.
Kiraisen Type (I-121, I-122, I-123, I-124).
The Kiraisen (機雷潜, "Minelaying submarine") "I-121" class were copies of the German minelayer submarine "U-125". This type was used as minelayers and supply submarines as they were obsolete by World War II.
Sen-Ho Type (I-351).
The Sen-Ho (潜補, "Submarine-Tanker") "I-351" class was a tanker/transport submarine.
Sentoku Type (I-400, I-401, I-402).
The Sentoku (伊四〇〇型潜水艦) "I-400" class displaced 5223 tons surfaced and measured 400 ft 3 in (122m) overall. They had a figure-eight hull shape for additional strength to handle the on-deck hangar for housing the three "Seiran" aircraft. In addition, they had four anti-aircraft guns and a large deck cannon as well as eight torpedo tubes from which they could fire the 21 inch (53 cm) Type 95 torpedo.
Three of the "Sen Toku" were built ("I-400", "I-401", and "I-402"). Each had four 1825 horsepower (1360 kW) engines and range 37,500 nm at .
The submarines were also able to carry three Aichi M6A "Sei ran" aircraft, each carrying an 800 kilogram (1764 lb) bomb at 360 miles per hour (580 km/h). To fit the aircraft in the hangar the wings of the aircraft were folded back, the horizontal stabilizers folded down, and the top of the vertical stabilizer folded over so the overall profile of the aircraft was within the diameter of its propeller. A crew of four could prepare and get all three airborne in 45 minutes launching them with a 120-foot (37 m) catapult on the fore deck of the giant submarine.
Sentaka Type (3 units).
The Sentaka Type (潜高, "High-speed submarine") I-201 class submarines were modern design, and known as "Sentaka" (From "Sen", abbreviation of "Sensuikan", "Submarine", and "Taka", abbreviation of "Kōsoku", "High speed"). Three were built, "I-201", "I-202", and "I-203" ("I-204" to "I-208" were not completed).
They displaced 1070 tonnes, had a test depth of , and were armed with four torpedo tubes and 25 mm guns in retractable mounts to maintain streamlining. These submarines were designed for mass production. They were high-performance boats, with streamlined all-welded hulls and a high battery capacity supplying two motors, which had nearly double the horsepower of the German-designed MAN diesels. The submerged speed was , more than double that achieved by contemporary American designs. They were equipped with a snorkel, allowing for underwater diesel operation while recharging batteries.
2nd Class submarines.
These submarines included medium-sized medium-ranged units of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
Kaichū Type (20 units).
The Kaichūs were double-hulled medium sized submarines. They were derived from the Kaitokuchu type submarine (KT). Several variants existed. From 1934 to 1944, the K6 type ("Ro-33" Class) and the K7 type ("Ro-35" Class) were built. The K6 type was equipped with a 3.25 inch (80 mm) gun and Type 95 Long Lance torpedoes. Twenty units were built: Ro-33, Ro-34, Ro-35, Ro-36, Ro-37, Ro-38, Ro-39, Ro-40, Ro-41, Ro-42, Ro-43, Ro-44, Ro-45, Ro-46, Ro-47, Ro-48, Ro-49, Ro-50, Ro-55, Ro-56.
Type L1 (Ro-51, Ro-52).
The Type L1 ("Ro-51" class) submarines were British L class submarines built under license by Mitsubishi.
Type L2 (Ro-53, Ro-54, Ro-55, Ro-56).
The Type L2 ("Ro-53" class) submarines were similar to the Type L1 but with no torpedo tubes and a change in the battery groups.
Type L3 (Ro-57, Ro-58, Ro-59).
The Type L3 ("Ro-57" class) submarines were copies of the British submarine L9.
Type L4 (9 units).
The Type L4 ("Ro-60" class) submarines (Ro-60, Ro-61, Ro-62, Ro-63, Ro-64, Ro-65, Ro-66, Ro-67, Ro-68) were copies of the British submarine L52.
Ko Type (18 units).
The Ko Type ("Small Type" or "Submarine-Small Type") were medium sized submarines for use as point-defense submarines. Eighteen units were built: Ro-100, Ro-101, Ro-102, Ro-103, Ro-104, Ro-105, Ro-106, Ro-107, Ro-108, Ro-109, Ro-110, Ro-111, Ro-112, Ro-113, Ro-114, Ro-115, Ro-116, Ro-117.
Sen'yu-Ko Type (12 units).
The Sen'yu-Ko Type ("Submarine Transport-Small Type") were transport submarines. Several of this type were converted to tankers or to mother ships for the midget submarines.
Sentaka-Ko Type (10 units).
The Sentaka-Ko Type ("Submarine High speed-Small type") were small-size speed submarines commissioned for Operation Downfall. Of the 79 boats planned, only 9 were completed.
3rd Class submarines.
This class includes the smallest of the Japanese submarines, from midget submarines to manned torpedoes often used for suicide attacks.
Ko-Hyoteki Type (50 units).
The Ko-hyoteki (甲標的, "Type 'A' Target") class of Japanese midget submarines had hull numbers but no names. For simplicity, they are most often referred to by the hull number of the mother submarine. Thus, the midget carried by "I-16" was known as the I-16 midget. The midget submarine hull numbers beginning with the character "HA", which can only be seen on a builder's plate inside the hull.
Fifty Ko-hyoteki were built. The "A Target" name was assigned as a ruse - if their design was prematurely discovered by Japan's foes, the Japanese Navy could insist that the vessels were battle practice targets. They were also called "tubes" and other slang names.
Kairyu Type (250 units).
The Kairyu (海龍, "Sea Dragon") was a class of midget submarines designed in 1943-1944, and produced from the beginning of 1945. These submarines were meant to meet the invading American Naval forces upon their anticipated approach of Tokyo.
Over 760 of these submarines were planned, and by August 1945, 250 had been manufactured, most of them at the Yokosuka shipyard.
These submarines had a two-man crew and were fitted with an internal warhead for suicide missions.
Kaiten Type (400 units).
The Kaiten (Japanese:回天) was a torpedo modified as a suicide weapon, and used by the Imperial Japanese Navy in the final stages of the Second World War. "Kaiten" means "return to the sky"; however, it is commonly translated as "turn toward heaven".
Early designs allowed for the pilot to escape after the final acceleration towards the target, although whether this could have been done successfully is doubtful. There is no record of any pilot attempting to escape or intending to do so, and this provision was dropped from later production kaitens.
Six models were designed, the types 1, 2, 4, 5 and 6 were based on the "Long Lance" type 93 torpedo (24 inch oxygen/kerosene), and the Type 10, based on the Type 92 torpedo (21 inch electric). Types 2, 4, 5, 6 and 10 were only manufactured as prototypes and never used in combat.

</doc>
<doc id="2909358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909358" title="Volodymyr Shcherbytsky">
Volodymyr Shcherbytsky

Volodymyr Vasylyovych Shcherbytsky (, ; 17 February 1918, Verkhnodniprovsk — 16 February 1990) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician. He was a leader of the Communist Party of Ukraine from 1972 to 1989. During the World War II, he participated in the invasion of Iran by the Soviet forces (see Iran crisis of 1946).
An influential figure in the Soviet Union, a member of Soviet politburo since 1971, he was a close ally to the Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev. His rule of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was characterized by the expanded policies of re-centralisation and suppression of dissent. While supporting Russification policies, he still allowed the Ukrainian language to keep circulating side-by-side with Russian in this traditionally bilingual republic. Scherbytsky's power base was arguably one of the most corrupt and conservative among the Soviet republics. 
He was one of the supporters of Mikhail Gorbachev in his takeover of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union which ultimately led to the implementation of reforms that dramatically altered the country and its future. At the same time, Scherbytsky opposed these democratic changes.
He is also held responsible for concealing the real scale of the Chernobyl Accident even to the central government in Moscow and for holding a May Day demonstration in Kiev only five days after the accident happened, when the public was still severely exposed to nuclear radiation. In 1990 he died from pneumonia (official version), while some close to him people were talking about a suicide. On February 17, 1990 Shcherbytsky was called for a witness testimony in relations to the Chernobyl disaster.
Awards.
Volodymyr Shcherbytsky was twice awarded the Hero of Socialist Labour — in 1974 and 1977. During his public service he also received numerous other civil and state awards and recognitions, including the Order of Lenin (in 1958, 1968, 1971, 1973, 1977, 1983 and 1988), the Order of October Revolution (in 1978 and 1982), the Order of the Patriotic War, I class (in 1985) and various medals.

</doc>
<doc id="2909374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909374" title="Health issues in American football">
Health issues in American football

Health issues in American football comprise a number of health risks associated with participating in the sport. Injuries are relatively common in American football, due to its nature as a full-contact game. Injuries occur during both practice and games. Several factors can affect the frequency of injuries: epidemiological studies have shown older players can be at a greater risk, while equipment and experienced coaches can reduce the risk of injury. Common injuries include strains, sprains, fractures, dislocations, and concussions. Concussions have become a concern, as they increase the risk of mental illnesses like dementia and chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). In individual leagues like the National Football League (NFL) and National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), a public injury report is published containing all injured players on a team, their injury and the game-day status of each player.
Catastrophic injuries—defined as serious injury to the spine, spinal cord, or brain—and fatalities are uncommon in football; both have become less and less common since the 1970s, although a small number of both still occur each year. Both concussions and catastrophic injuries can be caused by helmet-to-helmet collisions as well as impact against the ground or other players' knees; in other cases, they can be caused by players who have sustained a head injury returning to play, which can place the player at risk of sustaining a severe injury. Despite the downturn in catastrophic injuries, a greater number of players at the NFL level reported major injuries and shortened careers from the 1970s onwards, in part due to the increasing size and speed of players and the use of artificial turf.
In many cases, injuries sustained while playing can cause long-term damage. In addition to neurological damage caused by hits to the head, injuries to the mid and lower body can force players to retire or lead to nagging ailments in later life. Various methods have been used to reduce injuries in football, including rule changes such as the abolition of large wedge formations; a sharp decline in cervical spine injuries since the 1970s has been attributed to rule changes that altered blocking and tackling techniques. More recently, rule changes to protect players from head injuries have been instituted. Equipment like the football helmet and pads are used to give players a level of protection from injuries, while other factors such as cleat size are used to minimize the risk of injuries due to field condition.
Injuries.
Because American football is a full-contact sport, injuries are relatively common. According to the San Francisco Spine Institute at Seton Medical Center in Daly City, California, up to 1.5 million young men participate in football annually, and there are an estimated 1.2 million football-related injuries per year. An estimated 51% of injuries occur during training sessions, while 49% occur elsewhere. Injuries are nearly 5 times more likely to happen during contact training sessions than in controlled, non-contact sessions. Older players are at the most risk for injuries, while teams with experienced coaches and more assistant coaches are less likely to experience injuries. Fifty percent of injuries occur in the lower extremities (with knee injuries alone counting for roughly 36% of all injuries) and 30% occur in the upper extremities.
The most common types of injuries are strains, sprains, bruises, fractures, dislocations, and concussions. According to the NFL Physicians Society, the most common injuries in football are "concussions, blunt injuries to the chest such as cardiac contusions, pulmonary contusions, broken ribs, abdominal injuries, splenic lacerations and kidney injuries." Orthopedic injuries to the knee, foot, ankle, shoulder, neck and back are also common, as are muscle strains to the hamstrings, quads, calves and the abdomen.
Concussions are particularly concerning, as repeated concussions may increase a person's risk in later life for chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) and mental health issues such as dementia, Parkinson's disease, and depression. Concussions are often caused by helmet-to-helmet collisions, impact against the ground or other players' knees, and upper-body contact between opposing players. However, helmets have prevented more serious injuries such as skull fractures. Cervical spine injuries can be catastrophic, but have sharply declined since the mid-1970s due to rule changes and improved workout regimes, equipment, and coaching.
Performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) are an issue in both high-school and professional-level football. Steroid use has been linked to an increased risk for musculoskeletal injuries among players. Human growth hormone (HGH) is used by some players to improve performance, recover from injuries, decrease aging, and to lose weight. Although none of these uses are scientifically proven or legal, HGH places users at risk for adverse side effects such as onset of diabetes and negatively impacting joints and organs such as the heart. However, there have been no studies of HGH use or the baseline levels of the hormone in NFL athletes. NFL players are routinely subject to drug tests in accordance with the NFL's two substance policies. Players found using performance-enhancing drugs, including anabolic steroids, can face suspension and other penalties. As of 2014, the league does not test for HGH use among players.
National Football League.
An injury report section is common in the sports sections of American newspapers, detailing injuries for each team and the amount of time each injured player is expected to be out. The injury report was created to prevent gamblers from gaining inside information about injuries from players, and as a result, NFL teams must report on the status of injured players on a set schedule during the season. The standard severity descriptions are "out" (will not play in the upcoming game); "doubtful" (25% chance of playing); "questionable" (50% chance of playing); or "probable" (75% chance of playing). Teams have been known to downplay, exaggerate or overly detail their teams' injuries in an attempt to confuse or mislead upcoming opponents. Injured players may be placed on one of several injured lists, including the Physically Unable to Perform (PUP) list. If a player is injured in an event outside of a game or team practice, or during collegiate practice prior to being drafted, he is eligible for the Nonfootball Injury list. Players who have sustained major injuries and are not expected to play for the rest of the season may be placed on the Injured Reserve (IR) list. These players do not count towards the teams' roster limit.
College and high school football.
According to the College Football Assistance Fund, over 20,000 injuries occur from college football each year. The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) maintains an injury list similar to that used by the NFL - injured players are listed as "Out", "Doubtful", "Questionable", or "Probable", but suspended players are also included on the list. College players are limited to four years of eligibility, but can receive a medical redshirt that lets them play another year if they have suffered a season-ending injury and have not played in more than 30% of the season's games.
Brain injury.
In 1994, the NFL established the Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Committee (MTBI), which was later replaced by the Head, Neck and Spine Committee, to study concussions and brain injuries in professional football players. The committee and its leadership, including Dr. Ira Casson and Dr. Elliot Pellman, were criticized by former players for stating that there is not enough research to determine if concussions lead to permanent brain injury. Pellman, who served as chairman of the committee from 1994 to 2007, was met with a large amount of criticism because he did not have a background in neurology and the research he published on brain injuries disagreed with the findings of independent scientists. In 2009, a NFL-commissioned report showed increased incidence of diagnosis of memory loss and dementia among retired professional football players when compared to the general population. The study also indicated that these symptoms were related to the effects of concussions. However, the NFL and the report's own researchers questioned the reliability of some of the data-gathering methods employed by the study, including the fact that the study was conducted by phone. The same year, the committee acknowledged for the first time that concussions can lead to long-term brain injuries. A Congressional hearing in October 2009, as well as pressure from the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA), led to an overhaul of concussion policy in November and December of that year.
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell addressed the issue of head injuries in professional football during a talk held on November 15, 2012 at the Harvard School of Public Health. In the talk, he highlighted the NFL's efforts to reduce head injuries by enacting measures such as penalizing hits to the head, better assessing concussions on the sideline, and removing players from the game after they have been diagnosed or suspected of having sustained a concussion. He also discussed the need for increased research on brain injuries and long-term disorders, and called for a culture change in the league, saying that players need to be more willing to acknowledge their injuries to medical staff. In September 2012 the league pledged a $30 million donation to the National Institutes of Health to research the connection between brain injuries and long-term mental health issues. Beginning in 2012 the NFL was the subject of several lawsuits initiated by former players who alleged that the league withheld information and misled players about the potential long-term impacts of head injuries. Six of the lawsuits were approved to be tried together. In August 2013 the NFL reached a settlement with more than 4,500 former players, agreeing to pay $765 million to be used to pay for medical examinations for former NFL players and for research and education purposes. Additionally, the funds will also be used to compensate former players who are determined to have significant cognitive impairment.
Concussions are also an issue outside of professional football. In a 2010 study by Purdue University and Indiana University, an estimated 43,000 to 67,000 football players suffer a concussion every season. However, because many injuries go unreported, the true number may exceed 100,000. The study, "Detected Cognitive Impairment in High School Football Players Without Clinically Diagnosed Concussion", was published in 2013 in the "Journal of Neurotrauma" and observed 21 high school players throughout a season; it determined that even players who would not be diagnosed with a concussion based on their symptoms can display notable impairments via MRIs and verbal or cognitive testing, indicating that the current tests used on the sideline to assess concussions may not be adequate. A 2013 study by the National Academy of Sciences found that concussion rates in college football exceed those in any other sport, and that high school players have twice the risk of sustaining a concussion as collegiate players. The study found that, as reported by athletic trainers, college football players sustain 6.3 concussions for every 10,000 athletic exposures (meaning an individual practice or game), and the rate for high school football players is 11.2. The high school concussion figure is nearly double that of the next-highest sport, lacrosse. The study, funded by the a $75,000 donation from the NFL to the Centers for Disease Control Foundation, also found that there is no evidence that newer helmet technology decreases the risk for concussions.
Catastrophic injuries and fatalities.
Catastrophic injuries are not common in American football. According to the National Center for Catastrophic Sport Injury Research, there were 468 non-fatal injuries resulting in permanent neurological damage across all high school sports in the United States from 1982 to 2011. In football, catastrophic injuries are rare but are devastating when they occur. The rate of catastrophic head injuries has remained low since the introduction of the modern football helmet in the 1970s, but rates of injury are much higher at the high school level than the college level. A 2007 study found that, in high school and college football, there are an average of 7.23 catastrophic head injuries per year: there were 0.67 injuries per 100,000 high school players and 0.21 injuries per 100,000 college players. Over a 13-year period from September 1989 to June 2002, there were 94 players who sustained catastrophic head injuries—8 of these players died as a result of the injury, 46 sustained permanent neurological damage, and 36 made a full recovery. Fifty-nine percent of these players had a history of head injuries, 71% of them occurring in the same season as their catastrophic injury, and most of the catastrophic injuries resulted from being tackled or making a tackle. The study recommended that players exhibiting neurological symptoms should be strongly discouraged from returning to play.
The medical costs for catastrophic injuries can be extremely high—a 2011 estimate from the National Spinal Cord Injury Statistical Center notes that first-year costs of someone who has high tetraplegia, an injury that causes partial or full loss of use in all limbs, is USD $1,044,097, with subsequent years costing $181,328. Many high schools across the United States require students to have an insurance policy, while others offer supplementary insurance to help offset the cost; some schools also request that boosters help families pay for these policies.
Catastrophic injuries have been on a steady decline since the 1960s, due in part to rules banning dangerous forms of contact such as spearing, face tackling and butt blocking. However, catastrophic injuries are still caused by helmet-to-helmet collisions, as well when players hit their heads against an opposing player's knee or the ground. Returning to play after sustaining a head injury earlier in the game also places players at risk for an even more severe injury. Many states are requiring teams to prevent players who have shown any signs of a concussion from returning to a game, while other steps such as more aggressive enforcement of safety rules and better condition of the neck muscles have been suggested. Additionally, coaches are being urged to train players to block with their shoulders instead of their heads.
Fatalities in football are quite rare. A 2013 study of high school and college football players split fatalities into two types: direct fatalities, defined as those caused by "trauma from participation in a sport resulting in a brain injury, cervical fracture, or intra-abdominal injury" and indirect fatalities, defined as those resulting from external factors such as "cardiac failure, heat illness, sickle cell trait , asthma, or pulmonary embolism". The study found that, on average, there are 4 direct fatalities and 8.2 indirect fatalities among high school and college players per year, making indirect fatalities more than twice as common as direct fatalities.
Effects on post-career life.
In addition to immediate health effects, some injuries sustained during a player's career can have effects that extend to their post-career life. A cohort mortality study by researchers at the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) examined 3,349 NFL players who played at least five full seasons from 1959 to 1988. The findings from this study suggest that, in comparison to the typical American male, NFL players live longer on average but have around three times the risk of death associated with neurodegenerative disorders. In particular, the risk of death from Alzheimer's disease and Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) was roughly four times higher among former players than the average American male. The study also compared mortality risks from speed players (quarterbacks, running backs, fullbacks, wide receivers, tight ends, linebackers, cornerbacks, and safeties) and nonspeed players (offensive and defensive linemen), with findings indicating that a greater number of deaths were attributable to neurodegenerative disorders in speed players than nonspeed players. This may be due to the increased momentum of collisions from speed players.
Outside of neurodegenerative disorders, physical injuries sustained during a career can have an adverse effect on post-career life. A 1990 survey conducted jointly between the NFLPA and Ball State University found that 65% of surveyed players had suffered a major injury (defined as one that caused them to miss at least eight games): among players that played before 1959 this number was 42%, but it jumps to 72% among those who played in the 1980s. Additionally, roughly 50% of players who had played in the 1970s and 1980s reported that they retired due to injury, compared to only 32% among those who played prior to 1959. Two-thirds of players reported that injuries they had sustained limited their ability to engage in recreational activity and sports in retirement, while half said their injuries decreased their ability to perform manual labor. A follow-up survey in 1994 found that 47% of recipients reported having arthritis. These reports have been attributed to several factors, including the increase in the use of artificial turf as well as the increasing size and speed of players. Dr. James Andrews, a noted orthopedic surgeon, said that "athletes are bigger, stronger and running faster, and they're tearing up knees from cutting, changing direction on a dime". Andrews also noted the increase in the number of non-contact anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injuries, which he attributed to the size of modern players.
Prevention.
Injuries have always been a part of football, and various methods have been used historically and in modern times to prevent them. One method that has been used to prevent injuries is changing the rules of the sport. An early example of this is the elimination of mass formations like the flying wedge in the early 1900s, due to the large number of severe injuries the formations caused. Smaller wedges consisting of three, four, or five players were frequently used on kickoff returns before wedges were limited to two or fewer players in 2009 by the NFL; a similar rule was adopted by the NCAA a year later. The sharp decrease in the number of catastrophic cervical spine injuries since the mid-1970s has been partially credited to rule changes that modified tackling and blocking techniques. With the increasing awareness of the long-term effects of concussions, the NFL has passed rules prohibiting the targeting of "defenseless" players over-the-shoulder, requiring plays to be blown dead when the runner loses his helmet, and placing more stringent limits to the ability of players who have sustained a concussion to return to play.
Similarly, modern equipment was developed to reduce injuries. The football helmet, although a scapegoat for concussions, serves as effective protection against more dangerous injuries like skull fractures. The modern helmet traces its roots back to the leather helmets used by football players in the early 1900s to protect themselves from head injuries. Helmets later evolved to be made of hard plastic, and a facemask was added to protect players from sustaining facial injuries. Many players also wear mouthguards to prevent injuries to their teeth and tongues; at some levels, such as the NCAA, the use of a mouthguard is mandatory. Football players wear a number of pads to protect themselves - shoulder pads are the most important pads, protecting the shoulder and sternum, but thigh pads, hip pads, tail pads, and knee pads are also used. Many quarterbacks wear flak jackets to protect their ribcage. Cleats come in a number of lengths, with players choosing which cleat to use based on the playing field - on artificial turf, for example, players prefer a shorter cleat to prevent their feet from digging into the ground and risking injury, while longer cleats are generally used on fields that are wet or slippery to provide better traction. Athletic cups are not typically used at the professional level, because athletic cups tend to make it harder to move and there is an unwritten code among players not to target the groin area. Additionally, studies have shown that proper conditioning techniques, fitness routines and exercise routines, as well as high-quality equipment and coaching, can reduce the risk of injury among players.

</doc>
<doc id="2909379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909379" title="Section Eight of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms">
Section Eight of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms

Section 8 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms provides everyone in Canada with protection against unreasonable search and seizure. This right provides Canadians with their primary source of constitutionally enforced privacy rights against unreasonable intrusion from the state. Typically, this protects personal information that can be obtained through searching someone in pat-down, entering someone's property or surveillance.
Under the heading of legal rights, section 8 states:
Any property found or seized by means of a violation of section 8 can be excluded as evidence in a trial under section 24(2).
Reasonable expectation of privacy.
Section 8 does not apply to every search or seizure. Rather, the right focuses on the action being unreasonable on the basis that it violates the expectation of privacy that a reasonable individual would have.
The driver of a motor vehicle normally has a reasonable expectation in the contents of that vehicle, although that same expectation does not necessarily extend to the passenger of a vehicle who is not the owner.
Likewise, a visitor to a dwelling house does not enjoy the same expectation of privacy as a permanent occupant.
A reasonable expectation of privacy generally exists in a hotel room, although the expectation of privacy in a hotel room diminishes in circumstances where the occupant indiscriminately invites members of the public inside.
Information which does not "tend to reveal intimate details of the lifestyle and personal choices of the individual" is usually not subject to a reasonable expectation of privacy. For this reason, utility records are generally not subject to an expectation of privacy, nor are heat patterns which can be detected from outside a private building. Garbage placed at the curb for pickup is considered in law to be abandoned, and therefore fails to engage a reasonable privacy interest.
In R. v. TELUS Communications Co. , the Supreme Court of Canada found that the reasonable expectation of privacy protected by Section 8 of the "Charter" applies to modern communications technologies such as text messages, even if the data in question is located on a third-party server.
Search.
Not every form of examination constitutes search. A search within the meaning of section eight is determined by whether the investigatory technique used by the state diminishes a person's reasonable expectation of privacy. The focus of analysis is upon the purpose of the examination. A police officer who compels someone to produce their licence would not be invasive enough to constitute a search ("R. v. Ladouceur", v. Ladouceur, [1990 1 S.C.R. 1257.</ref>). Equally, an inspection of the inside of a car is not a search, but questions about the contents of a bag would be. ("R. v. Mellenthin" v. Mellenthin, [1992 3 S.C.R. 615.</ref>) It has also been ruled that the use of a police dog as a means to gain probable cause to search is also in itself a violation of Section 8, and that other factors must be present before a police dog can be used and a search executed. ("R. v. A.M." R. v. A.M., 2008 SCC 19</ref> "R. v. Kang-Brown" R. v. Kang‑Brown, 2008 SCC 18</ref>)
In "R. v. Feeney", the Supreme Court of Canada found that the entry into a private home without a warrant constitutes a violation of Section 8.
The use of wiretapping technology is also considered a "search" for the purpose of Section 8. Warrantless wiretapping can sometimes be justified under section 1 of the "Charter" in cases where exigent circumstances exist; however the Supreme Court of Canada found in "R. v. Tse", 2012 SCC 16 that when police use such tactics, they must promptly notify the individual whose reasonable expectation of privacy has been infringed.
The application of Section 8 of the "Charter" is not limited to the criminal context, and has become an issue in civil forfeiture litigation, with some courts holding that "exactly the same "Charter" principles apply to the manner in which that evidence is obtained as would be applicable in a criminal case". 
Seizure.
The meaning of seizure is fairly straightforward. In "R. v. Dyment" (1988), the Court defined it simply as the "taking of a thing from a person by a public authority without that person's consent." This meaning has been narrowed to cover property taken in furtherance of administration or criminal investigation ("Quebec (Attorney General) v. Laroche", [2002). 
References.
Please do not type footnotes here. Instead insert the footnote in its proper spot in the body of this article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="2909406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909406" title="Sarmentose (botany)">
Sarmentose (botany)

A sarmentose is a type of plant which has long slender stolons, or "runners". An example of sarmentose is the strawberry.

</doc>
<doc id="2909407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909407" title="Tokyo Dome City">
Tokyo Dome City

, referred to as Big Egg City before January 1, 2000, is an entertainment complex in Bunkyo, Tokyo, Japan.
It includes the world's largest roofed baseball stadium known as Tokyo Dome (nicknamed "Big Egg"), an amusement park known as Tokyo Dome City Attractions (formerly Kōrakuen Yūenchi), and Korakuen Hall. In May 2003, a spa resort known as LaQua opened for business near Tokyo Dome City Attractions. It also hosts character shows for Toei Company's Toei Superheroes, including the Super Sentai series.
The Tokyo Dome City contains the Tokyo Dome Hotel, a 43-story hotel that is easily visible from the street and from the Tokyo Subway Suidobashi Station, which is only two blocks away.

</doc>
<doc id="2909414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909414" title="Black squirrel">
Black squirrel

The black squirrel is a melanistic subgroup of the eastern gray squirrel. They are common in the Midwestern United States, Ontario, Quebec, parts of the Northeastern United States and Britain.
Habitat.
As a melanistic variety of the eastern grey squirrel, individual black squirrels can exist wherever grey squirrels live. Grey mating pairs cannot produce black offspring. Grey squirrels have 2 copies of a normal pigment gene and black squirrels have either 1 or 2 copies of a mutant pigment gene. If a black squirrel has 2 copies of the mutant gene it will be jet black. If it has 1 copy of a mutant gene and 1 normal gene it will be brown-black. In areas with high concentrations of black squirrels, mixed litters are common. The black subgroup seems to have been predominant throughout North America prior to the arrival of Europeans in the 16th century, since their dark colour helped them hide in old growth forests which tended to be very dense and shaded. As time passed, hunting and deforestation led to biological advantages for grey coloured individuals. Today, the black subgroup is particularly abundant in the northern part of the eastern grey squirrel's range. This is likely due to the significantly increased cold tolerance of black squirrels which lose less heat than greys. Black squirrels also enjoy concealment advantages in denser northern forests.
Distribution.
Large natural populations of black squirrels can be found throughout Ontario and in several parts of Ohio, Maryland, Michigan, Indiana, Virginia, Washington, D.C., Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Pennsylvania. Populations of grey squirrels in which the black subgroup is predominant can be found in these six areas as well as in smaller enclaves in Missouri, New Jersey, southern New York, Illinois and Connecticut. Outside areas of North America where black squirrels occur naturally in abundance, there are several notable introduced populations of black squirrels:
In the United States, the city of Kent, Ohio, developed a significant black squirrel population after 10 were legally imported from Canada in February 1961 by Larry Woodell the head groundskeeper at Kent State University. They have driven out native squirrels in many areas, though they peacefully coexist with most other rodent wildlife.
Black squirrels are well established in the Quad Cities area along the Iowa-Illinois boundary. According to one story, recounted in the book "The Palmers", they were first introduced on the Rock Island Arsenal Island. Some of them then escaped by jumping across ice floes on the Mississippi River when it was frozen and populated other areas in Rock Island. In Iowa, their population extends to the west, including Council Bluffs, where it is the town mascot. From there they have spread in increasing abundance into eastern Nebraska by making their way across the Missouri River and into Omaha, Lincoln, and the surrounding areas.
Black squirrels are abundant in Battle Creek, Michigan, and, according to legend, were first introduced there by Will Keith Kellogg, founder of the Kellogg Company, in an effort to destroy the local population of red squirrels. The story continues that this same population of squirrels was further introduced to the campus of Michigan State University by John Harvey Kellogg for the same purpose.This story was corrected by Wilbur C. "Joe" Johnson, the late chief wildlife biologist at MSU's Kellogg Biological Station near Battle Creek which includes W.K. Kellogg's former 32-acre estate at Gull Lake. Johnson, who worked at KBS for 48 years, credited Dr. John Harvey Kellogg for introducing the black squirrel to the Kellogg estate during the 1930s. Johnson said he himself trapped 20 black squirrels at Gull Lake during the early 1960s at the specific request of former MSU president John A. Hannah and released them on the East Lansing campus.
The black squirrel has become the predominate squirrel species In Van Wert, Ohio -- descendants of several examples reputedly trapped in Michigan during the 1970s by two local residents who wanted to prove their existence to disbelieving friends.
Fort Mitchell, Kentucky, maintains a significant population of black squirrels after several were introduced from Detroit prior to 1977.
Black squirrels were introduced to Stanley Park in Westfield, Massachusetts, in 1948, having been brought from Michigan as a gift to a local business man. The squirrels are thriving in the park as of 2011.
Marysville, Kansas, has a notable population of black squirrels which legend claims arrived there by escaping from a travelling circus. The city of Hobbs, New Mexico attempted to introduce black squirrels from Marysville in 1973. However, the new population of black squirrels did not survive, likely having been killed by local fox squirrels shortly after their introduction.
Eighteen Canadian black squirrels were released at the National Zoo in Washington, D.C., near the beginning of the 20th century during President Theodore Roosevelt's administration. Since their introduction, the population of black squirrels in and near Washington have slowly but steadily increased, and black squirrels now account for up to half of the squirrel population in certain locations, such as the grounds of the Washington National Cathedral.
Eastern black squirrels were introduced at Stanford University and can be found on adjoining property in Palo Alto and Menlo Park.
Vancouver, British Columbia, has a growing population of black squirrels after they were introduced to the Stanley Park Peninsula before 1914. The squirrels have thrived and spread throughout the Vancouver area.
Black squirrels can also be found in Britain, where grey squirrels were first introduced from North America at the end of the 19th century. The origin of the UK's black individuals has been a topic of dispute, with initial research indicating that melanistic individuals are descendants of black zoo escapees. Regardless of their origins, the melanistic population in the UK continues to grow, and around the towns of Letchworth, Stevenage and Hitchin, as well as nearby villages such as Shillington and Meppershall in England, black squirrels are now as abundant as grey individuals. Black squirrels have been present and studied in Cambridgeshire since the 1990s; in the village of Girton three quarters of the squirrel population is black.
There is a large population of black squirrels in the Stuyvesant Town–Peter Cooper Village development in Manhattan, New York City. Residents of the large residential development have taken to nicknaming the black squirrel a "sqrat".
Mascot and symbol.
Though black squirrels are common or predominant in many areas of North America, their overall rarity (perhaps as few as 1 in 10,000) has caused many towns, cities, colleges, and universities to take special pride in their populations of black squirrels. Several cities and towns in the United States and one in Canada make efforts to publicly promote their local populations of black squirrels.
Several colleges and universities in the United States promote the black squirrel as an official or unofficial mascot:

</doc>
<doc id="2909418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909418" title="Ghost of Your Ex-Boyfriend Productions">
Ghost of Your Ex-Boyfriend Productions

Ghost of Your Ex-Boyfriend Productions is the production team behind the independent Australian television production "John Safran vs God". It is an amalgamation of John Safran's Ex-Boyfriend Productions, and Richard Lowenstein's Ghost Productions. 

</doc>
<doc id="2909422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909422" title="Secund">
Secund

Secund (Lat. "secundus", "following") is a botanical term used of plants when similar parts are directed to one side only, as flowers on an axis.

</doc>
<doc id="2909427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909427" title="Chicago hip hop">
Chicago hip hop

The hip hop scene in Chicago, Illinois has produced many artists of various styles.
Musical styles.
Chicago hip hop artists have never coalesced around an easily defined style or sound (with the exception of the recent drill scene). Instead, Chicago hip hop artists took inspiration from a variety of regional influences - initially the East Coast, with its jazz and soul based sampling and "conscious" lyricism. At the same time, other Chicago artists embraced West Coast production, with its funky, synth-driven instrumentation. Eventually, artists like Twista, Do or Die, Crucial Conflict and Psychodrama put their own twist on West Coast instrumentation, adding double-time high hat patterns, and, in what would become Chicago's first, home-grown, and immediately recognizable "style", rapping in double or triple time over the funky, synth-driven beats.
Chicago hip hop's embrace of eclectic regional styles was also reflected in (and probably influenced by) the playlists of local hip hop radio stations, which gave West Coast, East Coast, and especially southern Hip Hop equal consideration.
Choppers.
Choppers, or rappers with incredibly fast flow, originated primarily in the Midwest and in the 1990s, with the scene in Chicago becoming the city's first cohesive hip hop style. The most significant rappers and groups to come out of Chicago during this time included Do or Die, Crucial Conflict, and Twista, who at one point was considered the world's fastest rapper.
"Chipmunk soul" and alternative hip hop.
The success of Kanye West has had a ripple effect on the local hip hop, with his production style (called "chipmunk soul") having a large impact on albums like Common's critically acclaimed album "Be" and Twista's "Kamikaze", both of whom are Chicago hip hop veterans and both of whom have guested on West's tracks. His alternative, non-gangster sound also helped pave the way for non-gangster rappers like Lupe Fiasco, whose career had a huge boost when he guested on West's track Touch The Sky, in addition to conscious rappers such as Rhymefest. West's influence is still felt in the local hip hop scene by up and coming rappers like Vic Mensa and Chance the Rapper, with West's The College Dropout being the first hip hop record Chance ever heard.
Drill scene.
A new sound that has recently gotten very popular in Chicago is a new style of hip hop called drill music that formed on Chicago's South Side. This style is very slow, repetitive, heavily influenced by trap music which is synonymous with Southern hip-hop and far more thuggish than the music Chicago rappers of the past have put out and is considered representative of the South Side's dangerous environment and its effect on the youth. The main rapper in this scene who has brought this style to mainstream prominence is Chief Keef, and his success has extended to other local rappers in the drill scene such as King L, Lil Durk, Lil Reese.
Notable musicians.
Psychodrama.
Psychodrama is a Chicago hip hop group best known for its 1996 single "Magic" (from the album "Greatest Hits") and "Horrible Terrible" (from the album "Time Vs Life"). The members of Psychodrama are Buk, Psyde FX, and Newsense. They frequently collaborate with fellow Chicago rappers Triple Darkness. They recently finished their album Universal Session Reloaded, with their newest single, "Somebody Stop Me".
Crucial Conflict.
Crucial Conflict is a Chicago hip hop group best known for its 1996 single "Hay" (from the album "The Final Tic") and "Scummy" (from the album "Good Side, Bad Side"). The members of Crucial Conflict are Coldhard, Wildstyle, Kilo, and Never. They frequently collaborate with fellow Chicago rappers Do or Die and Twista. They recently finished their album Planet Crucon, with their newest single, "Barn Fire".
Crucial Conflict, with the help of Do or Die, made the Chicago rap community more visible. With fast-paced raps, the band was compared to Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, with whom they later ended up feuding. When the smash hit "Hay" was released, it improved the sales of the band's album "The Final Tic".
They have collaborated and worked with such artists as Three 6 Mafia, Do or Die, Twista, R. Kelly, 2Pac, Warren G, The Outlawz, George Clinton, Project Pat, Da Brat, Busta Rhymes, and many others.
Crucial Conflict has also recorded tracks for movie soundtracks such as "Def Jam's How to Be a Player", "Rhyme & Reason", "Belly", and "Thicker Than Water". They also made a brief cameo appearance in the 1998 Hype Williams movie "Belly", which starred DMX and Nas.
Common.
Common's success as an underground rapper in the nineties was the first time that significant attention was paid to Chicago hip hop as a separate entity. The singles from his first album reached the top ten in the Billboard Hot Rap Tracks and the attention of music critics and fans alike shifted to the Midwest based on Common's lyricism. This opened the door for other blossoming MCs from Chicago in the mid-nineties (such as Da Brat), but Chicago hip hop was still vastly overshadowed by the West and East Coast hip hop scene. Still, Common has found mainstream success in the 21st century with Grammy winning albums like "Finding Forever" and "Be", and is recognized as an icon of Midwest hip hop.
Kanye West.
Kanye West's lyricism, then not prevalent in rap music, disregarded any talk about how well-respected, or "hard" the rapper was on the street. As West became successful, many other rappers from other places like Drake and Kid Cudi realized that they could use alternative hip hop to gain mainstream success as well, and many rappers re-orientated their styles from a gangsta rap persona to an emphasis on other things. This was significant for Chicago, as many rappers from there do not have hardcore styles, having been influenced by Common or Kanye West.
The recent surge in popularity for alternative hip hop finally gives Chicago artists an opportunity to be successful. As the violence in hip hop toned down during the late 2000s, conscious rappers such as Lupe Fiasco and The Cool Kids became a regular in the Chicago rap scene.
Lupe Fiasco.
Lupe Fiasco was a guest artist on "Touch the Sky" with Kanye West. His debut album was "Food & Liquor". Receiving both critical and public praise, "Food & Liquor" peaked at #8 on the Billboard 200, and at one point was at #2 on the Hip Hop Billboard Charts. It was nominated in 2007 for three Grammys, including Best Rap Album, Best Rap Song, and Best Solo Rap Performance. Fiasco's "The Cool" was released in late December 2007. His single "Superstar" peaked to #10 on The Billboard Hot 100, making it his most successful single on the chart until 2011, where he released his most successful album to date, Lasers along with his most successful single to date, the Kane Beatz-produced track, "The Show Goes On". He released his fourth album, "" recently.
No I.D..
Record producer No I.D. has been cited as having an instrumental role in the development of alternative hip-hop. Having worked with both Common and Kanye West. In fact, West mentions No I.D. as his mentor in his song "Big Brother" from the "Graduation" album. He produced most of Common's first three albums, and his 2011 album, "The Dreamer, The Believer".
Do or Die.
Do or Die is a gangsta rap trio originally from Chicago, Illinois. The group experienced mainstream success with the single "Po Pimp", a collaboration with fellow Chicago rapper Twista, from the album "Picture This". Group members are brothers Belo, Nard and AK-47. The trio has sold more than three million albums. Many of the tracks feature Chicago's own Johnny P singing the hooks and The Legendary Traxster on production.
Twista.
Twista is known primarily for his rapid-fire delivery. At one point recognized by the "Guinness Book of World Records" as the world's fastest rapper, Twista's success has come largely with other Chicago acts (notably Kanye West and Do or Die). His most successful album to date, 2004's "Kamikaze", and its two singles, "Slow Jamz" and "Overnight Celebrity", were all chart toppers.
Rhymefest.
Rhymefest hails from a Chicago neighborhood known as Jeffrey Manor. Although relatively new—he has released two albums, "Blue Collar", and "El Che". He was a co-writer of Kanye West's 2004 single, "Jesus Walks". His debut album, "Blue Collar" hit #61 on the Billboard 200.
Da Brat.
The Jermaine Dupri protégé had chart success in 1994 with her single and video entitled "Funkdafied" taken from her debut album of the same name. During the rest of the decade, she remained somewhat low-key and came to be known more for her featured appearances on other rappers' and R&B singers' albums than for her own solo work.
MC Juice.
MC Juice or simply Juice, is a freestyle rapper from Chicago, known for his seamlessly smooth flow and his ability as a ‘punchline rapper’ he has received acclaim for his freestyles and battle raps. He is best known for beating Eminem in a freestyle battle; the famous Scribble Jam freestyle battle competition in 1997. He was regarded in 2004 as one of finest freestyle rappers ever produced by Chicago.
Chief Keef.
Chief Keef is known for his particularly violent lyrics. His music is considered to be a representation and portrayal of the youth of the violent streets of Chicago. He is largely responsible for the introduction of Drill, a derivative branch of trap music formed in Chicago, to the mainstream. At the age of 17, he is the youngest label head in history. His debut album Finally Rich was released on December 18, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2909431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909431" title="Vajrasamadhi-sutra">
Vajrasamadhi-sutra

The Vajrasamadhi-sutra, literally sutra of the vajra samadhi, is a Korean Chán-text ascribed to Vairocana-shakyamuni Buddha.
History.
The Vajrasamadhi-sutra is regarded by some to be an "apocryphal scripture" written by a Korean monk around 685 CE.
Contents.
In the Vajrasamadhi-sutra, the Buddha lectures to an assembly of bodhisattvas, shravakas, arhats and all the various classes of beings which exist in the universe, on the subtlest doctrines concerning existence, nonexistence and perfect enlightenment. 
The overall tone of the sutra is of repentance in order to purify karma and become a perfect Buddha. The leading intercolutors in the sutra are shravaka Ananda, bodhisattva Kshitigarbha, arhat Shariputra and the bodhisattva Cittaraja (mind-king).

</doc>
<doc id="2909433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909433" title="Glen Waverley Secondary College">
Glen Waverley Secondary College

Glen Waverley Secondary College is a non-selective public government school located in Glen Waverley, Victoria, Australia. It is one of the largest secondary schools in Victoria, with around 2000 students and 135 teachers. 
History.
The college was formed through the amalgamation of three secondary schools in the early 1990s: Syndal High School, Lawrence Secondary College (also known as Syndal Technical School) and Glen Waverley High School.
Academic results.
In 2006, four students from the College achieved the maximum possible score of 99.95 on the Victorian Certificate of Education a high result for a non-private school and non-selective school. In 2010 and 2011 the College was the top performing non-selective or specialist state school in Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="2909434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909434" title="Seventh Heaven">
Seventh Heaven

Seventh Heaven or 7th Heaven may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2909444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909444" title="Pubstro">
Pubstro

A pubstro is a computer that has been cracked into, and had an FTP server installed. This FTP server is used to facilitate the transferring and spreading of warez, or copyrighted software.
This is typically accomplished by scanning broad IP address ranges with port scanners in search of servers running open ports that are vulnerable to attack by various scripts (e.g. CGI, PHP, VNC, etc.). The scripts are utilized to gain entry into the server whereupon the cracker uploads server software and creates logins. Many crackers will then patch the server against the very vulnerabilities they utilized to compromise the system thereby protecting it from being hijacked by other FXP groups.
Although widely used among FXP boards, pubstros are frowned upon in the warez scene.

</doc>
<doc id="2909459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909459" title="Dewey Warren">
Dewey Warren

Dewey Warren (born May 7, 1945) is a former American football quarterback for the University of Tennessee football team and the American Football League's Cincinnati Bengals. 
College career.
In three seasons with Warren as the starting quarterback of the Tennessee Volunteers, their record was 19-6. He was the first UT quarterback to pass for more than a 1,000 yards in a season.
During his sophomore season, he led the Vols to a win against the Rose Bowl-bound UCLA Bruins and a berth in the Bluebonnet Bowl. 
Before Warren took over as quarterback, Tennessee's single-season records were 75 passing attempts, 36 completions (by Johnny Majors in the 1950s), and 552 yards. Under coach Doug Dickey's wide-open T-formation offense, in 1966, Warren threw 229 passes with 136 completions and 1,716 yards.
Warren led Tennessee to an 8-3 record in that transformational 1966 season, followed by an 18-12 win over Syracuse University in the 1966 Gator Bowl, for which he was named the game's MVP. The following year, the Vols went 9-2, won the Southeastern Conference championship and were recognized by Litkenhous as national champions before a 26-24 loss to the University of Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl. He finished eighth in the voting for the 1967 Heisman Trophy.
Warren ended his UT career with 3,357 yards passing and 27 touchdowns.
Professional career.
Warren was selected in the sixth round (155th overall) of the 1968 NFL/AFL Draft. 
He spent one season with the American Football League's Cincinnati Bengals in the team's expansion year, playing in seven games in 1968 and starting three. Sharing time with Bengals quarterbacks John Stofa and Sam Wyche, Warren completed 47 passes in 80 attempts (58.8 percent) for 506 yards and one touchdown. 
Coaching.
Warren coached at Brigham Young University, Kansas State University, Tennessee, and the University of the South.
Warren was instrumental in revolutionizing college football under LaVell Edwards at Brigham Young. Edwards, who had spent his career as a defensive coach, became head coach in 1972; he knew that BYU lacked the blue-chip athletes necessary to win consistently with a conventional run-oriented game, so handed the offense to Warren, who had been hired to install a passing attack. 
Warren's offense turned every running play into a passing play, and overwhelmed defenses with four and five receivers, coming from every possible position in the offense. Although Warren left BYU after only two seasons, his offense, led by quarterback Gary Sheide, was already setting records. BYU continues to use his offense, with further refinements, today.
Personal.
Warren is now the host of a sports talk radio show in Knoxville, Tennessee, where he lives, and also plays in charity golf tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="2909461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909461" title="Candelilla wax">
Candelilla wax

Candelilla wax is a wax derived from the leaves of the small Candelilla shrub native to northern Mexico and the southwestern United States, "Euphorbia cerifera" and "Euphorbia antisyphilitica", from the family "Euphorbiaceae". It is yellowish-brown, hard, brittle, aromatic, and opaque to translucent.
Composition and production.
With a melting point of 68.5–72.5 °C, candelilla wax consists of mainly hydrocarbons (about 50%, chains with 29–33 carbons), esters of higher molecular weight (20–29%), free acids (7–9%), and resins (12–14%, mainly triterpenoid esters). The high hydrocarbon content distinguishes this wax from carnauba wax. It is insoluble in water, but soluble in many organic solvents such as acetone, chloroform, benzene.
The wax is obtained by boiling the leaves and stems with dilute sulfuric acid, and the resulting "cerote" is skimmed from the surface and further processed. In this way, about 900 tons are produced annually.
Uses.
It is mostly used mixed with other waxes to harden them without raising their melting point. As a food additive, candelilla wax has the E number E 902 and is used as a glazing agent. It also finds use in cosmetic industry, as a component of lip balms and lotion bars. One of its major uses was a binder for chewing gums.
Candelilla wax can be used as a substitute for carnauba wax and beeswax. It is also used for making varnish.

</doc>
<doc id="2909487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909487" title="James Whiteside">
James Whiteside

James Whiteside (12 August 1804 – 25 November 1876) was an Irish politician and judge.
Background and education.
Whiteside was the son of William Whiteside, a clergyman of the Church of Ireland, and was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, being called to the Irish bar in 1830.
Legal and judicial career.
Whiteside very rapidly acquired a large practice, and after taking silk in 1842 he gained a reputation for forensic oratory surpassing that of all his contemporaries, and rivalling that of his most famous predecessors of the 18th century. He defended Daniel O'Connell in the state trial of 1843, and William Smith O'Brien in 1848; and his greatest triumph was in the Yelverton case in 1861. He was elected member for Enniskillen in 1851, and in 1859 became member for Dublin University. In Parliament, he was no less successful as a speaker than at the bar, and in 1852 was appointed Solicitor-General for Ireland in the first administration of the Earl of Derby, becoming Attorney-General for Ireland in 1858, and again in 1866. In the same year he was appointed Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench. In 1848, after a visit to Italy, he published "Italy in the Nineteenth Century"; and in 1870 he collected and republished some papers contributed many years before to periodicals, under the title "Early Sketches of Eminent Persons".
Personal life.
In July 1833 Whiteside married Rosetta, daughter of William Napier, and sister of Sir Joseph Napier, Lord Chancellor of Ireland. He died on 25 November 1876 in Brighton, Sussex.
References.
Andrew Shields, Irish Conservative Party, 1852-68 (Irish Academic Press, 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="2909488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909488" title="John Wright (Bishop of Pittsburgh)">
John Wright (Bishop of Pittsburgh)

John Joseph Wright (July 18, 1909 – August 10, 1979) was an American cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Prefect of the Congregation for the Clergy from 1969 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1969.
Biography.
Early life and ordination.
John Joseph Wright was born in Dorchester, Massachusetts, to John and Harriet (née Cokely) Wright. While attending Boston Latin School, he worked at the Hyde Park branch of the Boston Public Library as stack boy in the evenings and summers. Wright graduated from Boston College in 1931, and then entered St. John's Seminary in Brighton. At the end of his first year at St. John's, he was sent to Rome to study at the Pontifical North American College and the Pontifical Gregorian University. He was ordained to the priesthood by Cardinal Francesco Marchetti Selvaggiani on December 8, 1935 in the chapel of the North American College.
Professor.
After his ordination he did graduate work at the Gregorian, earning his Licentiate of Sacred Theology in 1936 and his Doctorate of Sacred Theology in 1939. Wright taught philosophy and theology at his "alma mater" of St. John's Seminary until 1943, when he was appointed private secretary to the Cardinal Archbishop of Boston, William Henry O'Connell. Wright continued in this position under O'Connell's successor, Cardinal Richard Cushing, and was raised to the rank of Monsignor on December 17, 1944.
Auxiliary bishop of Boston.
On May 10, 1947, he was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Boston and Titular Bishop of "Aegeae". Wright received his episcopal consecration on the following June 30 from Archbishop Cushing, with Bishops Ralph Hayes and James Connelly serving as co-consecrators, in the Cathedral of the Holy Cross. Wright was later named the first Bishop of Worcester on January 28, 1950. In this position, he criticized both Utopians and doom-sayers, and said that an exemplary Christian "the vast errors of which human nature is capable...but [knows that grace is stronger than sin".
Bishop of Pittsburgh.
Wright became the eighth Bishop of Pittsburgh on January 23, 1959, and then attended the Second Vatican Council (1962–65), during which he was decisive force behind several of its documents. Following the Council's advancements in ecumenism, he believed that an "immediate unity in good works and charity" would arise between Catholics and Protestants.
Congregation for the Clergy.
Pope Paul VI appointed Wright as the Prefect of the Congregation for the Clergy, and thus the highest-ranking American in the Roman Curia, on April 23, 1969.
Cardinal.
He was created Cardinal Priest of "Gesù Divin Maestro alla Pineta Sacchetti" by Pope Paul in the consistory of April 28, 1969. Wright was one of the four cardinals who travelled to Auschwitz in 1972 for a memorial of Maximilian Kolbe; besides John Krol, he was the only other American cardinal to visit Poland.
Wright did not participate in the August 1978 conclave because he was recovering from surgery, but he was one of the cardinal electors in the conclave of the following October, which selected Pope John Paul II.
Views.
He was an intellectual who was liberal on social issues, but conservative in theology. He espoused civil rights and condemned the Vietnam War, but opposed ordination of women and birth control. He believed that annual Synods of Bishops would be useless and burdenful, and that seven years was the appropriate age for children to receive the Sacrament of Penance, as it might be thus able to correct sinful behavior at an early age. He also believed that Pope John Paul I would be "a witty Pontiff who delights in combining love of literature with love of the words of God."
Wright died from polymyositis in Cambridge, Massachusetts, at age 70. He is buried in Holyhood Cemetery in Brookline, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2909509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909509" title="A Long Ride from Hell">
A Long Ride from Hell

A Long Ride from Hell, in the original Italian known as Vivo per la tua morte (literally "I Live For Your Death!"), is a 1967 film directed by Camillo Bazzoni. It was based on the novel "Judas Gun" by Gordon D. Shirreffs. The film was bodybuilder Steve Reeves' final film prior to his retirement. Reeves financed the film himself upon seeing the successful box office returns of the Clint Eastwood spaghetti westerns at the time, but the film did poorly and Reeves retired from filmmaking that year.
Reeves portrays cowboy Mike Sturges, who, along with his younger brother, Roy, are sentenced to Yuma Penitentiary on a trumped-up train robbery charge. Both endure cruel treatment before Mike escapes to exact revenge on their enemies.
Releases.
Wild East originally released this in a limited edition R0 NTSC DVD in 2008. In 2011 Code Red, after settling a distribution rights dispute with Wild East, re-released the film with Wild East's special features, an interview with Mimmo Palmara and a feature with Steve Reeves. Both are out-of-print.

</doc>
<doc id="2909516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909516" title="The Sword of God (album)">
The Sword of God (album)

The Sword of God is the 2001 album by the Portland indie-rock duo Quasi, released on Touch and Go Records in the United States, and Domino Records in the U.K.
Critical reception.
"The Sword of God" received mixed, but generally positive reviews. Thom Jurek of Allmusic lauded the improved musicianship, writing: "Weiss has become a stomping drummer, a poignant, ironically comedic lyricist, and a smart-assed vocalist, and Coomes has become a smoking guitar player and a proficient if not deft keyboardist."
Critics noted a marked change in sonic direction from their previous efforts, Featuring "Birds" and Field Studies, but had mixed reactions to the changes. "Billboard (magazine)" positively described the sound as "freewheeling" and "mangier, almost bar-band", while "Pitchfork's" Mat LeMay felt that "the efforts made by the band to expand their oeuvre on "The Sword of God" just fall flat." In contrast to those reviews, Keith Phipps of The A.V. Club criticized the lack of change: ""Sword of God" is fine, but it suffers from following two better albums, which it resembles too closely to avoid comparison."
Track listing.
All tracks by Sam Coomes except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2909526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909526" title="Hercules Unchained">
Hercules Unchained

Hercules Unchained (, "Hercules and the Queen of Lydia") is a 1959 Italian-French epic fantasy feature film starring Steve Reeves and Sylva Koscina in a story about two warring brothers and Hercules' tribulations in the court of Queen Omphale. The film is the sequel to the Reeves vehicle "Hercules" (1958) and marks Reeves' second - and last - appearance as Hercules. The film's screenplay, loosely based upon various Greek myths and dramas, was written by Ennio De Concini and Pietro Francisci with Francisci directing and Bruno Vailati and Ferruccio De Martino producing the film. 
Plot.
While travelling, Hercules is asked to intervene in a quarrel between two brothers, Eteocles and Polynices, over who should rule Thebes. Before he can complete this task, Hercules drinks from a magic spring and is hypnotized by a harem girl who dances the "Dance of Shiva", loses his memory and becomes the captive of Queen Omphale of Lydia. The Queen keeps men until she tires of them, then has them made into statues. While young Ulysses tries to help him regain his memory, Hercules' wife, Iole, finds herself in danger from Eteocles, current ruler of Thebes, who plans on throwing her to the wild beasts in his entertainment arena. Hercules slays three tigers in succession and rescues his wife, then assists the Theban army in repelling mercenary attackers hired by Polynices. The two brothers ultimately fight one another for the throne and end up killing each other; the good high priest Creon is elected by acclaim.
Production.
The tale of Hercules and Queen Omphale is taken from the ancient Greek myth, of which there are several variations throughout history. Character names are drawn from a mixture of various Greek legends and plays, notably "The Seven Against Thebes" by Aeschylus and "Oedipus at Colonus" by Sophocles. Hercules' line "I wove the threads my memory together" is a reference to his task of spinning thread and weaving with Omphale's attendants. The film is only very loosely based on the source material, randomly mixing events and featuring characterizations varying from those depicted in the sources.
Reception.
Film critic Howard Hughes argues that due to a better script, "punchier action" and more convincing acting the film was "superior to its predecessor" Hercules. Concerning the cast he praises in particular the French actress Sylvia Lopez ("movingly effective") whose career ended prematurely when in 1958 she died at the age of 28 of leukaemia.
Legacy.
"Hercules Unchained" has been broadcast on American television, and is available in both VHS and DVD formats. The film's Italian title means ""Hercules and the Queen of Lydia"". The film was also featured in an episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000".

</doc>
<doc id="2909529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909529" title="Upcoming">
Upcoming

Upcoming (formerly Upcoming.org) was a social event calendar website that launched in 2003, founded by Andy Baio. On October 4, 2005, Upcoming.org was acquired by Yahoo!. In April 2013, Yahoo announced the retirement of Upcoming.
In May 2014, Andy Baio announced a Kickstarter campaign to relaunch the site, successfully raising the $30,000 goal.
Features.
Upcoming combined features of an event calendar and a social networking site. Primarily, the site was a searchable, browsable repository of upcoming events, such as music concerts, art exhibits, and conferences. Event information was primarily contributed by the user community, although in its later years, an increasing percentage of event data originated from commercial sources. Users could indicate their plans by marking that they are "watching" or "going" to an event. Users could also establish "friend" relationships with each other and receive notifications about what their friends were attending. Upcoming also offered users reminders via email or SMS when a particular event was about to occur.
The site switched to the Yahoo! user accounts system in early 2007, and changed its domain name to upcoming.yahoo.com. At the same time, the site formally changed its name from "Upcoming.org" to simply "Upcoming". Despite this, many users of the site still link to and refer to the site as "Upcoming.org".
Upcoming used iCalendar, RSS, and GeoRSS for content syndication and supported an open API for searching or submitting event data. It also used hCalendar microformats, so that events can be downloaded directly into calendar applications. Finally, users could also post badges on their own websites, powered by Javascript, which listed all their Upcoming events.
Community.
As of 2008, the overwhelming majority of users and events were located in North America, particularly among fans of independent music, web technologists, and the San Francisco Bay Area. However, Upcoming users could be found almost anywhere on the globe, often submitting event data in their local language. Upcoming was fully capable of storing and searching multilingual content, although the site sported only a US-English interface.
Competitors and Influence.
At least one competitor, known as Eventful, has emerged since Upcoming was launched in 2003. Some music sites later branched out into this space, such as last.fm and iLike, building on their knowledge of their users' tastes. Facebook's event system is very much like a simplified version of Upcoming's, although it is more typically used for informal or private get-togethers. Other competitors in the events calendar space include EventSetter.com and Zvents.com, which was acquired by StubHub in December 2011.
Relaunch.
On the 7th May 2014, Andy Baio launched a Kickstarter to re-launch upcoming.org independently of Yahoo!. Yahoo! had offered the upcoming.org to Baio for purchase following the closure of the web site. Within 90 minutes of launch, the project reached its $30,000 funding target. Baio wrote on the launch page for the Kickstarter funding effort, "Like many of the people that used it, I miss Upcoming. Nothing's come to replace it in the years since, and I have the same problems that motivated me to build it a decade ago -- I'm missing interesting events in my city and struggling to discover interesting events when I travel."

</doc>
<doc id="2909530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909530" title="Julian Richer">
Julian Richer

Julian Richer (born 9 March 1959 in London) is an English retailer, best known as the founder and 100% shareholder of Richer Sounds, the UK’s biggest hi-fi retailer. He is also the owner of EmpireDirect.co.uk. Richer has gained a reputation for his motivational style of management and his charitable activities.
Career.
Richer's business career started at the age of 14 while he was still at school at Clifton College, Bristol, and he opened his first shop in London Bridge aged 19. This store (now relocated to Tooley Street) held the Guinness record for the highest sales per square foot of any retail outlet in the world and the company has now grown to over 50 stores across the UK.
In January 2011 Richer Sounds plc received a Royal Warrant by HRH The Prince of Wales as a supplier of Consumer Electronic Products. The company also received the Which? Best Retailer award in May 2010 and the Which? Best High Street Retailer award in May 2011.
He is also a 51% shareholder of Audio Partnership, an electronics company designing, commissioning and distributing electronics to over 50 countries.
Richer developed his activities as a motivational adviser, and in the past advised some of the country’s largest organisations at chief executive level on staff motivation, customer service, cultural change, communications and suggestion schemes, although now he has stepped back from this role. His book, "The Richer Way", is now in its fifth edition and was the best selling business book at WH Smith's when it was published in November 1995. He published his second book, "Richer on Leadership", in January 1999.
Although not keen on public speaking, he was made the youngest ever Business Communicator of the Year for 1995. He was also awarded Honorary Doctorates in Business Administration from Kingston University in January 2002 and from Bournemouth University in 2003.
Legacy.
In November 2013, Richer inadvertently in an interview with the Financial Times said that he intends to leave 100% of Richer Sounds to his staff via a trust.
Charitable and personal interests.
He has a policy that Richer Sounds gives 15% of its profits to his charitable trust to distribute. He was the first Patron of The Big Issue Foundation, is patron of Irwell Valley Housing Association and is a Vice President of the RSPCA. From 1998 until 2006 he was a director of Duchy Originals, the Prince of Wales’ charitable trading company, and received an LVO (Lieutenant of the Royal Victoria Order) in 2007 in recognition of his work for them. He is the founder and a trustee of ACTS 435, a national initiative to help those in need, which was launched successfully at the York Synod by The Archbishop of York Dr. John Sentamu, in June 2010. In 2013 he founded and funded a charity 'ASB Help'for the victims of anti-social behaviour which was launched in October of that year, dedicated to the memory of Fiona Pilkington and her daughter Francecca.
He is also keen to help musicians via his Richer Unsigned project.
He is a Governor of Clifton College, his old school, despite his relatively poor academic performance whilst a pupil there.
He has been married to his wife Rosie since 1982. In his spare time he loves drumming and plays in / manages a very active jazz, pop and soul band, which plays regularly in Yorkshire and beyond. 

</doc>
<doc id="2909535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909535" title="Truncation (disambiguation)">
Truncation (disambiguation)

Truncation is the term used for limiting the number of digits right of the decimal point by discarding the least significant ones.
Truncation may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2909541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909541" title="Infantry tactics">
Infantry tactics

Infantry tactics are the combination of military concepts and methods used by infantry to achieve tactical objectives during combat. The role of the infantry on the battlefield is typically to close with the enemy and kill or capture him (or to defend positions against enemy attacks) and infantry tactics are the means by which this is achieved. Traditionally infantry have made up the largest proportion of an army's fighting strength, and consequently often suffer the heaviest casualties (KIA/DOW, WIA, & MIA, but excluding POW). Throughout history infantrymen have sought to minimise their losses in both attack and defence through effective tactics.
Infantry tactics are the oldest method of warfare, and span all eras. In different periods, the prevailing technology of the day has had an important impact on infantry tactics. In the opposite direction, tactical methods can encourage the development of particular technologies. Similarly, as weapons and tactics evolve, so too do the tactical formations employed such as the Greek phalanx, the Spanish "tercio", the Napoleonic column or the British 'thin red line'. In different periods the numbers of troops deployed as a single unit can also vary widely, from thousands to a few dozen.
Modern infantry tactics vary with the type of infantry deployed. Armoured and mechanised infantry are moved and supported in action by vehicles, while others may operate amphibiously from ships, or as airborne troops inserted by helicopter, parachute or glider, whereas light infantry may operate mainly on foot. In recent years peacekeeping operations in support of humanitarian relief efforts have become particularly important. Tactics also vary with terrain with operations in urban areas, jungle, desert or arctic conditions all being markedly different.
Although infantry tactics in the 21st Century rely on a large variety of weapons and equipment using diverse technologies, the primary tool of the trade used in infantry tactics is the rifle of the individual infantryman, and the equipment item infantry tactics most depends on, aside from availability of food, water and ammunition, is the pair of boots used for marching from position to position. In this regard, modern warfare does not differ significantly from the time of Jason of Pherae.
Ancient infantry tactics.
The infantry phalanx was a Sumerian tactical formation as far back as the third millennium BC. It was a tightly knit group of "hoplite"s, generally upper and middle class men, typically eight to twelve ranks deep, armored in helmet, breastplate, and greaves, armed with two- to three-meter (6–9 foot) pikes and overlapping round shields. It was most effective in narrow areas, such as Thermopylae, or in large numbers. Although the early Greeks focused on the chariot, because of local geography, the phalanx was well developed in Greece and had superseded most cavalry tactics by the Greco-Persian Wars. In the fourth century BC Philip II of Macedon reorganized his army, with emphasis on "phalanges", and the first scientific military research. Theban and Macedonian tactics were variations focused on a concentrated point to break through the enemy phalanx, following the shock of cavalry. Carefully organized—into "tetrarchia" of 64 men, "taxiarchiae" of two "tetrarchiae", "syntagmatae" of two "taxiarchiae", "chilliarchiae" of four "syntagmatae", and "phalanges" of four "chilliarchiae", with two "chilliarchiae" of "peltast"s and one "chilliarchia" each of "psiloi" and "epihipparchy" (cavalry) attached—and thoroughly trained, these proved exceedingly effective in the hands of Alexander III of Macedon.
However, as effective as the Greek "phalanx" was, it was inflexible. Rome made their army into a complex professional organization, with a developed leadership structure and a rank system. The Romans made it possible for small-unit commanders to receive rewards and medals for valor and advancement in battle. Another major advantage was a new tactical formation, the manipular legion (adopted around 300BC), which could operate independently to take advantage of gaps in an enemy line, as at the Battle of Pydna. Perhaps the most important innovation was improving the quality of training to a level not seen before. Although individual methods were used by earlier generations, the Romans were able to combine them into an overwhelmingly successful army, able to defeat any enemy for more than two millennia.
The Roman tactical system.
On the infantry level, the Roman Army adapted new weapons: The "pilum" (a specialized javelin), the "gladius" (a short thrusting sword), and a new convex shield (for better protection against spears) which unlocked the "phalanx" while still providing its protection. Generally, battle opened with a volley of light spears from up to (and frequently far less), followed by volleys of heavy spears ("pila"). Following these volleys, Roman soldiers would close their enemy to engage with "gladii". As was the case with throwing spears, the Roman soldiers were trained profusely to stab with these swords instead of slashing. Their training was constant and repetitive, to ensure stabbing was used in combat rather than a more natural slashing motion. To motivate the Roman soldier to come within two meters (6 ft) of his enemy (as he was required to do with the "gladius") he was made a citizen after a completed term of service.
The manipular legion was a major improvement over the phalanx on which it was based, providing a flexibility and responsiveness unequalled before that time. By increasing dispersal, triple that of a typical phalanx, the manipular legion had the unanticipated benefit of reducing the lethality of opposing weapons. Coupled with superb training and effective leaders, the Roman army was the finest in the world for centuries. The army's power on the field was such that its leaders avoided most fortifications, preferring to meet the enemy on open ground. To take an enemy-held fortification, the Roman army would cut off any supply lines, build watchtowers around the perimeter, set up catapults, and force the enemy to attempt to stop them from reducing the fortification's walls to rubble. The Roman army's achievements were carefully carved in stone on Trajan's Column, and are well documented by artifacts strewn about battlefields all over Europe.
Middle Ages.
After the fall of the Roman Empire, many of the ingenious tactics they used disappeared. Tribes such as the Visigoths and Vandals preferred to simply rush their enemies in a massive horde. These tribes would often win battles against more advanced enemies by achieving surprise and outnumbering their foes. Born out of the partition of the Roman Empire, the Byzantine Empire created an effective military. Its conscripts were well-paid and led by commanders educated in military tactics and history. However, the army mostly relied on cavalry, making the infantry a smaller portion of its overall force.
The Vikings were able to be effective against stronger enemies through surprise and mobility. Like guerrillas in other wars, the Vikings could decide when and where to attack. In part because of their flat bottomed ships, which enabled them to sneak deep into Europe by river before carrying out an attack, the Vikings could frequently catch their enemies by surprise. Monasteries were common targets because they were seldom heavily defended and often contained substantial amounts of valuables. The Vikings were fearsome in battle, but they became even more so when they included Berserkers.
Battles of the Middle Ages were often smaller than those involving the Roman and Grecian armies of Antiquity. Armies (much like nations of the period) were more decentralized. There was little systematic organisation of supplies and equipment. Leaders were often incompetent; their positions of authority often based on birth, not ability. Most soldiers were much more loyal to their feudal lord than to their nations, and insubordination within armies was common. However, the biggest difference between previous wars and those of the Middle Ages was the use of heavy cavalry, particularly knights. Knights could often easily overrun infantry armed with swords, axes, and clubs. Infantry typically outnumbered knights somewhere between five and ten to one. They supported the knights and defended any loot the formation had. Infantry armed with spears could counter the threat posed by enemy cavalry. At other times pits, caltraps, wagons or sharpened wooden stakes would be used as protection from charging cavalry, while archers brought down the enemy horsemen with arrows; the English used stakes to defend against French knights at the Battle of Agincourt in 1415.
Pikemen often became a substitute for communities and villages who could not afford large forces of heavy cavalry. The pike could be up to long, whereas the spear was only 6 to in length. Archers would be integrated into these forces of spearmen or pikemen to rain down arrows upon an enemy while the spears or pikes held the enemy at bay. Polearms were improved again with creation of the halberd. The halberd could be the length of a spear, but with an axe head which enabled the user to stab or chop the enemy cavalry with either the front of the axe or a thin point on the opposite side. The Japanese also created polearms. The naginata consisted of an approximately long shaft and a blade. The naginata was often used by women to guard a castle in the absence of men.
The crossbow, which did not require trained archers, was frequently used in armies where the extensive training necessary for longbow was not practical. The biggest disadvantage of crossbows was the slow reloading time. With the advent of steel and mechanical drawing aids, crossbows became more powerful than ever. Armor proof against longbows and older crossbows could not stop quarrels from these improved weapons. Pope Innocent II put a ban on them, but the move toward using this lethal weapon had already started.
The first gunpowder weapons usually consisted of metal tubes tied down to wooden staves. Usually, these weapons could only be fired once. These "gonnes", or hand cannons, were not very accurate, and would usually be fired from city walls or in ambush. Like the crossbow, the gonne did not require trained soldiers and could penetrate the armor worn by enemy soldiers. Missiliers (whatever their weapon) were protected by soldiers with melee weapons. Knights would be on either sides of this force and close in on the enemy to destroy them after they had been weakened by volleys. The introduction of firearms presaged a social revolution; even an illiterate peasant could kill a noble knight. This factor led "samurai" to prohibit firearms in Japan.
Renaissance period.
As firearms became cheaper and more effective, they grew to widespread use among infantry beginning in the 16th century. Requiring little training, firearms soon began to make swords, maces, bows, and other weapons obsolete. Pikes, as a part of pike and shot formation survived a good deal longer. By the mid-16th century, firearms had become the main weapons in many armies. The main firearm of that period was the arquebus. Although less accurate than the bow, an arquebus could penetrate most armours of the period and required little training. In response, armor thickened, making it very heavy and expensive. As a result, the cuirass replaced the mail hauberk and full suits of armour, and only the most valuable cavalry wore more than a padded shirt.
Soldiers armed with arquebuses were usually placed in three lines so one line would be able to fire, while the other two could reload. This tactic enabled an almost constant flow of gunfire to be maintained, and made up for the inaccuracy of the weapon. In order to hold back cavalry, wooden palisades or pikemen would be in front of arquebusiers. An example of this is the Battle of Nagashino.
The introduction of the bayonet turned all musketeers into pikemen. Generally, in battles, two sides lined up and fired a few volleys at each other before one side charged with bayonets fixed. Due to the high cost of professional armies, a typical battle-line consisted of two or three lines of musketeers. These basic principles dominated warfare in the 18th Century. The drilling of soldiers, introduced by Prince Maurice of Nassau, was precisely exercised and documented, each movement involved in loading a musket practised repeatedly, which proved a great advantage on the battlefield. Later, Gustav II perfected the infantry formations and made good use of the power of volley fire, by adopting (more reliable) wheel-locks, taking away their armor to make them more mobile, and increasing the numbers of musketeers (which the wheellock enabled him to do) by having them do double duty as pikemen (by way of the plug bayonet), well as by adopting the paper cartridge (with a consequent sharp increase in rate and volume of fire) and streamlining the musket reloading procedure.
Battle formations became more and more important, especially where infantry was being attacked by cavalry, thanks to the "carré" (square), where the wounded, provisions, and officers were protected at the centre. Cavalry could not break a well-held square.
Napoleonic.
Napoleon Bonaparte did many things to change the nature of warfare. Napoleon's single greatest legacy in warfare was the extensive use and elaboration of the disseminated army; he separated groups of units in his army to spread them out over a wider area but kept them under his central command unlike in earlier times when each separate division would have fought independently. This allowed him to force battle by turning or encircling the enemy army where in previous eras armies only fought by mutual consent or because a surprise manoeuvre had them trapped against an obstacle such as a river.
He relied heavily on the column, a formation less than a hundred men wide and containing an entire brigade in tight formation and mostly advanced to contact with the bayonet. The constant movement and sheer mass of this formation could break through most enemy lines, but was susceptible to being broken by well drilled or large volumes of fire as it could not fire as it advanced. Its main advantage was its ability to march rapidly and then deploy into line comparatively easily, especially with well drilled and motivated troops such as those available to Napoleon after the French Revolution. He later utilised the Mixed Order formation which could be a combination of one or more lines supported by one or more columns. This offered the extended firepower of the line with the rapid reaction ability of the column in support.
The column formation allowed the unit rapid movement, a very effective charge (due to weight of numbers) or it could quickly form square to resist cavalry attacks, but by its nature only a fraction of its muskets would be able to open fire. The line offered a substantially larger musket frontage allowing for greater shooting capability but required extensive training to allow the unit to move over ground as one while retaining the line.
The mixed order remained a part of French tactical doctrine as the French army grew in discipline, capitalising as it did on the strengths of both the line and column formations, while avoiding some of their inherent weaknesses. It was used extensively by Napoleon when commanding the Grande Armée.
This greatly surpassed other armies at the time which had to move slowly to keep their lines aligned and coherent and as such keep the cavalry from their interior; spaces could be guarded with musket fire, but the line had to be generally aligned and this could be lost over even apparently flat undulating ground as individuals slowed or sped up across uneven ground. The only antidote was slow movement and the column afforded tactical battlefield manoeuvrability and as such a chance to outflank or outmanoeuvre the enemy, or, more importantly, concentrate against weaknesses in the enemy lines.
Napoleon was also an avid user of artillery - he began his career as an artillery officer - and used the artillery to great effect due to his specialist knowledge. The French army after the French Revolution was greatly motivated and after the reforms of 1791, well trained in the newest doctrine.
His enemies eventually defeated Napoleon, but his tactics were studied well into the 19th Century, even as improved weapons made massed infantry attacks increasingly hazardous.
Column, due to its manoeuvrability and ease of control, were also used against natives in lands being colonized by Europeans during the late 19th Century.
Early modern.
Countries which have not been major world powers have used many other infantry tactics. In South Africa, the Zulu impis (regiments) were infamous for their bull horn tactic. It involved four groups - two in the front, one on the left, and one on the right. They would surround the enemy unit, close in, and destroy them with short "assegai", or "iklwas" while fire-armed Zulus kept up a harassing fire. The Zulu warriors surprised and often overwhelmed their enemies, even much better armed and equipped enemies such as the British army.
The Sudanese fought their enemies by using a handful of riflemen to lure enemy riflemen into the range of concealed Sudanese spearmen. In New Zealand the Māori hid in fortified bunkers or pā that could withstand strikes from even some of the most powerful weapons of the 19th century before luring opposing forces into an ambush. Sometimes the natives would arm themselves with weapons similar or superior to those of the imperialistic country they were fighting. During the Battle of Little Bighorn, Lt. Colonel George Custer and five out of twelve companies of the 7th Cavalry were destroyed by a force of Sioux and Cheyenne.
Unconventional infantry tactics often put a conventional enemy at a disadvantage. During the Second Boer War, the Boers used guerrilla tactics to fight the conventional British Army. Boer marksmen would often pick off British soldiers from hundreds of yards away. These constant sniper attacks forced the British infantry to begin wearing khaki uniforms instead of their traditional red. The Boers were much more mobile than the British infantry and thus could usually choose where a battle would take place. These unconventional tactics forced the British to adopt some unorthodox tactics of their own.
Trench warfare tactics.
Because of the increasing lethality of more modern weapons, such as artillery and machine guns, infantry tactics shifted to trench warfare. Massed infantry charges were now essentially suicidal, and the Western Front ground to a standstill.
A common tactic used during the earlier stages of trench warfare was to shell an enemy trench line, at which point friendly infantry would leave the safety of their trenches, advance across no man's land, and seize the enemy trenches. However, this tactic of "preliminary bombardment" was largely unsuccessful. The nature of no man's land (filled with barbed wire and other obstructions) was one factor. For a unit to get to an enemy trench line, it had to cross this area, secure the enemy position, then face counterattack by opposing reserves. It also depended on the ability of friendly artillery to suppress enemy infantry and artillery, which was frequently limited by "bombproofs" (bunkers), revetments, poor ammunition, or simply inaccurate fire.
An improvement was the "creeping barrage" in which artillery fire is laid immediately in front of advancing infantry to clear any enemy in their way. This played an important part in later battles such as the Battle of Arras (1917), of which Vimy Ridge was a part. The tactic required close coordination in an era before widespread use of radio, and when laying telephone wire under fire was extremely hazardous. In response, the Germans devised the "elastic defence" and used "infiltration tactics" in which shock troops quietly infiltrated the enemy's forward trenches, without the heavy bombardment that gave advance warning of an imminent attack. The Allies introduced the tank to overcome the deadlock of static positions but mechanical unreliability prevented them from doing so.
The Germans used specially-trained Stormtroopers to great effect in 1918, during Operation Michael, breaching the Allied trench lines and allowing supporting infantry to pour through a wide breach in the front lines. Even though most of the German forces were on foot, they were soon threatening Paris. Only timely and stiff resistance, the use of reserves, and German logistical and manpower problems prevented disaster. After this spring offensive, the Allies launched a series of counter-attacks with tanks and small units of assault infantry protected by air support and short intense artillery barrages while the main infantry force followed and seized strongpoints. This forced the Germans back and after less than three months the allies had made the largest territorial gains on the western front since the war began. The Germans then sued for peace ending the war.
Mobile infantry tactics.
Since trench warfare had been rendered obsolete by the tank, new infantry tactics were devised. More than ever, battles consisted of infantry working together with tanks, aircraft, artillery, (see combined arms). One example of this is how infantry would be sent ahead of tanks to search for anti-tank teams, while tanks would provide cover for the infantry. Portable radios allowed field commanders to communicate with their HQs, allowing new orders to be relayed instantly.
Another major difference from any other previous conflict was the means of transportation; no longer did soldiers have to walk (or ride a horse) from location to location. The prevalence of motor transport, however, has been overstated; Germany used more horses for transport in WWII than in WWI, and British troops as late as June 1944 were still not fully motorized. Although there were trucks in World War I, their mobility could never be fully exploited because of the trench warfare stalemate, as well as the terribly torn up terrain at the front and the ineffectiveness of vehicles at the time. During World War II, infantry could be moved from one location to another using half-tracks, trucks, and even aircraft, which left them better rested and able to fight once they reached their objective; this also influenced speed of deployment and casualties. A new type of infantry, the paratrooper, was deployed as well. These lightly armed soldiers would parachute behind enemy lines, hoping to catch the enemy off-guard. They were first used by the Germans to seize key bridges in the Netherlands, and prevented their destruction long enough for additional forces to arrive. They required prompt support from regulars, however; First British Airborne was decimated at Arnhem after being left essentially cut off.
To counter the tank threat, WWII infantry initially had few options other than the so-called "Molotov cocktail" (first used by Chinese troops against Japanese tanks around Shanghai in 1937) and anti-tank rifle. Neither was particularly effective, especially if armor was accompanied by supporting infantry. These, and later anti-tank mines, some of which could be magnetically attached to the tank, required the user to get closer than was prudent. Later developments, such as the Bazooka, PIAT, and "Panzerfaust", allowed a more effective attack against armor from a distance. Thus, especially in the ruined urban zones, tanks were forced to enter accompanied by squads of infantry.
Marines became prominent during the Pacific War. These soldiers were capable of amphibious warfare on a scale not previously known. As Naval Infantry, both Japanese and American Marines enjoyed the support of naval craft such as battleships, cruisers, and the newly developed aircraft carriers. As with conventional infantry, the Marines used radios to communicate with their supporting elements. They could call in sea and air bombardment very quickly.
The widespread availability of helicopters following WWII allowed the emergence of an air mobility tactics such as aerial envelopment.
Squad tactics.
Offensive tactics.
Aggressive squad tactics were similar for both sides, though specifics in arms, numbers, and the subtleties of the doctrine differed. The main goal was to advance by means of fire and movement with minimal casualties while maintaining unit effectiveness and control.
The German squad would win the "Feuerkampf" (fire fight), then occupy key positions. The rifle and machine gun teams were not separate, but part of the "Gruppe", though men were often firing at will. Victory went to the side able to concentrate the most fire on target most quickly. Generally, soldiers were ordered to hold fire until the enemy was or closer, when troops opened fire on mainly large targets; individuals were fired upon only from or below.
The German squad had two main formations while moving on the battlefield. When advancing in the "Reihe", or single file, formation, the commander took the lead, followed by the machine gunner and his assistants, then riflemen, with the assistant squad commander moving on the rear. The "Reihe" moved mostly on tracks and it presented a small target on the front. In some cases, the machinegun could be deployed while the rest of the squad held back. In most cases, the soldiers took advantage of the terrain, keeping behind contours and cover, and running out into the open when there were none to be found.
A "Reihe" could easily be formed into "Schützenkette", or skirmish line. The machinegun deployed on the spot, while riflemen came up on the right, left or both sides. The result was a ragged line with men about five paces apart, taking cover whenever available. In areas where resistance was serious, the squad executed "fire and movement". This was used either with the entire squad, or the machinegun team down while riflemen advanced. Commanders were often cautioned not to fire the machinegun until forced to do so by enemy fire. The object of the firefight was to not necessarily to destroy the enemy, but "Niederkämpfen" - to beat down, silence, or neutralize them.
The final phases of an offensive squad action were the fire fight, advance, assault, and occupation of position:
"The Fire Fight" was the fire unit section. The section commander usually only commanded the light machine gunner (LMG) to open fire upon the enemy. If much cover existed and good fire effect was possible, riflemen took part early. Most riflemen had to be on the front later to prepare for the assault. Usually, they fired individually unless their commander ordered them to focus on one target.
"The Advance" was the section that worked its way forward in a loose formation. Usually, the LMG formed the front of the attack. The farther the riflemen followed behind the LMG, the more easily the rear machine guns could shoot past them.
"The Assault" was the main offensive in the squad action. The commander made an assault whenever he was given the opportunity rather than being ordered to do so. The whole section was rushed into the assault while the commander lead the way. Throughout the assault, the enemy had to be engaged with the maximum rate of fire. The LMG took part in the assault, firing on the move. Using hand grenades, machine pistols, rifles, pistols, and entrenching tools, the squad tried to break the enemy resistance. The squad had to reorganize quickly once the assault was over.
When occupying a position ("The Occupation of Position"), the riflemen group up into twos or threes around the LMG so they could hear the section commander.
The American squad's basic formations were very similar to that of the Germans. The U.S. "squad column" had the men strung out with the squad leader and BAR man in front with riflemen in a line behind them roughly 60 paces long. This formation was easily controlled and maneuvered and it was suitable for crossing areas open to artillery fire, moving through narrow covered routes, and for fast movement in woods, fog, smoke, and darkness.
The "skirmish line" was very similar to the "Schützenkette" formation. In it, the squad was deployed in a line roughly 60 paces long. It was suitable for short rapid dashes but was not easy to control. The "squad wedge" was an alternative to the skirmish line and was suitable for ready movement in any direction or for emerging from cover. Wedges were often used away from the riflemen's range of fire as it was much more vulnerable than the skirmish line.
In some instances, especially when a squad was working independently to seize an enemy position, the commander ordered the squad to attack in sub-teams. "Team Able", made up of two riflemen scouts, would locate the enemy; "Team Baker", composed of a BAR man and three riflemen, would open fire. "Team Charlie", made up of the squad leader and the last five riflemen, would make the assault. The assault is given whenever possible and without regard to the progress of the other squads. After the assault, the squad advanced, dodging for cover, and the bayonets were fixed. They would move rapidly toward the enemy, firing and advancing in areas occupied by hostile soldiers. Such fire would usually be delivered in a standing position at a rapid rate. After taking the enemy's position, the commander would either order his squad to defend or continue the advance.
The British method formations depended chiefly on the ground and the type of enemy fire that was encountered. Five squad formations were primarily used: "blobs", single file, loose file, irregular arrowhead, and the extended line. The "blob" formation, first used in 1917, referred to "ad hoc" gatherings of 2 to 4 men, hidden as well as possible. The regular single file formation was only used in certain circumstances, such as when the squad was advancing behind a hedgerow. The loose file formation was a slightly more scattered line suitable for rapid movement, but vulnerable to enemy fire. Arrowheads could deploy rapidly from either flank and were hard to stop from the air. The Extended Line was perfect for the final assault, but it was vulnerable if fired upon from the flank.
The British squad would commonly break up into two groups for the attack. The "Bren group" consisted of the two-man Bren gun team and second in command that formed one element, while the main body of the riflemen with the squad commander formed another. The larger group that contained the commander was responsible for closing in on the enemy and advancing promptly when under fire. When under effective fire, riflemen went to fully fledged "fire and movement". The riflemen were ordered to fall to the ground as if they had been shot, and then crawl to a good firing position. They took rapid aim and fired independently until the squad commander called for cease fire. On some occasions the Bren group advanced by bounds, to a position where it could effectively commence fire, preferably at 90 degrees to the main assault. In this case both the groups would give each other cover fire. The final attack was made by the riflemen who were ordered to fire at the hip as they went in.
Defensive tactics.
German defensive squad tactics stressed the importance of integration with larger plans and principles in posts scattered in depth. A "Gruppe" was expected to dig in at (the maximum that a squad leader could effectively oversee). Other cover such as single trees and crests were said to attract too much enemy fire and were rarely used. While digging, one member of the squad was to stand sentry. Gaps between dug-in squads may be left, but covered by fire. The placing of the machine gun was key to the German squad defence, which was given several alternative positions, usually being placed apart.
Pairs of soldiers were deployed in foxholes, trenches, or ditches. The pair stood close together in order to communicate with each other. The small sub-sections would be slightly separated, thus decreasing the effect of enemy fire. If the enemy did not immediately mobilize, the second stage of defense, entrenching, was employed. These trenches were constructed behind the main line where soldiers could be kept back under cover until they were needed.
The defensive firefight was conducted by the machine gun at an effective range while riflemen were concealed in their foxholes until the enemy assault. Enemy grenades falling on the squad's position were avoided by diving away from the blast or by simply throwing or kicking the grenade back. This tactic was very dangerous and U.S. sources report American soldiers losing hands and feet this way.
In the latter part of the war, emphasis was put on defense against armored vehicles. Defensive positions were built on a "tank-proof obstacle" composed of at least one anti-tank weapon as well as artillery support directed by an observer. To intercept enemy tanks probing a defensive position, squads often patrolled with an anti-tank weapon.
Platoon tactics.
This is a sub-unit of a company, comprising three sections with a platoon headquarters. The strength of standard infantry platoon varies between twenty five and thirty six.
Infantry entrenchment.
During the Second World War, trenches, ditches, foxholes and Dragon's teeth (fortification) were used extensively.
After 1945.
The Korean War was the first major conflict following World War II. New devices, including smaller radios and the helicopter were also introduced. Parachute drops, which tended to scatter a large number of men over the battlefield, were replaced by airmobile operations using helicopters to deliver men in a precise manner. Helicopters also provided fire support in many cases, and could be rushed to deliver precision strikes on the enemy. Thus, infantry were free to range far beyond the conventional fixed artillery positions. They could even operate behind enemy lines, and later be extracted by air. This led to the concept of vertical envelopment (originally conceived for airborne), in which the enemy is not flanked to the left or right, but rather from above.
Jungle Warfare.
Jungle warfare was heavily shaped by the experiences of all the major powers in the Southeast Asian theater of operations during the Second World War. Jungle terrain tended to break up and isolate units. It tended to fragment the battle. It called for greater independence and leadership among junior leaders, and all the major powers increased the level of training and experience level required for junior officers and NCOs. But fights in which squad or platoon leaders found themselves fighting on their own also called for more firepower. All the combatants, therefore, found ways to increase both the firepower of individual squads and platoons. The intent was to ensure that they could fight on their own ... which often proved to be the case.
Japan, as one example, increased the number of heavy weapons in each squad. The "strengthened" squad used from 1942 onwards was normally 15 men. The Japanese squad contained one squad automatic weapon (a machinegun fed from a magazine and light enough to be carried by one gunner and an assistant ammunition bearer). A designated sniper was also part of the team, as was a grenadier with a rifle-grenade launcher.
The squad's TO&E also included a grenade launcher team armed with what historians often mistakenly call a "knee mortar". This was in fact a light mortar of 50mm that threw high explosive, illumination and smoke rounds out to as much as 400 meters. Set on the ground and fired with arm outstretched, the operator varied the range by adjusting the height of the firing pin within the barrel (allowing the mortar to be fired through small holes in the jungle canopy). The balance of the squad carried bolt-action rifles.
The result was that each squad was now a self-sufficient combat unit. Each squad had an automatic weapons capability. In a defensive role, the machinegun could be set to create a “beaten zone” of bullets through which no enemy could advance and survive. In an attack, it could throw out a hail of bullets to keep the opponent’s head down while friendly troops advanced. The light mortar gave the squad leader an indirect "hip-pocket artillery" capability. It could fire high-explosive and fragmentation rounds to flush enemy out of dugouts and hides. It could fire smoke to conceal an advance, or illumination rounds to light up any enemy target at night. The sniper gave the squad leader a long-range point-target-killing capability.
Four squads composed a platoon. There was no headquarters section, only the platoon leader and the platoon sergeant. In effect, the platoon could fight as four independent, self-contained battle units (a concept very similar to the US Ranger “chalks.”)
The British Army did extensive fighting in the jungles and rubber plantations of Malaya during the Emergency, and in Borneo against Indonesia during the Confrontation. As a result of these experiences, the British increased the close-range firepower of their individual riflemen by replacing the pre-World War II bolt-action Lee-Enfield with lighter, automatic weapons like the American M-2 carbine and the Sterling submachine gun.
However, the British Army was already blessed in its possession of a good squad automatic weapon (the Bren) and these remained apportioned one per squad. They comprised the bulk of the squad’s firepower, even after the introduction of the self-loading rifle (a semi-automatic copy of the Belgian FN-FAL). The British did not deploy a mortar on the squad level. However, there was one 2-inch mortar on the platoon level.
The US Army took a slightly different approach.
They believed the experience in Vietnam showed the value of smaller squads carrying a higher proportion of heavier weapons. The traditional 12-man squad armed with semi-automatic rifles and an automatic rifle was knocked down to 9 men: The squad leader carried the M-16 and AN/PRC-6 radio. He commanded two fire teams of four men apiece (each containing one team leader with M-16, grenadier with M-16/203, designated automatic rifleman with M-16 and bipod, and an anti-tank gunner with LAW and M-16).
Three squads composed a platoon along with two three-man machinegun teams (team leader with M-16, gunner with M-60 machinegun, and assistant gunner with M-16). The addition of two M-60 machinegun teams created more firepower on the platoon level. The platoon leader could arrange these to give covering fire, using his remaining three squads as his maneuver element. The M-16/203 combination was a particular American creation (along with its M-79 parent). It did not have the range of the Japanese 50mm mortar. However, it was handier, and could still lay down indirect high-explosive fire, and provide support with both smoke and illumination rounds. The US Army also had 60mm mortars. This was a bigger, more capable weapon than the Japanese 50mm weapon. But it was too heavy for use on the squad or even the platoon level. These were only deployed on the company level.
The deficiency of the US formation remained the automatic rifleman, a tradition that had gone back to the Browning Automatic Rifle (BAR) gunner of World War II. The US Army discovered that an automatic rifle was a poor substitute for a real machinegun. A rifle fired in the sustained automatic role easily overheated, and its barrel could not be changed. Post-Vietnam, the US Army adopted the Belgian Minimi to replace the automatic M-16. With an interchangeable barrel and larger magazine, this weapon, known as the M249 in U.S. inventory, provided the sustained automatic fire required.
The Republic of Singapore Army, whose experience is 100% in primary and secondary jungle as well as rubber plantation terrain, took the trend one step further. Their squad contained only seven men, but fielded two squad automatic gunners (with 5.56mm squad automatic weapons), two grenadiers with M-16/203 under slung grenade launchers, and one anti-tank gunner with rocket launcher and assault rifle.
So in short, jungle warfare increased the number of short/sharp engagements on the platoon or even squad level. Platoon and squad leaders had to be more capable of independent action. To do this, each squad (or at least platoon) needed a balanced allocation of weapons that would allow it to complete its mission unaided.
Mountain warfare.
During the Soviet war in Afghanistan, the Soviet Army and Air Force fought forces called the "Mujahideen". Although the Soviet Army had greater firepower and modern equipment than the "Mujahideen", they were not able to completely destroy them because of the difficulty of countering guerrilla tactics in the mountains.
When the Stinger missile was supplied to the "Mujahideen", they began to ambush Soviet helicopters and fixed wing aircraft in proximity of the military airfields. This was because the Stinger was only effective at a range of , requiring the "Mujahideen" to attack the aircraft as they were landing or taking off. The Stinger, however, was not the "weapon that won the war". Although it did have a significant effect on the conduct of war, it was not used to shoot down very many aircraft. It did force the Soviets to modify their helicopter tactics. Helicopters begun to cooperate more closely with the ground forces, fixed wing aircraft began flying at higher altitudes, and armor and anti-missile electronic defense systems were added to aircraft to help protect them from the Stinger.
The Soviets countered the "Mujahideen" tactics in various ways. The "Spetsnaz" were used extensively in special operations by being deployed by helicopter into areas identified as areas often transited by the "Mujahideen", or sites of ambushes. "Spetsnaz" tactics were effective against "Mujahideen" because they employed tactics similar to those used by the "Mujahideen"; tanks and aircraft were comparatively less effective due to terrain and enemy mobility in it. The only technology with a significant impact on "Mujahideen" were land mines and helicopters, although over time "Mujahideen" were able to find ways to avoid and evade both.
As the Soviet operations stalled, they began retaliating against the civilian population for supporting the "Mujahideen". It was not uncommon for Soviet helicopters to raze an Afghan village in retaliation for an attack against Soviet soldiers. At other times they dropped mines from aircraft in the fields and pastures, or shooting the livestock with helicopter weapons. Without the support of the villagers, the "Mujahideen" were forced to carry their own food in addition to weapons and military supplies. Another common tactic was to cordon off and search villages for "Mujahideen". These tactics were not unlike those used by the United States in Vietnam, or by the Germans against Soviet partisans in World War Two.
Conventional infantry tactics are generally modified before implementation in Mountain Warfare as the defending side generally has a decisive advantage over the attacking side by holding the heights and forcing the enemy to attack uphill against a fully prepared well entrenched position. So generally, frontal assault is avoided by implementation of blockade tactics and cutting off the supply lines, thereby creating a siege. This changed in the Kargil War of 1999 when Indian forces were faced with the huge task of flushing out intruders and disguised Pakistani soldiers who had captured high mountain posts. Instead of employing blockade tactics, Indian Army launched frontal assault against Pakistani Army positions but the tactics were intensely modified by employment of heavy artillery cover often firing in direct role and relentless air-strikes before the ground attack. As any daytime attack would be suicidal, all the attacks were made under the cover of darkness to minimize casualties. The operation took time but was successful and all the positions were recaptured by the Indian Army after two months of fighting.

</doc>
<doc id="2909542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909542" title="Cecil Mack">
Cecil Mack

Cecil Mack (November 6, 1876, Portsmouth, Virginia – August 1, 1944, New York, New York) was an American composer, lyricist and music publisher.
Biography.
Born as Richard Cecil McPherson in Portsmouth, Virginia, (his birthdate is also given as 1880 and 1883, but the 1876 date is confirmed by his World War I Draft Registration card, as referenced above, and the 1900 Federal Census) Mack attended the Norfolk Mission School and Lincoln University in Pennsylvania (class of 1897) before leaving to go to New York City where the 1900 Federal Census lists his occupation as a stenographer. Mack started writing song lyrics, starting with "Good Morning, Carrie" in 1901. He co-founded the Gotham-Attucks Music Publishing Company in May 1905, in New York City; it was likely the first black owned music publishing company. In July 1906, an article in the New York Age refers to Mack as the company's "secretary and treasurer and general business director." In 1907 he wrote the lyrics for the musical "The Black Politician". In 1925 he co-wrote the book for the musical "Mooching Along". Mack also formed a choir, the Southland Singers, that year. In 1931 he co-wrote the music for the musical "Rhapsody in Black".
His obituary observed that "Not even Irving Berlin exceeded the output of this talented New York Negro. His songs were as American as Stephen Foster's --one or two of them may be remembered as long--and were typically representative of the pre-radio era when fortunes were made over the 10-cent-store counters. Cecil Mack's songs were pure fun and never had an off-color line." He was married to Gertrude Curtis, a pioneering African-American dentist who had an office in Harlem. They had no children.
Notable works.
Notable songs Mack wrote lyrics for include:

</doc>
<doc id="2909552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909552" title="Benjamin Widom">
Benjamin Widom

Benjamin Widom is the Goldwin Smith Professor of Chemistry at Cornell University. His research interests include physical chemistry and statistical mechanics. In 1998, Widom was awarded the Boltzmann Medal "for his illuminating studies of the statistical mechanics of fluids and fluid mixtures and their interfacial properties, especially his clear and general formulation of scaling hypotheses for the equation of state and surface tensions of fluids near critical points." Widom is father to Michael Widom, a professor of physics at Carnegie Mellon University, Elizabeth Widom, a professor of Geology at Miami University, and Jonathan Widom, a professor of Biochemistry at Northwestern University.
Academic Background.
Widom was born in Newark, New Jersey. He graduated from New York City's Stuyvesant High School in 1945, and received his BA from Columbia University in 1949, followed by his PhD from Cornell in 1953. He became an instructor of chemistry at Cornell in 1954, was appointed assistant professor in 1955 and a full professor in 1963. He was chair of the chemistry department between 1978 and 1981. He was elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1974 and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2909558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909558" title="Rice bran wax">
Rice bran wax

Rice bran wax is the vegetable wax extracted from the bran oil of rice ("Oryza sativa").
Chemical Composition.
The main components of rice bran wax are aliphatic acids (wax acids) and higher alcohol esters. The aliphatic acids consist of palmitic acid (C16), behenic acid (C22), lignoceric acid (C24), other higher wax acids. The higher alcohol esters consist mainly of ceryl alcohol (C26) and melissyl alcohol (C30). Rice bran wax also contains constituents such as free fatty acids (palmitic acid), squalene and phospholipids.
Uses.
Rice bran wax is edible and can serve as a substitute for carnauba wax in most applications due to its relatively high melting point. It is used in paper coatings, textiles, explosives, fruit & vegetable coatings, confectionery, pharmaceuticals, candles, moulded novelties, electric insulation, textile and leather sizing, waterproofing, carbon paper, typewriter ribbons, printing inks, lubricants, crayons, adhesives, chewing gum and cosmetics.
In cosmetics, rice bran wax is used as an emollient, and is the basis material for some exfoliation particles. It has been observed that rice bran wax at concentrations as low as 1 wt% in triglycerides can crystallize to form stable gels.
Physical Properties.
Melting point = 77 - 86 °C
Saponification value = 75 - 120
Iodine number = 11.1 - 17.6
Free fatty acids = 2.1 - 7.3%
Phosphorus = 0.01 - 0.15%
Color: Off-white to moderate orange/brown
Odor: typical fatty, crayola-ish
Rice bran wax bleaches and deodorizes readily
INCI name: "Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Wax".

</doc>
<doc id="2909563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909563" title="California State Route 108">
California State Route 108

State Route 108, also known as Highway 108, is a numbered state highway in California. SR 108 runs generally northeast across central California from downtown Modesto near the SR 99/SR 132 interchange, crossing the Sierra Nevada at Sonora Pass, to U.S. Route 395 near the Nevada state line. The route was once recommended to continue south of Modesto to Interstate 5, although today the route is a county road. Parts of SR 108 are closed annually during the winter due to inclement weather along the summit.
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System and is eligible for the State Scenic Highway System. However, it is not a scenic highway as defined by Caltrans.
State Route 108 begins in downtown Modesto at the junction of SR 99 and SR 132, overlapping SR 132 for several blocks northeast on L Street to 9th Street. There it splits into a short one-way pair, with eastbound SR 108 turning southeast with SR 132 on 9th Street to K Street and then northeast to Needham Street; the westbound direction remains on L Street to Needham Street. After several blocks eastward on Needham Street, SR 108 reaches McHenry Avenue, which it follows north out of the city. There is no route marker eastbound indicating where the route turns left from 9th Street to K Street, nor is there a route marker indicating where the westbound traffic turns left from Needham Street to L Street.
From Modesto, SR 108 runs north along McHenry Avenue for about before turning eastward on Patterson Road to follow the Stanislaus River east-northeast. In Riverbank, County Route J7 comes from the north and departs to the south after about a one mile (1.6 km) co-routing. After following the river about , SR 108 passes straight through the heart of downtown Oakdale.
At the main intersection in Oakdale, SR 120 joins SR 108 from the north and they are co-signed as they continue northeast, climbing into the foothills and passing just south of Knights Ferry. SR 120 brings with it the title Northern Yosemite Highway for this segment; with State Route 132 being the middle route from the west and State Route 140 being the southern route to Yosemite. Just past Knights Ferry, SR 108 crosses from Stanislaus County into Tuolumne County, and the road changes from two lanes to four-lane separated highway for about . This is advantageous as steep grade is located along this stretch of the road and the extra lanes are useful as passing lanes both ascending and descending the mountain range. About a mile after the end of the separated pavement, La Grange Road (County road J59) heads south, passing just west of Lake Don Pedro and meeting SR 132 near the town of La Grange. Another eastward, at Yosemite Junction, SR 120 finally separates from SR 108 and heads southward toward to a co-routing with State Route 49 through Chinese Camp and across the upper end of Lake Don Pedro.
Another eastward, SR 49 joins from the south and is co-routed with SR 108 through Jamestown and into Sonora, where SR 49 departs to the north. SR 108 continues eastward and gains elevation as it passes through Twain Harte, Mi-Wuk Village, Long Barn, Cold Springs, Strawberry-Pinecrest Lake and Dodge Ridge Ski Area, then on to Dardanelle and Kennedy Meadow. SR 108 crosses the summit of the Sierra Nevada mountains at Sonora Pass, then descends past the Mountain Warfare Training Center at Pickel Meadows, finally reaching the eastern terminus at Sonora Junction where it meets U.S. Route 395.

</doc>
<doc id="2909566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909566" title="Kwun Chung">
Kwun Chung

Kwun Chung (Chinese: 官涌, hakka: gon1 cung2, Jyutping: gun1 cung1), or Koon Chung in early document, is an area of Hong Kong, southwest of Yau Ma Tei located in the Yau Tsim Mong District of western Kowloon Peninsula. South of the area, across Austin Road, is Tsim Sha Tsui by Victoria Harbour. The area contains one of few Nepalese communities in Hong Kong.
In 1979, the MTR station running through Kwun Chung was named Jordan since it intersected Jordan Road and nearby bus stops were also relabeled "Jordan". This resulted in the area being called Jordan by residents, since most MTR stations are named after the district or area in which it serves. The issue of district and station naming confusion also occurred with Waterloo Station just to the north which was later renamed Yau Ma Tei Station. Officially the area is still Kwun Chung. The western half contains the Kwun Chung Municipal Services Building on Bowring Street. 
History.
Its Chinese name literally means "government river", which was named for the pre-19th century presence of Imperial China's military in defence against pirates and foreigners. Since Hong Kong was sparsely populated during the time, this referenced name may have superseded any local name. In early British maps, Kwun Chung was a river valley with a village and cultivation. The valley extended from the shore to the middle of the Kowloon Peninsula. In the middle of the valley was a hill where two rivers ran west to the sea.
Kwun Chung Fort.
The area between Austin Road and Jordan Road was originally hilly when Kwun Chung Fort was built by the Chinese (Qing) official Lin Tse-hsu to defend against the British. During the Battle of Kwun Chung in 1839, the fort, together with Tsim Sha Tsui Fort successfully kept British incursions from Kowloon. The fort with the hill was demolished for development during the early British rule of Kowloon and its rock and sand were used for reclamation for the area northwest of Jordan Road. Due to its strategic position, the British Army chose the hill south of Austin Road for the Whitfield Barracks and battery. Battery Street was probably named after it.
Demography.
While the majority population is Cantonese and other ethnic Chinese, Kwun Chung also contains Nepalese, mostly from ex-Gurkhas, and other South Asian populations.
Arts and culture.
Residents of Kwun Chung maintain practice of the Ghost Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2909575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909575" title="Season Hubley">
Season Hubley

Season Hubley (born March 14, 1951) is an American actress.
Biography.
Hubley was born Susan Season Hubley in New York City, the daughter of Julia Kaul (née Paine) and Grant Shelby Hubley, a writer and entrepreneur. Her brother is actor Whip Hubley. She also has a sister, Sally Hubley.
Hubley was steadily active in supporting roles in the late 1970s and starred in "Hardcore" with George C. Scott. However, she is best known for her appearance as Priscilla Presley opposite Kurt Russell as Elvis Presley in the made-for-television film "Elvis". She also appears briefly in "Escape from New York". In 1973, she played the title character in "Lolly-Madonna XXX", also known as "The Lolly Madonna War", around whom the story revolved. It had to do with two battling backwoods families. Her other known film role is in the 1982 cult film "Vice Squad", in which she played a prostitute named Princess.
In television, she made an appearance on "The Partridge Family" in 1972 playing the part of a princess. In 1973, she starred as Pam in the made-for-television movie about a young couple, "She Lives", co-starring Desi Arnaz, Jr. In the later 1970s, she appeared as a nun whose sister was murdered in an episode of "Kojak", and she had a continuing and significant role in the evening TV drama "Family". Hubley guest-starred in several episodes in 1976 and 1977 as Salina Magee, the love interest of teenage dropout Willie Lawrence. She also co-starred in an episode of "Starsky and Hutch", "Starsky´s Lady", in which she was Starsky's (Paul Michael Glaser) fiancee.
From 1991 to 1994, she portrayed Angelique Marick on the daytime drama "All My Children". She appeared in "Stepfather III" and "Child in the Night", both in 1990.
Hubley was married to actor Kurt Russell from 1979 to 1983. They have a son, Boston Oliver Grant Russell (born 1980).

</doc>
<doc id="2909576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909576" title="Nestor of Magydos">
Nestor of Magydos

Little is known about Saint Nestor, also known as Saint Nestor of Perge or Hieromartyr Nestor of Magydos, other than that he was Bishop of Magydos in Pamphylia, in what is now modern Turkey. His courage and authority were so noteworthy that a Roman magistrate uttered these words: ""Until we have got the better of the bishop, we shall be powerless against the Christians."" He was arrested under Emperor Decius, and sentenced to death by the local Roman governor, Pollio or Epolius of Lycia, after refusing to sacrifice to the pagan gods of the state. His feast day is February 25 in the Roman Catholic Church and February 28 in the Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="2909582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909582" title="Edward Scofield">
Edward Scofield

Edward Scofield (March 28, 1842February 3, 1925) was an American politician who served as the 19th Governor of Wisconsin.
Early life.
Scofield was born in Clearfield, Pennsylvania. He become a printer's apprentice at a newspaper in Indiana, Pennsylvania, and worked in the newspaper business for a number of years. 
Career.
Scofield fought in the American Civil War as a member of the 11th Pennsylvania Reserve Regiment. Commissioned a Lieutenant, after the Battle of South Mountain he was promoted to captain. He participated in all the battles and marches of his regiment up to the Battle of the Wilderness on May 5, 1864, where he was taken prisoner and incorrectly reported as dead. He was a prisoner for ten months, during which time he was held in southern prisons before being released at Wilmington, North Carolina on March 1, 1865. He was promoted to Major after his release. 
After his recuperation from illness, Scofield moved to Oconto, Wisconsin, where he entered the lumber business.He entered politics when he was elected to the Wisconsin State Senate in 1886, beating Democrat Amos Holgate. 
Scofield entered the gubernatorial race as a conservative against progressive Republican Robert La Follette. Winning the Republican nomination on the sixth ballot, he defeated his Democratic opponent in the general election. During his tenure, hee introduced the first governor's budget in Wisconsin, established a central accounting system, and oversaw revision of the state's banking laws. He increased public school funding and helped raise troops to serve in the Spanish-American War. After completing a second term in office, he returned to his business interests in Oconto. 
In 1896 Scofield was elected as the Governor of Wisconsin, beating Democrat Willis C. Silverthorn. He served two terms as the 19th governor of the state. 
Death.
The last of several Civil War veterans to serve as Governor of Wisconsin, Scofield died in his home in Oconto on February 3, 1925 (age 82 years, 312 days). He is interred at Evergreen Cemetery in Oconto, Wisconsin. 
Family life.
Scofield married Agnes Potter and they had three children, Julia, Paul, and George.

</doc>
<doc id="2909591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909591" title="IFolder">
IFolder

iFolder is an open source application, developed by Novell, Inc., intended to allow cross-platform file sharing across computer networks.
iFolder operates on the concept of shared folders, where a folder is marked as shared and the contents of the folder are then synchronized to other computers over a network, either directly between computers in a peer-to-peer fashion or through a server. This is intended to allow a single user to synchronize files between different computers (for example between a work computer and a home computer) or share files with other users (for example a group of people who are collaborating on a project).
The core of the iFolder is actually a project called Simias. It is Simias which actually monitors files for changes, synchronizes these changes and controls the access permissions on folders. The actual iFolder clients (including a graphical desktop client and a web client) are developed as separate programs that communicate with the Simias back-end.
History.
Announced by Novell on March 19, 2001, iFolder was released on June 29, 2001 as a software package for Windows NT/2000 and Novell NetWare 5.1 or included with the forthcoming Novell NetWare 6.0. It also included the ability to access shared files through a web browser.
iFolder Professional Edition 2, announced on March 13, 2002 and released a month later, added support for Linux and Solaris and web access support for Windows CE and Palm OS. This edition was also designed to share files between millions of users in large companies, with increased reporting features for administrators.
On March 22, 2004, after their purchase of the Linux software companies Ximian and SUSE, Novell announced that they were releasing iFolder as an open source project under the GPL license. They also announced that the open source version of iFolder would use the Mono framework in an effort to ease development.
iFolder 3.0 was released on June 22, 2005.
On March 31, 2006, Novell announced that iFolder Enterprise Server is now Open Source.
On April 2, 2009, Novell released iFolder 3.7.2 which included a Mac client for 10.4 and 10.5 as well as a Windows Vista client. In addition to the improved client lineup this version supports SSL, LDAPGroup Support, Auto-account creation, iFolder Merge, and Enhanced web access and administration. The iFolder.com website has been completely redesigned with no references to the earlier versions.
On Nov 25, 2009, Novell released iFolder 3.8 

</doc>
<doc id="2909609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909609" title="Forest-fire model">
Forest-fire model

In applied mathematics, a forest-fire model is any of a number of dynamical systems displaying self-organized criticality. Note, however, that according to Pruessner et al. (2002, 2004) the forest-fire model does not behave critically on very large, i.e. physically relevant scales. Early versions go back to Henley (1989) and Drossel and Schwabl (1992). The model is defined as a cellular automaton on a grid with "L""d" cells. "L" is the sidelength of the grid and "d" is its dimension. A cell can be empty, occupied by a tree, or burning. The model of Drossel and Schwabl (1992) is defined by four rules which are executed simultaneously:
The controlling parameter of the model is "p"/"f" which gives the average number of trees planted between two lightning strikes (see Schenk et al. (1996) and Grassberger (1993)). In order to exhibit a fractal frequency-size distribution of clusters a double separation of time scales is necessary
where "T"smax is the burn time of the largest cluster. The scaling behavior is not simple, however ( Grassberger 1993,2002 and Pruessner et al. 2002,2004). 
A cluster is defined as a coherent set of cells, all of which have the same state. Cells are coherent if they can reach each other via nearest neighbor relations. In most cases, the von Neumann neighborhood (four adjacent cells) is considered.
The first condition formula_2 allows large structures to develop, while the second condition formula_3 keeps trees from popping up alongside a cluster while burning.
In landscape ecology, the forest fire model is used to illustrate the role of the fuel mosaic in the wildfire regime. The importance of the fuel mosaic on wildfire spread is debated. Parsimonious models such as the forest fire model can help to explore the role of the fuel mosaic and its limitations in explaining observed patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="2909621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909621" title="Ouricury wax">
Ouricury wax

Ouricury wax is a brown-colored wax obtained from the leaves of a Brazilian Feather Palm "Syagrus coronata" or "Cocos coronata" by scraping the leaf surface.
Harvesting.
Harvesting ouricury wax is more difficult than harvesting carnauba wax, as ouricury wax does not flake off the surface of the leaves.
Properties and uses.
The physical properties of ouricury wax resemble carnauba wax, so it can be used as a substitute where light color is not required, e.g. in carbon paper inks, molding lubricants and polishes. Its melting point is 81-84 °C.

</doc>
<doc id="2909654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909654" title="Olami–Feder–Christensen model">
Olami–Feder–Christensen model

In physics, in the area of dynamical systems, the Olami–Feder–Christensen model is an earthquake model conjectured to be an example of self-organized criticality where local exchange dynamics are not conservative. Despite the original claims of the authors and subsequent claims of other authors such as Lise, whether or not the model is self organized critical remains an open question.
The system behaviour reproduces some empirical laws that earthquakes follow (such as the Gutenberg–Richter law and Omori's Law) 
Model definition.
The model is a simplification of the Burridge-Knopoff model, where the blocks move instantly to their balanced positions when submitted to a force greater than their friction. 
Let "S" be a square lattice with "L × L" sites and let "Kmn" ≥ 0 be the tension at site (m,n). The sites with tension greater than 1 are called critical and go through a relaxation step where their tension spreads to their neighbours. Through analogy with the Burridge-Knopoff model, what is being simulated is a fault, where one of the lattice's dimensions is the flaw depth and the other one follows the flaw.
Model rules.
If there are no critical sites, then the system suffers a continuous drive, until a site becomes critical:
else if the sites "C"1, "C"2, ..., "C""m" are critical the relaxation rule is applied in parallel:
where K'"C" is the tension prior to the relaxation and ΓC is the set of neightbours of site "C". "α" is called the conservative parameter and can range from 0 to 0.25 in a square lattice. This can create a chain reaction which is interpreted as an earthquake.
These rules allow us to define a time variable that is update during the driving step
this is equivalent to define a constant drive
and assume the relaxation step is instantaneous, which is a good approximation for an earthquake model.
Behaviour and criticality.
The system's behaviour is heavily influenced by the α parameter. For α=0.25 the system is conservative (in the sense that the local exchange is conservative, as there is still tension loss in the borders) and clearly critical. For values α<0.25 the dynamics is very different, even in the limit α → 0.25, with greater noise and much greater transients. For low α, there are less possibilities of chain reactions which could lead to cut-offs in the earthquake size distribution, implying the model is not critical. Also, for α = 0, the model is trivially not critical.
These observations lead to the question of what is the value αc where the system makes the transition from critical to non-critical behaviour, which is still an open question.

</doc>
<doc id="2909665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909665" title="George Reddy">
George Reddy

George Reddy was the founder of the Revolutionary Students Movement in Andhra Pradesh, India. He was a student of the Osmania University, Hyderabad and was the university gold medalist, a mark of academic excellence.
He was the founder of the Progressive Democratic Students Union (PDSU), which was a student body on the campus of Osmania University. The PDSU is now the student wing of the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) New Democracy. 
Reddy was murdered on campus within sight of the police, in 1972.
Reddy is the inspiration for the lead character played by Ajay Devgan in the movie "Yuva" and by Surya in "Aayutha Ezhuthu".
Early life.
George Reddy was born on January 15, 1947 in Palghat, Kerala, India. His parents were Challa Raghunath Reddy and Leela Verghese, who had four other children.
Reddy was educated at schools in Quilon, Madras, Warangal and Hyderabad. Between 1964-67, he studied for a BSc degree, initially at Osmania University Science College (OUSC) and then at Nizam College. He then did a MSc in Physics at OUSC and in 1971 he enrolled in the PhD program, prior to which he worked as a Junior Lecturer at AV College for a few months.
Activism.
Reddy was a student activist, campaigning against what he considered to be reactionary forces represented by the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and the Jan Sangh. He was inspired by and caught up in events such as the Telangana Movement, and by revolutionary icons such as Fidel Castro and Che Guevera who he thought demonstrated how a small core of dedicated revolutionaries could overthrow a corrupt and decadent dictatorship and bring radical change. He also read works by authors such as Karl Marx, Frederick Engels, Vladimir Lenin, Leon Trotsky and Mao Zedong, as well as those of contemporary European student leaders such as Tariq Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="2909680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909680" title="Revolutionary Students Movement">
Revolutionary Students Movement

The Revolutionary Students Movement is an Indian student movement founded by the leftist student leader George Reddy. This movement was influenced by the Maoist Naxalbari trend.

</doc>
<doc id="2909687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909687" title="Daniel Cady">
Daniel Cady

Daniel Cady (April 29, 1773 – October 31, 1859 Johnstown, Fulton County, New York) was a prominent American lawyer and judge in upstate New York. While perhaps better known today as the father of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Judge Cady had a full and accomplished life of his own.
Life.
Cady was born in that part of Canaan, Columbia County, New York which was later split off to form Chatham, New York. He learned the shoemaker's trade, but accidentally injured an eye and lost the sight of it at age 18. He then studied law, first in Canaan with Judge Whiting, then in Troy with John Woodworth. Cady was admitted to the bar in 1795, and commenced practice in Florida, Montgomery County, but after a year moved to Johnstown, then the county seat. As a young lawyer, he worked with such notables as Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr, and toward the end of his career, he served on a case with Abraham Lincoln, where they each represented clients in a land dispute associated with Beloit College.
Cady was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1808-09, 1810, 1811 and 1812-13.
From February to April 1813, Cady was District Attorney of the Fifth District, which comprised Albany, Saratoga, Montgomery, Schoharie and Schenectady counties.
Cady was elected as a Federalist to the 14th United States Congress, holding office from March 4, 1815, to March 3, 1817.
He is considered by some the father of Fulton County, virtually engineering the county's creation in 1838 after the Montgomery county seat was moved from Johnstown to Fonda, New York. The newly established county was named after Robert Fulton, a cousin of Cady's wife Margaret Livingston.
Cady was a justice of the New York Supreme Court (4th D.) from 1847 to 1854, when he resigned, and was ex officio a judge of the New York Court of Appeals in 1849.
In 1856, Cady was a presidential elector on the Republican John C. Fremont ticket. Cady presided over the New York electoral college which cast 35 votes for Fremont who lost the election to Democrat James Buchanan.

</doc>
<doc id="2909688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909688" title="GE Commercial Finance">
GE Commercial Finance

GE Commercial Finance is a unit of GE Capital, (one of five major operating divisions of General Electric). Headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut, USA, it plays a role in over 35 countries and had assets of over US$335 billion at year end 2007.
As part of GE Capital, it offers products such as revolving lines of credit, floorplan finance, equipment leasing of various forms, real estate services, and car fleet management. The industries served include healthcare, manufacturing, fleet management, communications, construction, energy, aviation, infrastructure and equipment, as well as many others. 
In December 2006 GE Commercial Finance acquired the Dutch financial institution Banque Artesia Nederland N.V which now trades under the name GE Artesia Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="2909690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909690" title="Bak–Sneppen model">
Bak–Sneppen model

The Bak–Sneppen model is a simple model of co-evolution between interacting species. It was developed to show how self-organized criticality may explain key features of the fossil record, such as the distribution of sizes of extinction events and the phenomenon of punctuated equilibrium. It is named after Per Bak and Kim Sneppen.
The model dynamics repeatedly eliminates the least adapted species and mutates it and its neighbors to recreate the interaction between species. A comprehensive study of the details of this model can be found in "Phys. Rev. E" 53, 414–443 (1996). A solvable version of the model has been proposed in "Phys. Rev. Lett." 76, 348–351 (1996), which shows that the dynamics evolves sub-diffusively, driven by a long-range memory.
An evolutionary local search heuristic based on the Bak–Sneppen model, called extremal optimization, has been introduced in "Artificial Intelligence" 119, 275–286 (2000). Notably, Bak-Sneppen model has been applied to model the theory of scientific progress.
Description.
We consider "N" species, which are associated with a fitness factor "f"("i"). They are indexed by integers "i" around a ring. The algorithm consists in choosing the least fit species, and then replacing it and its two closest neighbors (previous and next integer) by new species, with a new random fitness. After a long run there will be a minimum required fitness, below which species don't survive.

</doc>
<doc id="2909729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909729" title="Whittier Narrows">
Whittier Narrows

The Whittier Narrows is located at the southern boundary of the San Gabriel Valley, in Los Angeles County, California. It is a gap between the Puente Hills to the east and the San Rafael Hills to the west, and is the location where both the Rio Hondo and the San Gabriel River exit the San Gabriel Valley to enter the Los Angeles Basin.
It is best known as the epicenter of the October 1, 1987 Whittier Narrows earthquake, which measured 5.9 on the Richter Scale.
History.
The first European land exploration of Alta California, the Spanish Portolà expedition, discovered Whittier Narrows on its return journey to San Diego. On the outbound journey, the party had followed San Jose Creek, reaching the San Gabriel River north of the Narrows. Franciscan missionary Juan Crespi noted in his diary, "We started out in the morning through the gap of the valley of San Miguel San Gabriel, which is very full of trees. We traveled a long while to the southwest on the edge of the stream, which, rising from a copious spring of water in the same gap, merits now the name of river; its plain is covered with willows and some slender cotton woods."
Whittier Narrows Recreation Area.
The Whittier Narrows Recreation Area is a large multi-use facility, headquartered in South El Monte, containing North Lake, Center Lake, and Legg Lake (where radio-controlled model speedboats may be operated), a rifle and pistol shooting range, numerous softball and soccer fields with picnic tables, a paved airstrip for radio-controlled hobby aircraft, and a connector trail between the Class I Rio Hondo bicycle path and the San Gabriel River bicycle path. The park is roughly bordered by Garvey Avenue and San Gabriel Blvd to the north and west and Durfee Avenue and Santa Anita/Merced Avenues to the south and east. A convenient point of access is the Rosemead Blvd (State Route 19) exit south from the Pomona (60) Freeway.
Within the Recreation Area is the Whittier Narrows Nature Center, which contains exhibits about the plants and animals of the river environment, including live displays. The center offers public programs, lectures, ranger tours and education programs. In October 2008, a proposed new interpretive center drew controversy over the potential destruction of a large amount of existing wildlife habitat.
Whittier Narrows Dam.
The Whittier Narrows Dam is a flood control and water conservation project constructed and operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Los Angeles District. It collects runoff from the uncontrolled drainage areas upstream along with releases from the Santa Fe Dam, and can redirect flows into the Rio Hondo or the downstream San Gabriel. It was completed in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="2909732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909732" title="Park Hotel Shanghai">
Park Hotel Shanghai

Park Hotel (), once the tallest building in Asia from 1934 to 1958, is a famous hotel on Nanjing Road West overlooking People's Park in Shanghai, China.
History.
The Shanghai Joint Savings Society Building, known today as the Park Hotel or in Chinese as the International Hotel (国际饭店), located at No. 170 West Nanjing Road, was named after the bank founded in 1923 by the merger of Yienyieh Commercial Bank, Kincheng Banking corporation, the China and South Sea Bank, and the Continental Bank. The JSS Building was designed in March 1931 and completed in December 1934. The building is 83.8-metres high and contains 22 stories above ground and another 2 stories underground. Built by Voh Kee Construction Company, the piling project was finished by a Danish Company established by Corrit.
Built in 1934, a prime example of Art Deco architecture designed by the Slovak-Hungarian architect László Hudec. It was built by the Joint Savings Society as a competitor for the Cathay Hotel.
Strongly inspired by the American Radiator Building, it is most well known building from Hudec in Shanghai. It was the tallest building in Asia at 22 floors / 84 m (275 ft) until 1952. It remained the tallest building in China until 1966, and in Shanghai until 1983.
On February 23, 1938, G.H. Thomas wrote: "I stayed at the Park Hotel on Bubbling Well Road, where I had a great room and bath. The appointments, the bath and the service are just like in any first-class hotel in New York. A single room such as mine costs $8 a day without food."
It was built overlooking the horse racing course owned by The Shanghai Race Club one of the most prestigious locations in Shanghai at the time. The Shanghai Race Course and the Shanghai Recreation Ground that it enclosed was turned into People's Park by the PRC government. Originally the Park Hotel accommodated the Joint Savings Society Bank in its lower two floors, and the hotel on the upper floors.
In 1997 the building was refitted by American architect George Grigorian.
Exterior.
The first three floors are finished with polished black granite from Shandong province. The upper floors are clad with dark brown brick and ceramic face tiles.
The exterior has had two major changes: there is a banking entrance on one corner, and a marquee was added that masks the unique silhouette of the top floors.
Interior.
In 1935, the outdoor garden on the 13th floor was converted into the 14th floor banquet space and surrounded by windows and covered with a retractable roof. That roof is now a back-lit glass panel set into a ceiling.
Most of the interior was deliberately changed by the Communist government in the 1950s because they disliked the existing bourgeois style. It was then renovated again in the 1980s to return some of it to the original style. In 1997, American designer George Grigorian remodeled some the interior using an Art Deco style. American architect Christopher Choa restored the Art Deco lobby in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2909733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909733" title="Pandemonium (group)">
Pandemonium (group)

Pandemonium is a percussion group from Christchurch, New Zealand, formed in 1998
History.
Pandemonium was formed in 1998 by a group of percussionists in Christchurch, New Zealand. They have 9 members including a guitarist, vocalist and bass guitarist and have been known to include a brass section when the music requires this. Pandemonium's members came from a variety of musical backgrounds, including rock bands, jazz bands, orchestras, brass bands, pipe bands, show music and chamber music. This exopsure to different music genres has enabled Pandemonium to develop many different styles of music to suit different performances. The group was influenced by Blue Man Group, Stomp, Evelyn Glennie, Strike and the Japanese Taiko drumming, just to name a few.
Instruments.
Pandemonium uses percussive instruments from all over the world and features the only performing set of West Indian Steel Pans in New Zealand. Their other instruments include log drums, five octave concert marimba, vibraphone, Latin percussion, drum kit, bass guitar, junk rig and many other instruments. They play tuned and untuned percussion and have found junk alternatives to some instruments so as to promote the message of music making, making your own instruments and recycling.
Programme.
Their projects include the World Tour of Percussion which incorporates a huge setup covering music from around the world in a one hour gig. They start the show by playing the roots of rhythm from Africa on large recycled telecommunication duct and then on to music from the Americas, Caribbean, Europe and finally end on our huge scaffold structure covered in recycled junk playing the music of Stomp. They also have a show called Junk Jam! which encourages children to enjoy music and recycle.
Pandemonium plays all kinds of music and in many different settings. They have performed at large national events such as the Halberg awards, as well as giving touring concerts for schools and private performances. They now also have a compilation of music with a professional Christchurch based vocalist which is an interesting idea because many guests won't have seen or heard a group like them before.

</doc>
<doc id="2909743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909743" title="Do It! Now">
Do It! Now

"Do It! Now" is the 15th single of J-pop idol group Morning Musume and was released July 24, 2002. It sold a total of 310,600 copies. This single also marked the last appearance of Maki Goto before she graduated from Morning Musume and pursued a solo career within Hello! Project. This song broke the string of #1 hits originating from 1999's "Love Machine", receiving a #3 position on Oricon.
An English-language cover was recorded by Mylin for the album "Cover Morning Musume Hello! Project!".

</doc>
<doc id="2909744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909744" title="Radiolysis">
Radiolysis

Radiolysis is the dissociation of molecules by nuclear radiation. It is the cleavage of one or several chemical bonds resulting from exposure to high-energy flux. The radiation in this context is associated with radioactive decay; radiolysis is therefore distinguished from, for example, photolysis of the Cl2 molecule into two Cl-radicals, where (ultraviolet or visible) light is used. 
For example water dissociates under alpha radiation into a hydrogen radical and a hydroxyl radical, unlike ionization of water which produces a hydrogen ion and a hydroxide ion. The chemistry of concentrated solutions under ionizing radiation is extremely complex. Radiolysis can locally modify redox conditions, and therefore the speciation and the solubility of the compounds.
Water decomposition.
Of all the radiation-chemical reactions that have been studied, the most important is the decomposition of water. When exposed to radiation, water undergoes a breakdown sequence into hydrogen peroxide, hydrogen radicals and assorted oxygen compounds, such as ozone, which when converted back into oxygen releases great amounts of energy. Some of these are explosive. This decomposition is produced mainly by the alpha particles, which can be entirely absorbed by very thin layers of water.
Applications.
Corrosion prediction and prevention in nuclear power plants.
The possibility that enhanced concentration of hydroxyl present in irradiated water in the inner coolant loops of a light water reactor must be taken into account when designing nuclear power plants, to prevent coolant loss resulting from corrosion.
Hydrogen production.
The current interest in nontraditional methods for the generation of hydrogen has prompted a revisit of radiolytic splitting of water, where the interaction of various types of ionizing radiation (α, β, and γ) with water produces molecular hydrogen. This reevaluation was further prompted by the current availability of large amounts of radiation sources contained in the fuel discharged from nuclear reactors. This spent fuel is usually stored in water pools, awaiting permanent disposal or reprocessing. The yield of hydrogen resulting from the irradiation of water with β and γ radiation is low (G-values = <1 molecule per 100 electronvolts of absorbed energy) but this is largely due to the rapid reassociation of the species arising during the initial radiolysis. If impurities are present or if physical conditions are created that prevent the establishment of a chemical equilibrium, the net production of hydrogen can be greatly enhanced.
Another approach uses radioactive waste as an energy source for regeneration of spent fuel by converting sodium borate to sodium borohydride. By applying the proper combination of controls, stable borohydride compounds may be produced and used as hydrogen fuel storage medium.
Spent nuclear fuel.
Gas generation by radiolytic decomposition of hydrogen-containing materials, has been an area of concern for the transport and storage of radioactive materials and waste for a number of years. Potentially combustible and corrosive gases can be generated while at the same time, chemical reactions can remove hydrogen, and these reactions can be enhanced by the presence of radiation. The balance between these competing reactions is not well known at this time.
Earth's history.
A suggestion has been made that in the early stages of the Earth's development when its radioactivity was almost two orders of magnitude higher than at present, radiolysis could have been the principal source of atmospheric oxygen, which ensured the conditions for the origin and development of life. Molecular hydrogen and oxidants produced by the radiolysis of water may also provide a continuous source of energy to subsurface microbial communities (Pedersen, 1999). Such speculation is supported by a discovery in the Mponeng gold mine, South Africa, where the researchers found a community dominated by a new phylotype of "Desulfotomaculum", feeding on primarily radiolytically produced H2.
Methods.
Pulse radiolysis.
Pulse radiolysis is a recent method of initiating fast reactions to study reactions occurring on a timescale faster than approximately one hundred microseconds, when simple mixing of reagents is too slow and other methods of initiating reactions have to be used.
The technique involves exposing a sample of material to a beam of highly accelerated electrons, where the beam is generated by a LINAC. It has many applications. It was developed in the late 1950s and early 60s by John Keene in Manchester and Jack W. Boag in London.
Flash photolysis.
Flash photolysis is an alternative to pulse radiolysis that uses high power light pulses (e.g. from an excimer laser) rather than beams of electrons to initiate chemical reactions. Typically ultraviolet light is used which requires less radiation shielding than required for the X-rays emitted in pulse radiolysis.

</doc>
<doc id="2909746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909746" title="Row Lewis">
Row Lewis

Row Lewis is a Grenadian activist, teacher, life coach, vocalist, and liberation theologian. She is the founder of Liberty Fellowship Center, a non-profit ministry, where she serves as the Executive Director and Spiritual Advisor.
Biography.
Early life.
The daughter of a Pentecostal Pastor, Rev. Raymond Lewis of the True Vine Church, Row Lewis is an ordained minister with academic studies in Comparative Religion, World Religion, Psychology, Counseling, and Journalism from the University of Florida and Hope Theological Seminary. She has enjoyed a career in television broadcasting for over a decade, winning Associated Press Awards (1998, 2001) for interviews with former U.S. Secretary of Defense, William Cohen, and recording artists, The Baha Men.
Born into a musical family, Row took the stage singing and performing at age 5, but still feels she has more to accomplish:
Row says her focus now is stayed on the human condition.
Career.
In 1994 Row started the music group, "Fresh Fire", with her brother (Attorney and Music Producer, Esmond Lewis) and sister (Entrepreneur, Rachel Lewis) serving as lead vocalist. Her band toured and shared stages with such gospel artists as: Kirk Franklin, Yolanda Adams, Cece Winans, Donnie McClurkin, T-Bone, Hezekiah Walker, and Vicki Winans. "Fresh Fire" recorded two albums, including the acclaimed, "Summer of ‘94". Fusing jazz, calypso, folk, reggae, soul and blues with inspirational lyrics, the group enjoyed several crossover hits. 
In 2003 through 2004, Row took the stage as a solo artist and performer, of original musical and spoken word pieces, under her "Soul Connection" label. Currently, Row is working on a new project entitled, "The Poet Speaks", where she takes on the issues of race, class, gender, religion, and social justice.
Personal life.
Row Lewis is originally from the Island of Grenada, born to her Trinidadian mother Yvonne, and her Grenadian/Vincentian father, Raymond. She is the fourth of seven children. Row currently resides in Raleigh, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="2909759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909759" title="NDRC">
NDRC

NDRC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2909765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909765" title="Tom Abernethy">
Tom Abernethy

Thomas Craig "Tom" Abernethy (born May 6, 1954) is a retired American professional basketball player. 
Born and raised in South Bend, Indiana, Abernathy starred at St. Joseph's High School and Indiana University, the 6'7" Abernethy was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers in the third round of the 1976 NBA Draft. He spent five years in the league as a member of the Lakers, Golden State Warriors and Indiana Pacers. He amassed 1,779 career NBA points.
Abernethy now teaches children basketball at the IBA (Indiana Basketball Academy).
Family.
Abernethy's sons all played college basketball. Andy played for Bethel College in Mishawaka, while his twin brother Matt played at Grace College in Winona Lake, Indiana. Matt won the 2003 Pete Maravich Award, given by the National Christian College Athletic Association. Andy's and Matt's younger brother Todd played ball for the University of Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="2909770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909770" title="Conservatório Dramático e Musical de São Paulo">
Conservatório Dramático e Musical de São Paulo

The Conservatório Dramático e Musical de São Paulo (Musical and Dramatic Conservatory of São Paulo) was a conservatory for students of music in São Paulo, Brazil.
The Conservatory was founded on February 15, 1906, and inaugurated officially on March 12 of that year. In 1909 it moved to its present location on Avenida São João, downtown. Between 1981 and 1983 the building was renovated.
One of many post-secondary music schools in São Paulo, the Conservatory i
was known chiefly for its library of musical and dramatic scholarship, and its most famous alumnus, poet and musicologist Mário de Andrade, who studied piano and taught there for much of his life.
In 2009, due to many financial problems, the conservatory was closed. Its building will be a part of a new construction, the "Praça das Artes" (Art Square), which will be occupied by the artistic bodies of the Municipal Theater, its Schools of Music and Ballet, its museum and its technical center.

</doc>
<doc id="2909774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909774" title="Willa Shalit">
Willa Shalit

Willa Shalit is an American artist, theatrical and television producer, photographer, author/editor, and social conscious entrepreneur.
Early life.
Shalit was born in 1955 in New York City, New York to film and book critic Gene Shalit and Nancy Shalit ( Lewis). Her name comes from American author Willa Cather. She was born the second of six children. Shalit was raised in Leonia, New Jersey. Her father shielded the family from the public eye. Her brother, Dr. Peter Shalit is an internal medicine physician and the author of Living Well: The Gay Man's Essential Health Guide. Her uncle is Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Anthony Lewis and her aunt is retired Chief Justice Margaret H. Marshall. 
She graduated from Saint Ann's School (New York City) in 1974. In 1978, she graduated from Oberlin College with a degree in Classics. After graduating, she moved to Martha's Vineyard and partnered with artist Richard Lee to create masks.
Career.
Artist.
Throughout the 1980s, Shalit created "lifecast" sculptures made from molds formed directly upon human faces and bodies. Her casts of five former United States presidents are in the collections of their respective presidential libraries, and other work is on display at the United States Olympic Committee's training center in Colorado Springs, Colorado, the Fogelson Library at the College of Santa Fe (now Santa Fe University of Art and Design) in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and the Jewish Guild for the Blind in New York City. She also created life casts for Muhammad Ali, Bill Gates, Clint Eastwood, Sting, civil rights leader Rosa Parks, choreographer Alvin Ailey, Isaac Stern, sculptor Louise Nevelson, prima ballerina Natalia Makarova and 14th Dalai Lama. 
In 1994, Shalit and her lifecasting art were featured in the Emmy Award-winning television documentary, "Willa: Behind The Mask".
She was Artist-in-Residence at the College of Santa Fe from 1989 to 1994.
Producer.
In 1985, Shalit produced James Lecesne's play "One Man Band" off-Broadway.
Shalit was the producer of the first anti-violence benefit performance of Eve Ensler's The Vagina Monologues with Whoopi Goldberg, Susan Sarandon, Winona Ryder, Calista Flockhart, Lily Tomlin and others. She also produced a 1997 reading of Eve Ensler's Necessary Targets at the Helen Hayes Theater Broadway starring Meryl Streep, Anjelica Huston, and Cherry Jones and the landmark V-Day 2001 performance in Madison Square Garden featuring Oprah Winfrey, Queen Latifah, Glenn Close, Claire Danes and many others. Shalit continued to produce the play in February 1998 in New York City, 
and during a second reading of the play at Kennedy Center for then First Lady Hillary Clinton starring Natalie Portman and Jena Malone. From 1999 to 2003 Shalit produced the play during the off-Broadway run at New York City's Westside Theater and later served as executive producer of the 2002 HBO film of the show. She was an executive producer of "Until the Violence Stops", a documentary film about V-Day's 2002 activities. 
She co-produced the 2002 Off-Broadway run of Ensler's "Necessary Targets", produced Carol Kaplan's play "Jocasta Rising" at the Artscape Theatre Centre in Cape Town, South Africa in 2004, and was an associate producer of the 2004 Broadway revival of August Wilson's "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom".
Photographer.
Shalit's photos of Afghanistan, Rwanda and Israel have been published in the Chicago Tribune, The New York Times, the International Herald Tribune, Parade magazine, Marie Claire magazine, O, The Oprah Magazine, and distributed by the Associated Press wire service.
Author and editor.
Her 1992 book details her methods and her experiences casting sculptures of the Dalai Lama and other notable persons.
Shalit also edited "Becoming Myself: Reflections on Growing Up Female", a collection of essays and reminiscences by notable women that was published by Hyperion in April 2006.
Entrepreneur.
To bring economic advancement to women in post-trauma zones, Shalit has worked to create markets in the United States for products manufactured jointly by Palestinian and Israeli women, and by women survivors of the Rwandan genocide.
Shalit's company, Fair Winds Trading, has become a leading importer of handmade goods from Rwanda; it has partnered with Macy's for the Rwanda Path to Peace project to market handwoven Rwandan baskets in the United States, and produced hand-beaded gemstone and glass bracelets in partnership with "O, The Oprah Magazine".
In 2010, Fair Winds Trading launched the Heart of Haiti line working with Macy's and the Clinton Foundation. The line includes handcrafted products made by Haitian artists and is part of an effort to help rebuild from the 2010 Haiti earthquake.
Philanthropist.
Shalit's Touch Foundation created an exhibit of touchable lifecasts of the faces of celebrities and other notable individuals, for the purpose of making those faces accessible to the blind and visually impaired, which toured American museums from 1990 to 2000, including the Philadelphia Museum of Art and the Memphis Brooks Museum of Art in Memphis, Tennessee.
Shalit was a member of the Board of Trustees at the College of Santa Fe from 1990 to 1995.
She co-founded V-Day with Ensler and served as its first executive director. V-day is a non-profit organization that distributes funds to grassroots, national, and international organizations and programs that work to stop violence against women and girls. Shalit served as a Special Advisor to the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM). In 2007, Shalit joined the Board of Directors of the Hadassah Foundation.
Personal life.
She and her former husband Michael Schneider have a daughter named Natasha Schneider. She lives in Santa Fe, New Mexico and New York City.
Awards.
"Women's eNews" named Shalit one of "21 Leaders for the 21st Century" in 2006."The Holmes Report", a magazine for public relations professionals, gave a 2006 Superior Achievement in Branding and Reputation Award to Shalit's Rwanda Path to Peace project, which was also "highly commended" by the judges of the International Chamber of Commerce's 2006 World Business Awards in support of the United Nations Development Programme's Millennium Development Goals.

</doc>
<doc id="2909776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909776" title="Ivor Catt">
Ivor Catt

Ivor Catt (born 1935) is a British electronics engineer known principally for his alternative theories of electromagnetism. He received a B.A. degree from Cambridge University, and has won two major product awards for his innovative computer chip designs, including the "Electronic Design" magazine's "best product of the year" award on 26 October 1989, after £16 million funding.
Biography.
Ivor Catt was born in England and grew up on an RAF airbase in Singapore. He left the country, along with his mother and sister, just before the Japanese invasion in 1942. He did his National Service stationed in Germany. He won a State Scholarship in mathematics and then studied engineering at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Wafer scale integration.
Catt developed and patented some ideas on "Wafer scale integration" (WSI) in 1972, and published his work in "Wireless World" in 1981, after his articles on the topic were rejected by academic journals. The technique, christened "Catt Spiral", was designed to enable the use of partially faulty integrated chips (called "partials"), which were otherwise discarded by manufacturers.
In mid-1980s, a British company "Anamartic", funded by Tandem Computers and Sir Clive Sinclair among others, announced plans to manufacture microchips ("superchips") based on Catt's technology. The approach was reported to be revolutionary at the time, with predictions that it would enable construction of powerful super-computers from cheap, mass-produced components, and cheaper and faster replacements for magnetic disk memories. Anamartic introduced a solid-state memory, called the Wafer Stack, based on the technology in 1989 and the device won "Electronic Product"'s ‘Product of the Year Award’. However the company could not ensure a large enough supply of silicon wafers, which were crucial for its chip manufacturing, and folded in 1992.
Writings and opinions.
On electromagnetism.
Catt argues that much of mainstream electromagnetism is wrong: Catt does not entertain the existence of electric charge as a fundamental entity and he claims that all charge is composed of trapped Heaviside energy current. He argues that capacitance and inductance are fictional, being artifacts of the transmission-line nature of the devices; that displacement current is not needed to explain capacitor operation. As opposed to normal electric current (flow of charge), Catt uses energy current to describe most effects.
On industrial management.
Catt spent six years in the 1960s working in five different electronic companies in the USA. He was very disillusioned by his experience and wrote a harsh critique of American management practices in his book, "The Catt Concept: The New Industrial Darwinism". Catt was critical of the hire and fire culture, which he labeled the "New Social Darwinism", and accused American employers of stifling their workers' creativity. The book got largely negative reviews, with Kirkus Reviews describing it as a contrived and often muddled work that rested on "one man's bitter and limited experience." Published in six languages.
On the English justice system.
In Catt's view the English justice system is heading to a collapse. He assigns the blame to Lord Denning, who according to Catt replaced the rule of law by desire for equity, ethics and righteousness. Catt also accuses radical feminists and anti-social women of causing the disintegration of the justice system and reducing divorced fathers to helots, through their control of the media and the courts. Catt discusses his views on the issue in his self-published book, "The Hook and the Sting: The Legal Mafia".
Current status of Catt's ideas.
Catt's paper 'Crosstalk (Noise) in Digital Systems,' in "IEEE Trans. on Elect. Comp.," vol. EC-16 (December 1967) pp. 749–58 has so far received 44 scholarly citations [http://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&lr=&cites=7347728401648293569, while two other popular papers written by Ivor Catt received 88 and 28 [http://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&lr=&cites=13335691372789325884 scholarly citations, respectively.
Catt also claimed disastrous consequences of what he calls censorship (by which he means, scientific journals declining to publish his papers) in an article in "Electronics World" September 2003 issue, 'EMC - A Fatally Flawed Discipline' pages 44–52:
"... during the Falklands War, the British warship HMS Sheffield had to switch off its radar looking for incoming missiles ... This is why it did not see incoming Exocet missiles, and you know the rest. How was it that after decades of pouring money into the EMC community, this could happen ... that community has gone into limbo, sucking in money but evading the real problems, like watching for missiles while you talk to HQ."
His work has received coverage and debate in the magazines "Wireless World" and "Electronics World" from December 1978 to September 1988, also see The "New Scientist" on 19 February 1989 stated that Catt proposed an electronic internet to share ideas and circumvent bigoted censorship [http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg12416924.800-forum-on-the-importance-of-being-creative--innovativethinkers-should-be-allowed-to-come-to-the-fore-.html:
"Catt argues that as bodies of knowledge grow, they become stronger in keeping out any new items of knowledge that appear to question the fundamental base of the established knowledge and its practitioners. To assist the propagation of new ideas, he proposes the creation of an electronic information-sharing network."

</doc>
<doc id="2909779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909779" title="Ampullae of Lorenzini">
Ampullae of Lorenzini

The ampullae of Lorenzini are special sensing organs called electroreceptors, forming a network of jelly-filled pores. They are mostly discussed as being found in cartilaginous fishes (sharks, rays, and chimaeras); however, they are also reported to be found in Chondrostei such as Reedfish and sturgeon. Lungfish have also been reported to have them. Teleosts have re-evolved a different type of electroreceptors. They were first described by Stefano Lorenzini in 1678.
These sensory organs help fish to sense electric fields in the water. Each ampulla consists of a jelly-filled canal opening to the surface by a pore in the skin and ending blindly in a cluster of small pockets full of special jelly. The ampullae are mostly clustered into groups inside the body, each cluster having ampullae connecting with different parts of the skin, but preserving a left-right symmetry. The canal lengths vary from animal to animal, but the distribution of the pores is generally specific to each species. The ampullae pores are plainly visible as dark spots in the skin. They provide fish with an additional sense capable of detecting electromagnetic fields as well as temperature gradients.
Electromagnetic field sensing ability.
The ampullae detect electric fields in the water, or more precisely the difference between the voltage at the skin pore and the voltage at the base of the electroreceptor cells. A positive pore stimulus would decrease the rate of nerve activity coming from the electroreceptor cells, and a negative pore stimulus would increase the rate of nerve activity coming from the electroreceptor cells.
Sharks may be more sensitive to electric fields than any other animal, with a threshold of sensitivity as low as 5 nV/cm. That is 5/1,000,000,000 of a volt measured in a centimeter-long ampulla. Since all living creatures produce an electrical field by muscle contractions, it is easy to imagine that a shark, such as the lemon shark of the family Carcharhinidae, may pick up weak electrical stimuli from the muscle contractions of animals, particularly prey. On the other hand, the electrochemical fields generated by paralyzed prey were sufficient to elicit a feeding attack from sharks and rays in experimental tanks; therefore muscle contractions are not necessary to attract the animals. Sharks and rays can locate prey buried in the sand, or DC electric dipoles that simulate the main feature of the electric field of a prey buried in the sand.
The electric fields produced by oceanic currents moved by the Earth's magnetic field are of the same order of magnitude as the electric fields that sharks and rays are capable of sensing. This could mean that sharks and rays can orient to the electric fields of oceanic currents, and use other sources of electric fields in the ocean for local orientation. Additionally, the electric field they induce in their bodies when swimming in the magnetic field of the Earth may enable them to sense their magnetic heading.
Behavioral studies have also provided evidence that sharks can detect changes in the geomagnetic field. In one experiment, sandbar sharks and scalloped hammerhead sharks were conditioned to associate a food reward with an artificial magnetic field. When the food reward was removed, the sharks continued to show a marked difference in behavior when the magnetic field was turned on vis-à-vis when it was off.
Temperature sensing ability.
Early in the 20th century, the purpose of the ampullae was not clearly understood, and electrophysiological experiments suggested a sensibility to temperature, mechanical pressure and possibly salinity. It was not until 1960 that the ampullae were clearly identified as specialized receptor organs for sensing electric fields.
The ampullae may also allow the shark to detect changes in water temperature. Each ampulla is a bundle of sensory cells containing multiple nerve fibres. These fibres are enclosed in a gel-filled tubule which has a direct opening to the surface through a pore. The gel is a glycoprotein based substance with the same resistivity as seawater, and it has electrical properties similar to a semiconductor.
This has been suggested as a mechanism by which temperature changes are transduced into an electrical signal that the shark may use to detect temperature gradients, although it is a subject of debate in scientific literature.

</doc>
<doc id="2909790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909790" title="Tsing Yi Fishermen's Children's Primary School">
Tsing Yi Fishermen's Children's Primary School

Tsing Yi Fishermen's Children's Primary School () was a school for the children of fishermen on Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong, founded by the Fish Marketing Organisation. Fishermen's Children's Primary Schools marked that fishing once was an important industry in Hong Kong and there was a concern to improve fishermen's literacy. The good harbours besides the Rambler Channel attracted many fishermen and fishing boats such that here was a need to have a school on Tsing Yi Island. The school was finally built on the top of a hill near Moon Tsai Tong. The school survived until the late 1980s when extensive reclamation forced most fishermen to abandon their living on the sea.
The school was close to the relocation villages of Fishermen's Village and St. Paul's Village for fishermen. The former site of the school is now a Protestant church, Tsing Lam Church.

</doc>
<doc id="2909793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909793" title="Smith Corona">
Smith Corona

Smith Corona is a US manufacturer of thermal labels, direct thermal labels, and thermal ribbons used in warehouses for primarily barcode labels. Once a large U.S. typewriter and mechanical calculator manufacturer, it expanded aggressively during the 1960s to become a broad-based industrial conglomerate whose products extended to paints, foods, and paper. The mechanical calculator sector was wiped out in the early 1970s by the production of cheap electronic calculators, and the typewriter business collapsed in the mid-1980s due to the introduction of PC-based word processing. Smith Corona did address this by manufacturing word processing typewriters such as PWP 1400 model. Its competitors were Brother, Olivetti, Adler, Olympia and IBM. In late 2010, Smith Corona entered the industrial ribbon and label market. The company no longer manufacturers typewriters or calculators, but does manufacture large quantities of barcode and shipping labels and thermal ribbons used in thermal transfer printers. Their facility is in Cleveland, OH. Smith Corona now competes with distributors of Zebra Technologies supplies, packaging companies like Uline and various other private companies.
History.
The company originated in 1886, when the Smith Premier Typewriter Company was established by brothers; Lyman Cornelius Smith, Wilbert Smith, Monroe C. Smith and Hurlburt Smith. The brothers created the first machine to use both uppercase and lowercase letters. This was accomplished with a unique feature that made use of a double keyboard. The advertisements "cunningly boasted" that there was "a key for every character!"
In 1887, the "Smith-Premier", the first typewriter to bear the Smith name, was manufactured in Lyman C. Smith's gun factory on South Clinton Street in Syracuse, New York. Alexander T. Brown, an employee, invented the machine, and Wilbert Smith financed the construction of the prototype.
Gun factory.
Lyman Smith and Wilbert Smith owned a gun factory in Syracuse and after they hired Brown he sparked Wilburt's interest in financing and improving typewriters. The parts of a typewriter are surprisingly similar to those of a shotgun "so producing the typewriter at the gun factory was logical and easy."
Business was going so well, in 1888, the Smith brothers discontinued shotgun production and strictly produced typewriters with the help of their younger brothers, Monroe Smith and Hurlbut Smith.
Smith Brothers.
The Smith Premier Typewriter Company was established in 1886 by brothers; Lyman Cornelius Smith, Wilbert Smith, Monroe C. Smith and Hurlbut Smith who were born in Lisle, New York. 
Eldest brother, Leroy Smith, invented the Peerless typewriter in 1891, which "greatly resembled" the "Smith-Premier". It had the same double keyboard with 76 characters and also had "blind type" so the typist could not see what was being printed.
Union Typewriter Company.
During 1893, Smith joined with the Union Typewriter Company, a trust in Syracuse which included rival firms Remington, Caligraph, Densmore and Yost. 
Not long after, Union took action and blocked the Smith Premier Typewriter Company from using the new front strike design, which allowed typists to see the paper as they typed. As a result, the Smith brothers quit in 1903 and founded L. C. Smith & Bros. Typewriter Company. The new company soon released the "L.C. Smith & Bros. Model No. 2", which was an odd beginning because, a full year later, they released the "L.C. Smith & Bros. Model No. 1." Carl Gabrielson was the inventor of both No. 1 and No. 2 models. 
In 1906, the Rose Typewriter Company of New York City marketed the first successful portable typewriter. They were "bought out" by Smith in 1909 and the company moved upstate to Groton, New York. At that time, the firm was renamed Standard Typewriter Company.
Typewriter services.
To promote usage of the typewriter, the company began by offering typing services at the company headquarters located at the corner of East Genesee and Washington streets in Syracuse. An advertisement on December 27, 1904, for "Smith Premier" typewriters, touted the "Employee Department" which offered services such as finding a "competent stenographer (male or female) to operate any make of machine." The company advertised they could provide the services promptly, saving clients time and trouble and "examining" all applicants. Operators could perform duties such as stenographer, typewriter, telegrapher and bookkeeper.
Corona Typewriter Company.
With the success of their Corona model in 1914, Standard Typewriter Company was renamed again and became the Corona Typewriter Company. "Smith Corona" was created when L. C. Smith & Bros. united with Corona Typewriter in 1926, with L. C. Smith & Bros. making office typewriters and Corona Typewriter making portables.
World War II M1903A3 bolt-action rifles.
Production shifted from typewriters to various military weapons and parts during World War II. In October 1942, Smith-Corona Typewriter Company began producing M1903A3 Springfield rifles at its plant in Syracuse, with assistance from Remington Arms and High Standard Manufacturing Company. Subcontractor barrels give unusual collector value to some of these 234,580 Springfield rifles. Serial numbers 3608000 to 3707999 and 4708000 to 4992000 carry the Smith-Corona name on the receiver ring. While many M1903A3 rifles manufactured by Remington have 2-groove barrels, most rifles assembled by Smith Corona used 4-groove barrels manufactured by High Standard, and approximately five thousand of the barrels finished by High Standard were from 6-groove barrel blanks made by Savage Arms. 
Bolts on Remington M1903A3 rifles have a parkerized finish and are stamped with the letter R at the root of the handle; while Smith Corona bolts are blued and usually stamped with a letter X on top of the handle, although some are unmarked. Some extractors on Smith Corona rifles are stamped with a letter S on the bottom. Stamped steel stock fittings were generally blued, although some were parkerized in late production. Butt plates of the Smith Corona rifles were checkered with 10 or 11 lines per inch, while Remington used 16 lines per inch. Rifle production ceased on February 19, 1944, when supplies of standard M1 Garand rifles were considered adequate. Some of the rifles were never issued, while others were reconditioned in government armories after service use. Reconditioned rifles often have substituted parts from Remington or Springfield manufacture. Most rifles were stored after the war until many were sold through the Civilian Marksmanship Program in the early 1960s.
Mid-century.
After the war, the company concentrated on making its typewriters more convenient and efficient for use in business offices. Typewriter sales peaked after World War II; in response to a demand for typewriters capable of faster output, "Smith Corona" introduced electric typewriters in 1955. Electric portables, intended for traveling writers and business people, but later widely purchased for general home use, were introduced in 1957. The new portable electric typewriters would become an essential tool for generations of U.S. high school and college students.
In a diversification move into the wider office technology sector, "Smith Corona" purchased the Kleinschmidt Corporation in 1956 and Marchant Calculator in 1958, changing its corporate name to Smith-Corona Marchant Inc.. Also in 1958, "Smith Corona" acquired British Typewriters, Ltd. of West Bromwich, England, a company that made small portable typewriters. The company invented the typewriter power carriage return in 1960, the same year it moved from Syracuse to Cortland, New York and opened new corporate headquarters on Park Avenue in New York City. 1960 also saw the company's first foray into the photocopier business with the Vivicopy range of machines, also the accounting machinery market with a range of punch card and tape products manufactured for it in Germany by Keinzle. Still on the acquisition trail, SCM acquired the St. Louis Microstatic Company in 1961. This merger gave rise to the Model 33 Electrostatic Copier, which went on sale in April 1962.
Thus by the mid-1960s SCM had become a major supplier to the office equipment market, offering photocopiers, typewriters and calculating machines.
In 1962, "Smith Corona" changed its corporate name to SCM Corporation and adopted the tribar SCM logo. In 1967, SCM purchased the Allied Paper Corporation for $33 million. The new paper-making division was named SCM Allied Paper. In the same year, SCM also merged with The Glidden paint company. Glidden was reorganized as the Glidden-Durkee division of SCM. One reason for this merger was that Glidden saw SCM's bid as a "White Knight" bid in preference to an alternative offer from Greatamerica Corporation in Dallas, Texas and General Anniline & Film of New York. In its turn, the acquisition put the (now much larger) SCM itself beyond the reach of any potential hostile bidders of the time. It was also hoped that Glidden's research into paper coatings would be useful in SCM's copier business. 
The "Letterpack" product of 1967 was a handset on which personal voice messages could be recorded on small tape cartridges which could be mailed to the recipient (who needed another handset to replay it). The cartridges lasted 3, 6 or 10 minutes, and a pair of handsets cost $7
In 1965 SCM was instrumental in developing smaller computers for the business. These products, the 2814 and the 2816 (sure hope I remember those right). These computer products were developed by SCM so that businesses could be more efficient. Not everyone could afford EUNVAC. The basic computer consisted of an electric typewriter, plug boards, card readers, paper and mag tape readers. The client would purchase a computer and programs specifically designed for their operation. Bookkeeping, invoicing, presentations packages, etc. This data processing division was eventually sold to Control Data Corporation in the early 70's.
In 1971, SCM bought the consumer product company Proctor Silex, manufacturers of toasters and can-openers. 
In 1973 a new typewriter manufacturing facility employing 1300 people was erected in Singapore.
Cartridge ribbon.
In 1973, SCM introduced a cartridge ribbon which eliminated the long-standing problem of getting ink-stained fingers from hand-threading a replacement spool of inked ribbon
Financial problems.
The calculator market was devastated by cheap electronic pocket calculators in the mid-1970s. The typewriter market too was being undermined by cheap imports from the Far East, this being a contributing factor in the closure of the West Bromwich, England plant in 1981. By 1985, personal computers were being widely used for word processing, and SCM launched their first portable word processor, along with the first portable typewriter that included an electronic spelling function. But these products were insufficient to counter the diminishing size of the typewriter market. This, and the corporate bloat associated with being a conglomerate whose many different operating divisions had no inherent business logic, rendered it vulnerable to take-over. Thus, in 1986 SCM was taken over by Hanson Plc, a UK-based take-over and acquisition specialist. Hanson immediately disposed of some SCM divisions and the headquarters building in New York City for a significant profit.
The company moved its remaining typewriter manufacturing operations from Cortland to Mexico in 1995 and announced it was cutting 750 jobs as a result of continuing sales declines. Shortly thereafter, the company declared bankruptcy. Since 1995, the company concentrated on sales of portable electronic typewriters, as well as typewriter and word processor supplies. The company's then current electronic models featured LCD displays, built-in dictionaries, and spell check and grammar check features.
Thermal label market.
After being acquired by a private company during its second bankruptcy in 2000, Smith Corona briefly moved all typewriter manufacturing and typewriter supplies manufacturing to Cleveland, Ohio. Within five years Smith Corona quit manufacturing all typewriters. As the typewriter supplies business continued to decline, Smith Corona decided to leverage its expertise in ribbons and thermal technologies it had previously used in the typewriter business in the growing thermal label market.

</doc>
<doc id="2909795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909795" title="October 2005 in Britain and Ireland">
October 2005 in Britain and Ireland

__NOTOC__
"This page deals with current events in the English-speaking places of Europe. These are England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland, the Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey and Gibraltar."

</doc>
<doc id="2909815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909815" title="Keith Jenkins">
Keith Jenkins

Keith Jenkins is a British historiographer. Like Hayden White and "postmodern" historiographers, Jenkins believes that any historian's output should be seen as a story. A work of history is as much about the historian's own world view and ideological positions as it is about past events. This means that different historians will inevitably ascribe different meaning to the same historical events. 
Jenkins retired from the position of professor of historical theory at the University of Chichester in 2008. He is the author of "Re-thinking History" (1991), "On "What is History" : From Carr and Elton to Rorty and White" (1995) and edited "The Postmodern History Reader" (1997), the author of "Why History? Ethics and Postmodernity" (1999). With Alun Munslow he co-authored "The Nature of History Reader" (2004), in which key pieces of writing by leading historians are reproduced and evaluated, with an explanation and critique of their character and assumptions. A substantial critical account of his work written By Dr Alexander Macfie was published in June 2012 in Reviews in History, a publication of the Institute of Historical Research.

</doc>
<doc id="2909820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909820" title="Dennis Awtrey">
Dennis Awtrey

Dennis Wade Awtrey (born February 22, 1948) is a retired American professional basketball player. A 6'10" center from Santa Clara University, Awtrey was drafted by the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers in 1970. He played in the league for twelve seasons, spending time with the 76ers, Chicago Bulls, Phoenix Suns, Boston Celtics, Seattle SuperSonics, and Portland Trail Blazers. Awtrey had his finest season in 1974-1975, when he averaged 9.9 points and 8.6 rebounds as a member of the Suns.. In 1973, he punched Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in the face. In 2012, Awtrey moved to Manzanita, Oregon, where he now operates a bed-and-breakfast.

</doc>
<doc id="2909841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909841" title="Taepyeongso">
Taepyeongso

The taepyeongso (lit. "big peace wind instrument"; also called hojok, hojeok 호적 胡笛, nallari, or saenap, 嗩吶) is a Korean double reed wind instrument in the shawm or oboe family, probably descended from the Persian zurna and closely related to the Chinese suona. It has a conical wooden body made from "yuja" (citron), "daechu" (jujube), or yellow mulberry wood, with a metal mouthpiece and cup-shaped metal bell. It came to Korea from China during the Goryeo period (918 – 1392). 
The loud and piercing sound it produces has kept it confined mostly to Korean folk music (especially "farmer's band music") and to marching bands, the latter performed for royalty in the genre known as "daechwita". It is, however, also used sparingly in other genres, including Confucian, Buddhist and Shamanist ritual musics and neo-traditional/fusion music.
Writings.
English.
Written sources in English are scarce. The instrument is mentioned and discussed briefly in a number of books, such as those produced by the National Center for the Traditional Korean Performing Arts, which introduce Western readers to Korean music and culture. Nathan Hesselink's "Pungmul" (2006) devotes a few paragraphs of background to the instrument, as does Keith Howard’s "Korean Musical Instruments: A Practical Guide" (1988). Lee Byong-Won’s "Buddhist Music of Korea" (1987) provides brief analyses of "taepyeongso" playing in Buddhist
ceremonial music and dance, as well as some important details about the players.
Maria Seo, in "Hanyang Gut" (2002), and Lee Yong-Shik in "Shaman Ritual Music in Korea" (2004), provide some context for "taepyeongso" playing in shaman rituals. Keith Howard has an interesting, although speculative, discussion on "daechwita"—royal processional music usually featuring two "taepyeongso" in "Bands, Songs and Shamanistic Rituals" (1989), and further context for
"taepyeongso" in court music is provided by Song Kyong-Rin in “Korean Musical Instruments” (in "Survey of Korean Arts: Traditional Music", 1973).
Korean.
Journal articles include Go Boyun's overview of "taepyeongso" playing in "pungmul", "풍물놀이를 위한 태평소 지도반" (2002), and an acoustical analysis of "taepyeongso" sound production by Byeon Jungbae, et al., entitled (in English) “Extraction of Characteristics Corresponding
to Bell of Taepyeongso Based on Acoustical Analysis” (2007). Master's theses are more numerous. The list includes: "A study of Buddhist ritual and taepyeongso" (불교 의식과 태평소에 관한 연구) by Jeong Namgeun in 2001; "영산재에 연주되는 태평소 가락 분석" of taepyeongso melodies for yeongsanje by Kim Wonseon (1999); "태평소 시나위 선율분석 연구:박종선류를 중심으로" of Bak Jongseon's sinawi by Bak Gyeonghyeon (2004); "태평소와 사물놀이를 위한 관현악: '푸리'" [“puri” for taepyeongso and samulnori] by Hwang Uijong (1991); "한국 전통음악의 연구: 박범훈류 피리산조, 대풍류, 태평소시나위를 중심으로" of Korean 15 traditional music: connections between Bak Beomhun's taepyeongso sinawi, piri sanjo, and daepungnyu by Yu Gyeongsu (1998); "대취타 변천과정에 대한 연구:태평소 선율을 중심으로" of the evolution of taepyeongso melody in daechwita by Kang Yeonggeun (1998); "능게굿거리 선율 비교 분석 :지영희, 최경만 선율을 중심으로" of Choi Gyeongman’s and Ji Yeonghi's neunggye gutgeori by Kim Seongyeop (2005); and "동 서양의 겹 리드악기의 발전과 역사적 고찰" and history of double reed instruments in Korea and the west by Kim Gi-nam (2004).
History and classification.
Names.
The instrument is known by a number of names, including "taepyeongso" (hanja: "great peace pipe"), "hojeok" (hanja: "reed instrument of the Xianjiang people"), "saenap"/"swenap" (probably a transliteration of "suona", the Chinese version of the instrument), and "nallari/nalnari" (pure Korean; onomatopoeic). The term "saenap" was adopted as the official term for educational use by the National Centre for the Traditional Korean Arts, but is currently the least commonly encountered, and NCKTPA’s website now uses the term "taepyeongso". The term "nallari/nalnari" tends to be associated with popular entertainment (especially "pungmul"), rather than ritual use.
Classification.
Under the Hornbostel-Sachs system of classification, "taepyeongso" would be designated 422.112: an oboe with a conical bore. Indigenous classification systems in Korea categorize instruments by use/origin and by material. Classification by materials—called "pal eum", or “eight tones”—is based on Chinese classification theory, and was used as the basis of the oftcited 1908 document "Jeungbo munheonbigo". In this document, "taepyeongso" is classified as bamboo, perhaps to reflect its similarity to "piri", another double reed instrument. In later classifications based on "pal eum", however, such as Kim Gi-su’s "Gugak Ipmun" (1983), "taepyeongso" is sometimes reclassified as wood. The remaining six materials in this system are metal, silk, skin, stone, gourd, and clay. ‘Classification by use’ derives from the Goryeosa ("History of Goryeo", 1451) in which instruments were categorized according to whether they were used in "aak" 20 (ritual music of Chinese origin), "dangak" (secular music of Chinese origin), and/or "sogak" (indigenous music), with some instruments being included in more than one category. Meanwhile, in the "Akhak gwebeom", the encyclopedic 1493 treatise on music, instruments are similarly classified under the categories "aak", "dangak", and "hyangak" (indigenous music), but here instruments are placed in only one category, suggesting an ‘origin’-based scheme rather than a ‘use’-based scheme.
In this treatise, noteworthy for containing the earliest written mention of "taepyeongso" in Korea, "taepyeongso" appears—together with "janggu", "haegeum" (spiked fiddle), "ajaeng" (bowed zither) and other instruments widely used in Korean folk traditions today—under "dangak".
Introduction to Korea.
The precise date of the instrument’s introduction to Korea is unknown. It seems to not have been included in the historically significant gift of instruments given to the Goryeo-era King Yejeong by Emperor Huizong of Song in 1114, although similar instruments are mentioned, including “twenty oboes…with thin wooden tablets bound with gold and silver threads, red silk mattresses, and purple silk hyoppokcha”. As indicated, the earliest mention of "taepyeongso" is in the 1493 Akhak gwebeom. The alternative name "hojeok"—referring to the peoples of the Xinjiang region of Northwest China from where the instrument is believed to have been introduced to East Asia during the third to fifth centuries—suggests a possible route for the instrument's introduction to Korea.
Distribution.
The common Chinese term for this instrument type ("suona") seems, like the "shehnai" of India and the Cambodian "sralai", to be a transliteration of "zurna", the Persian "shawm". As suggested above, the Sino-Korean term ""saenap"" is likely another variation of this term. In any case, similar instruments have traveled widely from their purported roots in Persia—to Cuba, where it is known as the trompeta china and is used in carnival festivities (see Trompeta china); to Spain, where it is known as the "dulzaina"; to Kenya, where it is the "bung’o" or "nzumari"; to Croatia, where it is the "sopila", and so on.
The instrument's loud, wailing cry lends itself to outdoor, public occasions, and it tends to be accompanied—in Korea and elsewhere—by drums and other percussion instruments. In North Korea, a new "jang-saenap" with oboe-like keys, a mellower sound, and an extended range has been developed. There is at least one CD available in the South of this instrument — Choi Yeong-deok's "Jang-saenap Dokju-kogjip" — whose tracks include renditions of "Amazing Grace" and "Polovetsian Dances" by Alexander Borodin.
Construction.
Body of Instrument.
There are seven fingerholes on the front, of which only the upper five are
normally used, and one in the back, which the left thumb nearly always covers (the main exception to this is daechwita, where all eight holes are played).
Various types of wood are used, including jujube (Howard 1995, 55), citron wood, yellow mulberry wood (Yun 1998, 33), and ebony. Construction today is standardized, and
most are imported from China, although one might imagine that in the past there
must have been considerable variations in the construction. More expensive
instruments can usually be taken completely apart for cleaning or replacement,
while with cheaper instruments, normally only the bell and tassel can be removed.
Reeds.
In the past, reeds were made of the stem of river reeds (galdae) hollowed out,
repeatedly steamed and dried, sanded down and shaped, and bound at the
bottom with thread to hold it firmly to the mouthpiece. Today, most players use
pieces of plastic drinking straws.
Making a Reed.
1. Cut a piece of drinking straw to fit. The length depends on individual tastes—
longer reeds make a lower sound and shorter reeds a higher sound.
2. Cut the corners off the top.
3. Flatten the reed in order to make two sharp edges.
4. Wrap a piece of fine grain sandpaper around the index finger or the instrument
(to make a curved surface).
5. Gently sand the flat part of the straw. Count how many strokes you execute on
each side to maintain consistency. Test and sand as needed. Generally, a softer,
thinner reed will be easier to produce sounds initially, but a certain degree of
firmness is required to hit higher notes and manipulate the sound fully.
Contexts.
The contexts in which the "taepyeongso" is used are limited by its high volume. Thus, it is rarely used with voice or other melodic instruments, but frequently with drums, and almost always played outdoors.
Royal processions.
The Sino-Korean term "chwita" literally means "blowing and hitting," while the prefix "dae-" means "great." "Daechwita" was used in processions—for example—for the "opening and closing of the gate to military headquarters" with a louder band (featuring "taepyeongso") preceding the king and a softer one (featuring "piri") following.
Confucism.
In Korean Confucian ritual music, the "taepyeongso" is used only in three songs—"Somu," "Punung," and "Yeonggwan" (Seo 2002, 206) of the "Jeongdae-eop" of the military accomplishments of Korean leaders section performed by the courtyard ensemble during Jongmyo jerye-ak (ritual music for Korean ancestors)
Buddhism.
The "taepyeongso" is used to accompany ritual dance as part of the outdoor band called "jorachi" or "gyeongnaechwi", together with a large gong, cymbals, a barrel drum, and an optional long trumpet and a conch shell.
Shamanism.
According to most sources, the "taepyeongso" is not a central instrument in shaman ritual music. Maria Seo reports that the "taepyeongso" is not a traditional part of "Hanyang Gut" (ritual) of Seoul and is used only in specific situations: “The instrument is often played when several gut are in progress simultaneously. The "piri" player often switches to "taepyeongso", producing a louder sound so that his own group of ritual specialists can follow the music better”. Seo also mentions "ssang hojeok" (two "taepyeongso" played simultaneously), and the use of seven "taepyeongso" played simultaneously during a portion of the ritual in which her informant walked on knife blades. Lee Yong-Shik makes similar observations with regards to Hwanghae region rituals:
In the southwest (Jeolla province), the "taepyeongso" is again an optional instrument in the "sinawi" ensemble of the southwestern region of Jeolla's shaman ritual. In the east, the "taepyeongso" was reintroduced into, and used frequently by, Kim Seok-chul in "Donghae-an Byeolsingut" (east coast purification ritual), but has been discontinued since his passing. In brief, the "taepyeongso" is used more as an effect than a core instrument in shaman ritual music, a situation made possible by the fact that the professional musicians who accompany shaman rituals are multi-instrumentalists, able to easily switch from one instrument to another.30
"Pungmul" and associated contexts.
The primary context in which the "taepyeongso" is featured is during "pungmul" and other Namsadang (professional travelling entertainment troupe) activities, such as tightrope-walking and acrobatics. There is considerable overlap in the repertoire used for "pungmul"-based "taepyeongso" playing with shamanist and Buddhist ritual
"taepyeongso" playing—indeed, it is often the same musicians involved.
"Sanjo" and "Sinawi".
A form of "Taepyeongso sanjo" (i.e., a virtuosic display of melodies in various modes and rhythmic patterns) was developed by Bang Taejin and transmitted to Kim Seok-Chul. A more developed sanjo, modelled on the sanjo of other Korean instruments and employing a wider variety of modal development than Kim Seok-Chul's sanjo, was recently composed by Jeong Gyeong Jo at the National Institute for Namdo Performing Arts. "Taepyeongso Sinawi" or "Taepyeongso and Samulnori" is another avenue for virtuosic display, normally accompanied by a samulnori ensemble. Taepyeongso Sinawi usually uses the southwestern melodic mode (also called sinawi), but may include menari and neunggye melodic content as well.
New music and fusion.
The "taepyeongso" is used frequently on new music and fusion recordings. In these contexts, the "taepyeongso" may play Western melodies, newly composed melodies, and/or traditional melodies. The primary uses of the "taepyeongso" in such contexts may be categorized as follows:
The instrument has been used in contemporary popular music; Seo Tai-ji & Boys combined it with heavy metal music in the 1993 song "Hayeoga."
Repertoire.
There is considerable overlap within the taepyeongso repertoire among the contexts the described above, with the exception of Confucian Ritual Music. Due to lack of information, North Korean styles are not discussed.
Generally, the repertoire is described in reference to three regional styles: neunggye or gyeongtori (Central Region), Sinawi (Southwestern Region), and Menari (Eastern Region). While these styles were once presumably confined to their respective regions, players today are mostly familiar with each regional style and freely mix (or do not mix) the styles according to personal preference.
Describing these styles in terms of western musical theory is problematic insofar as tunings and formal characteristics differ among individual players. Unlike European art music, the taepyeongso repertoire has traditionally been transmitted directly from teacher to student without aid of written scores, resulting in widely varying interpretations of melodic forms.
Tones and Fingerings.
The modern taepyeongso has eight fingerholes, seven in front and one on the back. Of the seven frontal fingerholes, most styles are played using only the upper five holes, with the hole in the back remaining covered . The instrument is capable of producing two full octaves, but is mostly confined to approximately an octave and a half. The tones that result from blowing the instrument while covering any particular number of fingerholes vary according to the particular construction of the instrument, the reed, and the player's embouchure. Specific terms for notes produced by various combinations of covered/uncovered holes are provided by Korean musical theory, imported and adapted from Chinese musical theory. The western note designations provided below are approximate.
Upper octave notes share the same names, although they assume different roles and functions from lower octave notes within melodic constructions. Identical or similar tones may be produced with a variety of different fingerings. Different fingerings may be used to produce different timbres; basic fingering patterns may also vary from teacher to teacher, depending on personal habits and preferences.
Neunggye/Gyeongtori.
The term neunggye is of uncertain meaning and origin. It is used almost exclusively to refer to taepyeongso melodies of the central region and is associated particularly with pungmul contexts. The term gyeongtori is a modern construct consisting of a regional designation ('gyeong', referring to gyeonggi province) and a modern musicological term ('-tori', that is, regional mode). The former term, neunggye, is somewhat nebulous, and may refer to either specific melodies or a general style, while the latter refers only to the regional style, but is mostly confined to academic usage.
Compared with other regional styles, the gyeongtori style has a greater variety of individual melodies, but is more fixed in its formal characteristics. Below are listed the most common gyeongtori melodies for taepyeongso.
Neunggye Gutgeori.
Neunggye Gutgeori is commonly employed as a beginning piece for new players.
It shares basic melodic and formal characteristics with, and most likely is derived from, the folksong Taepyeongga and the related gyeonggi shaman song Changbutaryeong.
It has a fixed form consisting of three main sections, although this form is sometimes varied.
As the name indicates, it is played to gutgeori jangdan. In general, neunggye melodies feature a descending contour.
Neunggye Jajinmori.
Neunggye Jajinmori shares some of the important characteristics of Neungye Gutgeori, such as descending melodic lines, a characteristic cadential phrase echoing that of Neunggye Gutgeori, consistent vibrato on Im and Hwang, and an opening phrase emphasizing Jung. Unlike Neunggye Gutgeori, it does not have a fixed form—a melodic cycle may last for anywhere from one to eleven (or more, at least theoretically) rhythmic cycles.
It is played to jajinmori jangdan.
Giltaryeong/Cheonsubara.
Giltaryeong, or ‘road melody’, is a short, sixteen beat melody with a fixed form.
It may be played with a variety of different jangdan.
When played with hwimori jangdan, it is commonly referred to as “Neunggye Hwimori”, or simply “Hwimori”.
Cheonsubara, a melody used by taepyeongso players to accompany Buddhist ceremonial dance, is essentially identical to Giltaryeong.
Heoteuntaryong.
Heoteun, like 'san' in sanjo, means ‘scattered' or 'dispersed’; thus, heoteuntaryeong means ‘scattered melody’.
This melody is distinct from other taepyeongso melodies of the gyeonggi region in having Tae, rather than Im or Hwang, as its primary tone.
It has a non-fixed form which can be adapted to a wide range of jangdan, and is a popular vehicle for relatively free improvisation.
Gutgeori.
This melody, known by its primary accompanying jangdan (even though it may also be adapted to jajinmori jangdan), is a fixed-form melody consisting, like Neunggye Gutgeori, of three main sections.
Here, however, each section is two, rather than four (as in Neunggye Gutgeori), rhythmic cycles in duration.
The melody is associated with shaman rituals, and is often performed together with a wind ensemble called samhyeonyukgak.
Yeombul/Heoncheonsu.
Yeombul or Yeombultaryeong of sutra, is primarily associated with Buddhist ritual music.
It is sometimes performed by ssang hojeok (two taepyeongso played simultaneously in approximate unison).
Daechwita.
Daechwita was used to accompany state processions during the Joseon dynasty.
It is frequently performed by ssang hojeok, has a fixed form and, unlike most taepyeongso melodies, is rarely played outside of the original context (that is, one is very unlikely to hear it used for pungmul accompaniment, for example).
Assorted Minyo-derived Melodies.
This category includes any number of folksong melodies which may be adapted for taepyeongso in an entertainment context.
The most widely-played folksong on taepyeongso is undoubtedly Pungnyeonga, a ‘farming’ song which asks for a good harvest.
Other melodies in this category include Cheonnyeonmanse, Hangangsutaryeong, Taepyeongga, Yangsando, and Golpaetaryeong, among others.
Sinawi.
Compared with Neunggye Gutgeori and other gyeong-tori melodies, sinawi features a much more free form of improvisation and, in terms of mood, tends to be associated with sorrow.
According to Lee Bohyeong, the term sinawi is derived from sanoe or sanae, the religious folk music of the Shilla Dynasty (2002, 889).
He further differentiates between several types of sinawi: “the original sinawi, which accompanied shaman chants and dances; the non-ritual sinawi, which was performed solo or in an ensemble; the transitional sinawi, which still maintained its improvisational style but was changing into sanjo with influence from the narrative vocal genre p’ansori; and finally the fixed sinawi, which had formal rhythmic and modal schemes and fixed melodic structure” (890).
Taepyeongso sinawi would seem to fall somewhere between the second and last of these types—a solo, non-ritual form which frequently follows a fixed rhythmic progression.
Melodies based on sinawi are also commonly used to accompany pungmul ensembles.
From Kim Seonghak, “Taepyeongso eumgye iyagi gyemyeonjo (sinawi)”: 
Menari.
Menari-tori is the least played of taepyeongso styles. As with neunggye, there are particular folksong-derived menari-tori melodies—most notably Baetnorae—which can be played on taepyeongso but, like sinawi, menari is used more commonly as a melodic springboard for freer forms of improvisation. Menari's primary characteristic phrase consists of a downwards sequence of tae-hwang-nam. Unlike neunggye and sinawi, the primary tone of menari is tae, while im is only rarely sounded.

</doc>
<doc id="2909843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909843" title="Monte Vista High School">
Monte Vista High School

Monte Vista High School can refer to several high schools in California:
See also: Monta Vista High School in Cupertino, California (a slightly different spelling)

</doc>
<doc id="2909851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909851" title="Trepidation (astronomy)">
Trepidation (astronomy)

According to a medieval theory of astronomy, trepidation is oscillation in the precession of the equinoxes. The theory was popular from the 9th to the 16th centuries.
The origin of the theory of trepidation comes from the "Small Commentary to the Handy Tables" written by Theon of Alexandria in the 4th century CE. In precession, the equinoxes appear to move slowly through the ecliptic, completing a revolution in approximately 25,800 years (according to modern astronomers). Theon states that certain (unnamed) ancient astrologers believed that the precession, rather than being a steady unending motion, instead reverses direction every 640 years. The equinoxes, in this theory, move through the ecliptic at the rate of 1 degree in 80 years over a span of 8 degrees, after which they suddenly reverse direction and travel back over the same 8 degrees. Theon describes but did not endorse this theory.
A more sophisticated version of this theory was adopted in the 9th century to explain a variation which Islamic astronomers incorrectly believed was affecting the rate of precession. This version of trepidation is described in "De motu octavae sphaerae" ("On the Motion of the Eighth Sphere"), a Latin translation of a lost Arabic original. The book is attributed to the Arab astronomer by Thābit ibn Qurra, but this model has also been attributed to Ibn al-Adami and to Thabit's grandson, Ibrahim ibn Sinan. In this trepidation model, the oscillation is added to the equinoxes as they precess. The oscillation occurred over a period of 7000 years, added to the eighth (or ninth) sphere of the Ptolemaic system. "Thabit's" trepidation model was used in the "Alfonsine Tables", which assigned a period of 49,000 years to precession. This version of trepidation dominated Latin astronomy in the later Middle Ages.
Islamic astronomers described other models of trepidation. In the West, an alternative to "De motu octavae sphaerae" was part of the theory of the motion of the Earth published by Nicolaus Copernicus in "De revolutionibus orbium coelestium" (1543). Copernicus' version of trepidation combined the oscillation of the equinoxes (now known to be a spurious motion) with a change in the obliquity of the ecliptic (axial tilt), acknowledged today as an authentic motion of the Earth's axis.
Trepidation was the mainstay of Hindu astronomy and was used to compute ayanamsha for converting sidereal to tropical longitudes. Third chapter in Suryasiddhanta, verses 9-10, provide the method for computing it, which E. Burgess interprets as 27 degree trepidation in either direction over a full period of 7200 years, at an annual rate of 54". This is nearly the same as Arab period of about 7000 years. Zero date as per Surya Siddhanta was 499 AD, after which trepidation is forward in the same direction as modern equinoctial precession. For the period before 1301 BCE, Suryasiddhantic trepidation would be opposite in sign to equinoctial precession. For the period 1301 BCE to 2299 AD, equinoctial precession and Suryasiddhantic precession would have same direction and sign, only magnitude differ. Brahma Siddhanta, Soma Siddhanta and Narada Purana describe exactly the same theory and magnitude of ptrepidation as in Suryasiddhanta, and some other Puranas also provide concise references to precession, esp Vayu purana and Matsya Purana.

</doc>
<doc id="2909853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909853" title="Zasshi Kiji Sakuin">
Zasshi Kiji Sakuin

Zasshi Kiji Sakuin (雑誌記事索引, "Japanese Periodicals Index"), often called Zassaku in short, is a searchable database of scholarly articles in Japanese. The database, produced by the National Diet Library (NDL) in 1948, catalogs selected articles from NDL's extensive collection of periodicals. The database was created for the purpose of facilitating scholastic research in providing citation information. Scholarly journals, specialized magazines, institutional periodical publications and general-interest magazines are included in the database from all areas of academic interest: humanities, social sciences, science and technology, and medical sciences, including pharmacology. Approximately 10,000 periodicals and more than 6,660,000 articles are currently registered in Zasshi Kiji Sakuin. It is updated every two weeks. Zasshi Kiji Sakuin's extensive coverage of periodicals provides an excellent bibliography of research and publications in Japan, which may not necessarily appear in non-Japanese journals of Japanese studies.
Collection.
Content of coverage.
Besides its extensive collection of academic journals, the database has collected non-academic magazines and periodicals since 1996 to cater to the research needs for the general public. In 1996, the database added weekly magazines: サンデー毎日、週刊読売、週刊朝日、週刊現代、週刊文春、週刊新潮、週刊ポスト、週刊宝石、Aera、金曜日, which, according to a survey conducted by NDL, are, among other magazines, most frequently used by the public. The database also acquired corporate magazines, high school and community college publications, and other research-related magazines. From 1996 to 2000, the number of magazines included in the database had increased from 3100 to 9000 due to NDL's major expansion of its magazines and periodicals. A full list of periodicals entry, as well as the selection criteria for the periodicals and articles, are available in Japanese through NDL's official website. In addition to the Japanese periodicals, the database contains foreign periodicals published in Japan, as well as Japanese periodicals published outside of Japan.
Period of coverage.
Zasshi Kiji Sakuin covers articles published after 1975. The articles in humanities and social sciences include those published since 1948. NDL is currently working on indexing articles in science and technology, which were published between 1948 and 1974. The project will extend until the fiscal year of 2007, but the citations are gradually becoming available in the database.
Access.
OPAC.
Produced by the National Diet Library, Zasshi Kiji Sakuin is free of charge and can be accessed through NDL's Online Public Access Catalog (OPAC), under "Search for Japanese Periodicals Index" on the English page and 雑誌記事索引の検索/申込み on the Japanese page. The OPAC is available both in Japanese and in English, and words can also be entered both in Japanese and in Romaji. Article information can be searched by article title, author name, journal title and publisher's name. In-text keyword search is not available. The OPAC's hours of operation (Japan time) are Monday through Saturday from 7am to 5:30am and Sunday from 7am to 1am, except the 3rd Sunday when it closes at 10pm.
Magazine Plus.
Zasshi Kiji Sakuin database is also available through Nichigai Associates via Magazine Plus. Magazine Plus is Japan's largest database of periodicals and academic articles. Besides containing the entire database of Zasshi Kiji Sakuin, Magazine Plus includes other databases of festschrifts (1945-2003), symposia & speeches (1945-2003), bulletins, transactions, proceedings (1945-2002), popular magazines (1981- ) and others. Magazine Plus is not free of charge and thus requires membership to access the database. The database is available only in Japanese.
CiNii.
Zasshi Kiji Sakuin can also be accessed through National Institute of Informatics (NII, formerly NACSIS) via Citation Information service (CiNii). As part of the larger function of GeNii, CiNii contains various academic databases including Zasshi Kiji Sakuin. Out of 9,100,000 articles registered in the database, approximately 210,0000 are available in full text with or without a fee. Except for viewing some of the electronic texts, CiNii is free of charge and is available both in Japanese and in English.

</doc>
<doc id="2909854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909854" title="Kivukoni">
Kivukoni

Kivukoni is one of Ilala district's wards found in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. The area is most notable for its vibrant fish market located near the pier that connects Dar es Salaam to the Kigamboni peninsula via ferry boat. Several embassies along with the National Museum and the Botanical gardens are located in the Kivukoni area.
The city of Kivukoni is 3rd largest city of Eastern Africa(East Africa). It lies between Mogadisho and Beira. According to recent reports it is the 4th favoured port in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="2909855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909855" title="Eight principles">
Eight principles

The Eight Principles are one of the basic ways traditional Chinese medicine has to diagnose. It uses the following eight divisions of symptoms:

</doc>
<doc id="2909880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909880" title="1976 Democratic National Convention">
1976 Democratic National Convention

The 1976 Democratic National Convention met at Madison Square Garden in New York City, from July 12 to July 15, 1976. The assembled United States Democratic Party delegates at the convention nominated Governor Jimmy Carter of Georgia for President and Senator Walter Mondale of Minnesota for Vice President. John Glenn and Barbara Jordan gave the keynote addresses. The convention was the first in New York since the 103-ballot 1924 convention.
By the time the convention opened Carter already had more than enough delegates to win the nomination, and so the major emphasis at the convention was to create an appearance of party unity, which had been lacking in the 1968 and 1972 Democratic Conventions. Carter easily won the nomination on the first ballot; he then chose Mondale, a liberal and a protégé of Hubert Humphrey, as his running mate. 
The Carter-Mondale ticket went on to win the 1976 presidential election on November 2.
Candidates gallery.
The tally at the convention was:
Platform.
The Democrats' 1976 platform called for continued price controls on natural gas, a policy which had caused dwindling domestic natural gas reserves since 1974 and which President Gerald Ford was asking to rescind. The platform stated: "Those now pressing to turn natural-gas price regulation over to OPEC, while arguing the rhetoric of so-called deregulation, must not prevail.
Vice-presidential nomination.
According to Jimmy Carter, his top choices for Vice Presidency were: Walter Mondale, Edmund Muskie, Frank Church, Adlai Stevenson III, John Glenn and Henry M. Jackson. He selected Mondale. 
The vice presidential tally, in part, was:
In his acceptance speech, Mondale diverted from his printed text which echoed John F. Kennedy's call to "get the country moving again"; Mondale instead said, "Let's get this government moving again!"

</doc>
<doc id="2909881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909881" title="Upper Montclair, New Jersey">
Upper Montclair, New Jersey

Upper Montclair is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated area and neighborhood within Montclair in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population for the CDP was 11,565. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP code 07043. It is often misperceived, even by Montclair residents, to be a separate municipality from Montclair, perhaps aided by this postal designation.
Commerce.
The commercial zone at the center of Upper Montclair, Upper Montclair Business District is home to several restaurants and shops. Unlike many of Montclair's other commercial zones, it has outlets of several major chain stores. In 2009–2010, several new national and local merchants opened in the area. Montclair Station Restaurant & Bar was opened in the historic Upper Montclair train station. Upper Montclair also has both a park, Anderson Park, and a railway station, Upper Montclair, nearby. There is a post office here.
Parks.
Upper Montclair is home to many parks and nature reserves. Within Upper Montclair there are Anderson Park, Yantacaw Brook Park, the Bonsal Nature Reserve, Mountainside Park, the Presby Memorial Iris Gardens, and parts of Mills Reservation and Brookdale Park. In addition, Upper Montclair has the Mountainside Public Pool, which is the largest of the three public pools in Montclair.
Upper Montclair also has Immaculate Conception Cemetery and Mount Hebron Cemetery.
Geography.
Upper Montclair CDP is located at (40.842576|-74.201302). According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP had a total area of 2.536 square miles (6.569 km2), of which, 2.535 square miles (6.567 km2) of it is land and 0.001 square miles (0.002 km2) of it (0.04%) is water.
Upper Montclair is north of Watchung Avenue, covering one-third of Montclair's township area.
Education.
Upper Montclair is also home to several private schools. They include Lacordaire Academy, Lacordaire Academy Elementary Division,and St. Cassian's School.
Transportation.
Upper Montclair is very well connected to the rest of New Jersey and New York City on account of its transportation infrastructure. The only types of public transportation in Upper Montclair are buses and trains, both provided by New Jersey Transit, although commuter bus service to Manhattan is provided by DeCamp Bus Lines.
Bus.
The area is also on NJ Transit's bus route 28, which goes from Montclair State University or Willowbrook Mall along Valley Road through Montclair, Glen Ridge and Bloomfield, to Downtown Newark. This bus route goes along Valley road for the great majority of its path in Upper Montclair, in some places on the route of Decamp's Number 66. Also, two DeCamp Bus Lines routes take commuters to the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York. Some Number 33 buses go along Grove Street, on the Eastern side of the neighborhood, while number 66 goes on Valley Road, in the West, then the central Park Street.
Road.
Upper Montclair has road connections to the rest of Montclair, Cedar Grove, Little Falls, Clifton, and Bloomfield. Just north of the neighborhood's border are U.S. Route 46 and New Jersey Route 3.
Notable people.
Notable current and former residents of Upper Montclair include:
References.
http://findnjhouse.com/communities/montclair/

</doc>
<doc id="2909886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909886" title="W. M. Gorman">
W. M. Gorman

William Moore "Terence" Gorman (17 June 1923 – 12 January 2003) was an Irish economist and academic. He was predominantly a theorist and is most famous for his work on aggregation and separability of goods, and in this context he developed his famous Gorman polar form. Gorman's career saw him a professor at such schools as Oxford, London School of Economics, Johns Hopkins, and Stanford, and he was honoured with the Presidency of the Econometric Society in 1972. His work was often highly technical and theoretical in nature, which made him incomprehensible to many of his contemporaries, but his keen eye for applications has given his work a lasting influence on modern economics.
Early life.
Gorman was born in Kesh in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland on 17 June 1923. He spent his early childhood in Lusaka, Rhodesia, where his African Nanny called him Terence, saying that William was not a proper Irish name; he was subsequently known as Terence, or 'Terry', throughout his life. After his father was shot dead when Gorman was only four years old, he returned with his mother and her staff to her family estate in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland, where he was brought up.
He attended Mount Temple College in Dublin, an exclusive preparatory school, and Foyle College (now "Foyle and Londonderry College") in Derry before moving on to Trinity College, Dublin in 1941. From 1943 to 1946, he served in the Royal Navy as a Rating and then Petty Officer before finally graduating from Trinity in 1948 in Economics and in 1949 in Mathematics, by which time he was involved with Alan Turing on the development of the computer. While at Trinity, he met his future wife, Dorinda. Gorman was highly influenced by Trinity Professor George A. Duncan, as well as by Professor James Davidson at Foyle College.
Academic career.
He began his academic career at the University of Birmingham in England where he taught from 1949 to 1962. Birmingham, at that time, was a leading centre for theoretical research, employing such luminaries as Frank Hahn, and Maurice McManus. It was during this period that what is now called Gorman polar form was rigorously introduced in an article entitled, "On a class of preference fields,” published in the journal Metroeconomica, in August 1961.
After Birmingham, he held the Chair of Economics at Oxford from 1962, and subsequently the Chair at the London School of Economics in 1967, where he introduced an American style mathematical economics programme. He was a Fellow of Nuffield College at Oxford from 1979, a Senior Research Fellow in 1984 and an Emeritus Fellow in 1990. He also spent some time in the United States as a Visiting Fellow, when he was engaged in research at the Iowa, Johns Hopkins, the North Carolina, and at Stanford.
After retirement, he continued to live in Oxford, although he spent his summers in County Cork, until in his last years illness impaired his mobility.
Approach to Economics.
Gorman credited his early education at Trinity and Foyle for teaching him "to think of mathematics and economics as styles of thought, not collections of theorems," and his experience at Birmingham taught him "to think of the social sciences as a unity with history as one way of holding them together" [http://www.esr.ie/Vol34_2Neary.pdf]. With this foundation, Gorman's theory was based both in empirical research and on the opinions and views of social scientists. Above all, however, Gorman was a mathematically talented economist, and his penchant for inter-disciplinarianism was only present in as much as that diversity presented him with tools to use or develop to explore the links between individual preferences and market behaviour.
The Gorman Lectures.
The Gorman Lectures in Economics, named after W. M. Gorman, is an annual event that takes place at the Department of Economics of University College London. The lectures are not confined to any sub-discipline of economics, and they are usually developed into a book, published by co-sponsor, Princeton University Press. The first lectures were delivered by the Nobel Laureate Professor James Heckman of Chicago University in December 2001. Avinash Dixit delivered the lectures in 2003. Robert M. Townsend of MIT delivered them in 2010. The 2011 lecture was given by Jerry Hausman of MIT and the 2013 lecture by Pierre-Andre Chiappori of Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="2909893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909893" title="Trisectrix">
Trisectrix

In geometry, a trisectrix is a curve which can be used to trisect an arbitrary angle. Such a method falls outside those allowed by compass and straightedge constructions, so they do not contradict the well known theorem which states that an arbitrary angle cannot be trisected with that type of construction. There are a variety of such curves and the methods used to construct an angle trisector differ according to the curve. Examples include:
A related concept is a sectrix, which is a curve which can be used to divide an arbitrary angle by any integer. Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="2909894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909894" title="William G. Gray">
William G. Gray

William G. Gray (1913–1992), better known to many as Bill Gray, was an English ceremonial magician who published widely on the subject of western esotericism and the occult. Gray is the founder of a magical order known as the Sangreal Sodality.
Born to a working-class family in Harrow, Middlesex, Gray moved around a lot as a child, living in various locations across England, and also in Montreal, Canada, where he took a particular interest in the rituals of the Roman Catholic Church. Developing an early interest in western esotericism from his mother, who was a professional fortune teller, he met a number of famous occultists in his youth, including Victor Neuburg, Aleister Crowley and Dion Fortune. Eventually taking an Austrian named Emile Napoleon Hauenstein to be his magical teacher, he joined the British Army and served for several years, fighting in the Second World War.
Returning to Britain, he befriended and performed rituals with members of many different occult currents in Britain at the time, including Robert Cochrane, and published a number of books on the subject of the esoteric. 1975 saw the publication of "The Rollright Ritual", a book about the rituals and alleged spiritual interactions which he had experienced at the Rollright Stones, a Neolithic stone circle in the Cotswolds.
The life and work of Gray is referenced in the works of various occultists and academics studying western esotericism, while in 2003 the authors Alan Richardson and Marcus Claridge published a biography of him, entitled "The Old Sod".
Biography.
Childhood: 1913–1925.
Gray was born on 25 March 1913 in Harrow, Middlesex, at 2:10PM. His mother, Christine Ash Gray (née Christine Chester Logie) was an American, and came from a Roman Catholic background, but took a great practical interest in the Western Esoteric Tradition, associating with other occultists and believing herself to be the reincarnation of Marie-Noémi Cadiot (1832–1888), the wife of the influential French occultist Eliphas Lévi (1810–1875). William's father on the other hand, John McCammon Trew Gray, was from a "Low Church" background and took little interest in the esoteric. The couple had married on 26 August 1910 in Philadelphia, where John had been managing a theatrical touring company and Christine had been working as an actress; both of them had been previously married, with John being a 44-year-old divorcee and Christine a 27-year-old widow at the time.
When the First World War broke out in 1914, the United Kingdom allied itself with France to fight Germany, leading John Gray to lie about his age to enlist in the British Army, believing it to be his patriotic duty; joining the Ox and Bucks Light Infantry, he served in France and then India, where he took charge of a prisoner of war camp at Elephanta Island near Bombay. With her husband away at war, Christine Gray took up employment with the British War Office, eventually being posted to the London American Headquarters. As a result of this, her young son was sent to live with his elderly grandmother and Aunt Lella in Ramsgate, where, he would later relate, he was "badly behaved, disobedient, untidy". Eventually, Aunt Lella fell ill, and so William was sent to live with his Aunt Will and Aunt Florence, a couple who were active in the Theosophical Society, an esoteric organisation that followed the teachings of Theosophy. It was through them that William first learned about the esoteric, although he would always associate Theosophy somewhat derogatorily with "elderly ladies of both sexes and genteel behaviour whose ideas of Nirvana centred around mysterious Oriental Masters who directed the destiny of all mankind from a secret spot in Tibet."
Aged 8, he began his education at primary school, something which he despised, and soon after was sent back to live with his parents, who had settled in to Forest Hill, London following the culmination of the war. His mother began to take him to Mass at a local Roman Catholic Church, something which he enjoyed very much, developing a lifelong appreciation of ritual and deciding then that he would one day like to be ordained as a Catholic priest. In 1922, he and his mother moved to Montreal in Canada, where she was hospitalised for a serious chest infection and he was brought up by his Aunt Leslie and her husband Bruce, a wealthy stockbroker. In Montreal, he continued to attend Mass, but lost his desire to become a priest after finding the rituals at the Canadian church to be less impressive than those which he had experienced in England.
Early involvement in the occult: 1926–1935.
Returning to Britain following his mother's recovery, William and his parents moved into a flat in East Park Terrace in Southampton. Here, there were problems in the couple's relationship, with Christine and John sleeping in different bedrooms, and William was forced to share one with his father, with whom he had a strained relationship. As the family struggled with monetary difficulties, Christine began working as a professional fortune teller, and William shared his mother's interest in western esotericism, obtaining books on the subjects of metaphysics and psychology from the local library in order to learn more. Later relating that he experienced several visions at this time, he began devising several ceremonial magical rituals, using the kitchen flat as a temple, and based upon a mix of what he had read in books and his own innovation.
He attended lectures given by the Theosophical Society and also met a number of famous occultists who were friends of his mother; these included Arthur Wilson, who would go on to try and found a commune in Canada, and Victor Neuburg (1883–1940), whom Gray would always remember as "one of the gentlest men I ever met". "Once of twice" he also briefly met the infamous ceremonial magician Aleister Crowley (1875–1947), who had been the founder of the religion of Thelema and a pariah figure in the British press. An old friend and magical partner of Neuburg's, Crowley made Christine feel uneasy, and she would later tell her son that he was "not a very nice man" and burning the signed copy of his book "777" that he gave to her.
By the age of 14, Gray was intent on finding a magical teacher from whom he could learn more about western esotericism and the practice of ceremonial magic. On one of his visits to an uncle in London, Gray travelled to the home of Dion Fortune (1890–1946), the noted ceremonial magician and leader of the Fraternity of the Inner Light. She briefly agreed to speak to him, but informed him that no one under the age of 21 would be admitted to the Fraternity, and simply wished him well before sending him away empty handed. An eager reader of the "Occult Review", Gray also wrote a letter in to the paper discussing his views on Rosicrucianism, which was subsequently published, leading another occultist to get in touch with him. This man would be Emile Napoleon Hauenstein (1877–?), an Austrian esotericist who ran a newspaper shop in Piccadilly where he lived with his daughter. Hauenstein, whom Gray would usually refer to as ENH, had formerly been a Martinist and an associate of the French occultist Gérard Encausse, the founder of the Qabalistic Order of the Rosy Cross. The two struck up a correspondence and then a friendship, with Hauenstein becoming Gray's magical mentor, teaching him various exercises designed to develop his concentration and ability to perform ceremonial magic rituals.
Armed Forces: 1936–.
Gray had gone through a series of temporary jobs since leaving school, and eventually decided to join the British armed forces. After receiving the blessing of Hauenstein, who informed him that he could continue his magical training while in the army, he duly did so, being admitted into the Royal Corps of Signals.
Personal life.
In their biography of Gray, Richardson and Claridge noted that he held to "many of the prejudices of his class, age and locale". He was openly racialist, and Richardson and Claridge claimed that he was also racist, because he used the word "Nigerian" as a euphemism for the derogatory term "nigger". Despite these views, they related that he was neither sexist nor homophobic, getting along well with women and taking no issue with several homosexual occultists that he knew.
Sangreal Sodality.
The Sangreal Sodality is an internationally trademarked spiritual brotherhood of the Western Inner Tradition founded by William G. Gray and Jacobus G. Swart, and was officially launched by the said founders on 19 November 1980 on the occasion of the official inauguration of the first Sangreal Sodality Temple named “Domine Dirige Nos” in Johannesburg, South Africa, and the induction of the first initiated member of this brotherhood. Chapters and Temples of the Sangreal Sodality have been established in South Africa, Latin America, North America, Britain and Europe.
The designation “Sangreal Sodality” speaks of spiritual principles and ideals which prompted the foundation of this brotherhood. The term "Sangreal" is understood in this brotherhood to be “Sang” = “blood” and “Real” = “authentic.” The basic premise being the “True Identity” and “Inner Values” within each single human individual. The term "sodality" derives from a Latin root referring to a “Comradeship.”
Since the Sangreal concept means bringing out the very best in everyone which their own “Inner Identities” can offer, the “Sangreal Sodality” is open to all those intent on a process of personal spiritual development, here considered the most ideal path to Self-discovery and service to our fellow humankind.
Members of the “Sangreal Sodality” gather in Temples, Lodges or Chapters. These are operated independently of one another. Individuals who agree with, or feel inspired by, the teachings and practices expounded in the basic textbooks of the “Sangreal Sodality,” may set up a Temple, Lodge or Chapter. Such a working circle is deemed an autonomous grouping, which may link with other such groups, or remain independent in accordance with preference. As such, each group is responsible for its personal self-government, financing, and organised being.
The Sangreal Sodality is not a religion, nor does it contra-indicate any valid religion of any denomination whatsoever. The Sangreal Sodality allows a focus for willing individuals to articulate their approach to divinity — without external dictates or interference of hierarchical structures.

</doc>
<doc id="2909899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909899" title="The Dan &amp; Scott Show">
The Dan &amp; Scott Show

The Dan & Scott Show was an uncensored comedy program named for its hosts, Dan Schulz and Scott Wirkus. The show is credited as pioneering internet radio, with its uncensored comedy format that is now more commonplace both online and in satellite radio formats such as XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio.
The show was first made available as downloadable audio, an early form of podcasting, on AOL in 1995. It debuted as a live streaming audio format on April 1, 1996 first via Audionet.com AKA Broadcast.com. Throughout the show's five-year run, it moved from between several streaming providers such as Audionet, Audioactive, Talkspot.com, Radio HTB, and finally Eyada.com. They had the show on radiofun.com for a number of years as well. 
The show was one of the few kept by Eyada in their restructuring attempts but in the end both the "Dan and Scott show" and Eyada failed to survive the tail end of the dot com crash of 2000-2001 due to Eyada's financial troubles.
The show first received national attention when Rick Rockwell, the bachelor from "Who Wants to Marry a Multi-Millionaire?" appeared on the show making a plea for contestants. The show also received attention for the weekly "Survivor" predictions from regular show caller "Jesus".
After trying to find another site to broadcast the show, it became apparent that the dot com crash had killed all the viable streamed radio sites on the market. After trying to work deals with many networks outside the streaming world in 2001–2002 they had a meeting with HBO. But HBO wanted a sanitized version of the show; Dan and Scott submitted a censored demo that exists but felt they just couldn't do the show HBO wanted. 
Then it was XM and Sirius to also ask for a clean version of the show, it did not come to fruition there. 
Big supporter of the show and Eyada owner Bob Meyrowitz offered them a chance for a nationally syndicated morning radio show. Bob's big plan was for them to take on Howard Stern.
Ultimately though, Scott and Dan decided to stop doing the show; they announced it was going on hiatus on August 24, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2909907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909907" title="Hugo Batalla">
Hugo Batalla

Hugo Batalla Parentini (1926-07-11 – 1998-10-03), Uruguayan politician, was Vice President of Uruguay from 1995 to 1998 during the presidency of Julio María Sanguinetti.
Background.
His political activity started in the Colorado Party with Zelmar Michelini. Batalla was elected "diputado" for the Department of Montevideo from 1962–66 and 1967–71, and was President of the Chamber of Representatives from 1968-69. He was also a member of the Latin American Parliament and Vice-President from 1968-69.
He split from Colorado in 1971 to form the "Frente Amplio" with Michelini, and was re-elected "diputado" from 1972 until the instauration of the military dictatorship in June 1973.
After the return of constitutional rule, he was elected senator for the "Partido por el Gobierno del Pueblo" (Peoples' Government Party, which would later rejoin the "Frente Amplio") from 1985-1995, and was Vice-President of the Chamber of Senators during 1993.
Vice President of Uruguay.
Batalla rejoined the Colorado Party for the elections of 1994-11-27 and was elected Vice President of Uruguay.
He died in office of lung cancer at the age of 72.
Historical note.
Batalla was the eleventh person to hold the office of Vice President of Uruguay. The office dates from 1934, when César Charlone became Uruguay's first Vice President.
Other activities.
Aside from politics, Batalla founded the newspaper "Hechos" and the political magazine "Zeta". He was also President of the "Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol" (AUF, Uruguayan Football Association) from 1991–93, and Vice-president of the "Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol" (CSF, South American Football Confederation) between 1992 and 1993.
Personal.
Batalla married Hilda Flores in 1953, and the couple had a daughter Laura.

</doc>
<doc id="2909909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909909" title="Egaleo (mountain)">
Egaleo (mountain)

Aegaleo (Greek Αιγάλεω, or Ποικίλον Όρος "Aigáleo", Latin "Aegaleus"), also Aigaleo and Egaleo, is a mountain in Greece. It is situated west of Athens, southeast of Eleusis, east of the island of Salamis and northwest of Piraeus. Most of the mountain is rocky. It is shorter than Hymettus. Most of the forest is to its north where the monastery Daphni (Daphnion) is located. There is also a park in its northern reaches. This is a range which surrounds the tiny coast southwest of Chaidari.
With its good view of the Straits of Salamis, Mount Egaleo was the site of Xerxes' throne from which he observed the Battle of Salamis.
Towns and places that surround the mountain include Perama, Piraeus, Drapetsona, Nikaia, Korydallos, the highway, and Chaidari. The Athens Metro connects the area after reducing Iera Odos (Sacred Way) into two lanes in 2002–2003.
A highway linking GR-8 and Piraeus runs through this mountain range. The refineries of Skaramangas are in the north. The new bypass on the northwestern part of the range is part of the Attiki Odos superhighway system, the Aegaleo Ring (Number 65) which was opened on January, 2004 along with the rest of the superhighway northwest of the range. The ring presently does not have full access with Athinon Avenue and GR-8 yet, but includes two interchanges.

</doc>
<doc id="2909911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909911" title="King's Park, Hong Kong">
King's Park, Hong Kong

King's Park ( or 皇囿) is an area in Ho Man Tin in Kowloon, Hong Kong. It is named after King Edward VII of the United Kingdom.
Location.
It is bounded approximately by Waterloo Road to the north, the East Rail Line line to the east, Austin Road to the south, and Nathan Road to the west, although nothing on Nathan Road or Waterloo Road is considered to be within the area. There is an elevated part which is considered the boundary with Yau Ma Tei.
Topography.
The northern section is hilly, while the southern section is relatively flat.
Uses.
The area is zoned for Government, residential and recreational use, and there are no commercial outlets.
The hill north hosts the meteorological station of Hong Kong Observatory, the Blood Transfusion Centre of Hong Kong Red Cross and Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
From 1967 until June 1995, the 15-storey British Military Hospital was also based in the area, on a site to the east of the Queen Elizabeth Hospital. It was closed in 1995 as the British Garrison scaled down from more than 10,000 personnel to about 3,000 as 1997 approached. The site had an estimated market value of HK$5.6 billion in 1995.
The site on which the hospital buildings once were was sold by 1999, and is now a private housing estate, whilst the fields which once surrounded the hospital have been largely preserved due to the lobbying efforts of a group of sporting associations. The Kings Park Sports Association (KPSA) was then formed, with Hong Kong Rugby Football Union as one of its core members.
In 1987, land to the south of the BMH was developed into "Wylie Court", residential estate for civil servants. The Civil Service Club is located nearby.
The southern portion of King's Park is a flat piece of land hosting various recreation clubs and green sports grounds, like King's Park Hockey Ground, Kowloon Bowling Green Club, YMCA Recreation Ground, the United Services Recreation Club, Kowloon Cricket Club, and Gun Club Hill Barracks, are located south of Gascoigne Road.
The headquarters of Hong Kong Girl Guides Association is situated at Gascoigne Road near its eastern side.

</doc>
<doc id="2909912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909912" title="Boolaroo, New South Wales">
Boolaroo, New South Wales

Boolaroo is a suburb of the city of Lake Macquarie, New South Wales, Australia, located west of Newcastle's central business district in Lake Macquarie's West Ward.
It was at the epicenter of the 1989 Newcastle earthquake. Boolaroo borders a number of well-known towns and suburbs within the Lake Macquarie Region, including Warners Bay and Speers Point, and, for a small strip of land, fronts onto Lake Macquarie itself.
Within Boolaroo is Cockle Creek railway station, a small station on the Central Coast & Newcastle Line. Also, Boolaroo previously housed a lead/zinc smelter, owned by the former Pasminco (now Zinifex) however the site has been cleared since the smelter ceased operations in 2003.
Boolaroo is home to several churches, of various denominations, as well as Boolaroo Public School, a library, a cinema (which was partially destroyed in the 1989 Newcastle earthquake) and a number of shops, including IGA and a military disposal store.

</doc>
<doc id="2909916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909916" title="USS Spitfire">
USS Spitfire

USS Spitfire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2909917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909917" title="1960 Democratic National Convention">
1960 Democratic National Convention

The 1960 Democratic National Convention was held in Los Angeles. It nominated Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts for President and Senator Lyndon B. Johnson of Texas for Vice President. In the general election, the Kennedy-Johnson ticket won an electoral college victory and a narrow popular vote plurality (slightly over 110,000 nationally) over the Republican candidates Vice President Richard M. Nixon and UN Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr.
Presidential nomination.
In the week before the convention opened, Kennedy received two new challengers when Lyndon B. Johnson, the powerful Senate Majority Leader from Texas, and Adlai Stevenson II, the party's nominee in 1952 and 1956, announced their candidacies. However, neither Johnson nor Stevenson was a match for the talented and highly efficient Kennedy campaign team led by Robert Kennedy. Johnson challenged Kennedy to a televised debate before a joint meeting of the Texas and Massachusetts delegations; Kennedy accepted. Most observers felt that Kennedy won the debate, and Johnson was not able to expand his delegate support beyond the South. Stevenson was popular among many liberal delegates, especially in California, but his two landslide defeats in 1952 and 1956 led party leaders to search for a "fresh face" who had a better chance of winning.
Two Johnson supporters, including John B. Connally, brought up the question of Kennedy's health. Connally said that Kennedy had Addison's disease. JFK press secretary Pierre Salinger of California denied the story. A Kennedy physician, Dr. Janet Travell, put out a statement that the senator's adrenal glands were functioning adequately and that he was no more susceptible to infection than anyone else. It was also denied that Kennedy was on cortisone.
Kennedy was able to secure the nomination on the third day of the convention, July 13, 1960.
Kennedy won the nomination on the first ballot:
Kennedy was the first senator since 1920 to be nominated for the presidency by either the Democrats or the Republicans. On the last day of the convention, Kennedy delivered his acceptance speech from the adjacent Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Platform.
The Democratic platform in 1960 was the longest yet. They called for a loosening of tight economic policy: "We Democrats believe that the economy can and must grow at an average rate of 5 percent annually, almost twice as fast as our annual rate since 1953... As the first step in speeding economic growth, a Democratic president will put an end to the present high-interest-rate, tight-money policy." Other planks included national defense, disarmament, civil rights, immigration, foreign aid, the economy, labor and tax reform. Senator Sam Ervin of North Carolina attempted to soften the party's plank on civil rights. A speech by Hawaii delegate Patsy Mink persuaded two-thirds of the party to keep their progressive stance on the issue.
Vice-presidential nomination.
After Kennedy secured the nomination, he asked Johnson to be his running mate in a move which surprised many. For decades, there was much debate regarding the details of Johnson's nomination—why it was offered and why he agreed to take it. Some historians speculated that Kennedy actually wanted someone else (such as Senators Stuart Symington or Henry M. Jackson) to be his running mate, and that he offered the nomination to Johnson first only as a courtesy to the powerful Senate Majority Leader. According to this speculation, Kennedy was surprised when Johnson accepted second place on the Democratic ticket. A related story is that, after Johnson accepted the offer, Robert Kennedy went to Johnson's hotel suite to dissuade Johnson from becoming the vice-presidential nominee. Johnson was offended that "JFK's kid brother" would brashly urge him to stay off the ticket. In response to his blunt confrontation with Robert Kennedy, Johnson called JFK to confirm that the vice-presidential nomination was his; JFK clearly stated that he wanted Johnson as his running mate. Milton DeWitt Brinson, a North Carolina delegate, asked Senator Sam Ervin to get down on his knees and beg Johnson if need be to convince him to take the nomination. The record shows that the N.C. delegation was instrumental in his decision to run. Johnson and Robert Kennedy became so embittered by the experience that they began a fierce personal and political feud that would have grave implications for the Democratic Party in the 1960s.
In 1993, JFK's personal secretary (both before and during his presidency), Evelyn Lincoln, described in a videotaped interview how the decision was made. She said she was the only witness to a private meeting between John and Robert Kennedy in a suite at the Biltmore Hotel, during which they made the decision. She said she went in and out of the room as they spoke and, when she was in the room, she heard them say that Johnson had tried to blackmail JFK into offering him the vice presidential nomination by showing JFK evidence of his womanizing provided to Johnson by FBI director J. Edgar Hoover, discuss possible ways to avoid making the offer, and conclude JFK had no choice. This portion of the videotape of Lincoln’s interview was included in The History Channel’s documentary series "The Men Who Killed Kennedy," in concluding Episode 9, “The Guilty Men,” produced and aired in 2003.
The nomination was carried by voice vote, although many there thought that more people screamed "Nay!" than "Aye!"
In culture.
The convention was the setting for Norman Mailer's famous profile of Kennedy, "Superman Comes to the Supermarket", published in "Esquire".
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2909923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909923" title="Gorman polar form">
Gorman polar form

Gorman polar form is a functional form for indirect utility functions in economics. Imposing this form on utility allows the researcher to treat a society of utility-maximizers as if it consisted of a single 'representative' individual. Gorman showed that having the function take Gorman polar form is both necessary and sufficient for this condition to hold.
Motivation.
Early results by Antonelli (1886) and Nataf (1953) had shown that, assuming all individuals face the same prices in a market, their income consumption curves and their Engel curves should be parallel straight lines. Gorman's first published paper in 1953 developed these ideas in order to answer the question of generalizing a society to a single individual.
In 1961, Gorman published a short, four-page paper in Metroeconomica which derived an explicit expression for the functional form of preferences which give rise to linear Engel curves. Briefly, an individual's (formula_1) resulting expenditure function (formula_2) must be affine with respect to utility (formula_3):
where both formula_5 and formula_6 are homogeneous of degree one in prices (formula_7, a vector). This homogeneity condition is trivial, as otherwise formula_8 would not give linear Engel curves.
formula_5 and formula_6 have nice interpretations: formula_5 is the expenditure needed to reach a reference utility level of zero for each individual (formula_1), while formula_6 is the price index which deflates the excess money income formula_14 needed to attain a level of utility formula_15. It is important to note that formula_6 is the same for every individual in a society.
Definition.
Inverting this formula gives the indirect utility function
where formula_18 is the amount of income available to the individual and is equivalent to the expenditure (formula_8) in the previous equation. This is what Gorman called “the polar form of the underlying utility function.” Gorman's use of the term "polar" was in reference to the idea that the indirect utility function can be seen as using polar rather than Cartesian (as in direct utility functions) coordinates to describe the indifference curve. Here, income (formula_20) is analogous to the radius and prices (formula_7) to an angle.
Proof of linearity and equality of slope of Engel curves.
To prove that the Engel curves of a function in Gorman polar form are linear, apply Roy's identity to the indirect utility function to get a Marshallian demand function for an individual (formula_1) and a good (formula_23):
This is linear in income (formula_18), so the change in an individual's demand for some commodity with respect to a change in that individual's income,
formula_26, does not depend on income, and thus Engel curves are linear.
Also, since this change does not depend on variables particular to any individual, the slopes of the Engel curves of different individuals are equal.
Application.
Many applications of Gorman polar form are summarized in various texts and in Honohan and Neary's article cited at the end of this article. These applications include the ease of estimation of formula_27 and formula_28 in certain cases. But the most important application is for the theorist of economics, in that it allows a researcher to treat a society of utility-maximizing individuals as a single individual. In other words, under these conditions a community indifference mapping is guaranteed to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="2909940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909940" title="It's So Easy">
It's So Easy

"It's So Easy" is a song written by West Arkeen and American hard rock band Guns N' Roses, featured on the band's 1987 debut studio album "Appetite for Destruction". The song was released as the band's first single on June 15, 1987, in the UK, where it reached number eighty-four on the UK Singles Chart. It was also released in Germany around the same time. The songs "Shadow Of Your Love" and "Move To The City", featured on the 12-inch vinyl and 12-inch picture disc editions of the single, were written by members of Guns N' Roses while in the band Hollywood Rose, and were later included on the EP" Live from the Jungle". "Move to the City" had previously been released on the 1986 EP "Live Like A Suicide".
Composition.
According to an interview published in "Hit Parader" in March 1988, "It's So Easy" is "an account of a time Duff McKagan and West Arkeen, and also the rest of the band, were kinda going through. They didn't have money, but they had a lot of hangers on and girls could basically live off of ... things were just too easy. There's an emptiness; it's so easy."
In an Eddie Trunk interview from 2006, Axl said that Duff and West originally wrote the song as an acoustic "Hippie Ya-Ya" song, and that it was Slash's decision to turn it into a rock song.
The song is notable for its cowbell percussion and frequent usage of the vulgar word "fuck".
Music video.
There was an original music video made for "It's So Easy", the first ever made from the band; the video features the band playing live in front of a crowd on stage. A heavily edited version of the video was later made for promotional purposes. It was not included on the band's "Welcome to the Videos" DVD, and as such its content is rare and can only be found on the internet. At the time the video was released, Guns N' Roses were not as popular as they would eventually become, the single was never released in the United States and its video was never accepted by MTV.
Track listings.
All songs credited to Guns N' Roses; "It's So Easy" co-credited to West Arkeen

</doc>
<doc id="2909951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909951" title="1977 CFL season">
1977 CFL season

The 1977 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 24th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 20th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1977.
The 65th Grey Cup game, nicknamed "The Ice Bowl", was held in Olympic Stadium in Montreal. The game itself set an attendance record with 68,318, which in turn set a record for ticket revenue of $1,401,930.
The Montreal Alouettes also set an attendance record (by a team) with 69,093.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Montreal Alouettes are the 1977 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Edmonton Eskimos, 41–6, in front of their home crowd at Montreal's Olympic Stadium. This Grey Cup was known as the "Ice Bowl" since the field was frozen in a sheet of ice. There was controversy with respect to the game due to the fact the Eskimos were wearing normal cleats, while the Alouettes were wearing staples on their cleats giving them a huge advantage on the icy field. The Alouettes' Sonny Wade (QB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and Glen Weir (DT) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence. The Alouettes' Don Sweet (K) was named Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2909953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909953" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics

The canoeing competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics was composed of 16 events (12 for men and 4 for women) in two disciplines, slalom and sprint. Timing in 1/1000ths of a second began at these games for the sprint events.
Medal summary.
Slalom.
Slalom events took place at Ocoee Whitewater Center near Ducktown, Tennessee.
Sprint.
Sprint events were held at Lake Lanier, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="2909954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909954" title="Administrative Review Board">
Administrative Review Board

The Administrative Review Board is a United States military body that conducts an annual review of the suspects held by the United States in Camp Delta in the United States Navy base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
The purpose of the Board is to review whether the suspects still represent a threat. American President George W. Bush initially called the suspects "illegal combatants."
But, without a formal announcement of the policy change, the Bush Presidency changed their description to "enemy combatant". From July 2004 through March 2005, military authorities conducted a one-time Combatant Status Review Tribunal for each suspect, to confirm whether they had been properly been classified as an "enemy combatant".
The Combatant Status Reviews were criticized by human rights workers because the suspects were not entitled to legal counsel, and did not know what allegations they had to defend themselves against, and the suspects had no presumption of innocence. The ARB was created in an attempt to mitigate the harsh results of potentially indefinite detention by allowing an annual review to determine whether the enemy combatant should still be detained.
The Combatant Status Reviews determined that 38 suspects were not illegal combatants after all. They determined that the rest of the suspects had been correctly classified as "enemy combatants" during their original, secret, classifications.
The first set of Administrative Reviews took place between December 14, 2004 and December 23, 2005. The Boards met to consider the cases of al 463 eligible detainees. They recommended the release of 14 detainees, and the repatriation of 120 detainees to the custody of the authorities in their home countries.
The United States Department of Defense (DoD) was under a court order from United States District Court Judge Jed Rakoff to release the names of all the detainees by 6:00 p.m. EST on March 3, 2006. The Department of Defense ("DOD") did not meet this deadline. They delivered a CD-ROM with approximately 5,000 pages of documents at 6:20 pm. DoD had to take that CD-ROM back and issue a second copy that with redacted files that DoD decided not to release.
Factors for and against continued detention.
As part of this release of documents the DoD released three portable document format files containing summaries of the factors for and against the release of some of the detainees.
These documents summarized the factors for and against the continued detention of 120 detainees. These documents contain the detainee's names. The DoD has not explained why they did not comply with Rakoff's court order and release the factors for and against the other 343 detainees.
Some of the factors listed in favour of continued detention for some detainees were repetitions of allegations that had already been refuted during the detainee's Combatant Status Review Tribunals.
Summarized Transcripts of Administrative Review Board hearings.
The DoD also released an incomplete set of four portable document format files containing summarized transcripts from administrative review board hearings.
Over the next six weeks the DoD released 15 more portable document format files containing transcripts.
Most of these transcripts do not contain the detainees names. However, almost all the transcripts bear the detainee's Guantanamo ID number on the lower right hand corner of each page, and on April 20, 2006, and on May 15, 2006, the DoD released lists of the detainees, with their associated detainee IDs.
In early September 2007 the Department of Defense published additional documents from the second set of Review Board hearings convened in 2006.
The Department published ten portable document format files. Less than twenty percent of the remaining captives participated in their hearings. The Department only published transcripts of the hearings for which captives chose to participate.
Releases.
According to an article from the International Herald Tribune from April 22, 2006 the ARB had determined three detainees could be released and 107 detainees could be repatriated to the custody of their home country, yet they still remained in Guantanamo.
U.S. officials said their continued detention was due to concerns the detainees might be tortured or killed if they were returned or repatriated.
Observers.
Very few of the Review Board hearings were observed by members of the press. Adam Brookes of the "BBC" wrote, on April 8, 2005, about being allowed to sit in on the first Administrative Review Board hearing where observers were permitted. He wrote that over sixty Review Board hearings had been convened with no press attendance.

</doc>
<doc id="2909963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909963" title="Daniel Egan">
Daniel Egan

Daniel Egan (1 January 1803 – 16 October 1870) was an Australian politician. Egan served as Mayor of Sydney in 1853 and was also a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.
Egan was born in Windsor, New South Wales and was a foreman at the Government Dockyards, Sydney from 1824 to its closure in 1835. He then went into business and acquired several trading vessels but went bankrupt in 1843 and later became a wine and spirit merchant. He became an alderman of the Sydney City Council on its creation in 1842, rising to mayor in 1853. He purchased two blocks of land in Beacon Hill Map in 1857.
Egan was elected to the Legislative Council on 1 April 1854, representing the Pastoral District of Maneroo. In April 1856 he was elected at the first election to the Legislative Assembly, representing Maneroo, which was renamed Monaro in 1858. From 1859 to 1869 he represented Eden and from 1870 to his death he represented Monaro. From 27 October 1868 until his death he was the Postmaster-General of New South Wales.
Egan died at his home in Watsons BayMap, New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="2909971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909971" title="Stockholm commuter rail">
Stockholm commuter rail

Stockholm commuter rail () is the commuter rail system in Stockholm County, Sweden. The system is an important part of the public transport in Stockholm, and is controlled by Stockholm Transport; the trains are operated under contract by Stockholmståg. The tracks are state-owned and administered by the Swedish Transport Administration.
History.
Local trains have been operated on the railways around Stockholm since the late nineteenth century. At the beginning, local rail services were part of the Swedish State Railways, but in the late-1960s, the responsibility for these services was transferred to Stockholm County, which incorporated it with the ticketing system of Stockholm Transport. New trains were bought, stations were modernised, and the Stockholm commuter rail network was developed with an aim of making it more metro-like. Originally the system was branded as "SL förortståg" (), and later as "SL lokaltåg" (). Only in the 1980s did the system officially became known as "Stockholms pendeltåg".
In its first year of operation there was only one route which went from Södertälje to Kungsängen via Stockholm Central Station. On June 1, 1969, the system was extended to Märsta via a branch located after Karlberg and a new service was created in which trains on the Kungsängen branch terminated at Stockholm C instead. In 1975 another branch line opened to Västerhaninge, with a single-track shuttle service to Nynäshamn. Trains on the Kungsängen branch now terminated at Västerhaninge instead of Stockholm C and which now forms part of the modern line 35.
From 1986 until 1996, important improvements were made to the railways around Stockholm. Single-track stretches were upgraded to double tracks, and some double-track stretches were upgraded to four-track, allowing the commuter trains to run with less interference from other rail services. The service frequency was gradually increased, and from 2001 most stations on the network are served by trains at regular 15-minute intervals, with additional trains during rush hours.
The latest extension to the commuter rail network is the outer stretch between Kungsängen and Bålsta which was opened in 2001. An in-fill station at Årstaberg was inaugurated in 2006, in order to connect with the then-new Tvärbanan light-rail system. On August 18, 2008 the newest station in the system, Gröndalsviken opened on the Västerhaninge-Nynäshamn shuttle.
Beginning on December 9, 2012, it is now possible for Stockholm commuter rail trains to stop at Stockholm Arlanda Airport, where it takes 38 minutes from Arlanda C station to Stockholm C, and 18 minutes from Arlanda C to Uppsala C.
Operation of the Stockholm commuter rail lines has been contracted to private companies since 2000. The first franchise holder was Citypendeln, which operated the Stockholm commuter rail from 2000 until June 17, 2006. Since then, the network is currently operated by Stockholmståg, a subsidiary of SJ AB, the former Swedish State Railways company.
Lines.
There are two long lines across the county which run through central Stockholm: line 35 runs from Nynäshamn in the southeast to Bålsta in the northwest, and line 36 connects Södertälje in the southwest with Märsta in the north. The shorter line 37 in the southwest connects Gnesta to Södertälje. Line 38 runs from Uppsala C in the northeast to Älvsjö in the south via Stockholm Arlanda Airport and Stockholm C, with some trains continuing to Tumba. The branch to Uppsala C located after Upplands Väsby used by Line 38 utilises the existing infrastructure of the Arlanda Line and a part of the East Coast Line. The total track length of the system is .
The line to Nynäshamn beyond Västerhaninge consists of single track with passing loops. Previously, short platforms and limited passing places meant that a change of train had to be made in Västerhaninge, but as of 2013 the line has been improved with longer platforms and additional loops, and all services are now run through to Stockholm and Bålsta.
Trains operate every 30 minutes from 5 am to 1 am every day, with 15-minute intervals during the daytime. Additional trains during rush hours give an average of 7½ minutes intervals for many stations, and trains every 4½ minutes on the central parts. Line 37 and outer parts of line 35 are served less frequently, with up to two hours between trains on weekends.
Most trains stop at all intermediate stations, except a few trains during rush hours that skip some smaller stations. 269,000 passengers use Stockholm commuter trains on an ordinary weekday (counting connecting passengers double). This is almost half of the total number of train passengers in Sweden, the metro and trams not included.
Stations.
There are 53 stations in the network, four of which are beyond the borders of Stockholm County. Eight stations connect with regional and long-distance trains, one connects with the light-rail tram system Tvärbanan, and three stations have access to the Stockholm metro. Several stations are important interchanges to local buses.
Most stations are of a similar style, with an island platform in a ground-level location with one or two exits, turnstiles, and a staffed ticket office. A few interchange stations have multiple platforms. The stations south of Västerhaninge and Södertälje are smaller, and have no ticket vending facilities; passengers buy their tickets from the train conductor on these parts of the network.
Stockholm Central Station is by far the biggest station in the network, the largest railway station in Scandinavia, with more than 50,000 boarding commuter rail passengers per day. This is the main station if changing from long-distance trains or from the metro. The smallest station is Hemfosa, which has approximately 100 boarding passengers per day.
The ten busiest stations (number of boarding passengers on a normal winter weekday 2005):
Rolling stock.
Two types of rolling stock are currently used on the commuter rail network. The older type, X10, was delivered between 1983 and 1993, and are long . A X10 train consists of two to four units, making the train 100–200 meters long.
The newer type, X60 "Coradia Lirex" trains from Alstom was first delivered in 2005, and a total of 71 units were delivered until 2008. A full-length train with two X60 units measures . Their maximum speed is .
Future expansions.
The Swedish Rail Administration has approved the construction of a rail tunnel through central Stockholm, with a planned opening date in 2017. This new tunnel, known as Citybanan (‘the city line’), is intended for the exclusive use of the Pendeltåg system, and would split commuter traffic onto separate tracks from long-distance trains while traveling through the city. This would ease the rail systems' congestion problems, and permit Stockholm Transport to schedule more frequent service. Construction of the Citybanan began in 2008. It would also allow more frequent service for other trains, increasing the capacity for large parts of the Swedish rail network since many trains go to and from Stockholm.
In December 2007, reports emerged about a potential future extension of the Stockholm commuter rail system to Stockholm-Arlanda Airport; at present, the airport has an express service from Stockholm C, but at least one change is required to reach it from any other station. Though Stockholm Transport reacted positively to the idea, the implementation of any such project is subject to successful negotiations between Stockholm Transport and Arlanda Express, who already operate the direct train from Stockholm Central Station to the airport, and have operating rights for the tracks involved. The Upptåget system run by the Uppsala County already serves Arlanda (although the airport is in the Stockholm County), and operator of the Arlanda railway station charges each passenger 75 SEK to board or alight at the station. The same fee can be expected if SL runs trains there. It is the railway and station owner who charges the fee, which contributes towards the cost of construction. Service to Stockholm Arlanda Airport and Uppsala on the Stockholm commuter rail finally began on December 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2909975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909975" title="Aflatoon (film)">
Aflatoon (film)

Aflatoon ('English': Maverick) is a Bollywood romance action film directed by Guddu Dhanoa. The film stars Akshay Kumar in a double role opposite Urmila Matondkar. It released on 19 December 1997, and did average business at the box office. The music cassettes were sold to T-Series.Akshay Kumar received best villain as well as best actor at IIFA award for this movie.
Plot.
Raja (Akshay Kumar), a good for nothing trying to get rich, impersonates Parimal Chaturvedi, a school professor and involves into a school of beautiful rich woman. He falls for rich girl Pooja (Urmila Matondkar). Then he wins her heart. Trouble comes when Pooja's dad Prakash (Anupam Kher) mistakes Raja for Rocky (also Akshay Kumar), who is a lookalike of Raja and is a ruthless and merciless criminal who blackmails people for money or threatens to kill them. Prakash is also on Rocky's payroll. Prakash asks Raja for help, so Raja impersonates Rocky to get his secrets and Prakash's money. But tables are turned when Rocky finds out about Raja's game. Raja wakes up and finds himself kidnapped in Rocky's mansion. He then realizes he has been drugged for the past 7 days, and in these 7 days, Rocky has posed as Raja and is getting married to Pooja. Raja is tricked and arrested under the name of Rocky. Raja manages to escape and crashes the wedding where he tells the truth and Rocky escapes. Raja follows him to an multi-story building where the two fight brutally. Rocky is in the lead and knocks Raja out. Raja uses full power to get back up and pushes Rocky off the building, who falls to his death. Raja and Pooja then get married.
Controversy.
The film's release delayed several months due to expletive contents in one of the songs penned by Anand Bakshi. The film's producer, lyricist and Super Cassettes got notices from the Supreme Court asking for the removal of the contents, which the court referred to as "Irrelevant use of vulgar, indecent, lewd and coarse language in films, especially in the present film where the expletive has been hurled at a policeman, only serves the purpose of corrupting the public morals." The film released only after the song was removed from the film.
Reception.
At the Box office, "Aflatoon" had an average opening and collected Rs. 13 crores during its opening weekend in India. By the end of its first week, the film collected Rs. 18.24 crores. After three weeks, the film grossed Rs. 23 crores in India, and Rs. 29.75 crores worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2910004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910004" title="List of routes in Morgan County, West Virginia">
List of routes in Morgan County, West Virginia

This is a complete list of routes in Morgan County, West Virginia, United States. Green: WV Secondary (County) Routes. Turquoise: WV State Routes. Gold: US Routes. Blue: Residential Routes. 

</doc>
<doc id="2910007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910007" title="Character arc">
Character arc

A character arc is the status of the character as it unfolds throughout the story, the storyline or series of episodes. Characters begin the story with a certain viewpoint and, through events in the story, that viewpoint changes. A character arc generally only affects the main character in a story, though other characters can go through similar changes.
Examples.
Some examples include:
Unlike a story arc, the character arc is not confined within the limits of one story. The character arc may extend over to the next story, a sequel, or another episode. In episodic TV series, the character arc has become a hook that writers often use to ensure viewers continue watching.

</doc>
<doc id="2910014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910014" title="Kōji Tsuruta">
Kōji Tsuruta

Career.
Born in Hamamatsu, Shizuoka Japan as Eiichi Ono, Tsuruta was studying at Kansai University when he was drafted into the Japanese Imperial Navy. After the war he joined Kōkichi Takada's theater troupe and made his film debut at Shochiku in 1948 with "Yūkyō no mure" (Crowd of Aso). Later moving to Toho and then to Toei, he played handsome leads or, in a number of films, Toshirō Mifune's rival, as he did in the "Samurai Trilogy". In the 1960s, he starred in many of Toei's ninkyo eiga as chivalric but world-weary yakuza. Tsuruta was also a successful singer, scoring hits with such songs as Kizudarake no jinsei.

</doc>
<doc id="2910016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910016" title="Podravka">
Podravka

Podravka is a food company based in Koprivnica, Croatia. It produces the rather well-known product Vegeta, amongst thousands of other products in its diverse catalogue.
Brands.
Podravka brands:
Podravka is also known for its various pickled vegetables and Ajvar relish.
History.
Podravka's origins are traced to the 1934 family business for fruit processing of the Wolf brothers in Koprivnica which was nationalised in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="2910018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910018" title="Timeline of the Philippine–American War">
Timeline of the Philippine–American War

The Philippine–American War, also known as the Philippine War of Independence or the Philippine Insurrection (1899–1902), was an armed conflict between Filipino revolutionaries and the government of the United States which arose from the struggle of the First Philippine Republic to gain independence following the Philippines being acquired by the United States from Spain. This article lists significant events from before, during, and after that war, with links to other articles containing more detail.
Spanish–American War period.
General.
Prior to the Spanish–American War, the Philippine Revolution against Spain had been suspended by the Pact of Biak-na-Bato. Following on that pact, Emilio Aguinaldo, who had been leader of the Katipunan, went into exile in Hong Kong along with other revolutionary leaders. Some revolutionaries remained in the Philippines and continued the revolution. When the Spanish–American War broke out, American forces sailed for the Philippines and decisively defeated the Spanish Navy. Aguinaldo then returned to the Philippines, and resumed a leadership role in the revolution. As the Spanish–American War continues, Aguinaldo proclaims Philippine independence and establishes an insurgent government. On December 10, 1898, the U.S. and Spain sign the Treaty of Paris, ending the war. In one provision of the treaty, Spain ceded the Philippines to the U.S.
The Philippine–American War.
Start and ending dates.
Depending on events chosen to mark the beginning and the end of the war, a number of different start and ending dates can be given. For purposes of this article, the war is considered to have begun on February 4, 1899, and to have ended on July 4, 1902. 
Armed conflict erupted in Manila between U.S. and Filipino forces on February 4, 1899. On that date, Emilio Aguinaldo issued a proclamation ordering, in part, "hat peace and friendly relations with the Americans be broken and that the latter be treated as enemies, within the limits prescribed by the laws of war." On June 2, 1899, the Malolos Congress enacted and ratified a Declaration of War on the United States, which was publicly proclaimed on that same day by Pedro Paterno, President of the Assembly.
The ending of the war was not formalized in a treaty by which it can be dated. Emilio Aguinaldo was captured by U.S. forces on March 23, 1901, and swore allegiance to the U.S. on April 1, appealing to all Filipinos to accept the "sovereignty of the United States ...". Armed conflict continued, however, until the surrender of the last Filipino general on April 13, 1902. On July 4, 1902, U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt proclaimed a full and complete pardon and amnesty to all people in the Philippine archipelago who had participated in the conflict, and that July 4 date is often mentioned as the ending date of the war. On April 9, 2002, Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo proclaimed that the Philippine–American War had ended on April 16, 1902 with the surrender of General Miguel Malvar. 
However, despite these proclamations from the Americans and ilustrado elite, the war continued across the archipelago for over a decade. Bands of guerrillas, millenarian movements and other resistance groups continued to roam the countryside, still clashing with American Army or Philippine Constabulary patrols. American troops and the Philippine Constabulary continued hostilities against such resistance groups until 1913. Some other sources describe post-1902 actions in Mindanao as a separate conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="2910030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910030" title="Great dirhombicosidodecahedron">
Great dirhombicosidodecahedron

In geometry, the great dirhombicosidodecahedron is a nonconvex uniform polyhedron, indexed last as U75.
This is the only uniform polyhedron with more than six faces meeting at a vertex. Each vertex has 4 squares which pass through the vertex central axis (and thus through the centre of the figure), alternating with two triangles and two pentagrams.
This is also the only uniform polyhedron that cannot be made by Wythoff construction. It has a special Wythoff symbol | 3/2 5/3 3 5/2.
It has been nicknamed "Miller's monster" (after J. C. P. Miller, who with H. S. M. Coxeter and M. S. Longuet-Higgins enumerated the uniform polyhedra in 1954).
Related polyhedra.
If the definition of a uniform polyhedron is relaxed to allow any even number of faces adjacent to an edge, then this definition gives rise to one further polyhedron: the great disnub dirhombidodecahedron which has the same vertices and edges but with a different arrangement of triangular faces.
The vertices and edges are also shared with the uniform compounds of 20 octahedra or 20 tetrahemihexahedra. 180 of the 240 edges are shared with the great snub dodecicosidodecahedron.
Cartesian coordinates.
Cartesian coordinates for the vertices of a great dirhombicosidodecahedron are all the even permutations of
where τ = (1+√5)/2 is the golden ratio (sometimes written φ). These vertices result in an edge length of 2√2.
Filling.
There is some controversy on how to colour the faces of this polyhedron. Although the common way to fill in a polygon is to just colour its whole interior, this can result in some filled regions hanging as membranes over empty space. Hence, the "neo filling" is sometimes used instead as a more accurate filling. In the neo filling, orientable polyhedra are filled traditionally, but non-orientable polyhedra have their faces filled with the modulo-2 method (only odd-density regions are filled in). In addition, overlapping regions of coplanar faces can cancel each other out. Usage of the "neo filling" makes the great dirhombicosidodecahedron a hollow polyhedron.

</doc>
<doc id="2910043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910043" title="Omicron2 Cancri">
Omicron2 Cancri

Omicron2 Cancri (ο2 Cnc, ο2 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
ο2 Cancri is a yellow-white F-type subgiant with an apparent magnitude of +5.68. It is approximately 161 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910047" title="Apyrexy">
Apyrexy

In pathology, apyrexy, or apyrexia (Greek απυρεξια, from α-, privative, πυρεσσειν, to be in a fever, πυρ, fire, fever) is the normal interval or period of intermission in a fever. Also, the absence of a fever.

</doc>
<doc id="2910051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910051" title="Arytenoid">
Arytenoid

Arytenoid can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2910058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910058" title="82 Cancri">
82 Cancri

82 Cancri (82 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
82 Cancri is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +7.36. It is approximately 701 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910062" title="Northern Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Northern Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador

Northern Bay is a small community on the northern tip of Conception Bay on the Bay de Verde Peninsula of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Location.
Northern Bay has roughly 290 permanent residents [http://www.aroundthebay.ca/profile/NorthernBay/nbay.asp] and is located between the neighbouring communities of Gull Island and Ochre Pit Cove on Route 70. It stretches from what is sometimes referred to as the "south side" of Northern Bay where the beach is located to what was once called the "Lower Rooms" which includes the former community of "Long Beach".
History.
Fishing firms from England and Wales arrived at what is now Northern Bay as early as the mid-18th century. By 1768, immigrants from England and Ireland had settled the "North Shore" of Conception Bay, including Northern Bay. [http://home.thezone.net/~rcecgf/northernbay.htm]
On September 17, 1775, a ship carrying 400 passengers crashed somewhere near present-day Northern Bay. [http://www.infonet.st-johns.nf.ca/providers/green/northernbay.html] The crash was undoubtedly the result of the Newfoundland Hurricane of 1775 which remains one of the worst - if not the worst - natural disasters to have hit Newfoundland and Labrador in history.
In 1836, a Roman Catholic church (Corpus Christi Parish) was established in Northern Bay. A United Church also exists in the community. The town has three cemeteries.
One of the communities first settlers was William Hogan, an Irish merchant. 
Since the 19th century, Northern Bay's population has remained relatively constant with some out-migration but a steady birthrate. The economy was mostly based on fishing and subsistence agriculture throughout the 19th and early 20th century.
A horse named after the area took part in the 1987 English Grand National Steeplechase, finishing the race in ninth place
Folklore.
Myths, legends and folklore were once very important in rural Newfoundland, but today are little more than entertainment.
One folk tale that continues in the culture of Northern Bay and the surrounding communities is that of "Hannah's Tolt". The following is from the old Newfoundland magazine "Decks Wash" (V.9, No.6, Dec.1980):
Economy and society today.
Demographics.
The population of the community in 1836 was 282. [http://home.thezone.net/~rcecgf/northernbay.htm] Present day figures do not deviate from that, although it is actually more difficult to have a reliable figure for the population of Northern Bay or any other town in rural Newfoundland today due to much outmigration and seasonal work outside the province resulting in unpredictable levels of return.
Economy.
The local economy is based on fishing, fish and crab processing plants in nearby communities, some local small businesses, and Northern Bay Sands which was a provincial park until privatization in 1997. Unemployment is high however due to the cod moratorium of 1992.
Education.
Until recently, Northern Bay had one school which served all the neighbouring communities from Caplin Cove through Kingston. Corpus Christi Elementary and High School in Northern Bay catered predominantly to Roman Catholic Students in the area and Jackson Walsh Elementary and High School in nearby Western Bay was an interfaith school. The referendum of 1997 which put an end to denominational education in Newfoundland and Labrador's public schools meant that the school in Northern Bay (which was renamed North Shore Collegiate) became the high school for all students in the area, and Jackson Walsh (renamed Cabot Academy) would become the elementary school serving the area.
In 2002, North Shore Collegiate closed as a result of a declining student population. The closing of the high school meant that all students from grades 7 through 12 from Northern Bay and the surrounding communities would have to attend school in either Old Perlican to the north or Carbonear further south.
The closing of the school has left an indelible impression on local life, particularly as it was also a centre for community gatherings and a symbol of growth and autonomy for not only Northern Bay but the entire North Shore region.
Tourism.
The community is a popular site for tourists in the summer season due to Northern Bay Sands. This park and campgrounds is also the site of the annual "Beach Fest", a day-long concert featuring local and provincial musical acts. The close proximity to major centres on the Avalon Peninsula such as St. John's, Carbonear, and Bay Roberts has made Northern Bay a particularly well-known summer get-away spot. As a result of this, there is a renewed interest in cabin ownership in the area and real estate values have modestly increased in recent years.
Politics.
The community is not incorporated as a municipality but its citizens are active in local organizations such as school boards, church groups or the North Shore Regional Fire Department.
Northern Bay is in the provincial riding of Trinity-Bay de Verde, represented by Progressive Conservative MHA Charlene Johnson and the federal electoral district of Avalon represented by Liberal MP Scott Andrews.

</doc>
<doc id="2910063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910063" title="Big Love">
Big Love

Big Love is an American television drama that aired on HBO between March 2006 and March 2011. The show is about a fictional fundamentalist Mormon family in Utah that practices polygamy. "Big Love" stars Bill Paxton, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Chloë Sevigny and Ginnifer Goodwin, as well as a large supporting cast.
The series premiered in the United States on March 12, 2006 following the sixth-season premiere of the HBO series "The Sopranos". The show was a success for HBO, running for five seasons before concluding its run on March 20, 2011.
"Big Love" received widespread critical acclaim, and earned several major awards and nominations throughout its run. The third season was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, and the first three were nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series - Drama. For acting, Chloe Sevigny won a Golden Globe Award for her supporting role, and Bill Paxton was nominated three times for his leading role. At the Emmys, Ellen Burstyn, Bruce Dern, Mary Kay Place and Sissy Spacek were all nominated for their recurring roles. Creators Mark V. Olsen and Will Scheffer won the .
The series left behind a legacy as one of television's most complex studies of American family life, and has been the subject of seminal pieces in top academic journals including the "Columbia Law Review", "Michigan Journal of Gender & Law" and "Law and Contemporary Problems". Several publications listed the series' first three seasons as among the best television of the decade 2000-09, and its final season ranked among the best-reviewed scripted series of 2011.
Overview.
The show was co-created by Mark V. Olsen and Will Scheffer, who also served as executive producers. Olsen and Scheffer spent almost three years researching the premise of the show, with the intent of creating a fair portrayal of polygamy in America without being judgmental.
Music.
The theme song for the final two seasons of the series was "Home" by the band Engineers. During the first three seasons, "God Only Knows" by The Beach Boys played during the opening titles. The musical score for the series was composed by Anton Sanko. Mark Mothersbaugh composed music for the first season, while David Byrne was in charge of music during the second season.
Plot.
The series revolves around Bill Henrickson, his three wives (Barb, first/legal wife; Nicki, second wife; and Margene, third wife) and their (combined) nine children. Henrickson lives with his family in three neighboring houses in Sandy, Utah, a suburb of Salt Lake City. On her character, Chloë Sevigny says, "There is definitely a power struggle that goes on between the wives." In January 2009, ABCnews.com reported that the series had incorporated the YFZ ranch raid into the story line.
Season 1.
Season 1 introduces the main characters and revolves around the family's struggles to live their polygamous lifestyle while keeping it a secret from the outside world. While Bill goes about expanding his chain of home improvement stores ("Henrickson’s Home Plus"), he struggles to balance his three wives and his strained relationship with Nicki's father, church prophet Roman Grant. From his compound on Juniper Creek, Roman seeks to gain a greater share of the profits from Bill's business ventures. Bill, who is resentful towards Roman for expelling him from Juniper Creek as a teenager, opposes this, and joins with his brother Joey, who returned to Juniper Creek after alcohol addiction, to gain a seat on the Church's board of directors in order to undercut Roman's considerable influence and to maintain a level of autonomy from his controlling grasp.
Bill's first wife, Barb, is shown to be the anchor for the plural Henrickson family, but has mixed feelings about the concept of polygamy, and only her love for Bill makes her stay. Second wife Nicki (daughter of Roman) struggles to fit in with modern life outside the compound and her own desire for power within the family. Nicki compensates for her isolation by developing an addiction to shopping, accumulating massive credit card debt. Third wife Margene, 21 years old, struggles to find her place within the family, as both Barb and Nicki look down on her due to her immaturity.
Most of season one focuses on the family's struggle to keep their secret from their friends, neighbors and coworkers. However, things come to a head when Barb is nominated for a "Mother of the Year" Award, resulting in her marriage being outed as polygamous. Meanwhile, Joey's mentally unstable wife, Wanda, poisons Alby Grant (Roman's son and chief minion) when Alby discovers that Bill is using Joey as a pawn in his scheme to undermine Roman's power, and threatens the two.
Season 2.
In the second season Barb temporarily leaves home, and Bill seeks to ensure his financial security by trying to buy Weber Gaming, an electronic gambling company. Political battles heat up at Juniper Creek as Roman instructs Alby to ignore Wanda's attempt to poison him, planning instead to use Wanda and Joey as leverage against Bill. Alerted by Alby, the authorities arrest Joey (who tries to protect Wanda by claiming responsibility for the poisoning) and raid the compound.
Meanwhile, Roman's newest intended bride, 16-year-old Rhonda Volmer, secretly leaves the compound, and the Henricksons take her in, thinking her an innocent trying to escape forced marriage. Rhonda is revealed as a pathological liar exploiting Roman's legal troubles to get media coverage for herself. Bill manipulates Roman and the Greenes (a renegade polygamist sect) against each other in order to claim Weber Gaming. Roman is shot after the police try to arrest the Greenes and is hospitalized. Alby seizes power, and Roman is arrested for violating the Mann Act. When Alby's mother flees Juniper Creek, Bill doesn't challenge Alby's assumption of prophethood.
Bill sends their son to a distant Catholic school where Bill is unknown and can falsely claim Nicki as his sole wife, while Margene and Barb contend to be "head wife". But Margene befriends Ana, a Serbian dental hygienist working as a waitress, after witnessing Bill flirting with her. Seeking an ally against her co-wives, Margene encourages Bill to take Ana as a fourth wife. Barb reasserts herself by telling nosy neighbors the family is polygamous, advising Bill that she will leave him if he tries to marry a fourth wife.
Sarah, seeking help through a support group for ex-Mormons, meets Scott Quittman, who, though considerably older, becomes her boyfriend. Initially Sarah will not sleep with him, but by the end of the season she does so. Ben embraces his father's views on polygamy and begins dating twin girls from Juniper Creek, leading Barb to consider sending him away to live with her nonpolygamist mother.
Season 3.
In the third season Bill pursues Ana, despite his pledge to end the affair. Barb agrees to allow the marriage after coming to see her as a confidante without Margene's childishness or Nicki's manipulativeness, but Ana chafes at Bill's authoritarianism and "divorces" herself from the family, suggesting that her staying would destroy the fragile bonds among Bill's three wives.
At Adaleen's request, Nicki infiltrates the prosecution office, working under Margene's identity to protect her own and learns that the chief witness against Roman Grant is Joey's intended second wife Kathy, forced to marry when she was only 14. Witnesses are intimidated or paid not to testify. Kathy's twin sister JoDean claims that she has no birth certificate and that Juniper Creek never celebrates birthdays, so the sisters had never agreed on how old they are. With the prosecutor unable to prove that Kathy had been underage at marriage, Roman is acquitted. Nicki shoves her father down a flight of stairs and flirts with Ray Henry (Chip Esten), who is prosecuting her father.
Sarah discovers that she is pregnant to her now ex-boyfriend Scott and tells Ben and Heather but not her parents or Scott. After considering her options Sarah decides to keep the child but then miscarries. Nicki convinces her to admit the pregnancy and miscarriage to the family. Bill attempts to support Sarah by buying her a car, but Barb's relationship with her is damaged.
Joey tells Bill that he, Kathy, and Wanda are getting married, and he asks Bill to seal them. Roman tries to force Kathy to marry his brother-in-law, Hollis Greene, as a way of punishing and controlling her after her betrayal - intending to ship both of them off to Mexico. She attacks Hollis's wife Selma with a pitchfork and flees in a stolen pickup, but Roman rams the vehicle and she is killed, her death made to look like an accident. Joey accuses Roman of murdering his intended wife and attempts to coerce information from Adaleen.
Nicki becomes romantically entangled with Ray Henry, but Margene exposes their relationship after she discovers her identity has been used; Ray denounces the entire family and vows to prosecute Nicki for her illegal actions during the Grant trial. Bill separates from Nicki and she goes to the compound and renews her relationship with Alby, while Sarah reconciles with Scott and proposes marriage to him.
Elsewhere, Bill and Alby broker a deal with Bill's brother-in-law Ted, who is seeking a Mormon document implying that the LDS Church faked its renunciation of polygamy at the time of Utah statehood. With Bill and Barb estranged from her family, the LDS Church excommunicates her. The Greenes, who also want the document, kidnap Ted's adopted daughter to get it, but they learn it is a forgery created to swindle the church.
Plotting to kill his parents to avenge a prior attempt on his life. Alby and his wife Lura make a letter-bomb, which injures Alby and a hotel maid. Arrested for kidnapping, Selma tells police of Roman's murder of Kathy. At the compound Joey appears to have suffocated Roman, avenging Kathy's death. Learning that her 14-year-old daughter, Cara Lynn, is about to be married off, Nicki and Cara Lynn return to Bill's family, while Bill declares himself leader of his own brand-new church.
Season 4.
Viewers learn that Adaleen has hidden Roman Grant's body in a freezer for several weeks. Alby and Lura move the body to Idaho to the Henricksons' newly opened casino, still under construction. Bill keeps the FBI from finding Roman's body before he returns it to Juniper Creek for burial. Bill faces two challengeshis campaign for public office and his growing rift with his eldest son, Ben. Bill seeks a seat in the Utah State Senate as part of a plan to legitimize polygamywhich faces renewed and widespread public animosity. Bill learns of Ben's growing attraction to Margene, and agrees that Ben should spend some time away from the house, which Ben interprets as being 'cast out' of the family. This shocks Bill's family, who have recently discovered Bill's criminal past, publicly revealed by Bill's political opponent. Bill must also grapple with Marilyn Densham (Sissy Spacek), a conniving lobbyist whom he likens to a common criminal.
The season also develops a plotline involving J.J. marrying Adaleen. At first resistant, Adaleen accepts being "sealed" to J.J. and finds herself pregnant. Nicki is told she's infertile, even when treated by J.J.'s son, a fertility specialist. Eventually, it is revealed that J.J. has been using eugenics and inbreeding on an isolated community he leads in Kansas and that Adaleen's pregnancy is a product of that program.
On the eve of elections, Barb unsuccessfully tries to sabotage Bill's potential win by leaking the paternity report of Ana's child, thus proving Bill's extramarital affair to the media. This brings the growing rift between Bill and Barb to fore, with Barb declaring that she does not feel a need for Bill anymore. Angry over J.J.'s experiments on her family with in-vitro fertilization, Adaleen sets fire to a fertility clinic office where she has trapped J.J. Walker and his cancer-stricken wife. Bill wins the election for the Senate seat and publicly reveals his plural marriage with Barb, Nicki and Margene.
Season 5.
The final season centers on Bill's Senate service, where Bill faces an attempt to impeach him over his polygamy. Bill pushes a plan to help Juniper Creek, but then has the compound demolished after Alby attempts to murder Don. He plans to build a church where UEB members can worship in safety. The Senate proffers charges of statutory rape against him, since Margie had been only 16 at her marriage. Alby attempts to murder Bill in the Utah State Capitol, but he is stopped and incarcerated. Lois develops dementia due to a sexually transmitted disease contracted from Frank. The Henricksons try to take care of her, but her hunger strike forces the family to take her back to the compound. Frank finds out how much the disease has affected her after he breaks his hip and Lois only gives him a pillow.
Barb tells the household she believes she had a testimony to be a priesthood-holder. She begins attending a Reformed LDS church that recognizes female priesthood but realizes it isn't what she wants, because her family will not witness her baptism there. She joins the family at Bill's church for Easter service. Nicki, now the sole parent of Cara Lynn, wants Bill to adopt her, but he and Nicki must be legally married. After much discussion, Barb and Bill divorce so this can happen. Discovering that Cara Lynn is in a relationship with her teacher, Nicki tries to send her to a strict boarding school without letting the rest of the family know. Margie, desperate to make friends, becomes a successful salesperson; realizing there is more to life than her marriage, she decides to go on missions to help the poor.
On Easter Sunday, 500 people from across the state come to Bill's church. At the service, Bill has a vision of the old pioneers and Emma Smith (Joseph Smith, Jr.'s wife), which reassures him that he is making the right decision.
In the final episode, Bill is released from jail, goes to the Senate and pushes for a bill to legalize polygamy. Lois has told Frank that she would like him to help her have a merciful death. Frank holds her and reminisces about their early life together after injecting her with drugs that will grant her final wish. 
Later, Bill is confronted by his neighbor, Carl, who is angry because Bill re-sodded Carl's yard. Distorting Bill's generous act, Carl thinks Bill has implied that he can't take care of his wife and home. Carl shoots Bill at close range with a pistol. The three wives run outside to help the dying Bill, who asks Barb for her blessing, showing her that he believes she holds the priesthood. As Barb performs the blessing, Bill dies in her arms.
Some 11 months later, Sarah and Scott have returned to the family home. Barb has presided over a baby blessing for Sarah's son, who is named after Bill. Ben has married Heather, and Margene is leaving on a mission to Central America to help the poor. In the final scene, all the women embrace one another in the dining room, as the hazy spirit of Bill sits at the end of the table watching them. Bill's spirit can be seen smiling.
The United Effort Brotherhood.
The show's fictional fundamentalist group, the "United Effort Brotherhood", or UEB, is similar to the actual "United Effort Plan" established by the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (FLDS) and taken over by the state in 2005. The FLDS is one of the most prolific and well-known polygamist groups and regards itself as the legitimate successor of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which officially discontinued polygamy in 1890. Creators Olsen and Scheffer included a drive through the twin FLDS towns of Hildale, Utah and Colorado City, Arizona, as part of their research for the show.
Like the FLDS, the UEB has the distinction of possessing a temple of its own on its Kansas compound. The raid on Juniper Creek is reminiscent of the Short Creek raid, an actual historic event from 1953 where Arizona state police and National Guard troops took action against polygamists in Colorado City. Many of the businesses owned by the 'UEB' are similar to businesses owned by the Latter Day Church of Christ (aka the Kingston Clan), another Mormon fundamentalist church. The concept for the cable show was influenced by a 2003 article published in Utah on the Darger family, who are Independent Fundamentalist Mormons.
Production and crew.
Although set in Utah, the series was primarily filmed at the Santa Clarita Studios in Valencia, California. The location used for filming "Henrickson’s Home Plus" scenes was The All American Home Center in Downey, California.
The outside scenes of the three homes that Bill owns were filmed on location on Shady Lane, in the small town of Fillmore, California.
The mall scenes from season one were filmed in the Fox Hills Mall, in Culver City, California. Other exterior shots were filmed in Downtown Salt Lake City, Utah and Sandy, Utah, as well as northeast Los Angeles, California.
The head writers for the series are the co-creators: Mark V. Olsen and Will Scheffer. The writing staff includes Patricia Breen, Dustin Lance Black, Doug Jung, Eileen Myers, Jennifer Schuur, Doug Stockstill, Jeanette Collin, Mimi Friedman, and Julia Cho.
Directors of the series include Jim McKay, Adam Davidson, Rodrigo Garcia, Charles McDougall, Sarah Pia Anderson, Dan Attias, Burr Steers, Michael Spiller, Alan Taylor, John Strickland, Mary Harron, Steve Shill, Julian Farino, Michael Lehmann, and Alan Poul (former executive producer of "Six Feet Under").
The show's producers are Alexa Junge, Ann Holm, Ron Binkowski, Bernadette Caulfield, Jeanette Collins, Mimi Friedman, Shane Keller, David Knoller, Mark V. Olsen, Will Scheffer, Gary Goetzman, and Tom Hanks.
Soundtrack.
David Byrne recorded a complete soundtrack to the second season, released as "" on August 19, 2008.
The theme song to the series from Seasons 1 through 3 was The Beach Boys' "God Only Knows". As of Season 4, the song "Home", performed by the British band Engineers, was adopted as the show's theme song along with a new title sequence. "God Only Knows" was covered by Natalie Maines for the series finale.
Critical reception.
Review aggregate Metacritic indicated positive critical response for all five seasons. The average scores for the first through fourth seasons were 72/100, 71/100, 79/100, and 70/100, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The fifth and final season received an average score of 85/100, or "universal acclaim".
Upon its debut, reaction to the series was mixed-to-positive. Initial raves came from publications such as "Time Magazine", the "Wall Street Journal" and "New York Daily News" -- James Poniewozik named it a "first-rate drama" and Dorothy Rabinowitz called it "seriously compelling"—and publications such as "Entertainment Weekly", "The New Yorker", "Variety", the "Boston Globe" and the "Hollywood Reporter" were all positive as well. Notable detractors included Robert Lloyd of the "Los Angeles Times", who said it ultimately "didn't convince"; Doug Elfman of the "Chicago Sun-Times" who felt its quality didn't match its concept; and John Leonard of "New York Magazine", describing it as "more soapy than salacious".
By the arrival of the second season, critical reception had warmed. Maureen Ryan of "The Huffington Post" and noted critic Alan Sepinwall remained ambivalent towards the show; otherwise, however, critics' were uniformly positive. In particular, several critics noted improvements from season one. Gillian Flynn of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote, ""Big Love" has dropped the last vestiges of its ostentatious quirkiness and fashioned itself into a rich and grounded family drama" and Diane Werts of "Newsday" said that "'Big Love' does more this year than you might expect, and more richly, more provocatively, more dramatically and amusingly, too." The second season was cited among the best shows of 2007 by a large number of publications, including "PopMatters", the "San Francisco Chronicle", "Time Magazine", "Entertainment Weekly" and NPR.
Season three vaulted "Big Love" to universal critical acclaim. Notably, Tim Stack of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the season's early episodes an 'A' grade, and Mary McNamara of the "Los Angeles Times" went so far as to say, "If there's a better written, better acted, more originally conceived show on television, I defy you to name it." After two years of popping up spottily on critics' 'Best Of' lists, season three was recognized as one of the top seasons of television from 2009. In aggregating Top 10 lists from every major television critic, Metacritic reported that an astounding 10 critics had cited the series, tying for the eighth-most mentions (and, in particular, "Big Love" ranked third on that list among series in their third season or later).
Though only its first three seasons aired in the 2000s, multiple critics cited "Big Love" as one of the best series of the decade. They include the "Huffington Post", "Ain't It Cool News" and the "AV Club", who wrote ""Big Love" has proved to be one of the most ... earnest studies of religion and morality ever to air on television."
Returning in 2010, "Big Love" was met with mixed critical response for a shorter fourth season. General consensus dictated that the series was focused too much on plot, with character development suffering as a result. The "Washington Post" identified a lack of energy in the actors, looking "alternately confused and pooped, empty shells of the characters they used to play". Putting it into perspective, Rob Owen of the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" wrote "In this new season the show is spinning off into too many directions. None, taken individually, is terrible, but altogether these myriad plots create a lack of focus." The "AV Club", who just a year earlier cited the drama as one of the previous decade's top 20 shows, described the fourth season after its finale as "The season that virtually obliterated "Big Love"'s dramatic credibility".
Returning for its fifth and final season the next year, reaction was extremely enthusiastic. "Big Love" received the best early reviews of its entire run. Mary McNamara wrote, ""Big Love" quickly reclaims its astonishing ability to balance the insightful and the absurd, hilarity and heartbreak and the personal with the political.". Similar raves came from Nancy DeWolf Smith of the "Wall Street Journal", who called the final season "mesmerizing", and the "New York Post", who awarded the final season a perfect four out of four stars. Overall, the final season of "Big Love" tied as the fourth-best reviewed returning show of 2011, trailing only "Breaking Bad", "Louie" and the animated comedy "Archer". It was the sixth-best reviewed scripted series of the year overall.
Response to the series finale, "When Men and Mountains Meet", was extremely passionate among top publications. Jace Lacob of the "Daily Beast" called it the "perfect way to close out this series" and described his reaction to it as "emotional". James Poniewozik wrote for "Time Magazine" that "In the end ... "Big Love" came back full circle to the core relationships ... We closed on a moving if messy note for a moving if messy series." Mary McNamara, of the "Los Angeles Times" dubbed it "a perfect finish to an astonishingly ambitious show that often careened through genre, narrative structure and believability like they were false walls on a stage". In her rumination on the finale, Ginia Bellafante of the "New York Times" noted that "["Big Love"] was always at its most compelling as an indictment of the mindless spiritual avidity and the bizarre displays of self-exoneration that can go on in the name of faith," and celebrated the finale for committing to that theme. She also wrote that the series had "achieved the resonance of [HBO's] other heralded series". Writing for TV Squad, Dr. Ryan Vaughn was less enthusiastic about the finale but said "I'm not going to let a great series be sullied with a mediocre finale." Finally, the AV Club awarded the series finale, and the series as a whole, a B+, writing that its first three seasons in particular qualified as "remarkable television".
LDS Church response.
In March 2006, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) issued a public statement citing concerns over the program's depiction of abuse, polygamy, use of stereotypes, and television's depiction of moral and civic values in general. Among other things, the church stated, "Despite its popularity with some, much of today’s television entertainment shows an unhealthy preoccupation with sex, coarse humor and foul language. "Big Love", like so much other television programming, is essentially lazy and indulgent entertainment that does nothing for our society and will never nourish great minds." In March 2009, the LDS Church stated that HBO's writers, producers, and executives were displaying insensitivity to church members by choosing to display simulated segments of the LDS Church's Endowment ceremony in an episode of "Big Love". The LDS Church also stated that the show had continued to blur the distinction between the LDS Church and "the show's fictional non-Mormon characters".
Academia.
Since its premiere, "Big Love" has been the subject of several seminal studies in the humanities and social sciences.
Dr. Cheryl Hanna explored "the problem of categorical exclusions to the consent doctrine in private intimate relationships" through the lens of "Big Love", specifically citing its "beautifully explored" tensions between individual autonomy and state interests. In her conclusion, she wrote "the future of feminist legal theory depends on its ability to remain ambivalent about the tensions presented in the consent doctrine as applied to contexts such as polygamy, prostitution, sadomasochistic sex, obscenity, and domestic violence. "Big Love" seeks to persuade us to accept ambivalence and to be open to changing our minds because of the complicated nature of women's (and men's) lives; feminist legal theory ought to persuade us to do the same."
For the "Columbia Law Review", Dr. Adrienne D. Davis assessed legal debates surrounding polygamy after the premiere of "Big Love" and how it was being likened to same-sex marriage. She wrote, "The highly acclaimed hit series self-consciously invites viewers to consider analogies between same-sex and polygamous families. In the show's much-anticipated second season, the invitation became more pointed and persistent, with intermittent references to 'coming out,' 'closeted families,' and 'the state' as repressively surveilling nonconforming 'big love.'" However, she claimed that Hollywood and television critics' desire to interpret the polygamy in "Big Love" and beyond as representative of American "quirky families" was a miscue. Ultimately, she determined that the dichotomy presented by "Big Love" works when viewed in terms of "intimacy liberty, privacy, autonomy, and agency, or even an incipient constitutional respect for 'sexual minorities.'"; the very essence, as Davis notes and commends, of the series' themes.
Dr. Brenda Cossman examined "Big Love" closely in her study of "migrating marriages" for "Law and Contemporary Problems". In addition to asserting that "Just as in "Big Love", same-sex marriage is never more than one degree away of separation from polygamy," she found that the series adds crucial insight to the understanding of marriages that exist between legal and cultural recognition. As she explains, "These cases can be seen through the lens of ... "Big Love", in which marriages are produced as the culturally real in the here and the now, even when legal recognition remains elusive." By exploring the movement seeking to culturally legitimize same-sex marriage, she concluded "Big Love" served as a most powerful, unique allegory: ""Big Love" plays on an even more decisive gap: polygamous marriages are not legal in Utah or anywhere else in the country. Yet the point and the poignancy of the show is to depict a 'real-life' family. Bill Hendrickson and his three wives struggle with all of the daily trials of contemporary family life: parenting, finances, intimacy, and sex. The sympathetic portrayal of their family is as culturally real, although it suffers by virtue of its nonlegal recognition."
"Big Love" was also studied as a part of Andrew Atkinson's study of HBO programs and the post-secular humanistic themes they elicit. In writing of "Big Love", Atkinson too draws on the parallel between gay rights and polygamist rights illuminated by the series, but focuses more on the series' influential humanistic elements. In fact, he somewhat rebuffs earlier assertions made: "The attention that is paid to the minute details of Mormon ritual, theology, and historical disputes demonstrates that HBO's writers are uncomfortable with the supposed dichotomy that constructs homosexuality as by default areligious." Atkinson focuses on the ending, interpreting Barb's blessing of Bill as a "ritual innovation indicates that FLDS Mormonism must shed the trappings of patriarchy if it wants to legitimate polygamy in a post-feminist society", and the fall of Alby, the closet homosexual, as a powerful interpretation of "the future theo-political and sexual tensions that Mormonism, and by extension, the broader American polity, will face as the post-secular matures". In concluding, Atkinson makes the case that "Big Love" and other HBO shows like "The Sopranos", "The Wire" and "Six Feet Under" "contribute to a fuller conception of humanity" than other forms of art and entertainment.
Awards and nominations.
Series
Acting
Directing
Writing

</doc>
<doc id="2910064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910064" title="Rho2 Cancri">
Rho2 Cancri

Rho2 Cancri (ρ2 Cnc, ρ2 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
ρ2 Cancri is a yellow G-type bright giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.23. It is approximately 574 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910067" title="Jameson Parker">
Jameson Parker

Francis Jameson Parker Jr. (born November 18, 1947) is an American actor, best known for his role of A.J. Simon on the 1980s television series "Simon & Simon".
Biography.
Parker was born in Baltimore, Maryland, on November 18, 1947. He attended St. Albans School in Washington, D.C., and a Swiss prep school. He studied drama at Beloit College and acted in student theater productions. While living in Washington, D.C., he landed a job with a production of "The Great White Hope" at the Arena Stage and then acted in theatrical productions of "Caligula" and "Indians". After completing his degree at Beloit in 1971, he performed in dinner theater and summer stock in the Washington, D.C., area.
In 1972, he moved to New York City, where he secured several television commercials and appeared in off-Broadway plays. He was cast as Dale Robinson in the daytime drama "Somerset". He also created the role of Brad Vernon on "One Life to Live".
Parker made his motion picture debut in "The Bell Jar" (1979) and starred in "A Small Circle of Friends" (1980), in which he played one of three radical college students during the 1960s. The United Artists film received a limited theatrical release and grossed under $1 million. Another film from early in his acting career was the controversial "White Dog" (1982).
In addition, he played the leads in several CBS television movies: "Women at West Point" (1979), "Anatomy of a Seduction" (1979), "The Gathering II" (1979), "The Promise of Love" (1980), "Callie and Son" (1981), and "A Caribbean Mystery" (1983).
He starred in "Simon & Simon" from 1981 to 1988, and in 1987, starred alongside Donald Pleasence and Alice Cooper in John Carpenter's horror movie "Prince of Darkness".
In 1985, Beloit awarded him its Distinguished Service Citation.
Parker guest-starred on the ABC series "Family" and "Hart to Hart", and "Walker, Texas Ranger". He appeared in the television movies "Who is Julia?" (1986), "Dead Before Dawn" (1993), and "Violation of Trust" (1991). He appeared on the sitcom "Major Dad". With his "Simon & Simon" co-star Gerald McRaney he appeared in the theatrical movie "American Justice", which he co-produced. After completing this movie, he returned to Beloit College to star in a live summer stock theatrical production as Brick in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof".
Parker has written four books:
Parker has often said that he was not the typical "Hollywood type", and that he is very much a homebody.
In the fall of 1992, Parker was shot by a neighbor near his home. He made a full recovery, and the neighbor was convicted of attempted murder and sentenced to nine years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="2910068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910068" title="Twelvepole Creek">
Twelvepole Creek

Twelvepole Creek is a river located in Wayne County, West Virginia. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed, by way of the Ohio River.
Course.
Twelvepole Creek rises in northern Mingo County before flowing north through Wayne County. The headwaters of the East Fork are dammed to form East Lynn Lake. The East Fork of the river then flows north through East Lynn, Wayne, and Lavalette. The West Fork flows north though Dunlow, West Virginia and joins the East Fork at the town of Wayne. The river then flows north again before draining into the Ohio River just east of Ceredo.
Origin of name.
Twelvepole Creek received its name from early explorers, the group supposedly included a young George Washington. Traveling the Ohio River, they measured the mouth of the creek where it joined the Ohio in terms of poles, also known as rods. Being approximately 198 feet (12 poles) wide at its mouth, the creek was named Twelvepole Creek.
Recreation.
East Lynn Lake and Beech Fork Lake (formed from one of Twelvepole Creek's tributaries) provide popular destinations for boating, fishing, swimming, and camping.

</doc>
<doc id="2910071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910071" title="Sigma1 Cancri">
Sigma1 Cancri

Sigma1 Cancri (σ1 Cnc, σ1 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
σ1 Cancri is a white A-type main sequence dwarf with an apparent magnitude of +5.67. It is approximately 204 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910073" title="Media.Vision">
Media.Vision


</doc>
<doc id="2910080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910080" title="Sigma2 Cancri">
Sigma2 Cancri

Sigma2 Cancri (σ2 Cnc, σ2 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
σ2 Cancri is a white A-type subgiant with an apparent magnitude of +5.44. It is approximately 195 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910084" title="Sigma3 Cancri">
Sigma3 Cancri

Sigma3 Cancri (σ3 Cnc, σ3 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer. It is approximately 320 light years from Earth.
σ3 Cancri is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.23.

</doc>
<doc id="2910087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910087" title="Hamilton Heights, Manhattan">
Hamilton Heights, Manhattan

Hamilton Heights is a neighborhood in the northern part of Manhattan, which is a borough of New York City. It lies between Manhattanville to the south and Washington Heights to the north. It contains the sub-neighborhood of Sugar Hill.
Hamilton Heights is bounded by 135th Street to the south, the Hudson River to the west, 155th Street to the north, and Edgecombe Avenue to the east. The community derives its name from Founding Father Alexander Hamilton, who lived the last two years of his life in the area when it was still largely farmland; specifically, he lived in what is now known as Hamilton Grange National Monument. It is located within Manhattan Community Board 9.
Housing and demographics.
Most of the housing dates from the extension of the elevated and subway lines at the end of the 19th and the start of the 20th Century. This fairly elegant housing became less desirable to white residents in the 1930s and 1940s as the population changed from white to black, even though the black residents were just as affluent as the white residents. There are spacious apartment buildings, brownstones and other row houses prominently lining the leafy eastern streets of Hamilton Heights, an area traditionally home to a substantial black professional class. The brownstone revival of the 1960s and 1970s led to a new movement of middle-class blacks in the area. Latinos arrived in large numbers in the 1980s, with Dominicans making up the majority. Today the local population is changing again, with Hispanics constituting a majority of the population followed by African Americans, West Indians and Whites. Gentrification since 2005 has dramatically increased the proportion of non-Hispanic whites. Many actors, artists, teachers, and other professionals now reside in Hamilton Heights.
After the Russian Revolution, especially after the 1940s, many Ukrainians, Russian White émigré, and Polish found their way to New York City. Hamilton Heights had a very heavy population of Eastern European heritages, with a predominantly large amount of Russians living in this immediate area. There were a couple of Russian Orthodox Churches erected, Russian Book stores, bakeries, grocery and delicatessen stores including theatres all along Broadway. The house on the corner of Broadway and west 141st street was known as the "Russian House" (Русский Дом) and a Russian library was on the other corner. During the late 1950s and throughout the 1960s, a lot of these Russians began to move out to suburban areas of New York and New Jersey. The only remaining landmark of this era is the Holy Fathers Russian Orthodox Church Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia, located on 524 W. 153rd Street, with some notable Russian Americans buried at the bordering Trinity Cemetery, New York City.
Notable sites.
Hamilton Heights is the home of City College of New York (CCNY), Dance Theatre of Harlem, The Harlem School of the Arts and Aaron Davis Hall.
The neighborhood offers several parks, including the recently built Riverbank State Park, embedded in Riverside Park which runs along the Hudson River the length of Hamilton Heights.
Historic Hamilton Heights comprises the Hamilton Heights Historic District and the Hamilton Heights/Sugar Hill Historic District Extension, both designated by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission. One of the highest hills in Hamilton Heights slopes up from the Hudson River at 155th Street, and contains the Trinity Church Cemetery. Many individual buildings in the district are also landmarked, including Shepard Hall on the CCNY campus, and the building that once housed The High School of Music & Art.
Transportation.
The IRT Broadway – Seventh Avenue Line stops in Hamilton Heights at the 137th Street – City College and 145th Street stations ( train). The IND Eighth Avenue Line runs under St. Nicholas Avenue, providing service at 135th Street ( trains), 145th Street ( trains) and 155th Street ( trains). The IND Concourse Line branches off north of the 145th Street station under Frederick Douglass Boulevard to serve 155th Street ( trains).
The New York City Transit M4 and M5 buses serve Broadway; M100 and M101 buses run on Amsterdam Avenue; M11 bus on 135th Street; Bx19 bus on 145th Street; Bx6 bus on 155th Street and the M3 bus on St. Nicholas Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="2910088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910088" title="Tau Cancri">
Tau Cancri

Tau Cancri (τ Cnc, τ Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
τ Cancri is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.42. It is approximately 260 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910091" title="Upsilon1 Cancri">
Upsilon1 Cancri

Upsilon1 Cancri (υ1 Cnc, υ1 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
υ1 Cancri is a yellow-white F-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.71. It is approximately 237 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910097" title="Australia First">
Australia First

The phrase Australia First can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2910099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910099" title="Upsilon2 Cancri">
Upsilon2 Cancri

Upsilon2 Cancri (υ2 Cnc, υ2 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
υ2 Cancri is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +6.35. It is approximately 421 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910103" title="Chi Cancri">
Chi Cancri

Chi Cancri (χ Cnc, χ Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
χ Cancri is a yellow-white F-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of +5.13. It is approximately 59.6 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910106" title="Phi1 Cancri">
Phi1 Cancri

Phi1 Cancri (φ1 Cnc, φ1 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
φ1 Cancri is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.58. It is approximately 398 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910109" title="Phi2 Cancri">
Phi2 Cancri

Phi2 Cancri (φ2 Cnc, φ2 Cancri) is a binary star in the constellation Cancer, about 277 light-years from Earth.
Both components are white A-type main sequence dwarfs with apparent magnitudes of +6.30. They are separated by 5.1 arcseconds on the sky, and their mean apparent brightness is +5.55 magnitudes.

</doc>
<doc id="2910115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910115" title="Chungmuro Station">
Chungmuro Station

Chungmuro Station is a station on the Seoul Subway Line 3 and Line 4. Both the Line 3 and 4 platforms are located in Chungmuro-4-ga, Jung-gu, Seoul.
This station is named after the road under which it passes, in honor of the Chosun general Yi Sunsin, who was also known by the title of "Chungmugong".
Cinema.
Chungmuro is considered the best place to view Korean movies. Just outside the exit by the rear entrance to Dongguk University is Daehan Cinema (대한극장), where Chungmuro Film Festival in Seoul was first held.

</doc>
<doc id="2910116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910116" title="Psi2 Cancri">
Psi2 Cancri

Psi2 (ψ2) Cancri (ψ2 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Often it is simply referred to as ψ Cancri, although it shares this designation with a dimmer neighbour, ψ¹ Cancri.
ψ2 Cancri is a yellow G-type main sequence dwarf with an apparent magnitude of +5.73. It is approximately 137 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910121" title="Treaty of Balta Liman">
Treaty of Balta Liman

The 1838 Treaty of Balta Limani, or the Anglo-Ottoman Treaty, is a formal trade agreement signed between the Sublime Porte of the Ottoman Empire and The United Kingdom. The trade policies imposed upon the Ottoman Empire, after the Treaty of Balta Limani, are considered to be some of the most liberal, open market, settlements that had ever been enacted during the time. The terms of the treaty stated that, the Ottoman Empire will abolish all monopolies, allow British merchants and their collaborators to have full access to all Ottoman markets and will be taxed equally to local merchants. These agreements did not constitute an equal free trade arrangement, as The United Kingdom still employed protectionist policies on their agricultural markets.
Leading up to the Treaty of Balta Limani, in the fall of 1831 the Governor of Egypt, Mehmet Ali Pasha, retaliated against the Ottoman Empire. Mehemet Ali had not been given the territory that Ottoman Sultan, Mahmud II, had promised him, after he showed military expertise in defeating Greek rebels in 1824. In response Ali Pasha’s son, Ibrahim Pasha, led the Egyptian army to storm Lebanon and Syria, quickly defeating Ottoman forces. Mahmud II appealed to Britain and France for help, though neither would intervene. Reluctantly the Empire turned to Russia for help, which in turn stopped Ali Pasha’s advancements. After a round of negotiations Egypt was able to retain most of the conquered land, though neither party was truly satisfied with the outcome. Tensions between Egypt and the Ottoman Empire, along with fears of Russian intervention, gave the United Kingdom an incentive to negotiate with the Ottomans, to gain the upper-hand in trade agreements. The UK took advantage of the unrest and offered its hand in helping the Ottoman Empire defeat Mehmet Ali Pasha, in exchange for complete access to Ottoman trade markets.
Background.
Rise of Mehmet Ali Pasha.
Between the years 1803 and 1807 civil war broke out in Egypt among the Ottoman Turks, Egyptian Mamluks, and Albanian mercenaries. Mehmet Ali Pasha emerged victorious from the battle. Egypt was still under Ottoman control, so when Sultan Mahmud II recognized him as the official Egyptian Governor, his rule was legitimized. During his reign Ali Pasha gained much recognition for industrial and economic reforms in Egypt. Irrigation systems were repaired which led to a booming cotton industry. His administration also tackled important infrastructure issues; including the reconstruction of the Mahmoudiayh Canal, which allowed water access from the Alexandria River to the Nile River. Mehemet Ali's economic policies heavily relied on the use of monopolies to control market prices of goods. 
During his reign, Mehemet Ali gained considerable favor in the European world, specifically with France, due to his westernized reforms. He promoted education reform, specifically in the fields of arts and sciences. Also, with much European benefit, Mehemet Ali strengthened trade from India to the western nations; though, still capitalized on middle-man transactions.
Mehemet Ali was loyal to the Ottoman Sublime Porte, and led an invasion against the Saudis in 1811, at the request of the Sultan. While abroad he became suspicious that the Turks were planning to overthrow his rule in Egypt, so he returned to Cairo. Mehemet Ali was prone to act autonomously and made important decisions without first gaining approval from the authorities of the Ottoman Empire. During the time under Mahmud II, reformist efforts were being made to centralize the government and punish peripheral states which acted outside the Porte’s will. However, Egypt amassed so much regional power that the Sultan could not take any simple measures to cut back Mehemet Ali’s power.
Mehemet Ali was well aware of Mahmud’s efforts to cut back regional power and had always been suspicious of the rule of the Sultan. In precautionary steps, the Egyptian Governor had been building up his army and naval fleets with the help of French instructors. With his well-trained army, Mehemet Ali was able to suppress an Armenian Revolt in Cairo in a clearly effective manner. Mahmud II acknowledged the skills of Ali's army and offered him the pashaliks of Syria and Morea (which was the name for the Peloponnese peninsula of Greece), in return for aid in suppressing Greek revolts. Mehemet Ali and his Son Ibrahim agreed and led a fierce campaign in the Mediterranean Sea, which began in 1824.
After a few years of fighting, Mehemet Ali was never granted the land promised to Egypt after helping aid Ottoman efforts to end the Greek rebellion. At this point Ali Pasha knew his army was superior to the Ottoman’s army and he was angry with Mahmud for denying him the promised territory. He had a growing ship industry and needed more natural resources in order to meet demand, and he felt the Ottomans would soon attempt to exert their power over him. These factors led Mehemet Ali to storm the Ottoman territories. In 1831 he sent troops through Lebanon and up to Syria along the shores of the Mediterranean; and conquered Ottoman lands all the way to Konia, which is in the heart of Anatolia. 
Sultan Mahmud II quickly realized that he would need an ally in order to defend himself against the forces of Mehemet Ali. First he turned to Britain and France for support, though he was promptly turned down. The Ottoman Empire hadno other choice than to seek the help of a known enemy, Russia.
The Hunkar Iskelesi Treaty of August 1833.
Russia Czar, Nicolas I, agreed to help Mahmud, and immediately sent troops to stop Egypt’s advance into Anatolia. It was not an easy move to make on Mahmud’s part; public unrest ensued after forming an alliance with Russia. Many were disturbed by the alliance considering that just a few years before, the Ottoman Empire lost land in the Balkans to Russian encroachments.
The looming Russian force encouraged negotiations between the Sublime Porte and Egypt in the spring of 1833. Ultimately, Mehemet ALi came out of the peace negotiations – agreed upon at the Convention of Kütahya – with all of Egypt, Syria, Jeddah, Crete, Adana and Sudan. He was also promised that his sons could keep his lineage alive as rulers of Egypt, indefinitely. On the other hand, as payment for Russian support, the Ottoman Empire had to agree to close the Dardanelles, the passage between the Sea of Marmara and the Mediterranean, to warships if Russia was ever attacked.
The British and the French were not happy with the Hunkar Iskelesi Treaty. The French had all along quietly been backing the reign of Mehemet Ali in Egypt and would have been happy to see the Ottoman Empire crumble. France had taken an interest in North Africa and seized Algeria from weak Ottoman rule, just prior to the treaty. France also had strong diplomatic ties with Mehmet Ali Pasha. The British now feared Russia’s growing influence over the Ottoman Empire. The UK could not permit Russia to take over the Ottoman Empire, because that expansion would pose as a major threat to Western Europe. After the Hunkar Iskelesi treaty, England considered the survival of the Ottoman Empire a worthwhile cause.
French and British diplomats were even more alarmed at Russia’s involvement in the Ottoman Empire when the Munchengratz Agreement was signed in 1833. The Munchengratz Agreement was authorized by Prussia, Austria and Russia; and it stated that each nation would stand alongside one another in any future decisions, especially any decisions concerning the state of the Ottoman Empire. This agreement did not state any new treaties, though it made a public display of the nations' unity on issues concerning the Ottoman Empire, which appeared to be in its final decline.
Intended outcomes of the treaty.
In 1820 the U.K. and the Ottoman Empire had established a Trade Tariff that would expire in 14 years. After 1834 neither party wanted to renew the original agreement as it stood; so, Resit Pasha (advisor to the Sultan), David Urquhart (an English diplomat), Lord Posonby (the British Ambassador) and Counsel General John Cartwright, worked to form the Treaty of Balta Limina. David Urquhart was sent to Istanbul to befriend Resit Pasha and convince him the treaty would be of benefit to the Ottoman State. Urquhart worked hard to convince Ottoman notables that the treaty was in their favor. He published articles in Istanbul’s newspapers, listing the benefits of free trade markets; his propaganda influenced the capital city deeply. France and Russia watched the negotiations of the treaty closely. Russia feared losing its newfound Ottoman interests, and the French may have had to consider switching sides if Britain aligned itself with the Sultan against Ali Pasha of Egypt.
'British Aims:' The UK was leading the world in the industrial revolution and needed a bigger market and more resources in order to expand. So, it would benefit England the most to engage in as much trade with the Ottoman Empire as possible, with very little restrictions on the open market. Further, the British wanted the Ottomans to accept the treaty as quickly as possible. England needed to strike the deal while the Ottoman Empire was in a tight spot with Egypt so it would have less room to negotiate. England had to convince Mahmud II that the treaty would end Mehemet Ali’s reign. Egypt’s economy was largely controlled through the use of monopolies; if monopolies were abolished, Egypt’s economy would crumble. Also, opening Egyptian markets, with no protections, to the UK’s industrial goods market would crush its infant industries. England doid not want to see the Ottoman Empire fail in the hands of Russia either. Russia would not engage in free trade with Britain, and there would be no benefits of market inequalities that would form between the Ottoman Empire and England after the treaty.
'Ottoman Aims:' The Ottoman Empire was offered a deal that would have been hard to resist. Mahmud was never happy with the 1833 land negotiations, and wanted to see Egypt crumble. Tensions between Egypt and the Ottoman Empire clearly suggested the possibility of war. With new British alliances, fostered through the treaty's economic policy, Mahmud should receive help in ending the Ali Pasha regime before the Empire was destroyed. Also, the Ottoman Porte may have been overly naive to the full implications of a liberal, free trade, market. Without infant industry protections the Ottoman Empire had little hope in becoming a fully industrialised economy, as the other world powers were. England was not offering to also freely open its markets up to the Ottoman Empire, so markets could never come to a true equilibrium. It is unclear whether the Porte would have understood these consequences due to the concerted efforts of British diplomats lobbying for the policies in the treaty.
1838.
The Treaty of Balta Liman was a commercial treaty signed in 1838 between the Ottoman Empire and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, regulating international trade. Duties were set at 3% on imports; 3% on exports; 9% on transiting exported goods; and 2% on transiting imported goods. Given the tradition of the "Most Favored Country Status," these conditions were extended to France. The Ottomans also agreed to the abolition of all monopolies. Factors that helped shape the treaty included the writings of David Urquhart, who had advocated for the abolition of monopolies (of which opium was the most prominent outside of Egypt) in order to bolster further trade with the Ottoman Empire and decrease British dependency on Russian raw materials. There were also numerous complaints by British businessmen who were subject to duties levied on goods transshipped across the Ottoman Empire and arbitrary levies by local pashas. These duties were mainly confined to the realm of exports, while imports could be traded at ports for the traditional rate of 3%.
Convention of Commerce, 1838, Balta Liman.
Subsequently, on exportation, the duty of three per cent, as established and existing at present, shall be paid. But all articles bought in the shipping ports for exportation, and which have already paid the interior duty at entering into the same, will only pay the three per cent, export duty.
The new Tariff thus established, to be enforce seven years after it has been fixed, at the end of which time it shall be in the power of either of the parties to demand a revision of that Tariff; but if no such demand be made on either side, within the six months after the end of the first seven years, then the Tariff shall remain in force for seven years more, reckoned from the end of the preceding seven years, and so it shall be at the end of each successive period of seven years.
One factor that helped the British push the treaty through was the military dispute between rogue Ottoman Governor Mehmet (also known as Muhammed or Mehmed) Ali of Egypt and the Ottoman Imperial Center that dated back to 1831. In 1831, Mehmet Ali of Egypt's son Ibrahim Pasha led a successful military expedition into Syria, and established himself as governor. This invasion led to Ottoman retaliation and the eruption of hostilities that culminated in 1833, at which point Ibrahim's troops were within striking distance of Istanbul. Russian intervention, however, ended Ibrahim's advance. In spite of this, Mehmet Ali continued to govern Syria, and in May 1838 informed both British and French Consulates of that he resolved to declare independence from the Ottoman Empire. This move was opposed by both the Great Powers and the Ottoman Empire, which, under Mahmud II, began preparing for military action to prevent secession. In the midst of this dispute, on 16 August 1838, the Treaty of Balta Liman was passed. While there was no clear "quid pro quo" agreement, the treaty's passage helped to ensure British support of Ottoman territorial integrity, a position which had in actuality already been held by Palmerston, the Secretary of Foreign Affairs, but was formally declared the following month. When Muhammad Ali refused to implement the agreement because of the threat this posed to his nascent industrialisation project, Sultan Mahmud II gave him a year's grace period, after which Muhammad Ali still refused to comply. Based on the terms of the 1840 Convention of London, the Ottomans, with British assistance, soon attacked and reasserted control over Syria. The effects of the treaty are disputed, but many contend that it opened Ottoman markets to increased British imports and was detrimental to Ottoman producers.
Effects of the Treaty.
The economic effects of the treaty would not be immediately realized in Ottoman markets. Politically however, the Treaty of Balta Limani had serious consequences on the outcome of the Ottoman-Syrian War. After signing the treaty with the English, the Ottomans knew that the United Kingdom was heavily invested the future of the Ottoman Empire. With the British on his side, Sultan Mahmud II would no longer passively stand by while Mehemet Ali of Egypt held Ottoman territory in Syria. In 1839, a year after the Treaty of Balta Limani was signed, the Ottoman Empire declared war on Egypt. On June 29, 1839, Ibrahim Pasha, the son of Mehemet Ali, defeated the Ottoman army in the Battle of Nezib. This crushing defeat offered an opportunity for Mehemet Ali Pasha to potentially take control of Constantinople and essentially the entire Ottoman Empire. Shortly after the defeat Mahmud passed away leaving his 16 year old heir Abdülmecid in power. Britain, Russia, and Austria all had a considerable stake in the Ottoman Empire, and so they quickly came to the aid of the young Sultan, which led to the 1840 Convention of London.
1840 Convention of London.
The Convention of London of 1840 was a treaty with the formal title of Convention for the Pacification of the Levant, signed on 15 July 1840 between the European Great Powers of United Kingdom, Austria, Prussia and Russia on the one hand, and the Ottoman Empire on the other. The treaty offered the Egyptians complete rule over Egyptian territories and parts of Sudan as "privileged Ottoman provinces," but they would have to give up captured territories in Syria and Greece. Egypt did not respond to the treaty in the given amount of time because it believed France would back it in further conquest. Mehemet Ali's non-cooperation led to the Oriental Crisis of 1840. Russian and British forces attacked Egyptian forces in Acre and quickly defeated Mehemet Ali's forces. France also did not anticipate entering into war with England. After the crisis France switched sides, and Mehemet Ali realised he would have to accept the offer contained in the treaty.
Economic Consequences.
There are no official trade records for the Ottoman Empire before the year 1878, though it is clear that amount of imports and exports rose shortly after the Treaty of Balta Limani. Although the treaty undeniably increased trade, imports into the country increased exponetially more than exports, and this crippled Ottoman industry. A 1866 Ottoman report claimed that the number of textile looms in Istanbul and Uskar fell from a reported 2,730 to only 23. Similarly brocade looms went from a previous 350 to only four, and cotton or "nankeen" looms went from 40,000 to only 5,000 in Aleppo. The rapid influx of cheap British textiles and no protectionist policies would make industrializing a near impossible task for the Ottoman Empire after the Treaty of Balta Limani.
1849.
The Convention of Balta Liman of 1 May 1849 was an agreement between Russia and the Ottomans regulating the political situation of the two Danubian Principalities (the basis of present-day Romania), signed during the aftermath of the Revolutions of 1848. Moldavia, which had been placed under Russian occupation in late spring 1848 following a revolutionary attempt, and Wallachia, where a liberal Provisional Government had briefly assumed power before facing a common Ottoman-Russian reaction, were confirmed their previous status of Ottoman suzerainty and Russian protectorate (first established in 1831-32 by the "Regulamentul Organic"). Minor provisions were added, signifying a relative increase in Ottoman influence — namely, "hospodars" were no longer elected by the local National Assemblies for life, and instead appointed by the Sublime Porte for seven-year terms. A common military presence was maintained until 1851. The document led to the appointment of Barbu Dimitrie Ştirbei as hospodar of Wallachia and Grigore Alexandru Ghica as hospodar of Moldavia. The Convention was rendered void by the Crimean War (during which the Principalities fell under Austrian occupation), and the statutory system itself was annulled by the 1856 Treaty of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="2910124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910124" title="Psi1 Cancri">
Psi1 Cancri

Psi1 Cancri (ψ1 Cnc, ψ1 Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer. It is classified as an orange K-type giant, with an apparent magnitude of +6.44. It is approximately 1030 light years from Earth. Its designation is unusual as it is one of a very few stars which have a Bayer designation and are not in the Bright Star Catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="2910125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910125" title="Omega1 Cancri">
Omega1 Cancri

Omega1 Cancri (ω1 Cancri, ω1 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.
ω1 Cancri is a G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.87. It is approximately 660 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2910135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910135" title="Lavalette, West Virginia">
Lavalette, West Virginia

Lavalette is a census-designated place (CDP) in Wayne County, West Virginia, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,073. Lavalette is located at the intersection of West Virginia Route 152 and West Virginia Route 75, eight miles south of Huntington. The town is near Beech Fork Lake, a popular location for boating and fishing, and Twelvepole Creek. Lavalette was named after Lavalette Miller, the daughter of a Norfolk & Western Railway official.
Lavalette is a part of the Huntington-Ashland, WV-KY-OH, Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 287,702.
Lavalette has two 18-hole public golf courses - Sugarwood Golf Club and Twin Silos of Lavalette.
Lavalette also has a paid EMS ambulance service with two emergency response squads and one transport unit. The 35 member volunteer fire department has four engine companies, a rescue boat, and a mobile disaster response trailer.

</doc>
<doc id="2910142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910142" title="Six levels">
Six levels

In Traditional Chinese medicine, the Six Levels are first heard of from Zhang Zhongjing in the Shang Han Lun (translated into 'On Cold Damage) from about 220 AD or about 1700 years ago.
The six stages are
As can be seen the names of the levels are the same as the names of the head and foot pairs of acupuncture meridians. The order is roughly the order that a disease takes as you go from health to death. In some disease levels are skipped or the order can change.
Tai Yang stage (related to Urinary bladder/Small intestine channels) is started when a person is exposed to an exterior cold pathogen. The symptoms are Fever and maybe small chills, aversion to cold, pain in the back of the neck and head, Tongue has not yet changed, Pulse is floating. This stage has two sub stages.
1. Attack by wind.
2. Attack by cold.
3. Water Amassment
4. Blood amassment
Treatment in this stage to release the exterior (sweating)
Yang Ming stage(related to the stomach and large intestine channels) has high fever, profuse sweating, aversion to heat, thirst, red face, restlessness. The tongue has a red body and dry coating. Pulse Rapid, flooding (until the fluids are injured, and it becomes deficient and rapid. This stage is called the 4 greats (great pulse, fever, great thirst, great sweat)
Treatment-clearing, draining
Shao Yang stage:(related to the San Jiao and Gallbladder channels) channel symptoms- loss of hearing, red eyes, dizziness, visual distortion, headaches and hypochondriac pain, alternating cold and hot. bowel symptoms-bitter taste, nausea or retching, irritability, anxiety Tongue-Thin, thin coat (that could be white or yellow) pulse-wiry
Treatment-Harmonize
Tai Yin (related to Lung and Spleen) chronic watery diarrhea, vomiting, loss of appetite, no thirst, abdominal pain Tongue-white coating Pulse-xu (deficient pulse) unless severe pain, then xu and wiry 
Treatment-warm
Shao Yin (related to the Heart and Kidneys) 2 subsections—constant fatigue in either situation
Hot- fever, irritability, insomnia, dry mouth and throat, scanty and dark urine. This is a xu heat, meaning the treatment is nourishing yin and not clearing heat
Cold-frequent urination with clear urine, cold extremities, aversion to cold, perhaps body joint aches and diarrhea. treatment method is warming.
Tongue-Red if hot pattern, pale if cold pattern
Pulse-faint and weak -rapid with heat
Jue Yin (related to the liver and pericardium channels)Primary symptoms-thirst, qi surging into chest with burning pain, hunger with no desire to eat, cold extremities.
heat patterns-diarrhea with burning sensation, rectal heaviness, abdominal cramps, thirst or cold extremities with interior heat
cold patterns- cold limbs, diarrhea with undigested food, vomiting, headaches on vertex, spasm
Upper heat, lower cold-severe vomiting-case relates to roundworms
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2910147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910147" title="Giuseppe Pitrè">
Giuseppe Pitrè

Giuseppe Pitrè (December 21, 1841 – April 10, 1916), the great Italian folklorist was also a medical doctor, professor, and senator in Sicily. As a folklorist he is credited with extending the realm of folklore to include all the manifestations of popular life. He was also a forerunner in the field of medical history.
Pitrè was born in Palermo. After serving as a volunteer in 1860 under Garibaldi, and graduating in medicine in 1866, he threw himself into the study of literature, and wrote the first scientific studies on Italian popular culture, pioneering Italian ethnographic study. He founded the study of "folk psychology", in Sicily, teaching at the University of Palermo.
Between 1871 and 1913, he compiled the "Biblioteca delle tradizioni popolari siciliane" ("Library of Sicilian popular traditions"), a collection of Sicilian oral culture in twenty-five volumes.
Pitrè's "Fiabe, novelle e racconti popolari siciliani" ("Sicilian Fairy Tales, Stories, and Folktales"), 1875, documenting Sicily's rich folkloric heritage derived from both European and Middle Eastern traditions, is the culmination of the great European folklore scholarship that began earlier in the nineteenth century. Against the cultural grain of his times, Pitrè championed the common people of Sicily and their customs, and his scholarship of oral narrative tradition is arguably as significant as that of the Brothers Grimm.
In 1882 Pitrè founded the Archive for the Study of the Popular Traditions, and in 1894 he published a basic bibliography of the Italian popular traditions. Palermo's "Museo Antropologico Etnografico Siciliano" was founded in his memory. Pitrè was made an honorary member of the American Folklore Society in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="2910162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910162" title="Bronchotomy">
Bronchotomy

Bronchotomy is a surgical incision into the throat. Nowadays, such procedures are typically referred to more precisely by the place of incision (i.e. laryngotomy, thyrotomy and tracheotomy).
History.
Asclepiades of Bithynia is credited with being the first person who proposed bronchotomy as a surgical procedure, though he never attempted to perform one. Aretaeus of Cappadocia thought the procedure dangerous even as a remedy for choking, since the resulting incision "would not heal, as being cartilaginous"; Caelius Aurelianus also rejected its usefulness.

</doc>
<doc id="2910175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910175" title="The Outsider (short story)">
The Outsider (short story)

"The Outsider" is a short story by American horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. Written between March and August 1921, it was first published in "Weird Tales", April 1926. In this work, a mysterious man who has been living alone in a castle for as long as he can remember decides to break free in search of human contact and light. "The Outsider" is one of Lovecraft's most commonly reprinted works and is also one of the most popular stories ever to be published in "Weird Tales".
"The Outsider" combines Horror, Fantasy, and Gothic Fiction to create a nightmarish story, containing themes of loneliness, the abhuman, and the afterlife.
Inspiration.
In a letter, Lovecraft himself said that, of all his tales, this story most closely resembles the style of his idol Edgar Allan Poe, writing that it "represents my literal though unconscious imitation of Poe at its very height." The opening paragraphs echo those of Poe's "Berenice", while the horror at the party recalls the unmasking scene in "The Masque of the Red Death".
The story may also have been inspired in part by Nathaniel Hawthorne's "Fragments from the Journal of a Solitary Man", in which a man dreams that he is walking down Broadway in a burial shroud, only understanding the shocked reaction of passersby when he sees his reflection in a shop window.
Another suggested literary model is Mary Shelley's novel "Frankenstein" (1818), in which the creature causes a shock when he enters a cottage: "I had hardly placed my foot within the door before the children shrieked, and one of the women fainted." The monster later looks in a pool of water and sees his reflection for the first time.
Colin Wilson, in "The Strength to Dream" (1961), points to Oscar Wilde's short story "The Birthday of the Infanta", in which a misshapen dwarf is horrified to see his reflection for the first time.
Some critics have suggested that "The Outsider" is autobiographical, and that Lovecraft was talking about his own life when he wrote, "I know always that I am an outsider; a stranger in this century and among those who are still men." "An H. P. Lovecraft Encyclopedia" finds this analysis to be exaggerated, but suggests that the story "may possibly be indicative of HPL's own self-image, particularly the image of one who always thought himself ugly and whose mother told at least one individual about her son's 'hideous' face."
Synopsis.
"The Outsider" is written in the first-person narrative style and details the miserable and apparently lonely life of an individual who appears to have never had contact with another individual. The story begins with this narrator explaining his origins. His memory of others is vague, and he cannot seem to recall any details of his personal history, including who he is or where he is from. The narrator tells of his environment: a dark, decaying castle amid an "endless forest" of high, lightless trees. He has never seen natural light, nor another human being, and he has never ventured from the prison-like home he inhabits. The only knowledge the narrator has of the outside world is from his reading of the "antique books" that line the walls of his castle.
The narrator tells of his eventual determination to free himself from what he sees as an existence within a prison. He decides to climb the ruined staircase of the high castle tower that seems to be his only hope for an escape. At the place where the stairs terminate into crumbled ruin, the narrator begins a long, slow climb up the tower wall, until he eventually finds a trapdoor in the ceiling, which he pushes up and climbs through. Amazingly, he finds himself not at the great height he anticipated, but at ground level in another world. With the sight of the full moon before him, he proclaims, "There came to me the purest ecstasy I have ever known." Overcome with the emotion he feels in beholding what—until now—he had only read about, the narrator takes in his new surroundings. He realizes that he is in an old churchyard, and he wanders out into the countryside before eventually coming upon another castle.
Upon coming to the castle that he finds "maddeningly familiar," the narrator sees a gathering of people at a party within. Longing for some type of human contact, he climbs through a window into the room. Upon his entering, the people inside become terrified. They scream and collectively flee from the room, many stumbling blindly with their hands held over their eyes toward the walls in search of an exit. As the narrator stands alone in the room with the screams of the party vanishing into far away echoes, he becomes frightened at what must be lurking near him. He walks around the room searching for what might be hidden in the shadows but finds nothing. As he moves towards one of the rooms alcoves, he detects a presence and approaches it slowly.
In his shock and surprise, he loses his balance and touches the creature. Horrified, he runs from the building back to his castle, where he tries unsuccessfully to crawl back through the grate into his old world. Cast out of his old existence, the narrator now rides with the "mocking and friendly ghouls on the night wind," forever and officially an outsider since the moment he stretched his fingers towards the creature in the darkness and felt nothing but the "cold and unyielding surface of polished glass," signifying he had touched a mirror.
Prior to telling of how he discovered that the monster was, in fact, himself, the narrator explains that he fled to a valley of the Nile in Egypt, where he exists alongside other outsiders - presumably undead, like himself - and even enjoys something of a social life (for example, a feast beneath one of the Pyramids), although he describes how "nepenthe has calmed me", hinting that he is still trying to forget his haunted past.
Analysis.
Horror historian Les Daniels described "The Outsider" as "arguably the author's finest work".
Though some may contend that Lovecraft's "The Outsider" is purely a horror story, there are predominantly Gothic themes that play significant roles in this short story including loneliness, the abhuman, and the afterlife that take it to a more psychological level.
Loneliness.
The narrator in "The Outsider" exists in a perpetual state of loneliness. At the onset of the story, it is revealed that he has lived for years in the castle but cannot recall any person ever being there except for himself. Neither can he recall the presence of anything alive but the "noiseless rats and bats and spiders" that surround him. He has never heard the voice of another human being, nor has he ever spoken aloud. His only encounters with the outside world are those he attains from reading the old books that have been left within the castle.
Upon encountering humanity later in the story, the narrator is left even more lonely than before. He has come to witness human life and has been immediately shunned from it due to his appearance. Being outcast from the society he longed to know forced the narrator to continue living life as a recluse. However, this time it has been made worse because what he has lost was no longer a vague idea from a book but a tangible thing held out of his grasp.
The abhuman.
In Gothic Fiction, abhuman refers to a "Gothic body" or something that is only vestigially human and possibly in the process of becoming something monstrous, such as a vampire, werewolf, or in this case a walking corpse. Kelly Hurley writes that the "abhuman subject is a not-quite-human subject, characterized by its morphic variability, continually in danger of becoming not-itself, becoming other."
The idea of "becoming other" parallels what is happening in this story. The intensity of the process is heightened because the reader is learning of this transition from human to the abhuman right along with the narrator who is learning it himself.

</doc>
<doc id="2910182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910182" title="Non-economic damages caps">
Non-economic damages caps

Non-economic damages caps are controversial tort reforms to limit ("i.e.", "cap") damages for non-pecuniary harms such as permanent disability, disfigurement, blindness, loss of a limb, paralysis, trauma, or physical pain and suffering. These are, collectively, referred to as hedonic damages. This is opposed to economic damages, which encompasses pecuniary harms such as medical bills, lost wages, and lost future income.
Non-economic damages compensate injuries and losses that are not easily quantified by a dollar amount. Also known as quality-of-life damages, this compensation covers the family of victims who have died, or severely injured victims.
Many states with non-economic damage caps have defined non-economic damages by statute.
State Statutory Definitions and Caps of Non-economic Damages.
In Maryland, non-economic damages are capped at $350,000. In personal injury cases, non-economic damages are defined as "pain, suffering, inconvenience, physical impairment, disfigurement, loss of consortium, or other nonpecuniary injury" . In wrongful death cases non-economic damages are defined as "mental anguish, emotional pain and suffering, loss of society, companionship, comfort, protection, care, marital care, parental care, filial care, attention, advice, counsel, training, guidance, or education, or other noneconomic damages authorized under Title 3, Subtitle 9 of this article." 
In Wisconsin, non-economic damages are capped at $750,000. Non-economic damages means "moneys intended to compensate for pain and suffering; humiliation; embarrassment; worry; mental distress; noneconomic effects of disability including loss of enjoyment of the normal activities, benefits and pleasures of life and loss of mental or physical health, well-being or bodily functions; loss of consortium, society and companionship; or loss of love and affection.".
Michigan normally has a cap of $280,000 for "noneconomic loss," which is defined as "damages or loss due to pain, suffering, inconvenience, physical impairment, or physical disfigurement, loss of society and companionship, whether claimed under section 29222 or otherwise, loss of consortium, or other noneconomic loss. 
However, the cap is increased to $500,000 when the plaintiff is "hemiplegic, paraplegic, or quadriplegic resulting in a total permanent functional loss of 1 or more limbs caused by injury to the brain [or injury to the spinal cord"; or "when the plaintiff has permanently impaired cognitive capacity rendering him or her incapable of making independent, responsible life decisions and permanently incapable of independently performing the activities of normal, daily living"; or "there has been permanent loss of or damage to a reproductive organ resulting in the inability to procreate." 
In West Virginia, non-economic damages are capped at $500,000. Non-economic damages are "(1) Wrongful death; (2) permanent and substantial physical deformity, loss of use of a limb or loss of a bodily organ system; or (3) permanent physical or mental functional injury that permanently prevents the injured person from being able to independently care for himself or herself and perform life sustaining activities."
Efficacy of caps.
Many states have debated, passed legislation or amended their constitutions to create such caps. Former President George W. Bush proposed a nationwide $250,000 cap in medical malpractice cases. In the area of medical malpractice, tort reform advocates claim that insurance premiums would decrease, both making medical care more affordable and eliminating a disincentive for doctors to practice. In contrast, critics contend that high medical malpractice insurance rates are a result of the cyclical nature of the insurance industry, lack of competition, mismanagement of reserves and a decline in investment income. Recent data has indicated that medical malpractice rates are generally no longer rising. In 2011, data pooled from the industry by the publication Medical Liability Monitor indicated that medical malpractice insurance rates had declined for four straight years. The decrease was seen in both states that had enacted tort reform and in states that had not, leading actuaries familiar with the data to suggest that patient safety and risk management campaigns had had a more significant effect. 
There are further disputes over if these caps would reduce overall medical costs for patients at all. A study by the U.S. Congressional Budget Office published in 2004 found that “Malpractice costs account for less than 2 percent of health care spending." However, tort reformists cite other possible effects of limiting tort liability, such as reducing the extent to which physicians practice “defensive medicine” and preventing widespread problems of access to health care.
Fair compensation.
Non-economic damages are the only compensation a jury can provide for the injury itself, as opposed to reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses such as the plaintiff's lost wages, medical bills, and legal fees. This type of compensation is especially important for people who do not work outside the home, like the elderly, children, and homemakers. The "worth" of a homemaker's work inside the home is not easily measured by a dollar amount, and would only be compensated through non-economic damages..
Tort reform supporters argue that it is difficult for juries to assign a dollar value to these losses with the guidance they are normally given. They state that there is no basis for non-economic damages, and uncapped non-economic damages violate the equitable principles of justice by being inherently quite random, because different juries will always come to different results. Because of the highly charged environment of personal injury trials, they fear some unbounded non-economic damage awards. In "Ernst v. Merck", a Texas Vioxx products liability case, the jury issued a verdict of $24 million in compensatory damages, which includes non-economic damages, for a widow of a 59 year old triathlete who died from arrhythmia, or an irregular heartbeat that could have been prevented had Merck provided warnings about the drug. Tort reform supporters point out the widow had not been married a long time, and suggest this award was excessive. 
Tort reform supporters argue that juries give arbitrary non-economic damage awards, but fail to argue that the legislature's assignment of non-economic damage caps is any less arbitrary. Opponents of tort reform would argue that members of the legislature are at a greater risk for assigning arbitrary dollar values to non-economic damages than juries; members of the legislature are not present at trial and do not get to observe evidence, witness testimony, etc.
Opponents of tort reform contend that jurors should assess damages on a case-by-case basis and that damages should not be arbitrarily capped by a legislature.
Constitutionality of caps.
Right to trial by jury.
Opponents of caps on damages argue that caps on the amount of damages jurors can award violate the right to a trial by jury. Because tort law has historically been a question of state law, states have the power to establish a constitutional right to a trial by jury in civil cases. Historically, juries have decided both the question of liability and the question of how much damages to award in tort cases, subject to instructions on the law by a judge. Several state appellate courts that have considered the issue have struck down damages caps as a violation of state constitutions.
Separation of powers.
Some tort reform supporters, such as the conservative Federalist Society, have criticized such decisions as a violation of the concept of separation of powers.
In contrast, critics of caps contend and state courts have held that legislatures violate the principle of separation of powers when they attempt to impose arbitrary damage caps on juries, who function as part of the judicial branch of government. In "Best v. Taylor Machine Works", the Illinois Supreme Court ruled that a $500,000 cap on non-economic damages functioned as a "legislative remittitur" and invaded the power of the judiciary, in violation of the separation of powers clause. The court noted that courts are empowered to reduce excessive verdicts where appropriate in light of the evidence. The cap, however, reduced damages by operation of law, without regard to the specific circumstances of the case.
Equal protection and special legislation.
In 2005, a Wisconsin court ruled that a $350,000 cap on non-economic damages in medical malpractice cases violates the state's equal protection guarantee. In "Ferdon v. Wisconsin Patient's Compensation Fund", the court ruled that there was no rational relationship between the objectives identified by the legislature that were intended to prevent a medical liability crisis in Wisconsin and treating people with more severe injuries and higher non-economic damage awards different from people with lower non-economic damage awards.
The Illinois Supreme Court found in the 1997 case "Best v. Taylor Machine Works" found that a $500,000 cap on noneconomic damages was (in addition to serving as a "legislative remittitur") special legislation that made an arbitrary distinction between those who sustained major noneconomic damages in a single tort versus multiple tortious actions and between those that suffered minor amounts of noneconomic damages versus amounts about the $500,000 cap (such as a plaintiff who becomes permanently disabled).
In the 2010, case "Lebron v. Gottlieb Memorial Hospital", the Illinois Supreme Court ruled that Section 2-1706.5 of Public Act 94-677, which placed caps on non-economic damages in medical malpractice actions, violated the separation of powers clause in the Illinois Constitution and was therefore facially invalid. Additionally, because Public Act 94-677 contains an inseverability provision, the entire Act was held void and invalid in its entirety.

</doc>
<doc id="2910188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910188" title="Cranberry River">
Cranberry River

Several rivers are called Cranberry River:

</doc>
<doc id="2910201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910201" title="Disney's Hollywood Hotel">
Disney's Hollywood Hotel

Disney's Hollywood Hotel is one of two hotels at Hong Kong Disneyland Resort in Penny's Bay, Lantau Island, Hong Kong. It was officially opened on 12 September 2005 at 13:00 HKT along with the resort. It is themed to 1930s Hollywood. The hotel has 600 guestrooms each with the "garden view", the "sea view" or the "park view" that overlooks the Hong Kong Disneyland park.
Theme.
The Garden of the hotel is decorated with a Hollywood theme. Decorations include classic cars from the 1930s, a pavement decorated as a strip of film, names of roads and highways in California, the El Captain sign and even the 'world famous' "HOLLYWOOD HOTEL" sign. The hotel itself has a very art deco style, and is themed to the 1930 golden age of movies. The Hotel is vaguely U shaped. Hidden Mickeys are hidden around the site.
Facilities.
There are five restaurants in the hotel. Chef Mickey (the main restaurant) has an international cuisine buffet, while Hollywood & Dine has quick-service food and beverages. Studio Lounge is a full-service bar with specialty drinks and snacks. The Sunset Terrace opens seasonally, with outdoor BBQ cuisine. The Piano Pool Bar sells drinks to guests sitting around a piano-shaped pool. The Piano Pool also has a side toddler pool, with a slide. 
The hotel also features a complementary children's arcade called Malibu Games, featuring air hockey and hoopshooting, among other things. 
Celebrity Gift sells plush, toys, pins and stationaries.

</doc>
<doc id="2910203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910203" title="Strictly Dancing">
Strictly Dancing

Strictly Dancing is an Australian television show that aired between 2004 and 2005 on ABC TV. Hosted by Paul McDermott, the show is a form of dance competition, with each episode featuring four dance couples from around Australia and New Zealand. The competition has three rounds, each consisting of two similar dance types. The styles range from basic traditionals, such as Cha-Cha and Rumba, to modern styles of Hip-Hop, to strange hybrids.
Competitors are picked via auditioning, which is done around Australia before each season. Chosen competitors are alerted three weeks in advance of their appearance of their dances and competition date (to give all competitors the same amount of time to learn a routine). Whilst the actual show is only a half-hour segment and appears to be live, the creation takes over eight hours and competitors usually have ample time to return home and watch themselves on TV, and as such are made to sign a contract forbidding them from revealing their final position.
Scoring is done by three judges, with the score out of 10 (with up to one decimal place) for each dance, with the average of the three being the score. All scores are then added up. On top of the dance score, the judges award the dances at the end of the show with an X-Factor score. This score has no relation to the technical side of the dancing, but relates to the other factors that improve the dance, such as dancers compatibility or energy. This makes things more interesting as a technically better dance couple may lose to a couple who appeared more captivating or simply 'worked better' together. The winner of the round qualifies for the semi-finals. The winner of the finals receives a cash prize and a flower bouquet. The runners up receive a cash prize of half the first prize amount.
The show has drawn both acclaim and criticism. Traditionalists have criticized the show for its sometimes bizarre dance combinations and newer dances, whereas others praise it for testing out dancers versatility and adaptability to new styles. The show is also regarded to have started a new interest in dancing as a sport, with the Seven Network introducing its own dancing show "Dancing with the Stars", in which celebrities with no dance background are partnered with a professional dancer.
The show features its own house band who play the music to which the dancers perform, with a variety of music being used. Voice-over commentary is provided during the dancing by two commentators, as in sports broadcasting, with a selected highlight being repeated at the end of the round. At the end of each show, the live studio audience is invited to come onto the floor and dance. The show had three seasons, two in 2004 and one 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2910211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910211" title="Fox Valley Technical College">
Fox Valley Technical College

Fox Valley Technical College (also Fox Valley Tech and FVTC) is the technical college for the Appleton, Wisconsin area. It is a member of the Wisconsin Technical College System.
Fox Valley Technical College provides occupational training for specific careers, technical, adult basic education and continuing education, and customized employee training, serving about 50,000 people each year.
The school offers more than 200 associate degree, technical diploma and certificate programs, and instruction related to 20 apprenticeship trades. It has credit transfer agreements with nearly 30 four-year colleges and universities
The main campus is in Appleton with a second campus in Oshkosh. Fox Valley Tech has smaller regional centers in Chilton, Clintonville, Waupaca, and Wautoma.
Accreditation.
Fox Valley Technical College is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission and the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. FVTC maintains its accreditation with the Higher Learning Commission through the Academic Quality Improvement Program (AQIP) process. FVTC has been NCA-accredited since 1970.
History.
Starting in 1912, city vocations schools were formed at six locations (Appleton, Brillion, Kaukauna, Menasha, Neenah, and Oshkosh) in the current district. In 1967, the Wisconsin legislature divided the state into sixteen districts, which led to the formation of Fox Valley Technical Institute (FVTI). In 1987, the college (along with all of the state technical colleges) was renamed and it became known as Fox Valley Technical College.
Recognition.
The school's Association of Information Technology Professionals (AITP) student club has won several national awards at AITP's national convention. FVTC's club competes on equal terms against clubs from major four-year national colleges even though it is a two year community college which only offers Associate's degrees.
FVTC's AITP club won its first national award when it took first place award in Graphic Communications at the 2009 national convention. For 2010, the club won the "Graphics Communications Contest" and "Top Faculty Certification Scores – ACP" categories, finished second against 124 colleges in the "PC Troubleshooting" category, and took third in the "AITP Student Chapter Banner Contest". Fox Valley's AITP club was awarded the "Outstanding AITP Student Chapter of the Year (2008-2009) – Region 5".
In 2011, the club won a first place award for the third straight year. It took first place in the "Professional Banner" category and second place in the "Artistic Banner" category. Club advisor Brenda Wilz was awarded the "2011 AITP Faculty Advisor of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="2910213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910213" title="Holly Tree">
Holly Tree

Holly Tree is a punk band from São Paulo, Brazil, formed by George (vocals and guitar), Tito (bass) and Zé (drums and backing vocals). They started on 1995, rehearsing in a rented basement. In 1996, they record their first EP, "Mom's Tea Party", under a label created by the Holly Tree themselves: Silly Sally Records. The influence of bands such as Rancid, Green Day and some old 70's UK punk makes them influent on Brazil's underground scene, and in 1998 they release their debut album: "Running Out Of Sense", by Silly Sally. In 2000 they play on CBGB and release "Don't Burst Me". In 2001, they took a step forward opening for the Buzzcocks, UK Subs and The Lurkers, and participating into a compilation called Pub Rock Songs, along with three other punk bands. At the end of 2001, Zé lefts the band, and Paul Cooko replaces him on the drums.

</doc>
<doc id="2910217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910217" title="Gravedigger">
Gravedigger

A gravedigger is a cemetery worker responsible for digging a grave prior to a funeral service. If the grave is in a cemetery on the property of a church or other religious organization (part of, or called, a churchyard), gravediggers may be members of the decedent's family or volunteer parishioners. Digging graves has also been one of the traditional duties of a church's sexton. In municipal and privately owned cemeteries, gravediggers may be low-paid, unskilled, and temporary laborers, or they may be well-paid, trained, and professional careerists, as their duties may include landscaping tasks and courteous interactions with mourners and other visitors.
A gravedigger implements a variety of tools to accomplish his primary task. A template, in the form of a wooden frame built to prescribed specifications, is often placed on the ground over the intended grave. The gravedigger may use a sod-cutter or spade to cut the outline of the grave and remove the top layer of sod. Digging the grave by hand usually requires shovels, picks, mattocks, and/or other tools. Cemeteries in industrialized countries may keep a backhoe loader and other heavy equipment, which greatly increases the efficiency of gravedigging.
In many cultures throughout history, gravediggers have been highly marginalized by their societies. In the traditional caste systems of India and medieval Japan, cemetery work has been the responsibility of the lowest castes, considered "unclean" or "untouchable" for their association with death.
Fossors.
Fossor (plural Fossors) or Fossarius (plural Fossarii), from the Latin verb "fodere" 'to dig', referred to grave diggers in the Roman catacombs in the first three centuries of the Christian Era. The determination, from the first days of the Church, of the ecclesiastical authorities to inter the mortal remains of the faithful in cemeteries reserved exclusively to Christians, brought into existence the class of workmen known as fossors. The duties of the Christian fossor corresponded in a general way with those of the pagan "vespillones", but whereas the latter were held in anything but esteem in pagan society (many religions consider corpses, and sometimes anyone who touches them, 'unclean' also in a religious sense), the fossors from an early date were ranked among the inferior clergy of the Church (Wieland, Ordines Minores, 1897).
In the "Gesta apud Zenophilum" by St. Optatus of Mileve, a reference is made to the character of the fossors as an order of inferior clergy. Speaking of the "house in which Christians assembled" at Cirta in the year 303, during the persecution of Diocletian, this writer enumerates first the higher orders of the clergy present, from the bishop to the subdeacons, and then mentions by name the fossors Januarius, Heraclus, Fructuosus, "et ceteris fossoribus". St. Jerome alludes to fossors as clerici, and a sixth-century chronicle edited by Cardinal Mai enumerates the (minor) orders of the clergy as ostiarius, fossorius, lector, etc. At first the fossors seem to have received no regular salary, but were paid by individuals for the work accomplished; with the organization of the Church, however, they appear to have been paid from the common treasury. In the fourth century the corporation of fossors was empowered to sell burial spaces. For example, in the cemetery of St. Cyriacus, two women bought from the fossor Quintus a "bisomus", or double grave, "retro sanctos" (behind and near a martyr's tomb), and there are several other references to this practice.
The corporation of fossors probably did not consist merely of the labourers who excavated the galleries of the catacombs; it also included the artists who decorated the tombs, as appears from another allusion in the "Gesta apud Zenophilum" already cited. According to this authority two fossors were brought before the judge; when interrogated as to their calling, one replied that he was a fossor, the other that he was an "antifex", meaning a painter or sculptor. That indicates that a fossor was in the same class as artists.
Among the representations of fossors in the catacombs the one best known, through Wiseman's "Fabiola", is that of the fossor Diogenes, discovered by Boldetti. The picture, which was seriously damaged in an attempt to remove it from the wall, represents Diogenes with his pick over his right shoulder and a sack, probably containing his midday meal, on his left shoulder, while in his left hand he carries a staff with a light attached. The inscription reads: "DIOGENES FOSSOR, IN PACE DEPOSITVS, OCTABV KALENDAS OCTOBRIS" ("the fossor Diogenes, interred in peace, the eighth day before the calends of October"). The oldest fresco of a fossor, or rather of two fossors, dates from the late second century, is in one of the Sacrament Chapels in the catacomb of St. Callistus. The figures are represented pointing toward three Eucharistic scenes, a reference to another of their duties, which was to exclude unauthorized persons from taking part in the liturgical celebrations held occasionally in the cemeteries in commemoration of martyrs. Representations of fossors are usually near the entrance of the subterranean cemeteries.
Gravediggers in literature.
One of Barbara Paul's novels was titled "First Gravedigger" as an allusion to this scene.
Gravedigging has also been used as a theme in detective and crime fiction. Gravedigger Jones is one of two black detectives featured in the "Harlem cycle" of novels by Chester Himes. His partner in the novels is Coffin Ed Johnson and the pair are often involved in violent confrontations. The timbre of these novels is frequently mordant, and a funeral director is a recurring character.
Hamlet.
Because of their association with the subject of death, gravediggers have made notable appearances in literature. Perhaps the most famous of these occurs during Act 5, Scene 1 of Shakespeare's "Hamlet", where Hamlet and Horatio engage in dialogue with one of the grave-makers (called "First Clown") as he is digging Ophelia's grave. The Gravediggers (or Clowns) make their one and only appearance at the beginning of Act v, Scene i. They enter and begin digging a grave for the newly deceased Ophelia, discussing whether or not she deserves a Christian burial after having killed herself.
When together, the Gravediggers speak mainly in riddles and witty banter regarding death, with the first asking the questions and the second answering.
"and later in the scene:"
Soon, Hamlet enters and engages in a quick dialog with the first Gravedigger. The scene ends with Hamlet's soliloquies regarding the circle of life prompted by his discovery of the skull of his beloved jester, Yorick. The First Clown unearths Yorick's skull, prompting Hamlet to deliver the memorable lines: "Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him, Horatio: a fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy".
Marxism.
In the terminology of Marxism, a rising revolutionary class which is destined to overthrow and supplant an earlier ruling class is often referred to as that earlier class' "gravedigger". Thus, the bourgeoisie's historical role was to act as "the gravedigger of feudalism", but by creating a vast exploited working class which is bound to organise and stage a revolution, the bourgeoisie has inevitably created its own "gravedigger".
This metaphorical use of "gravedigger" is already attested in Karl Marx's own writings, and was continued in the same sense by Lenin, Trotsky and many other Marxist theoreticians and leaders.
Low social status.
In several societies worldwide, gravediggers are often drawn from the lowest social class or caste, and regarded as unclean. In India, gravediggers and related professions have traditionally been drawn from among the Untouchables. In feudal Japan, gravedigging was one of the "unclean" professions historically allotted to the Burakumin class. Other examples can be found in Ancient Egypt and elsewhere.
References.
"The Pappenheimer Family." "World Eras, Vol. 1: European Renaissance and Reformation (1350-1600)". Gale Group, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2910237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910237" title="Egis">
Egis

Egis or EGIS has a variety of meanings, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2910243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910243" title="Gone Again">
Gone Again

Gone Again is an album by Patti Smith, released June 18, 1996 on Arista Records. The production of the record was preceded by the deaths of many of Smith's close friends and peers, including her husband Fred "Sonic" Smith, her brother Todd, Robert Mapplethorpe, Richard Sohl and Kurt Cobain, with whom Smith had sympathized. In addition to this, "Gone Again" also features the last studio performance of Jeff Buckley released before his death less than a year later.
May 13, 1999 "Rolling Stone" magazine placed the album on its list of "The Essential Recordings of the '90s".
Personnel.
Band
With
Additional Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="2910244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910244" title="Mike Minor (actor)">
Mike Minor (actor)

Mike Minor (born Michael Fedderson on 7 December 1940) is an American actor probably best known for his role as Steve Elliott on "Petticoat Junction" (1966–1970).
Early life.
Minor is the son of television producer Don Fedderson.
He began voice lessons in 1953 at the age of 14. His first singing job was at Ye Little Club in Beverly Hills, where he was engaged for two weeks and held over for 10. He attended University High School in Los Angeles and Brown Military Academy in San Diego. Since then he has appeared at Bimbo's in San Francisco, the Rat Fink Room in New York, the Elegante in Brooklyn, Izzy's Supper Club in Vancouver and the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles.
Career.
A recording artist, Minor has made two albums and numerous singles, the latter including the successful "Silver Dollar" and "One Day at a Time".
Minor played the character Steve Elliott on "Petticoat Junction" starting 1966. His character, a pilot, crashed his airplane in Hooterville. Elliott recovered and later married Betty Jo Bradley. Later episodes in the series' run focused on the couple and their daughter Kathy Jo Elliott. The show ended in 1970. It has been erroneously reported in many sources that he sang the series' title song; in fact, it was sung by Curt Massey, the series' music composer who co-wrote the song with Paul Henning.
Among his other television credits are "The Donald O'Connor Show" (1968 version), "The Beverly Hillbillies", "CHiPs", "Vega$", and "L.A. Law".
In 1968, he made his stage debut, playing the romantic lead in "The Impossible Years" with Ozzie and Harriet Nelson.
In the 1970s, Minor took on daytime television; he had some brief roles on "The Edge of Night" and on "As The World Turns". In the 1980s he appeared as Brandon Kingsley on "All My Children" (1980–1982) and as Dr. Royal Dunning on "Another World" (1983–1984).
Personal life.
A natural athlete, Minor's childhood ambition was to be a professional baseball player, but as he matured he switched to golf. He is a member of the Hollywood Hackers, an organization of show-biz golfers who travel around the country playing at choice golf courses and entertaining the spectators. Minor is 6'2", weighs 185 pounds and has brown eyes and hair.
On September 7, 1968, Minor married Linda Kaye Henning, who played Betty Jo on "Petticoat Junction", following a romance that began on the set. A year before their real-life wedding they were married in the television series. Minor has one son by a former marriage. Mike and Linda were divorced after five years. They had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="2910250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910250" title="Phaeoceros">
Phaeoceros

Phaeoceros is a genus of hornworts in the family Notothyladaceae. The genus is global in its distribution. Its name means 'yellow horn', and refers to the characteristic yellow spores that the plants produce in the horn-shaped sporophyte. The genus "Phaeoceros" was first recognized in 1951 by Johannes Max Proskauer. The type species is "Phaeoceros laevis". The genus is distinguished by having yellow spores, different chloroplast structure, relatively less frilliness of the thallus when compared to "Anthoceros", and a relative lack of internal cavities in "Phaeoceros".
The yellow color of the spores is the easiest way to distinguish "Phaeoceros" from the common genus "Anthoceros", which produces spores that are dark brown to black. "Phaeoceros" is often confused with "Anthoceros", and dried plants are particularly difficult to distinguish in, but the two genera can always be recognized, when fertile and mature, by the spores. When sterile, the distinguishing characteristic is the absence of lacunae (gaps within the tissue) within the thallus, which in "Anthoceros" are large and numerous.

</doc>
<doc id="2910252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910252" title="Bryan Adams (ice hockey)">
Bryan Adams (ice hockey)

Bryan William Adams (born March 20, 1977) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing for EHC München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany.
Playing career.
He played a total of eleven games in the National Hockey League for the Atlanta Thrashers over two seasons (1999–2000 and 2000–01) scoring no goals, one assist, one point, and recording two penalty minutes.
He has found greater success in the DEL than the NHL. He joined the Iserlohn Roosters in 2003 and scored 39 goals and added 52 assists for 91 points in 131 games. He later joined Kölner Haie in 2006 where he scored just 9 goals in 50 games, but made 24 assists for 33 points.

</doc>
<doc id="2910265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910265" title="Fuddruckers">
Fuddruckers

Fuddruckers is an American fast casual, franchised restaurant chain that specializes in hamburgers. As of 2011, Fuddruckers had 56 company-operated restaurants and 129 franchises across the United States with one in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada,Dominican Republic, four in Puerto Rico and ten in Saudi Arabia. Company headquarters is in Houston, Texas.
History.
Founding and growth.
Fuddruckers was founded as Freddie Fuddruckers in 1979 by Philip J. Romano in San Antonio, Texas, in a location converted to a restaurant from an old bank. He started the chain because he thought that the "world needed a better hamburger." The Fuddruckers concept was to offer large hamburgers in which the meat was ground on-site and buns were baked on the premises and hamburgers and other dishes were offered with "lots of fresh sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce and vats of cheese sauce." In California, Fuddruckers competed at the high end of the fast food market against chains such as Flakey Jake's, sometimes with head-to-head competitions in places such as Northridge, California. By 1988, there were 150 restaurants in the chain, according to a report in "The New York Times". Romano left the chain in 1988 to found Romano's Macaroni Grill. In an interview, Romano stated that "I just felt I had done all I could for the concept."
Fuddruckers was purchased in November 1998 by Michael Cannon, and later it was purchased by Magic Brands. The restaurant sometimes made controversial decisions; for example, in 2010 it began enforcing a "no-weapons" policy, which insisted that patrons should not carry "visible pistols" unless they were security officials. Laws in some U.S. states allow people to carry guns visibly in public. Fuddruckers management had been concerned that the presence of armed patrons might deter unarmed ones from visiting, but the move caused controversy among pro-gun advocates who threatened to retaliate with boycotts of Fuddruckers restaurants.
Bankruptcy and ownership changes.
The 2008 financial crisis hit the restaurant industry hard, including Fuddruckers. On April 22, 2010, the parent of Fuddruckers, Austin-based Magic Brands LLC, announced plans to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. It originally planned to sell most of its assets, including Fuddruckers and the "Koo Koo Roo" brand eateries, to the Tavistock Group for $40 million. On the same day, the firm announced that 24 Fuddruckers restaurants would be closed.
On June 18, 2010, Tavistock was outbid by Luby's for Fuddruckers' assets at auction, with a $61 million winning bid. A second estimate was that the sale amount was for $63 million. Luby's acquisition of Fuddruckers and Koo Koo Roo was finalized in 2010. During 2011, there were controversies with previous franchise owners regarding the use of the "Fuddruckers" brand name, according to the "Wall Street Journal".
Menu.
The chain offered the "Original Fudds Burger" in various sizes, from 1/3 pound, to 1/2 pound, to 2/3 pound, to 1 pound. The primary focus is on hamburgers, but entrees based on poultry and other alternatives were offered.
The firm in 2006 cooked up a publicity stunt. Foxwood executive sous chef, Scott Ferguson, and Mark Collins made one of the largest commercially available hamburgers — weighing 29.6 pounds and costing US $250 — for the Fuddruckers restaurant in the casino. The burger was 18.5 inches wide and 8 inches tall. According to two sources, this creation was the world's largest commercially available burger in 2006. In 2008, there was a report that the world's biggest burger title shifted to a sports bar in Michigan. The chain experimented with different types of burgers. For example, one restaurant offered an "elk burger", but a food critic writing for "Slate Magazine", visiting a restaurant in Washington, D.C., was disappointed with the taste and described it as looking "completely grey", and complained about the chain's standards of consistency. In 2011, the firm brought back two hamburgers entitled "The Southwest" and the "Swiss Melt" as well as another entitled the "Inferno Burger".
Business.
Headquarters.
The firm has moved its headquarters location several times. Currently, the headquarters is the near northwest district of Houston, Texas. It has been there since the acquisition by Luby's in 2010. From 2005 to 2010, Fuddruckers was headquartered in southwest Austin, Texas; before that, in One Corporate Place in Danvers, Massachusetts; before that, in Beverly, Massachusetts. When it shifted headquarters from the Boston area to Austin in 2005, it spent $1 million and laid off 30 employees which allowed the firm to operate more efficiently, according to chief financial officer Matt Pannek. Within six weeks of the move, the company hired 30 new employees for the Austin headquarters. By September 2005 the company employed 80 people in of space in two temporary offices in the Monterey Oaks Corporate Park in southwest Austin. By December 2005 the company planned to move into about - of space in an adjacent building and turn one of the original Austin facilities into a training center and test kitchen. Pannek said that the central location of the headquarters allows the company to more easily communicate with its franchisees across the United States.
Franchise model.
While some Fuddruckers restaurants are company-owned, the majority are owned by individual franchisees. In 2010, there were 135 franchisee-owned Fuddruckers around the United States. In 2011, Fuddruckers had 200 restaurants throughout North America, of which two-thirds were owned by small business owners and 59 were company-operated locations. Fuddruckers expanded outside of the United States and had branches in several Middle Eastern countries, with the first Middle Eastern location opening in 1994 in Saudi Arabia. Fuddruckers opened restaurants in Argentina in 1988; later, however, sales fell and Fuddruckers left the country. In 2013, Fuddruckers opened its first restaurant in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="2910272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910272" title="Clara Morris">
Clara Morris

Clara Morris (March 17, 1849 – November 20, 1925) (her birth date is sometimes given as 1846/48) was an American actress.
Biography.
Born in Toronto, Canada, her real name was Morrison. She was reared in Cleveland, Ohio, where at the Academy of Music she became a member of the ballet and afterward leading actress.
She went to New York in 1870 as a member of Daly's company. In 1872, she made a sensation in "L'Article 47". Other successes followed and she became known as an actress distinguished for spontaneity and naturalness. She was married to F. C. Harriott in 1874.
For some years after 1885, she devoted herself mainly to literary work, writing: "Little Jim Crow, and Other Stories of Children" (1899); "A Silent Singer" (1899); "Life on the Stage: My Personal Experiences and Recollections" (1901); "A Pasteboard Crown" (1902); "Stage Confidences", (1902); "The Trouble Woman", (1904), fiction; "The Life of a Star", (1906); "Left in Charge", (1907); "New East Lynne", (1908); "A Strange Surprise", (1910); "Dressing Room Receptions", (1911).
In her book "Life on the Stage: My Personal Experiences and Recollections" she recounts her meeting with John Wilkes Booth the assassin of Abraham Lincoln.
Complete blindness overtook her in 1910, and her old age was embittered by poverty. The house in which she had lived for 37 years was sold in 1914, and Morris moved to Whitestone, Long Island.

</doc>
<doc id="2910276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910276" title="Erieye">
Erieye

The Erieye radar system, is an Airborne Early Warning and Control System (AEW&C) developed by Saab Electronic Defence Systems (formerly Ericsson Microwave Systems) of Sweden. It uses active electronically scanned array (AESA) technology. The Erieye is used on a variety of aircraft platforms, such as the Brazilian Embraer E-99 or EMB-145. It has recently been implemented on the Saab 2000 aircraft.
The Erieye Ground Interface Segment (EGIS; not to be confused with the Aegis combat system) is a major component of the software used by the Erieye system.
The radar provides 300 degree coverage and has an instrumental range of 450km and detection range of 350 km in a dense hostile electronic warfare environment—in heavy radar clutter and at low target altitudes. In addition to this, the radar is also capable of identifying friends or foes, and has a sea surveillance mode.
The Erieye system has full interoperability with NATO air defence command and control systems.
History.
In 1985 Ericsson Microwave Systems were contracted by the Swedish Defence Material Administration to develop what would become the PS-890 Erieye AEW radar. In the same year a dummy dual-sided phased array antenna was tested on a twin-engined Fairchild Metro aircraft. In 1987 the Metro aircraft was fitted with the radar system for flight trials. Production of the radar started in 1993 following an order for six radars for the Swedish Air Force for fitment in Saab 340 aircraft. The first two production radars were delivered in 1996.
Design.
The Erieye AEW&C mission system radar is an active, phased-array, pulse-doppler sensor that can feed an onboard operator architecture or downlink data (via an associated datalink subsystem) to a ground-based air defence network. The system employs a large aperture, dual-sided antenna array housed in a dorsal 'plank' fairing. The antenna is fixed, and the beam is electronically scanned, which provides for improved detection and significantly enhanced tracking performance compared with radar-dome antenna systems. Erieye detects and tracks air and sea targets out to the horizon, and sometimes beyond this due to anomalous propagation — instrumented range has been measured at . Typical detection range against fighter-sized targets is approximately , in a 150° broadside sector, both sides of the aircraft. Outside these sectors, performance is reduced in forward and aft directions.
Other system features include:
Adaptive waveform generation (including digital, phase-coded pulse compression); 
Signal processing and target tracking; 
track while scan (TWS); 
low side lobe values (throughout the system's angular coverage); 
low- and medium-pulse repetition frequency operating modes; 
frequency agility; Air-to-air and sea surveillance modes; and 
target radar cross-section display.
The radar operates as a medium- to high-PRF pulse-Doppler, solid-state radar, in E/F-band (3 GHz), incorporating 192 two-way transmit/receive modules that combine to produce a pencil beam, steered as required within the operating 150° sector each side of the aircraft (one side at a time). It is understood that Erieye has some ability to detect aircraft in the 30° sectors fore and aft of the aircraft heading, but has no track capability in this sector.

</doc>
<doc id="2910277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910277" title="Go to the Mirror!">
Go to the Mirror!

"Go to the Mirror!" is a song written by Pete Townshend of The Who. It appears as the fifteenth track on the group's first rock opera, "Tommy" (1969). "Go to the Mirror!" is included on the list of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
About.
It is sung by a doctor who tells Tommy's parents that, after numerous tests, there is nothing medically wrong with him, and his problems, while very real (""He seems to be completely unreceptive / The tests I gave him show no sense at all""), are psychosomatic (""All hope lies with him, and none with me""). However, as they are trying to reach him, Tommy's subconscious is also trying to reach out to them (""See me, feel me / Touch me, heal me"").
In the movie version of "Tommy", the doctor is played by Jack Nicholson.
The song invokes two recurring themes of the album, "See Me, Feel Me", and "Listening to You", which first appear (in lyric form) as the "Christmas" interlude, and is also the song cycle's finale (as part of the track "We're Not Gonna Take It"). This version in "Go to the Mirror!" is sung by Pete Townshend rather than Roger Daltrey. Though Daltrey sings the majority of Tommy's parts, here he has been singing as the Doctor, so Townshend singing as Tommy provides effective contrast.
The original demo Townshend recorded for the song includes one extra verse not used in the final recording, ""I've kicked him, licked him, rubbed him, hit him, loved him / Everything in vain to let him know / I'm here my son, your dad, I wait for your sign / And in my heart frustration overflows."" The song was also to be followed by the 10-second track titled "Success," but it was ultimately dropped.
The repeating chords in this song are E, B, and A. After two lines with those chords, the third line goes from a G#m into a C#m (then two hits on a B chord to end the line.) The fourth and final line of the chorus is almost all an A chords and ends on a B7.
Release.
"Go to the Mirror!" was released as a single in Australia, backed with "I'm Free".

</doc>
<doc id="2910284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910284" title="Araki Murashige">
Araki Murashige

He commanded part of Nobunaga's army in the ten-year siege of the Ishiyama Honganji, but was accused in 1578 of sympathies to the Mōri clan, one of Nobunaga's enemies, by Akechi Mitsuhide. He retreated to Itami and held out there against a one-year siege by the forces of Oda before the castle fell in 1579; Araki escaped, and lived out the rest of his life in obscurity.
There is a semi-legendary tale told about Araki's creative use of a "tessen", or iron fan, in saving his own life. After being accused of treason by Akechi Mitsuhide, Araki was called before his lord, Oda Nobunaga. As was customary, he bowed low over the threshold before entering the room. But he sensed somehow Nobunaga's plan to have his guards slam the "fusuma" sliding doors on him, breaking his neck. Araki placed his fan in the doors' groove, preventing the doors from closing. Nobunaga's plan revealed, Araki's life was spared, with much reconciliation.
His son, raised under his mother's name, was the significant artist Iwasa Matabei. 

</doc>
<doc id="2910292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910292" title="Secondary college">
Secondary college

Secondary college is the common name for government secondary schools in Victoria, Australia. The term arose through the mergers of high schools and technical schools in the late 1980s and mid-1990s, where most government secondary schools were renamed "secondary college". Some schools (such as Balwyn High School and Cobden Technical School) have retained their original names; others have changed their names from "secondary college" to "college" or, rarely, back to "high school".

</doc>
<doc id="2910300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910300" title="Yomogita Station">
Yomogita Station

History.
Yomogita Station was opened on December 5, 1951 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR). Scheduled freight operations were discontinued in October 1968. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. The station has been unattended since December 2001. A new station building (consisting of a waiting room only) was completed in December 2008.
Station layout.
Yomogita Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. The station is unattended, and is managed from Kanita Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2910319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910319" title="Grigore Ureche">
Grigore Ureche

Grigore Ureche (; 1590–1647) was a Moldavian chronicler who wrote on Moldavian history in his "Letopiseţul Ţării Moldovei" ("The Chronicles of the land of Moldavia"), covering the period from 1359 to 1594.
Ureche is the first to assert the existence of the Moldavian language and its Romance character. He also acknowledges the common Roman origin of Moldavians, Wallachians and the Romanians from Transylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="2910321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910321" title="Ivan Kotliarevsky">
Ivan Kotliarevsky

Ivan Petrovych Kotlyarevsky () (, Poltava – , Poltava, Russian Empire, now Ukraine), was a Ukrainian writer, poet and playwright, social activist, regarded as the pioneer of modern Ukrainian literature. Kotlyarevsky was a veteran of the Russo-Turkish War.
Biography.
Kotlyarevsky was born in the Ukrainian city of Poltava in the family of a clerk. After studying at the Poltava Theological Seminary (1780–1789), he worked as a tutor for the gentry at rural estates, where he became familiar with Ukrainian folk life and the peasant vernacular. He served in the Imperial Russian Army between 1796 and 1808 in the Siversky Karabiner Regiment. Kotlyarevsky participated in the Russo-Turkish War (1806–1812) as a staff-captain (something of 1LT or junior CPT) during which the Russian troops laid the siege to the city of Izmail. In 1808 he retired from the Army. In 1810 he became the trustee of an institution for the education of children of impoverished nobles. In 1812, during the French invasion of Imperial Russia he organized the 5th Ukrainian Cossack Regiment in the town of Horoshyn (Khorol uyezd, Poltava Governorate) under the condition that it will be left after the war as a permanent military formation. For that he received a rank of major.
He helped stage theatrical productions at the Poltava governor-general's residence and was the artistic director of the Poltava Free Theater between 1812 and 1821. In 1818 together with Vasyl Lukashevych, V.Taranovsky, and others he was the member of the Poltava Freemasonry Lodge "The Love for Truth" (). Kotlyarevsky participated in the buyout of Mikhail Shchepkin out of the serfdom. From 1827 to 1835 he directed several philanthropic agencies.
The first modern Ukrainian writer.
Ivan Kotlyarevsky's mock-heroic 1798 poem (), is considered to be the first literary work published wholly in the modern Ukrainian language. Although Ukrainian was an everyday language to millions of people in Ukraine, it was officially discouraged from literary use in the area controlled by Imperial Russia. "Eneyida" is a parody of Virgil's "Aeneid", where Kotlyarevsky transformed the Trojan heroes into Zaporozhian Cossacks. Critics believe that it was written in the light of the destruction of Zaporizhian Host by the order of Catherine the Great.
His two plays, also living classics, "Natalka Poltavka" (Natalka from Poltava) and "Moskal-Charivnyk" (The Muscovite-Sorcerer), became the impetus for the creation of the Natalka Poltavka opera and the development of Ukrainian national theater.

</doc>
<doc id="2910322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910322" title="Perfect Stranger (film)">
Perfect Stranger (film)

Perfect Stranger is a 2007 American neo-noir psychological thriller film, directed by James Foley, starring Halle Berry and Bruce Willis in their first film together since 1991's "The Last Boy Scout". It was produced by Revolution Studios for Columbia Pictures.
Plot.
The film opens with reporter Rowena Price (Halle Berry) and researcher Miles Haley (Giovanni Ribisi) going after a conservative senator who has been having secret sexual encounters with his male interns despite his publicly anti-gay agenda. The story is shut down, however, when the source clams up and Rowena's editor, a supporter of the senator, puts a stop to the story. The editor also insists she take a vacation and won't take no for an answer.
While walking home, Rowena meets her childhood friend, Grace Clayton (Nicki Aycox), who seeks her help in taking down Harrison Hill (Bruce Willis), a wealthy advertising executive. Grace gives Rowena her e-mails as proof of their extramarital affair, which Hill recently ended.
A few days later Grace is found dead, leading Rowena to suspect Harrison. With Miles' help Rowena goes undercover as a temp at his company. She flirts with Hill both online and in real life (not realizing the online Hill is actually Miles) but when he catches her snooping, believing her to be a corporate spy, he fires her.
At Miles's apartment, Rowena discovers a shrine to her and explicit pictures of Miles and Grace. Miles arrives home and Rowena confronts him; he defends himself by providing evidence that Hill had access to belladona for poisoning. She goes to the police, who arrest Harrison for the murder of Grace. 
After Hill's conviction, Miles visits Rowena. He then tells her that he knows she is the real killer and has been using this investigation to frame Hill. Rowena flashes back to a memory of her father attempting to molest her, and her mother subsequently bludgeoning him to death with a fireplace poker. A younger Grace watches from her window as they bury his body. Grace has been blackmailing Rowena with this knowledge. Miles describes in detail how she had plotted the murder to end Grace's blackmail and pinned the murder on Hill. Miles asks how she intends to keep him quiet, implying she might sleep with him, since he has long lusted after her. However, Rowena stabs him to death and ransacks the kitchen. She then calls the police, claiming to have been attacked by Miles and that he might have been the real murderer. The film ends with a man looking out of a neighboring window, presumably having witnessed what really happened and hence echoing that the blackmail chain was going to keep continuing as before.
Production.
Some of the scenes were filmed in the new World Trade Center lobby, before its opening in March 2006.
Reception.
"Perfect Stranger" was critically panned, with an 11% positive rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 138 reviews.
Peter Travers of the Rolling Stone said, "Foley fights a losing battle with "Perfect Stranger", a dull, dumb and unforgivably dated thriller, free of thrills and any kind of perfection, save a genius for product placement. Halle Berry and Bruce Willis, forced to compete with blatant plugs for Reebok, Heineken and Victoria's Secret, understandably give up all attempts at acting. Foley merely poses them like spears of prize broccoli. Berry plays a reporter trying to pin a murder on a married ad exec. You guessed it, Willis plays the rich horndog with a jealous wife and a jones for finding fresh meat on Internet chat rooms. That's right, it's a techno thriller that treats the already cliché topic of Web abuse with an idiotic sense of discovery. I won't go on, but the movie does with droning predictability." 
Home media.
"Perfect Stranger" was released on August 21, 2007 on DVD and Blu-ray Disc.
Promotion.
The characters of Grace, Josie, and Mrs. Hill all have blogs dating back to September or October 2006 with YouTube videos of the respective actresses, in character, speaking the text of the entry with minor changes. This is a relatively new form of viral marketing similar to an alternate reality game.

</doc>
<doc id="2910323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910323" title="Tsugaru-Futamata Station">
Tsugaru-Futamata Station

History.
Tsugaru-Futamata Station was opened on October 21, 1958 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR). Scheduled freight operations were discontinued from October 20, 1968. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East.
Station layout.
Tsugaru-Futamata Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. The unattended station building is managed from Kanita Station. The station building also doubles as Michi-no-eki Imabetsu serving vehicular traffic.
Surrounding area.
The station is connected to the Station of the JR Hokkaido Tsugaru-Kaikyō Line (which runs immediately adjacent and parallel to Imabetsu-Futamata by a stairway.

</doc>
<doc id="2910332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910332" title="Wild Rice River (Minnesota)">
Wild Rice River (Minnesota)

The Wild Rice River is a tributary of the Red River of the North in northwestern Minnesota in the United States. It is long. Via the Red River, Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River, it is part of the watershed of Hudson Bay. It is one of two Red River tributaries by its name, the other being the Wild Rice River of North Dakota.
Course.
The Wild Rice flows from Mud Lake in Clearwater County and follows a generally westwardly course through Mahnomen and Norman counties, through the White Earth Indian Reservation and past the towns of Mahnomen, Twin Valley and Hendrum, and just south of Ada, where the nearby headwaters of the Marsh River sometimes act as a distributary to the Red River during periods of high water. In its lower reaches through the Red River Valley, portions of its course have been straightened and channelized.
Tributaries.
The Wild Rice River's largest tributaries are the White Earth River, which joins it near Mahnomen, and the South Branch Wild Rice River, which joins it in its lower course in Norman County; the South Branch rises near Ogema in northwestern Becker County and flows generally westwardly through Clay and Norman counties, past the town of Ulen.

</doc>
<doc id="2910374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910374" title="Charlotte Lucas">
Charlotte Lucas

Charlotte Lucas (born 1976) is an English actress and painter.
Early life.
Born in 1976 into an acting family, Lucas is the granddaughter of Linden Travers, who appeared in Alfred Hitchcock's "The Lady Vanishes" and Guy Leon. Charlotte is the great niece of Bill Travers who appeared in "Born Free". Charlotte's mother is Susan Travers who starred in "Peeping Tom".
Lucas is the second cousin of actresses Penelope Wilton, Bill Travers' son Will, Richard Morant and Anna Massey.
Career.
She is best known for her role as Selena Geeson in "Bad Girls". She also starred in the 2003 film "Oh Marbella!", as well as a number of other TV roles including "EastEnders", "Midsomer Murders", "Doctors", "Not Going Out", and an episode of "Adventure Inc." when filming transferred to the UK for four episodes. Lucas played the role of Mrs Bassat in BBC One's recent adaptation of Daphne du Maurier's, Jamaica Inn.
Lucas attended Drama and Theatre Studies at Birmingham University, before concluding her studies at Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in London. 
Lucas' theatre credits include Red Velvet (Tricycle), Posh (West End and Royal Court Theatre), The Changeling (Young Vic), Yes, Prime Minister (West End), Fast Labour (West Yorkshire Playhouse and Hampstead), World’s End (Trafalgar Studios), Called to Account, Darfur – How Long is Never? and Fabulation (Tricycle), Habeas Corpus (Royal Theatre Northampton), A Thought in Three Parts (BAC) and Sharp Relief and Fen (Salisbury Playhouse).
More recently she starred as Ellen Tree in Indhu Rubasingham’s critically acclaimed production of Red Velvet at St Ann’s Warehouse, New York, following a transfer from the Tricycle Theatre, London in March 2014.
Art.
She paints and her work is currently represented by a London-based art gallery, GV Art, where recent work showcased portraiture.
Coaching & Training.
Lucas recently launched a new venture working with businesses to assist with training and communications, called Red Alert Speech. The company is a joint venture with actress, Celia Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="2910380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910380" title="New England Air Museum">
New England Air Museum

The New England Air Museum (NEAM) is an aerospace museum located at Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks, Connecticut, U.S.A.. The museum consists of three display hangars and has additional storage-only hangars. It houses 66 aircraft, 26 helicopters, a variety of missiles, ejection seats, and other pieces of flight-related equipment. The museum also conducts tours, children's activities, and hosts special events.
Exhibits include the history of Sikorsky Aircraft, computer-based flight simulators, and the 58th Bombardment Wing Memorial's B-29. Additionally, there are exhibits on early French aviation, the Tuskegee Airmen, the Kosciuszko Squadron, and the 57th Fighter Group.
The museum library has books, periodicals, technical manuals and National Air and Space Museum photographs. Additional materials such as photographs, microfilm and movies are cataloged by the Museum.
The museum also restores aircraft on a regular basis, including a Lockheed 10 Electra, a Boeing B-29 Superfortress, and a Gee Bee Model R.
The museum will also be hosting Flight SimCon 2014, a flight simulation conference scheduled to be held there in June 2014.
History.
In 1981, the first current building was built after a tornado destroyed everything at the museum's previous location by Route 75 in 1979. The New England Air Museum has many one-of-a-kind exhibits, including:
Mission.
The mission of the New England Air Museum is "committed to presenting the story of aviation, the human genius that made it possible and the profound effects that it has had on the way in which we live".
Aircraft on exhibit.
, the permanent collection includes (but is not limited to):

</doc>
<doc id="2910385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910385" title="Blown plate glass">
Blown plate glass

Blown plate is one of many types of hand-blown glass. There is a record of blown plate being produced in London in 1620. 
Production.
Blown plate was made by hand-grinding broad sheet glass. As the process was labour-intensive, and expensive, blown plate was mainly used for carriages and mirrors rather than in windows for buildings.
Other methods for making hand-blown glass included: broad sheet, crown glass, polished plate and cylinder blown sheet. These methods of manufacture lasted at least until the end of the 19th century. The early 20th century marked the move away from hand-blown to machine manufactured glass such as rolled plate, machine drawn cylinder sheet, flat drawn sheet, single and twin ground polished plate and float glass.

</doc>
<doc id="2910389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910389" title="Denkou Choujin Gridman">
Denkou Choujin Gridman

, translated into English as "Lightning Superman Gridman", is a Japanese tokusatsu "Giant Hero" series created by Tsuburaya Productions, the producers of Ultraman. The show ran from 1993 to 1994. It was the inspiration and source material for DiC Entertainment's "Superhuman Samurai Syber-Squad". This would be Tsuburaya's last non-Ultra superhero production before "Bio Planet WoO".
Shot on live video, "Gridman" was the first series by Tsuburaya Productions to utilize D-2 digital video for its special effects scenes, allowing for smoother slow-motion photography. Tsuburaya, having switched to digital techniques since then, would continue to use D-2 for all future productions.
Story.
Three computer-savvy kids, Naoto, Yuka and Ippei create their own videogame super-hero, but then discover it possessed by an inter-dimensional police officer, Gridman. Pursuing an evil program called Kahn Digifer, he merges with Naoto and fights Kahn Digifer's digitized monsters (created by social misfit Takeshi) in order to prevent the computerized demon from wreaking havoc on the Human World.
Characters.
Kaijū.
Most are virus monsters created by Takeshi and brought to life by DigiKhanjar to go his bidding
Capabilities.
At giant size, Gridman's specifications are (the Computer World equivalents of): 70 meters in height, 60,000 metric tons in weight, and a flight speed of Mach 25. Gridman's powers include the (fired from the left wrist), the (fired from the back of the left arm), the (fired from both hands), the (generated by the left hand, wielded by the right), the , and the chest-projected (which repairs damaged computer systems). Gridman's Helper Programs manifest as weapons and mecha, all designed by Ippei. Either Ippei or Yuka operate the mechines via videogame control pad. His most prominent Helper Programs are:

</doc>
<doc id="2910405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910405" title="Tsugaru-Imabetsu Station">
Tsugaru-Imabetsu Station

History.
Tsugaru-Imabetsu Station was opened on March 13, 1988. From 2002, only the limited express Hakuchō stops at this station.
Station layout.
Tsugaru-Imabetsu Station has two opposed side platforms serving two tracks. There is no station building, but only a small weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended. It is physically connected to Tsugaru-Futamata Station on the JR East Tsugaru Line by a walkway.

</doc>
<doc id="2910408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910408" title="Rubtsovsk">
Rubtsovsk

Rubtsovsk () is a city in Altai Krai, Russia, located on the Aley River (Ob's tributary) southwest of Barnaul. Population: 167,000 (1975); 111,000 (1959); 38,000 (1939).
History.
It was founded in 1892.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Rubtsovsk serves as the administrative center of Rubtsovsky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as the city of krai significance of Rubtsovsk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the city of krai significance of Rubtsovsk is incorporated as Rubtsovsk Urban Okrug.
Transportation.
The Rubtsovsk Airport is a derelict airfield which is used most commonly by local youth for drag racing.
Cultural references.
Novelist Esther Hautzig recounts her experiences in Rubtsovsk during World War II in "The Endless Steppe."

</doc>
<doc id="2910415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910415" title="Moonlight Serenade (Carly Simon album)">
Moonlight Serenade (Carly Simon album)

Moonlight Serenade is an album by the American singer-songwriter Carly Simon. It is her 22nd studio album (her 29th overall), and her fourth album of pop standards.
Released on July 19, 2005 by Columbia Records, "Moonlight Serenade" debuted at #7 on the Billboard 200, selling 58,000 copies in its first week, and remained on the chart for 10 weeks. It was Simon's first US Top 10 album since "Boys in the Trees" (1978). The album was produced by Richard Perry, with whom Simon had worked with in the 1970s on songs such as "You're So Vain".
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album.
Formats.
The album was released in both regular and DualDisc format, which included an interview with Simon and Perry, as well as surround sound tracks.
Transatlantic concert.
In September 2005, Simon performed two concerts aboard the "Queen Mary 2", on a transatlantic trip from New York to Southampton. A DVD of the concerts was released as A Moonlight Serenade on the Queen Mary 2 on November 22, 2005, and an edited version was broadcast on various PBS stations during their December 2005 pledge drives. Simon performed many songs from the album, along with some of her biggest hits.
Concert tour.
In October 2005, Simon announced her "Serenade Tour" which was to include older hits and songs from "Moonlight Serenade". Her children, Sally Taylor and Ben Taylor, joined her on the tour.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="2910421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910421" title="Mareta West">
Mareta West

Mareta N. West (1915 – 1998) was an American astrogeologist who in the 1960s chose the site of the first manned lunar landing, Apollo 11. She was the first female astrogeologist. Her cremated remains were launched into space.
Early life.
West was born August 9, 1915. She received her bachelor's degree in geology from the University of Oklahoma.
West was a third-generation Oklahoman, her grandparents having moved to Indian Territory in 1889.
Career.
In the 1940s, West worked as a petroleum geologist in the oil and gas industry before becoming the first woman geologist hired by the United States Geological Survey in Arizona. She was the first woman astrogeologist. 
West chose the site of the Apollo 11 first manned lunar landing.
Cremated remains launched into space.
Her cremated remains were launched into space aboard a SpaceLoft-XL rocket on April 28, 2007 as part of the first commercial attempt to launch human remains for lunar "burial". This was a sub-orbital launch, and the cremains were recovered afterwards. They were launched again on August 2, 2008, aboard a Falcon 1 rocket. The intended destination of this flight was low Earth orbit, however the rocket failed two minutes after launch.
External links.
American women scientists

</doc>
<doc id="2910424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910424" title="Jennifer Campbell">
Jennifer Campbell

Jennifer Lynn Campbell (born October 3, 1967) is an American actress and model. Her most memorable performance is from "Seinfeld" Season 4 episode "The Airport", as Tia, the girl in the first class seat with Jerry, as Elaine was stuck in coach. As the character Tia, she was also the Calvin Klein model and central character in "The Pick". Campbell is a former Miss Hawaiian Tropic International (1989).
She was also featured as Sharon in "Love Bites Dog", the second episode from the fourth season of American sitcom "Frasier". Additionally, Jennifer was featured as mountain-reared Lonnie, a new employee at a sporting goods store owned by Alan and Eric Matthews in the TV show "Boy Meets World". She appears in multiple episodes during Season 4 in this role.

</doc>
<doc id="2910429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910429" title="Supply network">
Supply network

A supply network is a pattern of temporal and spatial processes carried out at facility nodes and over distribution links, which adds value for customers through the manufacturing and delivery of products. It comprises the general state of business affairs in which all kinds of material (work-in-process material as well as finished products) are transformed and moved between various value-added points to maximize the value added for customers.
A supply chain is a special instance of a supply network in which raw materials, intermediate materials and finished goods are procured exclusively as products through a chain of processes that supply one another.
In the semiconductors industry, for example, work-in-process moves from fabrication to assembly, and then to the test house. The term "supply network" refers to the high-tech phenomenon of contract manufacturing where the brand owner does not touch the product. Instead, she coordinates with contract manufacturers and component suppliers who ship components to the brand owner. This business practice requires the brand owner to stay in touch with multiple parties or "network" at once.
Resilient supply networks.
A resilient supply network effectively aligns its strategy, operations, management systems, governance structure, and decision-support capabilities so that it can uncover and adjust to continually changing risks, endure disruptions to its primary earnings drivers, and create advantages over less adaptive competitors. Moreover, it has the capability to respond rapidly to unforeseen changes, even chaotic disruption. The resilience of a supply network is the ability to bounce back – and, in fact, to bounce forward with speed, determination and precision. In recent studies, resilience is regarded as the next phase in the evolution of traditional, place-centric enterprise structures to highly virtualized, customer-centric structures that enable people to work anytime, anywhere.
Resilient supply networks should align its strategy and operations to adapt to risk that affects its capacities. There are 4 levels of supply chain resilience. First is reactive supply chain management. Second is internal supply chain integration with planned buffers. Then comes collaboration across extended supply chain networks. Finally is a dynamic supply chain adaptation and flexibility. 
Strategic resilience.
From the strategic resilient viewpoint, a supply network must dynamically reinvent business models and strategies as circumstances change. It is not about responding to a one-time crisis, or just having a flexible supply chain. It is about continuously anticipating and adjusting to discontinuities that can permanently impair the value preposition of a core business with special focus on delivering ultimate customer centricity. Strategic resilience, therefore, requires continuous innovation with respect to product structures, processes, but also corporate behaviour. Renewal can be regarded as the natural consequence of a supply network’s innate strategic resilience. 
Operational resilience.
In terms of operational resilience, the supply networks must respond to the ups and downs of the business cycle or to quickly rebalance product-service mix, processes, and supply chain, by bolstering enterprises agility, flexibility and robustness in the face of changing environments.

</doc>
<doc id="2910432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910432" title="Bob Kuban">
Bob Kuban

Bob Kuban is an American musician and bandleader. Best known for his 1966 #12 pop hit, "The Cheater," Kuban is honored in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's permanent exhibit on one-hit wonders.
Kuban was born in St. Louis, Missouri, and was graduated from the St. Louis Institute of Music. In 1964, he formed the group Bob Kuban and The In-Men. Kuban was both drummer and bandleader. The group was an eight-piece band with horns, somewhat of a throwback for the time, considering that the British Invasion was taking place during that period.
After "The Cheater," Kuban never scored high on the pop charts again - he had two other top 100 hits: "The Teaser" peaked at #70 and a remake of the Lennon–McCartney song "Drive My Car" went to #93 - but he remained a fixture on the St. Louis music scene for decades. Bob Kuban and The In-Men performed for opening ceremonies of Busch Memorial Stadium in St. Louis on May 10, 1966, and The Bob Kuban Brass performed before the last regular-season baseball game there on October 2, 2005.
A spin-off of the group was a band called The Guise, led by In-Men organist and songwriter Greg Hoeltzel. The Guise performed in the 1969 St. Louis premiere of a composition by classical composer Arthur Custer and jazz composer Julius Hemphill entitled "Songs of Freedom, Love, and War."
In an ironic and tragic twist, Walter Scott, frontman for The In-Men and singer of "The Cheater" (whose lyrics speak of the downfall of an unfaithful lover), was murdered in 1983 by his wife's lover, with his wife's collusion.

</doc>
<doc id="2910434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910434" title="Andrew Granville">
Andrew Granville

Andrew James Granville (born 1962) is a British mathematician, working in the field of number theory.
He has been a faculty member at the Université de Montréal since 2002. Before moving to Montreal he was a mathematics professor at University of Georgia (UGA) from 1991 until 2002. He was a section speaker in the 1994 International Congress of Mathematicians together with Carl Pomerance from UGA.
Granville received his Bachelor of Arts (Honours) (1983) and his Certificate of Advanced Studies (Distinction) (1984) from Trinity College, Cambridge University. He received his Ph.D. from Queen's University in 1987 and was inducted into the Royal Society of Canada in 2006.
Granville's work is mainly in number theory, in particular analytic number theory. Along with Carl Pomerance and W. R. (Red) Alford he proved the infinitude of Carmichael numbers in 1994. This proof was based on a conjecture given by Paul Erdős.
In 2008, he won the Chauvenet Prize from the Mathematical Association of America for his paper ""It is easy to determine whether a given integer is prime"". In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="2910436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910436" title="Lawrence Joseph Henderson">
Lawrence Joseph Henderson

Lawrence Joseph Henderson (June 3, 1878, Lynn, Massachusetts – February 10, 1942, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a physiologist, chemist, biologist, philosopher, and sociologist. He became one of the leading biochemists of the early 20th century. His work contributed to the Henderson-Hasselbalch equation, used to calculate pH as a measure of acidity.
Biography.
Lawrence Henderson graduated from Harvard College in 1898 and from Harvard Medical School in 1902, receiving the M.D. (Medical Doctor) degree cum laude.
Then followed two years in chemical research at the University of Strasbourg with advanced scientific training in Franz Hofmeister's physiological laboratory. He became professor of biological chemistry, and later professor of chemistry, in Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts. He was also introduced into philosophy and sociology by faculty members of Harvard University. He established some institutes in Harvard, especially the Fatigue Laboratory for physiological and sociological research on fatigue with the support of the Harvard Business School, and the Harvard Medical School, and he became the director. He served as the first president of the History of Science Society from 1924-5.
Henderson investigated acid-base regulation (1906–1920). He found that acid-base balance is regulated by buffer systems of the blood in complex coordination with respiration, the lung, red blood cells, and with the kidneys. He wrote the Henderson equation in 1908 to describe the use of carbonic acid as a buffer solution. Karl Albert Hasselbalch later expressed the equation in logarithmic terms, creating the Henderson-Hasselbalch equation. In addition, he described blood gas transport and the general physiology of blood as physico-chemical system (1920–1932). He invented and constructed new charts, nomograms, with the help of Maurice d'Ocagne. He introduced nomograms into physiology and biology as well.
The consequental inter-relations of various factors were shown in his book "Blood" in more than one hundred nomograms.
In 1913, Henderson wrote "The Fitness of the Environment," one of the first books to explore concepts of fine tuning in the Universe. Henderson discusses the importance of water and the environment with respect to living things, pointing out that life depends entirely on the very specific environmental conditions on Earth, especially with regard to the prevalence and properties of water. In the book "The Fitness of the Environment" (1913) he wrote we find "an inquiry into the biological significance of the properties of matter" (Henderson). He saw the properties of matter and the course of cosmic evolution intimately related to the structure of the living being and to its activities. He concluded: "the whole evolutionary process, both cosmic and organic, is one, and the biologist may now rightly regard the universe in its very essence as biocentric".
As a sociologist (1932–1942) he applied the functionalism of physiological regulation to the phenomena of social behavior basing on his concept of social systems. He described social systems with the help of the sociology of Vilfredo Pareto. In contrast to Pareto, Henderson applied the concept of social systems to all disciplines that study the meanings communicated in interactions between two or more persons acting in roles or role-sets. Henderson influenced many Harvard sociologists, especially Talcott Parsons, George C. Homans, Robert K. Merton, and Elton Mayo who all became pioneers in sociology or psychology. Henderson was instrumental in promoting Talcott Parsons career at Harvard despite Pitirim Sorokin's opposition. He also discussed intensively with Parsons the methodological chapters of Talcott Parsons "The Structure" of Social Action" (1937) at the time when Parsons was working on the raw manuscript.
Henderson's investigations had their inception and consummation in the philosopher's chair. In spite of his diversity of interests, his work exhibits in retrospect a fundamental unity; his career was largely devoted to the study of the organization of the organism, the universe, and society.

</doc>
<doc id="2910437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910437" title="House of Hell">
House of Hell

House of Hell (House of Hades in the United States) is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson, illustrated by Tim Sell and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 10th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031831-3) and 7th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-417-8). A digital version developed by Tin Man Games is available for Android and iOS.
Creation.
A short version of the adventure was first published in Warlock: The Fighting Fantasy Magazine. It was made up of 185 references. The adventure was modified and expanded for the final book, but a few of the original references were removed.
The American edition of the book, published by Dell Laurel-Leaf, was titled "House of Hades" as the word 'Hell' can be considered a profanity there.
Story.
"House of Hell" is a horror themed book, and one of the few Fighting Fantasy books set on modern day Earth. The player's car breaks down during a rain storm, forcing the player to seek shelter in a nearby mansion. Though this is the only Fighting Fantasy book to employ this type of setting, books such as "Beneath Nightmare Castle" use the horror theme in the more common fantasy setting of Titan.
The player's quest to escape the mansion is hampered by the presence of Satan-worshippers and various demons, though not all are entirely hostile. Much of the gameplay involves searching a series of rooms, most of which bears an obscure religious or satanic titles, including the Shaitan room and the Mammon room. If the reader is to be successful, he must recover a hellfire-forged kris dagger and survive an encounter with the house's Master.
Trivia.
One of the rooms in the upstairs hall of the house has a nameplate with the word ‘Balthus’ written upon it. This name is a direct reference to the main antagonist in the earlier Fighting Fantasy game book The Citadel of Chaos, also written by the same author; Steve Jackson.
Rules.
"House of Hell" uses a Fear score in addition to the usual scores. Every time the player encounters some particularly disturbing event, he must add between 1 and 3 Fear points to his total Fear score. Once the character reaches their maximum score, determined at the beginning of the game, he will quite literally die of fright.
As the book is set on modern day Earth, the reader is unarmed at the start of the book and suffers a Skill penalty until he finds a weapon.
In other media.
In 2010 Superteam Productions announced they are in Pre Production of a motion picture based on the book, the motion picture is co-written by Steve Jackson.
Along with the motion picture there will be an interactive version for Blu-ray and the internet, the official website for the movie is houseofhellmovie.com

</doc>
<doc id="2910440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910440" title="Storytelling (film)">
Storytelling (film)

Storytelling is a 2001 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Todd Solondz. It features original music by Belle & Sebastian, later compiled on an album of the same name. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
The film consists of two stories that are unrelated and have different actors, titled "Fiction" and "Non-Fiction".
"Fiction," starring Selma Blair, is about a group of college students in a creative writing class taught by a professor who has affairs with his students.
"Non-Fiction," starring Paul Giamatti and John Goodman, is about the filming of a high school student and his family through the college application process.
Autobiography.
The original version of the film featured a third story entitled "Autobiography", concerning, among other things, a closeted football player played by actor James van der Beek. The main character has an explicit sex scene with a male partner (Steven Rosen); the entire story was cut from the final version.
Red box controversy.
During the sex scene in the "Fiction" part of the film, a red box was added for the American version of the film, blocking the audience's view of a rough sex scene between Selma Blair and Robert Wisdom. This was used to bend the rules of the MPAA's rating system, allowing the film to obtain the R rating instead of NC-17. The box is not present in the international version of the film, although in the American DVD release, both options are available.

</doc>
<doc id="2910449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910449" title="Noshiro Station">
Noshiro Station

Lines.
Noshiro Station is served by the Gonō Line, and is 3.9 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Higashi-Noshiro Station
Station layout.
Noshiro Station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
Noshiro Station opened on 1 July 1908 as on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). It was renamed to its present name on 1 November 1909. The JGR became the Japanese National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2910462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910462" title="Modern Art Week">
Modern Art Week

The Modern Art Week (or Semana de Arte Moderna, in Portuguese) was an arts festival in São Paulo, Brazil, that ran from February 11 to February 18, 1922. Historically, the Week marked the start of Brazilian Modernism; though a number of individual Brazilian artists were doing modernist work before the week, it coalesced and defined the movement and introduced it to Brazilian society at large. For Brazil, it was as important as the International Exhibition of Modern Art (also known as the Armory Show), held in New York City in 1913, which became a legendary watershed date in the history of American art.
The Week took place at the Municipal Theater in São Paulo, and included plastic arts exhibitions, lectures, concerts, and reading of poems. In its breadth it differed significantly from the Armory Show, with which it is often compared, but which featured only visual art. It was organized chiefly by painter Emiliano Di Cavalcanti and poet Mário de Andrade, in an attempt to bring to a head a long-running conflict between the young modernists and the cultural establishment, headed by the Brazilian Academy of Letters, which adhered strictly to academicism. The event was controversial at best and divisive at worst, with one member of the Academy, Graça Aranha, ostracized for attending. He had opened the week with a conference titled "The aesthetic emotion in modern art". Due to the radicalism (for the times) of some of their poems and music, the artists were vigorously booed and pelted by the audience, and the press and art critics in general were strong in their condemnation (such as in a famous episode by editor, writer and art critic Monteiro Lobato).
The group that took part in the Week, contrary to their initial intentions, did not remain a unified movement. A number of separate groups split off, and the original core members had separated by 1929. Two divisions predominated: the Anthropophagics (cannibalists), led by Oswald de Andrade, wanted to make use of the influence of European and American artists but freely create their own art out of the regurgitations of what they had taken from abroad (thus the term anthropophagy: they would "eat" all influences, digest it, and throw out new things). The Nationalists wanted no foreign influences, and sought a "purely Brazilian" form of art. This group was led by writer Plínio Salgado, who later became a fascist political leader (Brazilian Integralism) and arrested by dictator Getúlio Vargas after a failed coup.
Before the events leading up to 1922, São Paulo was a prosperous but culturally relatively unimportant city. However, the Week established São Paulo as the seat of the new modernist movement, against the far more culturally conservative Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="2910465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910465" title="Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Hong Kong">
Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Hong Kong

Queen Elizabeth Hospital (), QE in short, is a hospital at King's Park in Kowloon, Hong Kong. It was named after Queen Elizabeth II. The hospital is a major hospital in southern Kowloon. This hospital has around 1,800 beds. It has more or less 350 physicians and surgeons. The total number of nurses is approximately 1,000.
The hospital was once the largest general hospital in the Commonwealth.
Description.
Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QEH) was opened in 1963 and it is the major acute general hospital in Kowloon. It has 1,850 beds and 13 clinical departments, and a staff force of 4,600. It serves an effective population of about 900,000 and about one-third of all cancer patients in Hong Kong. It is the largest acute hospital in Hong Kong despite not being a university hospital.
The hospital has a full complement of services including 24-hour Accident and Emergency and specialist services. Clinics are located at three different sites to serve the district. They are the Queen Elizabeth Hospital Specialist Clinic, Yau Ma Tei Polyclinic, and the 'L' Block Clinic.
The hospital provides high-intensity care for all clinical specialties, and a tertiary referral centre for major specialties. It is also a teaching centre for basic and post-graduate training of doctors, nurses and allied health professionals. 
Through its cluster network, the hospital is closely linked with Kwong Wah Hospital and the United Christian Hospital for acute services; as well as Kowloon Hospital and Hong Kong Buddhist Hospital for convalescent rehabilitation and hospice services. Other general and specialty services are supported by Wong Tai Sin Hospital, the East Kowloon Clinic and Pamela Youde Clinic. 
To enhance community participation, an annual health promotion programme and a Patient Resource Centre were established in 1993, giving support to seven self-help patient groups. Successfully organized "Healthwork Campaign" for staff of 28 hotels in Yau Tsim Mong District. Formed partnership programmes with the Hong Kong Hotels Association in 1995/96.
In 1994-96, the hospital completed some major service expansion projects. They include the provision of an Open Heart and Thoracic Surgical Services and an Adolescent Medical Centre. 
A 24-hour multidisciplinary trauma service was introduced in 1995-96, and various patient-centred services re-organisations were introduced. The medical record system and electronic medical record systems were also introduced in phases since 1994. 
Pioneered 2-year training posts of Family Physicians in QEH in July 1996 to promote high quality health care practitioners and expanded into a wider programme with corporate support since 1997. It is now an established mandate for HA.
To meet growing demand for its services, a number of renovation and reconstruction projects were carried out. These include air conditioning for all hospital wards by the end of 1996. With a donation from the Hong Kong Jockey Club, the Jockey Club Institute of Radiotherapy and Oncology, and the Jockey Club Institute of Radiology and Imaging were redeveloped. Redevelopment of the Ambulatory Care Centre with all the specialist clinics and day surgery and rehabilitation services included under one roof was completed by 1997. The new Rehabilitation Block was opened service in 1999, and a new surgical centre with 21 operating theatres opened in 2000.
Scope of service.
Specialties:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="2910478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910478" title="Ikarigaseki Station">
Ikarigaseki Station

History.
Ikarigaseki Station was opened on October 21, 1895 as a station on the Japanese government railway system, which later became a station the Japan National Railways (JNR). It has been unattended since April 1, 1984. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East.
Station layout.
Ikarigaseki Station has a side platform and an island platform serving three tracks. The station building is attended as a simple consignment station, administered by Hirosaki Station, and operated by the Hirakawa city authority, with point-of-sales terminal installed.

</doc>
