<doc id="2859604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859604" title="Cap of Maintenance">
Cap of Maintenance

A Cap of Maintenance is a ceremonial cap of crimson velvet lined with ermine, which is worn or carried by certain persons as a sign of nobility or special honour. It is worn with the high part to the fore, the tapering tail behind. It is often depicted in British heraldry, when it sits atop the usual helm and is blazoned "A chapeau gules turned up ermine", and frequently has the family's usual crest on top of it. 
A Cap of Maintenance is one of the insignia of the British sovereign, and is carried directly before the monarch at the State Opening of Parliament (usually, in recent times, by the Leader of the House of Lords). For their coronation, Kings (including, most recently, George VI) wear the Cap of Maintenance for the journey to Westminster Abbey immediately prior to the service. Queens regnant, on the other hand, have tended to wear an alternative (Elizabeth II wore the George IV State Diadem.) 
In more general terms, the velvet and ermine lining of a crown (or of the coronet of a peer) is itself sometimes called a 'cap of maintenance', and is technically a separate item to the crown itself. According to the "Oxford English Dictionary" a Cap of Maintenance was granted by the Pope to both Henry VII and Henry VIII as a mark of special privilege. 
The origin of this symbol of dignity is obscure. It may have had a purely practical origin being used to help a crown fit more firmly or to protect the head from bare metal on the crown. It is probably connected with the cap of estate or dignity, sometimes also styled Cap of Maintenance, similar in appearance to the above but with two peaks or horns behind, which is borne as a heraldic charge by certain families. (This seems originally to have been a privilege of dukes. Where it is used the crest is placed upon it, instead of on the usual wreath.)
Misuse of the term and confusion as to use.
A number of cities and towns refer to the use of a 'Cap of Maintenance' as worn by a ceremonial officer, most usually a Sword Bearer. These are based most often on a design that is worn by the Swordbearer of the Lord Mayor of the City of London. However, this is called by the City ' a Muscovy Hat' and is a reference to the mediaeval trade with the Baltic; this appeared as the Crest of the City until into the nineteenth century when replaced by a 'Dragon's Wing Charged with the Cross of St George'. 
The confusion as to title stems from references in early borough charters granting the right to use of a ceremonial sword which often mentioned the right to a Cap of Maintenance in addition. However, this meant that the Cap of the royal style should also be carried along with the Sword in civic processions meaning that these symbols, along with a Mace, indicated that the Sovereign's representative was the Mayor. The correct form of use can be seen at the State Opening of Parliament where it is carried alongside the Sword of State in front of the monarch. It would be quite improper for a commoner to actually wear it. In many other towns where the privilege of a Sword was granted by the Crown notably those of York, Bristol, Coventry, Lincoln, Newcastle upon Tyne, Norwich, Worcester, Hereford, Exeter and Hull) the Swordbearer wears a variant copy of the London 'Muscovy Hat', although some wear other sorts of eccentric headgear which they mistakenly also style 'Cap of Maintenance'. In the City of York, a claim that the original medieval Cap of Maintenance is that kept and displayed in the Mansion House; whatever its origin it is in fact a 'Robin Hood' style of cap with ermine trimmings becoming a split peak at the front and was copied from an heraldic drawing and not from a genuine 'Cap of Maintenance. Caps of this style are still worn by the York Swordbearers. The city claims the privilege from King Richard III, (N.B. The Mansion House, York, website claims this from Richard II in 1393 - almost 90 years earlier than Richard III http://www.mansionhouseyork.hostyork.co.uk/DynamicPageT1.asp?PageID=27) who was of the Yorkist dynasty. York incorporates this into its Coat of Arms as a Crest but reverses it so that the tail is the peak facing left, thus further compounding the confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="2859607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859607" title="Centennial High School (Boise, Idaho)">
Centennial High School (Boise, Idaho)

Centennial High School is a four-year public secondary school in Boise, Idaho. Although located in Boise, it is part of the Meridian School District; at the time of its construction, CHS was in unincorporated Ada County. The Meridian district's second of five traditional high schools, Centennial opened in 1987 and serves neighborhoods in northwestern Boise and northeastern Meridian. The centennial of Idaho statehood was observed in 1990.
The school colors of Centennial are maroon and silver and its mascot is a patriot.
Athletics.
Among the largest schools in the state, it competes in athletics in IHSAA Class 5A in the Southern Idaho Conference (5A) (SIC).
State titles.
Boys
(records not kept by IHSAA) never won state as of Oct 2012 http://www.idahopress.com/sports/highschool/baseball/article_ac66d9e2-6576-11df-a4dd-001cc4c002e0.html -->
Girls
Combined
Honors.
Idaho's "Gatorade Players of the Year"

</doc>
<doc id="2859613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859613" title="Uncle Howie Records">
Uncle Howie Records

Uncle Howie Records is a record label owned by rapper Ill Bill, of (the now defunct) Non Phixion. The label was named after Ill Bill's uncle, Howard "Howie" Tenenbaum. Uncle Howie Records started off in 1998 as simple in prints on Non Phixion's 12" singles and now includes acts as Non Phixion, Ill Bill, Sabac Red and DJ Eclipse. They have since signed album/12" deals with underground acts like Q-Unique, Immortal Technique, E-Dot, Steven King and Cyn Roc. Label owner Ill Bill is the brother of underground hip hop musician Necro. Necro himself owns and operates Psycho+Logical-Records, and there have been numerous collaborations between artists of the two companies.

</doc>
<doc id="2859618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859618" title="Gary Lautens">
Gary Lautens

Gary Lautens (November 3, 1928 - February 1, 1992) was a Canadian humourist and newspaper columnist. He wrote for the "Toronto Star" from 1962 until his death.
Born in Fort William, Ontario and raised in Hamilton, Lautens began working for the "Hamilton Spectator" after school and in the summers when he was just 13 years old. He subsequently studied history at McMaster University, where he was editor of the campus newspaper "The Silhouette" from 1948 to 1950.
He subsequently rejoined the "Spectator" in 1950, working as a police reporter, sportswriter and columnist. Fans of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats once burned Lautens in effigy after he had written something unflattering about the team in the newspaper. He met his wife, Jackie, in 1957 when she was a contestant and he was a judge in the annual "Miss Tigercat" pageant.
In 1963 Lautens won the National Newspaper Award for sports writing for a column written for the Hamilton Spectator before he left for The Star. 
In 1962, Lautens was hired by the "Star" to replace Pierre Berton. At the "Star", Lautens became the most widely read columnist in Canada. He also hosted occasional television and radio programming on CBC Television. He was staff writer for many seasons of the iconic CBC series Front Page Challenge, also appearing as a regular guest panellist.
In 1982, Lautens was named managing editor of the "Star", and successfully increased the paper's circulation and profits even in the midst of an economic recession. However, he was replaced as managing editor in 1984 and returned to writing his humour column.
He died on February 1, 1992 of a heart attack. Upon news of Lautens' death, thousands of readers turned up at the "Star" offices, lining up for three days to sign books of condolence.
Lautens published four books during his lifetime, and was twice winner of the Stephen Leacock Medal for Humour. Two further books collecting some of his most popular columns were published posthumously.
His younger brother Trevor Lautens was a long-time columnist for the "Vancouver Sun", and oldest son Stephen Lautens is also a noted Canadian newspaper columnist.

</doc>
<doc id="2859619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859619" title="Methodist Board of Temperance, Prohibition, and Public Morals">
Methodist Board of Temperance, Prohibition, and Public Morals

The Methodist Episcopal Church Board of Temperance, Prohibition, and Public Morals was a major organization in the American temperance movement which led to the introduction of prohibition in 1920. It was headed for many years by Clarence True Wilson.
The Methodist Episcopal Church South had a similar agency called the Board of Temperance and Social Service, with which Bishop James Cannon, Jr. was long associated.
The Board of Temperance, Prohibition and Public Morals constructed the Methodist Building on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC in the 1920s to further increase its influence and lobbying power in public policy matters regarding alcoholic beverages.
After ratification of the Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution established Prohibition, the Methodist Board promoted its aggressive enforcement. It also attempted to eliminate any criticism or opposition to what many called the Noble Experiment. In 1925, it charged that vaudeville acts and comic strips were being used to dispense wet (anti-prohibition) propaganda in New York City, which it called "a foreign city, run by foreigners for foreigners according to foreign ideas."
The Methodist Board was dissolved after a merger of Methodist denominations in the 1960s and the united church created the General Board of Church and Society (GBCS). The 1965 trust contract requires all principal and income from the trust's assets to be used exclusively for "work in the areas of temperance and alcohol problems."
Some United Methodists have pointed out that the GBCS corporation is funding programs on antiwar, environmental, technological, and dozens of other activities unrelated to reducing the consumption of alcohol. GBCS officials respond that they interpret the trust's language to include a variety of social causes.
The GBCS has asked the D.C. Superior Court to ratify its interpretation of the 1965 trust edocument. A trial is scheduled in late 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2859646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859646" title="General Board of Church and Society">
General Board of Church and Society

The United Methodist Board of Church and Society is a general agency of the United Methodist Church. It is one of four international general program boards of The United Methodist Church as set out the "UMC Book of Discipline". The General Board has headquarters on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C. and at the Church Center for the United Nations in New York City. There are five divisions within the GBCS: 
1) Public Witness and Advocacy 
2) Administration 
3) Ministry of Resourcing Congregational Life
4)United Nations Ministry
5) Communications.
The General Secretary of the Board is currently Jim Winkler.
Purpose.
According to the 2004 Book of Discipline, the GBCS's purpose is thus stated:
1002. Purpose - The purpose of the board shall be to relate the gospel of Jesus Christ to the members of the Church and to the persons and structures of the communities and world in which they live. It shall seek to bring the whole of human life, activities, possessions, use of resources, and community and world relationships into conformity with the will of God. It shall show the members of the Church and the society that the reconciliation that God effected through Christ involves personal, social, and civic righteousness.
Spheres of Influence.
There are six stated spheres of influence for the GBCS
1) The Natural World
2) The Nurturing Community
3) The Social Community
4) The Economic Community
5) The Political Community
6) The World Community
See also.
The Methodist Episcopal Church, South's Methodist Board of Temperance, Prohibition, and Public Morals
For More Information.
General Board of Church and Society Website

</doc>
<doc id="2859647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859647" title="Popinjays">
Popinjays

Popinjays were a British indie pop band, active between 1988 and 1994, the majority of whose records were released on the One Little Indian Records label in the UK, and Epic/One Little Indian in the US.
Career.
The band was formed by Wendy Robinson (vocals) and Polly Hancock (vocals, guitar), initially with a drum machine, and a girl called Emma on bass guitar. This line-up recorded their debut "Don't Go Back" EP (released on Big Cat records in August 1988). They then recruited Dana Baldinger, who replaced Emma, and signed to One Little Indian, releasing the "Perfect Dream Home" single. Baldinger left, to be replaced by Anne Rogers. In December 1989, the British music magazine, "NME" reported that the Popinjays, along with others such as Power of Dreams, Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine and The Charlatans, were their pick as 'stars of tomorrow'.
Their debut album "Bang Up To Date With The Popinjays" was issued in April 1990. 1991 saw further line-up changes, with Rogers being replaced briefly by Emma Newton, who was subsequently replaced by ex-Airhead bassist Ben Kesteven, and with drummer, Seamus Feeney, ousting the drum machine, remaining until the band split up in 1994. Emma Newton now plays guitar and sings in her own band 'The Archie Newton Trio'. Polly Hancock went on to become a DJ and photographer.

</doc>
<doc id="2859659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859659" title="Pentagonal prism">
Pentagonal prism

In geometry, the pentagonal prism is a prism with a pentagonal base. It is a type of heptahedron with 7 faces, 15 edges, and 10 vertices.
As a semiregular (or uniform) polyhedron.
If faces are all regular, the pentagonal prism is a semiregular polyhedron, more generally, a uniform polyhedron, and the third in an infinite set of prisms formed by square sides and two regular polygon caps. It can be seen as a truncated pentagonal hosohedron, represented by Schläfli symbol t{2,5}. Alternately it can be seen as the Cartesian product of a regular pentagon and a line segment, and represented by the product {5}x{}. The dual of a pentagonal prism is a pentagonal bipyramid.
The symmetry group of a right pentagonal prism is "D5h" of order 20. The rotation group is "D5" of order 10.
Volume.
The volume, as for all prisms, is the product of the area of the pentagonal base times the height or distance along any edge perpendicular to the base. For a uniform pentagonal prism with edges "h" the formula is
Use.
Nonuniform pentagonal prisms called Pentaprisms are also used in optics to rotate an image through a right angle without changing its chirality.
In polychora.
It exists as cells of four nonprismatic polychora in 4 dimensions:

</doc>
<doc id="2859660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859660" title="Agnolo di Baccio d'Agnolo">
Agnolo di Baccio d'Agnolo

Agnolo di Baccio d’Agnolo was a 16th-century Italian architect. He built the Palazzo Campana in Villa Gaia, Tuscany.

</doc>
<doc id="2859664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859664" title="Cable TV Hong Kong">
Cable TV Hong Kong

Cable TV Hong Kong (Hong Kong Cable/CTVHK, it was formerly known as Wharf Cable Television before on 31 October 1998, is owned and operated by i-CABLE Communications Limited. It is the 1st analogue cable television broadcaster of Hong Kong's 1st ever subscription-based pay television service it was incorporated on 1 January 1992 and officially inaugurated on 31 October 1993 and was operated by ATV and TVB, offering a broad range of information and entertainment to its viewers through over 100 pay television channels, of which 54 are produced by HKCTV.
Broadband service.
i-Cable Communications Ltd provide broadband internet as one of their services.
History.
Wharf Cable Television (1993-1998).
Cable TV Hong Kong was originally known as Wharf Cable Television (WCTV, Chinese: 九倉有線電視) was incorporated on Wednesday, 1 January 1992 with a consortium of ATV and TVB. 
Cable-based transmissions was launched grand opened until officially inaugurated by the 28th Governor of Hong Kong's Christopher Francis Patten and broadcasts from Kowloon Peninsula until broadcast area was only limited to Pearl River Delta area on 31 October 1993 through a microwave-based broadcast system to followed by the first subscriptions in with an initial bouquet of 2 international cable television channels, 6 international cable television channels in television programmes such: drama, entertainment, the world's first 24 hour daily of the Cantonese news channel, movie premiere, music video and children while of 4 national terrestrial television channels in 2 officially language a subsidiary of 2 national terrestrial television stations with an initial 12 television channels
Drama Channel.
Wharf Drama Channel (Chinese: 劇集台) is a 24-hour daily of Cantonese cable drama channel in Hong Kong co-established by ATV & TVB owned by Wharf Cable Television on Channel 5 was officially launched on 31 October 1993 at 2 free-to-air terrestrial television stations such: ATV and TVB dubbed into Cantonese and Chinese subtitle.
Sports Channel.
Wharf Sports Channel Chinese: 體育台) is a 24-hour in daily of English & Cantonese cable sports channel in Hong Kong owned by Wharf Cable Television and ESPN on Channel 6 was officially launched on 31 October 1993 with sport programmes]by the football are 7 national teams such: England (FA), France (FFF), Italy (FIGC), Italy (FIGC), Netherlands (KNVB), Netherlands (KNVB), Spain (RFEF) and Portugal (PFF) a member of UEFA with ESPN International simultaneously by the live broadcast on ESPN with Cantonese and English commentory
Entertainment Channel.
Wharf Entertainment Channel (Chinese: 娛樂台) is a 24-hour in daily of Cantonese cable entertainment channel in Hong Kong owned by Wharf Cable Television on Channel 7 was officially launched on 31 October 1993 with entertainment programmes.
News Channel.
Wharf News Channel (Chinese: 新聞台) is a 24-hour in daily of Cantonese cable news channel with news programmes of 1st 24-hours news service in Hong Kong owned by Wharf Cable Television and Wharf News on Channel 8 was officially launched on 31 October 1993.
News sections are named according to daily time period. (All time HKT)
News anchors are responsible for the casts on the channel and newscaster daily.
Cartoon Channel.
Wharf Cartoon Channel (Chinese: 卡通台) is a 24-hours in daily of Japanese cable cartoon channel owned by Wharf Cable Television on Channel 9 was officially launched on 31 October 1993 with anime and manga cover of Japanese animated television series onward to Japanese cartoon series.
Movies Channel.
Wharf Movies Channel (Chinese: 電影台) is a 24-hour daily of Asian cable movies channel owned by Wharf Cable Television on Channel 10 was officially launched on 31 October 1993 was backed by Shaw Scope and STAR TV Filmed Entertainment and motion pictures studios by Media Asia Distribution.
Music Channel.
Wharf Music Channel (Chinese: 音樂台) is a 24 hours in daily of Cantonese cable music channel owned by Wharf Cable Television on Channel 11 was officially launched on 31 October 1993 with music video over Cantonese became Cantopop,
English News Channel.
Wharf English News Channel (Chinese: 英語新聞台) is a 24-hours daily of English cable news channel with television news of 1st 24-hour news service in Hong Kong]owned by Wharf Cable Television and CNN International News on Channel 12 was officially launched on 31 October 1993 with CNN International News simultaneously by the live broadcast on CNN.
In Hong Kong, it is broadcast live on Wharf Cable Television's CNN International News daily at 24-hours.
Cable TV Hong Kong (1998-present).
Wharf Cable Television (WCTV) officially changed its name to Hong Kong Cable Television (HKCTV, Chinese: 香港有線電視) on Wednesday, 31 October 1998.
In October 2001, Cable TV Hong Kong became the first cable television channel in collaboration with ATV and TVB bringing Hong Kong's the live coverage of the UEFA Euro 2004.
In October 2001, Cable TV Hong Kong became the first cable television channel in collaboration with ATV and TVB bringing Hong Kong's the live coverage of the 2006 FIFA World Cup, 2010 FIFA World Cup and 2014 FIFA World Cup.
In October 2001, Cable TV Hong Kong became the first cable television channel in collaboration with ATV and TVB bringing Hong Kong's the live coverage of the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2016 Summer Olympics.
Having the largest number of subscribers among other subscription television companies in Hong Kong, HKCTV has now become one of the top five media groups in Hong Kong. In particular, HKCTV has a firm establishment in news, movies and sports television programming. As announced in the Financial Summary of i-CABLE Communications Limited of 2004, its sales revenue reaches HK$2,372 million with a profit of HK$296 million.
Ownership.
Hong Kong Cable Television Limited is owned as a subsidiary group of The Wharf (Holdings) Limited, which holds 73.3% of HKCTV's shares. The rest of its ownership lies with public shareholders. It became a public listed company in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since 1999.
Specifically, HKCTV is operated by i-CABLE Communications Limited (I-Cable), one of the non-media conglomerates in Hong Kong. The conglomerate manages the first pay-TV service as well as a well-established broadband Internet access service provider with its Internet Protocol network. I-Cable is now the only integrated communications company in Hong Kong. It owns and runs the second largest two-way broadband network which produces its own media programmes, together with online news and other Internet services.
Target audience.
HKCTV originally targeted the middle-class subscribers who would be willing to pay for a diversified choice of local and international programmes. Afterwards, it adopted a price discrimination marketing scheme charging residents of public estates with lower prices when compared to the private housing residents. Along with lowered prices, subscribers from the working class can also enjoy benefited services that come along with the combo offered, such as cheaper phone line services from Wharf Holdings Limited and broadband internet access services from I-Cable. Occasionally, HKCTV would use "give-away" marketing strategies to attract more subscribers such as its 12th Anniversary combo; subscribers would be gifted with a DVD recorder upon subscription to their combos. These business strategies have successfully increased HKCTV's sales to over 540,000 current subscribers as well as free news (Newsline Express) on Hong Kong's KCRC Railway.
Channels.
HKCTV, producing over 10,000 hours of programming per year, claims to be the largest television programme producer in Hong Kong. It offers around 100 locally produced and international channels featuring news, drama series, movies and documentaries. A variety of fields are covered, including current affairs, science, culture, music, and sports.
News.
i-CABLE News Limited(Cable News Hong Kong) offers four own-made local news channels, including a 24-hour, half-hourly basis news channel. It also has a supplementary channel providing forecast on world weather.
There were previously two channels about traffic updates on Hong Kong Island, Kowloon, Shatin & Tsuen Wan and Tuen Mun Highway. They were stopped broadcasting until the end of July 2009.
Sports.
HKCTV offers numerous sports programmes with the emphasis on top quality football tournaments matches. HKCTV is one of very few broadcasting companies showing the important leagues in Europe; it was even appointed as the official broadcaster of the 2006 FIFA World Cup. HKCTV's leading position in sports programmes is further strengthened by Cable Sports and 6 other sports channels featuring international and national events such as NBA basketball, Premier League, the 10th National Games and soccer betting.
More recently, Cable's sports attractions have been decreased due to its competitor, Now TV having taken the broadcasting rights to many of the channels, such as ESPN and Star Sports. Cable TV won back the broadcasting rights for the Premier League for the next three years starting with the 2010/2011 season.
However, Cable TV announces through IOC that they have the broadcast rights across all media platforms for the Olympic Games in Vancouver in 2010 and London in 2012 in Hong Kong.[http://www.olympic.org/uk/news/media_centre/press_release_uk.asp?id=2262] This is the first time in history that the two free-to-air channels (TVB and ATV) didn't get the broadcast rights. The free-to-air channels and critics have expressed concerns that the Olympic games should be provided to as many audiences as possible. However, Cable TV only has pay TV channels and satellite TV channels currently.
Movies.
Since July 2006, Cable's Movie Channels: HBO, Cinemax have not been presented on its platform anymore, as its main competitor, 現代電視now TV, had gained the exclusive broadcasting rights.
There are currently 4 movie channels, all Cable TV home-made: HMC 1 (Hollywood Movie Channel 1), HMC 2 (Hollywood Movie Channel 2), Movie 1 (Chinese movies) and Movie 2 (foreign language movies other than English).
Specials.
One of the features of HKCTV is its variety of flavours for its viewers when compared to other corporate television channels in Hong Kong. For instance, Channel 18 provides the latest local and international financial information as well as horse racing programmes. To meet the tastes of different members in a family, HKCTV offers family-oriented channels featuring programs concerning entertainment, cartoons, music and trends.
Its International Pack aims to accommodate Hong Kong residents originating overseas. It is an incorporated pack with overseas international channels like Australia Network, NHK World Premium and NHK World TV, Arirang TV, Deutsche Welle-TV and The Filipino Channel. This does not only facilitate the entertainment variety of the above-mentioned viewers but also help to spread the culture of the channels' originated countries.
Operation.
HKCTV is operated through two separate yet complementary networks, namely the wireless Multipoint Microwave Distribution System coaxial network (MMDS) and the wireline Hybrid Fibre coaxial network (HFC). The combined networks serve 1.70 million viewers, which take up 95% of the local households.
MMDS is a programming broadcast through specific transmitters throughout Hong Kong. Broadcast signals are released from the transmitters to various "dishes" which are located on the rooftops of buildings, and are further transmitted to customers' televisions through the in-built coaxial cable.
The hybrid fibre-coaxial network consists of a fibre optic backbone which forms the base of the whole broadcast centre. It develops into smaller "branches" and penetrates into different areas in Hong Kong along the MTR tunnels, ending in customers' homes through the coaxial cable that the MMDS uses. This network enables high capacity which allows HKCTV to house over 31 channels as well as other telecommunication services.
Multi-media service.
Taking the advantage of i-CABLE's comprehensive optical fiber and cord network, the group dived into the swiftly expanding Internet market. Its multi-media service center was found in January 1999 to facilitate the development of the second core business that the group eagerly aims to expand. The group started the dial-up Internet service in March 1999, with subscriptions climbing to 185,000 in October 2000. This huge number took up 10% of the dial-up Internet service market. In March 2000, it further developed into a cable modem-based broadband service. This service proved to be successful when the service crept to the local households at an average rate of 80,000 homes per month, resulting in a total of 700,000 homes by October 2000. It is thus not surprising that the Group has the fastest development in expanding its cable modem service in the world.
The skyhigh-speed broadband network service was presented after the acquisition of the certification of telecommunications service. Its provision of a 24-hour online broadband network service made the surfing speed faster and steadier than the traditional dial-up network. The outstanding basic service construction and sales tactics successfully made the group one of the two main broadband network service suppliers in Hong Kong.
The visual content of HKCTV provides the platform for the multi-media service unit to develop fee-charging portals on news, movies, horse racing, stocks and adult entertainment.21126888.com as well as HKCTV e-Programme Listing were also designed to provide value added services to HKCTV's subscribers and advertisers. Besides, 21126888.com provides an online platform for its advertisers.
Since 2005, the company have also launched its "Multi-Media On Board" (MMOB) service on public transit vehicles. HKCTV's Hong Kong Cable News Express is the sole airtime sales distributor and content provider to KCR Newsline Express. Instant and updated news are broadcast between the various railway notices of KCR journeys through the use of KCR's Passenger Information Display System, also known as PIDS. This further emphasises HKCTV's theme of providing updated news to its viewers, even when its viewers are not sitting in front of a television or computer. This is also a useful marketing tactic to attract more clients to its home subscriptions after experiencing its instantaneous service. Simultaneously, it gains income and reputation from advertisers for interactive advertising in KCR, one of the most essential transport systems in Hong Kong.
Competition and development.
HKCTV is the second subscription-based TV station in Hong Kong apart from the 1957 Rediffusion Television (RTV). Before the liberalisation of the pay-TV market, the market was dominated by HKCTV and iTV, previously a subsidiary of Cable & Wireless HKT, currently owned by PCCW. In 1999, the HKSAR Government invited bids to open up the Pay TV market so as to give consumers more choices. The pay-TV market was officially opened for bid in early July 2000, leading to its expeditious development. Its opening also led to the increase in competitions for programming and market shares, as evidenced in the various extensive use of advertising and propaganda.
According to the Hong Kong Annual Reports 2003- Telecommunications, there were four domestic pay television programme service licensees in Hong Kong:
By the end of 2003, a total of 130 pay TV channels have become available in Hong Kong. The total number of subscribers has exceeded 860,000. With the entry of new competitors such as NOW Broadband TV and TVB Pay Vision, increasing competition is expected in the future Pay-TV market.
Comparatively, HKCTV would have a lower flexibility if compared to its new competitor NOW Broadband TV. This is because HKCTV sells its channels and services to its subscribers through fix-priced packages and the preset and prepaid subscription packages determine the viewers' choice of programmes. On the other hand, NOW Broadband TV's subscribers enjoy greater flexibility in choosing which channels to watch at will on a monthly pay-per-view basis without a need of prior application to the company. Thus, the contract period is shorter and the cost is minimised for users who might not be interested in all the programmes in the offered package. Moreover, subscribers to PCCW's Netvigator broadband services would enjoy certain free trial channels along with their internet service subscription. In this sense, along with the overlapping of numerous incorporated international channels, HKCTV has a less privileged stand in competition since all of its services are only available to its pay-television service subscribers.
Cable TV Awards.
1st Cable TV Awards.
Hosted by Luk Ho-ming (陸浩明) and Ali Lee (李嘉馨)<br>
Best Drama (presented by Wu Yung-hing)
Best Actor (presented by Wu Yung-hing)
Best Actress (presented by Wu Yung-hing)

</doc>
<doc id="2859667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859667" title="Welsh Assembly elections">
Welsh Assembly elections

Since its formation in 1999, there have been four Welsh Assembly elections to the National Assembly for Wales:
The next election is expected to be in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="2859668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859668" title="Hexagonal prism">
Hexagonal prism

In geometry, the hexagonal prism is a prism with hexagonal base. This polyhedron has 8 faces, 18 edges, and 12 vertices.
Since it has eight faces, it is an octahedron. However, the term "octahedron" is primarily used to refer to the "regular octahedron", which has eight triangular faces. Because of the ambiguity of the term "octahedron" and the dissimilarity of the various eight-sided figures, the term is rarely used without clarification.
Before sharpening, many pencils take the shape of a long hexagonal prism.
As a semiregular (or uniform) polyhedron.
If faces are all regular, the hexagonal prism is a semiregular polyhedron, more generally, a uniform polyhedron, and the fourth in an infinite set of prisms formed by square sides and two regular polygon caps. It can be seen as a truncated hexagonal hosohedron, represented by Schläfli symbol t{2,6}. Alternately it can be seen as the Cartesian product of a regular hexagon and a line segment, and represented by the product {6}×{}. The dual of a hexagonal prism is a hexagonal bipyramid.
The symmetry group of a right pentagonal prism is "D6h" of order 24. The rotation group is "D6" of order 12.
Volume.
As in most prisms, the volume is found by taking the area of the base, with a side length of formula_1, and multiplying it by the height formula_2, giving the formula:
formula_3
Symmetry.
The topology of a uniform hexagonal prism can have geometric variations of lower symmetry, including:
As part of spatial tesselations.
It exists as cells of four prismatic uniform convex honeycombs in 3 dimensions:
It also exists as cells of a number of four-dimensional uniform polychora, including: 
Related polyhedra and tilings.
This polyhedron can be considered a member of a sequence of uniform patterns with vertex figure (4.6.2p) and Coxeter-Dynkin diagram . For "p" < 6, the members of the sequence are omnitruncated polyhedra (zonohedrons), shown below as spherical tilings. For "p" > 6, they are tilings of the hyperbolic plane, starting with the truncated triheptagonal tiling.

</doc>
<doc id="2859669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859669" title="Carl Veart">
Carl Veart

Carl Veart (born 21 May 1970 in Whyalla, South Australia, Australia) is a former Australian footballer.
Club career.
He previously played in England for Sheffield United, Crystal Palace and Millwall. During his time at Crystal Palace he earned the affectionate title of "goal machine".
He scored the first ever goal in the newly formed Hyundai A-League against the Newcastle United Jets in a 1–0 opening day victory.
Veart retired from football on 23 May 2007, after Adelaide United's match against Vietnamese team Gach Dong Tam Long An in the AFC Champions League.
He works at Adelaide United, as the Specialist Coach.
International career.
He made his debut for the Socceroos in 1992 and played 18 'A' matches, scoring 7 goals.
Honours.
With Adelaide United:
With Adelaide City:

</doc>
<doc id="2859670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859670" title="Sermons to Young Women">
Sermons to Young Women

Sermons to Young Women (1766), often called "Fordyce's Sermons", is a two-volume compendium of sermons compiled by James Fordyce, a Scottish clergyman, which were originally delivered by himself and others. Fordyce was considered an excellent orator, and his collection of sermons found a ready audience among English clergy and laity alike. It quickly became a staple of many Church and personal libraries.
Fordyce married at the age of 51, about 11 years after publishing his sermons.
In the novel "Pride and Prejudice" by Jane Austen, Mr Collins, a clergyman, attempts to read the book aloud to the women during a visit to the Bennet household. The youngest of the five Bennet daughters, Lydia, interrupts him frequently and eventually stops him from reading the text altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="2859672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859672" title="Damien Sin">
Damien Sin

Damien Sin is a Singaporean author. He has written several books published by the Angsana Books imprint of Flame of the Forest publishers: 
Sin was also the frontman of the band, Fairweather Friends, whose music appeared on various Pony Canyon compilations released in Singapore in the 1990s. As a solo singer-songwriter he has performed at The Substation in Singapore under the name 'The Hardcore Troubadour'.

</doc>
<doc id="2859686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859686" title="Manor of Rensselaerswyck">
Manor of Rensselaerswyck

The Manor of Rensselaerswyck, Manor Rensselaerswyck, Van Rensselaer Manor, or just simply Rensselaerswyck ( ), is the name of a colonial estate—specifically, a Dutch patroonship and later an English manor—owned by the van Rensselaer family that was located in what is now mainly the Capital District of New York in the United States.
The estate was originally deeded by the Dutch West India Company in 1630 to Kiliaen van Rensselaer, a Dutch merchant and one of the company's original directors. Rensselaerswyck extended for miles on each side of the Hudson River near present-day Albany. It included most of what are now the present New York counties of Albany and Rensselaer, as well as parts of Columbia and Greene counties.
Under the terms of the patroonship, the patroon had nearly total jurisdictional authority, establishing civil and criminal law, villages, a church (in part to record vital records, which were not done by the state until the late 19th century). Tenant farmers were allowed to work on the land, but had to pay rent to the owners, and had no rights to property. In addition, the Rensselaers harvested timber from the property.
The patroonship was maintained intact by Rensselaer descendants for more than two centuries. It was split up after the death of its last patroon, Stephen van Rensselaer III in 1839. At his death, van Rensselaer's land holdings made him the tenth-richest American in history to date. The manor was split between Stephen III's sons, Stephen IV and William. Tenant farmers began protesting the feudal system and their anti-rent movement was eventually successful. Stephen IV and William sold off most of their land, ending the patroonship in the 1840s. For length of operations, it was the most successful patroonship established under the West India Company system.
Establishing patroonships.
Upon discovery of the Albany area by Henry Hudson in 1609, the Dutch claimed the area and set up two forts to anchor it: Fort Nassau in 1614 and Fort Orange in 1624, both named for the Dutch noble House of Orange-Nassau. This established a Dutch presence in the area, formally called New Netherland. In June 1620, the Dutch West India Company was established by the States-General and given enormous powers in the New World. In the name of the States-General, it had the authority to make contracts and alliances with princes and natives, build forts, administer justice, appoint and discharge governors, soldiers, and public officers, and promote trade in New Netherland.
In 1630, the managers of the West India Company, in order to attract capitalists to the colony, offered certain exclusive privileges to the members of the company. The terms of the charter stated that any member who founded a colony of fifty adults in New Netherland within four years of the charter's writing would be acknowledged as a patroon (feudal chief) of the territory to be colonized. The only restriction was that the colony had to be outside the island of Manhattan.
To meet such cases, the West India Company adopted the Charter of Freedoms and Exemptions for the agricultural colonization of its American province. The chief features of this charter stated that lands for each colony could extend in length if confined to one side of a navigable river or if both sides were occupied. Additionally, the lands could extend into the countryside and even be enlarged if more immigrants were to settle there.
Each patroon would have the chief command within their respective patroonship, having the sole rights to fish and hunt. If a city were to be founded within its boundaries, the patroon would have the power and authority to establish officers and magistrates. Each patroonship was free of taxes and tariffs for ten years following its founding.
The patroonships were precisely feudal: no colonists of a patroonship could leave the colony during their term of service without the written consent of the patroon, and the West India Company pledged itself to do everything in its power to apprehend and deliver up all fugitives from the patroon's service.
Colonists of a patroonship were limited by the West India Company in some instances. For example, fur trading was illegal for colonists; it was reserved as a Company monopoly. But, patroonships had the right to trade anywhere from Newfoundland to Florida, on the understanding that traders were to stop at Manhattan to possibly trade first with the Dutch.
Each patroon was required to "satisfy the Indians of that place for the land", implying that the land must be bought (or bartered) from the local Indians, and not just taken. Additionally, the Company agreed to defend all colonists, whether free or in service, from all aggressors, and supply the patroonship— for free —"with as many blacks as it possibly can... for longer [a time than it shall see fit".
Founding the Manor.
Kiliaen van Rensselaer, a pearl and diamond merchant of Amsterdam, was one of the original directors of the West India Company and one of the first to take advantage of the new settlement charter. On January 13, 1629, van Rensselaer sent notification to the Directors of the Company that he, in conjunction with fellow Company members Samuel Godyn and Samuel Blommaert, sent Gillis Houset and Jacob Jansz Cuyper to determine satisfactory locations for settlement. This took place even before the Charter of Freedoms and Exemptions was ratified, but was done in agreement with a draft of the Charter from March 28, 1628. On April 8, 1630, a representative for van Rensselaer purchased a large tract of land from its American Indian owners adjacent to Fort Orange, on the west side of the Hudson River. It extended from Beeren Island north to Smack's Island and extended "two day's journey into the interior."
In the meantime, van Rensselaer made vigorous preparations to send out tenants. Early in the spring, several emigrants, with their farm implements and cattle, were sent out from the Netherlands under Wolfert Gerritson, who was designated the overseer of farms. These pioneers of the manor embarked at the island of Texel in the ship "Eendragt", or "Unity", under Captain John Brouwer. In a few weeks, they arrived at Fort Orange and began the development and settlement of the Manor of Rensselaerswyck.
A few weeks after the arrival of the first colonists, the patroon's special agent, Gillis Hassett, secured a grant of land from the Indians, lying mostly to the north of Fort Orange and extending up the river to an Indian structure called Monemins Castle. This was situated on Haver Island at the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson rivers. This and the earlier purchase completed the bounds of the manor on the west side of the Hudson.
Each tenant was required to swear an oath of loyalty to the patroon, without question. The following is the oath stated by each tenant:
At that time, the land on the east side of the river, extending north from Castle Island to the Mohawk River was then the private property of an Indian chief named Nawanemitt. This territory was called "Semesseck" by the Indians, and described in the grant as "lying on the east side of the aforesaid river, opposite the Fort Orange, as well above as below, and from Poetanock, the millcreek, northward to Negagonee, being about twelve miles, large measure."
These purchases took place on August 8, and August 13, 1630, respectively, confirmed by the council at Manhattan, and patents formally issued therefor. Fort Orange and the land immediately around its walls, still remained under the exclusive jurisdiction of the West India Company. It eventually developed as the city of Albany, which was never under the direct dominion of the patroon.
But this large purchase by van Rensselaer excited the jealousy of other capitalists. He soon divided his estate around and near Fort Orange into five shares, in an effort to advance more rapidly the growth of the colony. Two of these shares he retained, together with the title and honors of the original patroon. One share was given to Johannes de Laet, another was given to Samuel Godyn, and the last to Samuel Bloommaert; these three men were influential members of the Amsterdam chamber of the West India Company. On the ancient map of the colony, "Bloommaert's Burt" is located at the mouth of what is now called Patroon Creek. "De Laet's Island" was the original name of van Rensselaer Island, opposite Albany. "De Laet's Burg" equates to Greenbush. "Godyn's Islands" are a short distance below, on the east shore. These three separate patroonships were subsequently purchased and dissolved into Rensselaerswyck proper by 1685.
Government.
The government of the Manor of Rensselaerswyck was vested in a general court, which exercised executive, legislative or municipal, and judicial functions. This court was composed of two commissioners, styled ""Gecommitteerden"", and two councilors, called ""Gerechts-persoonen"", or ""Schepenen"". These last equated to our modern justices of the peace. There was also a colonial secretary, a ""Schout-fiscaal"", or sheriff, and a ""Gerechts-bode"", court messenger or constable.
The magistrates held their offices for a year, the court appointing their successors. The most important office in the colony was the "schout-fiscaal," or sheriff. Jacob Albertsen Planck was the first sheriff of Rensselaerswyck. Arendt van Curler, who immigrated as assistant commissary, was soon after his arrival promoted to commissary-general, or superintendent of the colony. He also served as colonial secretary until 1642, when he was succeeded by Anthony de Hooges.
Culture.
The population of the colony of Rensselaerswyck in its early days consisted of three classes: freemen on top, who emigrated from Holland at their own expense; farmers next; and farm servants sent by the patroon at the bottom of the caste system.
The first patroon judiciously applied his large resources to the advancement of his interests, and was quick to assist people on the estate. He initially defined several farms on both sides of the river, on which he ordered houses, barns, and stables to be erected. The patroon paid to stock these farms with cattle, horses, and sometimes with sheep, and furnished the necessary wagons, plows, and other implements. So the early farmer entered upon his land without being embarrassed by want of capital.
Sustaining the Manor.
History is almost certain that Kiliaen van Rensselaer never visited his land in New Netherland. The "Van Rensselaer Bowier Manuscripts", a collection of translated primary documents from that time, state, 
"The present letters show beyond the possibility of doubt that Kiliaen van Rensselaer did not visit his colony in person between 1630 and 1643, and the records preserved among the Rensselaerswyck manuscripts make it equally certain that he did not do so between the last named date and his death…" Upon van Rensselaer's death in the 1640s, The estate was inherited by his eldest son Jan Baptist, who acquired the title of patroon. He died in 1658 and his younger brother Jeremias van Rensselaer became patroon. Acknowledging the surrender of New Amsterdam and Fort Orange to England in 1664 following a surprise incursion by the English during a time of peace (which led to the Second Anglo–Dutch War), Jeremias took the oath of allegiance to the King of England that October. In 1666, he also built the original Manor House, also known as Fort Crailo for its defensive reinforcement, located north of Fort Orange. The Manor House was the seat of the patroonship and the home of the patroon until 1765.
Jeremias died in 1674 and the estate was passed on to his oldest son, Kiliaen Van Rensselaer, grandson to the first patroon, his namesake. Kiliaen was eleven when his father died. The estate was managed on his behalf, and he did not acquire the title of Lord of the Manor until he was twenty-one.
In 1683, one year before Kiliaen became Lord of the Manor, New York Governor Thomas Dongan established Albany County, one of the original twelve counties in New York. The county was to "containe the Towns of Albany, the Collony Renslaerwyck, Schonecteda, and all the villages, neighborhoods, and Christian Plantacons on the east side of Hudson River from Roelof Jansen's Creeke, and on the west side from Sawyer's Creeke to the Sarraghtoga." In 1685, Governor Dongan granted a patent for Rensselaerswyck, making it a legal entity. The patent included a detailed description of its boundaries, stating:
One year later in 1686, Albany was chartered as a city under the Dongan Charter, authored by Governor Dongan. During Kiliaen's tenure as patroon, he served in many political appointed positions in Albany, including assessor, justice, and supervisor, and represented Rensselaerswyck in the New York General Assembly. In 1704, Kiliaen split Rensselaerswyck into two portions, the southern portion, or "Lower Manor" (comprising Greenbush and Claverack), placed under the eye of his brother Hendrick. The northern portion retained the title Rensselaerswyck.
Hendrick von Rensselaer lived in Albany until a year after receiving the Lower Manor, representing Rensselaerswyck in the General Assembly from 1705 until 1715, just as his brother had from 1693 to 1704.
Kiliaen died in 1719 and the patroonship passed on to his oldest son Jeremias. Jeremias died in 1745 and the estate passed to his brother Stephen. Stephen, sickly at the time, died two years later in 1747 at the age of forty. The estate was passed on to his son, Stephen van Rensselaer II, who was five when his father died. Stephen II was active in the Albany County Militia and active in restructuring loose land leases created by his predecessors. One of his land deals was made in the eastern region of Rensselaerswyck; the Town of Stephentown in southeastern Rensselaer County was named for him. He also rebuilt the Manor House in 1765.
Stephen II died in 1769 at the age of 27 as one of the richest men in the region. The Manor passed on to his eldest son Stephen van Rensselaer III, who was five at the time of his father's death. The estate was controlled by Abraham Ten Broeck until Stephen III's twenty-fifth birthday. Stephen III attended school in Albany and then New Jersey and Kingston during the Revolution. He graduated from Harvard College in 1782.
Stephen von Rensselaer III became well known for his many achievements. In 1825, he was elected Grand Master of the New York State Grand Masonic Lodge. He was elected to the New York State Assembly in 1789 and was re-elected until chosen by the legislature for the New York State Senate in 1791. In 1795 he was elected Lieutenant Governor of New York. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1822, serving until 1829. He was also commissioned a Lieutenant General in the New York State Militia, and led an unsuccessful invasion of Canada at Niagara in the War of 1812. His most lasting achievement was to found, with Amos Eaton, the Rensselaer School, which developed into the present-day Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Anti-rent movement and downfall.
Stephen III lived to be 75, dying in 1839. He is remembered as "The Good Patroon" and also "The Last Patroon" because he was legally the last patroon of Rensselaerswyck. At the time of his death, Stephen III was worth about $10 million (about $88 billion in 2007 dollars) and is noted as being the tenth-richest American in history.
The spectacle of a landed gentleman living in semi-feudal splendor among his 3,000 tenants was an anachronism to a postwar generation that had become acclimated to Jacksonian democracy. Stephen III's leniency toward his tenants had created a serious problem for his heirs. His will directed them to collect and apply the back rents (approximately $400,000) toward the payment of the patroon's debts. As soon as the rent notices went out, the farmers organized committees and held public meetings in protest. Stephen IV, who had inherited the "West Manor" (Albany County), refused to meet with a committee of anti-renters and turned down their written request for a reduction of rents. His brusque refusal infuriated the farmers. On July 4, 1839, a mass meeting at Berne called for a declaration of independence from landlord rule but raised the amount the tenants were willing to pay.
The answer to this proposal was soon forthcoming. The executors of the estate secured writs of ejectment in suits against tenants in arrears. Crowds of angry tenants manhandled Sheriff Michael Archer and his assistants and turned back a posse of 500 men. Sheriff Archer called upon Governor William H. Seward for military assistance. Seward's proclamation calling on the people not to resist the enforcement of the law and the presence of several hundred militiamen overawed the tenants. The tenants persisted in their refusal to pay rent. Of course the sheriff could and did evict a few, but he could not dispossess an entire township.
By 1844 the anti-rent movement had grown from a localized struggle against the van Rensselaer family to a full-fledged revolt against leasehold tenure throughout eastern New York, where other major manors existed. Virtual guerrilla warfare broke out. Riders disguised as Indians and wearing calico gowns ranged through the countryside, terrorizing the agents of the landlords. In late 1844, Governor William Bouck sent three companies of militia to Hudson, where anti-renters threatened to storm the jail and release their leader, Big Thunder (Dr. Smith A. Boughton, in private life). The following year Governor Silas Wright was forced to declare Delaware County in a state of insurrection after an armed rider had killed undersheriff Osman N. Steele August 7, 1845 at an eviction sale.
The anti-renters organized town, county, and state committees, published their own newspapers, held conventions, and elected their own spokesmen to the legislature. The success of candidates endorsed by anti-renters in 1845 caused politicians in both parties to show a "wonderful anxiety" to "give the Anti-renters all they ask." The legislature abolished the right of the landlord to seize the goods of a defaulting tenant and taxed the income which landlords derived from their rent. Shortly thereafter, the Constitutional Convention of 1846 prohibited any future lease of agricultural land which claimed rent or service for a period longer than twelve years. Yet neither the convention nor the legislature was willing to disturb existing leases.
The antirenters played politics with remarkable success in the years between 1846 and 1851. They elected friendly sheriffs and local officials who virtually paralyzed the efforts of the landlords to collect rents. They threw their weight to the candidates of either major party who would support their cause. The bitter rivalries between and within the Whig and Democratic parties enabled the anti-renters to exert more influence than their numbers warranted. As a result, they had a small but determined bloc of anti-rent champions in the Assembly and the Senate who kept landlords uneasy by threatening to pass laws challenging land titles.
The anti-rent endorsement of John Young, the Whig candidate for governor in 1846, proved decisive. Governor Young promptly pardoned several anti-rent prisoners and called for an investigation of title by the Attorney General. The courts eventually ruled the statute of limitations prevented any questioning of the original titles. Declaring that the holders of perpetual leases were in reality freeholders, the Court of Appeals outlawed the "quarter sales," i.e., the requirement in many leases that a tenant who disposed of his farm should pay one-fourth of the money to the landlord.
Assailed by a concerted conspiracy not to pay rent and harassed by taxes and investigations of the Attorney General, the landed proprietors gradually sold out their interests. In August 1845, seventeen large landholders announced that they were willing to sell. Later that year, Steven IV agreed to sell his rights in the Helderberg townships. His brother, William, who had inherited the "East Manor" in Rensselaer County, also sold out his rights in over 500 farms in 1848. Finally, in the 1850s, two speculators purchased the remaining leases from the van Rensselaers.

</doc>
<doc id="2859687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859687" title="Giovanni Antonio Amadeo">
Giovanni Antonio Amadeo

Giovanni Antonio Amadeo (c. 1447 – August 27 or 28, 1522) was an Italian early Renaissance sculptor, architect, and engineer.
Amadeo was born in Pavia. In 1470 he was commissioned by Bartolomeo Colleoni to complete his funerary chapel, the Cappella Colleoni in Bergamo, which had been begun by Guiniforte and Francesco Solari. Amadeo added polychrome decoration and many sculptures in the ancient style including medallions, small columns, busts, reliefs of "Histories from the Old Testament" and "Histories of Hercules". Amadeo also designed the funerary monument to Medea Colleoni, which was intended for the church of Santa Maria della Basella in Urgnano. The condottiero's tomb was realized in collaboration with other artists, with Amadeo providing the reliefs of the lower sarcophagus and of the smaller upper sarcophagus, as well seven statues of the Virtues.
Amadeo was also commissioned by Duke Galeazzo Maria Sforza to work for some years in the Certosa di Pavia. During 1473-1476, Amadeo realized half of the bas-reliefs in the right side of the façade. In 1480 he finished the arch of the Persian Martyrs in the Olivetani Monastery of Cremona (four marble reliefs remain today, dated 1484). Also attributed to him are two statues of Justice and Temperance in Cremona, and reliefs in the National Antiquity Museum of Parma. In 1485 he collaborated with his brother-in-law Pietro Antonio Solari in the Ospedale Maggiore of Milan, a project of which he was made director ten years later.
Amadeo was then active in the decoration of the Milan Cathedral. He collaborated with Donato Bramante on the facade of Santa Maria presso San Satiro in Milan. In 1488 Amadeo was commissioned by Cardinal Ascanio Sforza, the direction of works of the new Pavia Cathedral, again with Bramante having a minor role. In this period he worked also as Ducal engineer for Ludovico il Moro, designing fortifications at Chiavenna and Piattamale, as well as repairing of roads and bridges in Valtellina and (in the 16th century) hydraulic works; for Ludovico he also realized a Loggia in the Ducal Palace of Vigevano, as well as some statues for the Milanese Cathedral. From 1495 Amadeo directed the works of the church of Santa Maria presso San Celso at Milan. From 1497 he directed works at the Milan Cathedral, finishing the tambour in 1500.
In the 16th century, Amadeo designed the church of Santa Maria di Canepanova, also in Pavia. In 1501 he sculpted reliefs with "Stories of the Carthusians" and "life of St. Bruno" for the Certosa of Pavia. In 1982 it has been proven that the Sanctuary of Santa Maria alla Fontana in Milan, attributed for many years to Leonardo da Vinci was in fact designed by Amadeo. In 1508 he also presented a model for the spire of the Milan Cathedral, which was not executed.
To Amadeo has been also attributed the notable façade of the Cathedral of Lugano, considered a masterpiece of Renaissance architecture.
He died in Milan in 1522.

</doc>
<doc id="2859693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859693" title="Dobutamine">
Dobutamine

Dobutamine is a sympathomimetic drug used in the treatment of heart failure and cardiogenic shock. Its primary mechanism is direct stimulation of β1 receptors of the sympathetic nervous system. Dobutamine was developed in the 1970s by Drs. Ronald Tuttle and Jack Mills at Eli Lilly and Company, as a structural analogue of isoprenaline.
Clinical uses.
Dobutamine is used to treat acute but potentially reversible heart failure, such as which occurs during cardiac surgery or in cases of septic or cardiogenic shock, on the basis of its positive inotropic action.
Dobutamine can be used in cases of congestive heart failure to increase cardiac output. It is indicated when parenteral therapy is necessary for inotropic support in the short-term treatment of patients with cardiac decompensation due to depressed contractility, which could be the result of either organic heart disease or cardiac surgical procedures. It is not useful in ischemic heart disease because it increases heart rate and thus increases myocardial oxygen demand.
The drug is also commonly used in the hospital setting as a pharmacologic stress testing agent to identify coronary artery disease.
Adverse effects.
Primary side effects include those commonly seen for β1 active sympathomimetics, such as hypertension, angina, arrhythmia, and tachycardia. Used with caution in atrial fibrillation as it has the effect of increasing the atrioventricular (AV) conduction.
The most dangerous side effect of dobutamine is increased risk of arrhythmia, including fatal arrhythmias.
Pharmacology.
Dobutamine is a direct-acting agent whose primary activity results from stimulation of the β1-adrenoceptors of the heart, increasing contractility and cardiac output. Since it does not act on dopamine receptors to induce the release of norepinephrine (another α1 agonist), dobutamine is less prone to induce hypertension than is dopamine.
Dobutamine is predominantly a β1-adrenergic agonist, with weak β2 activity, and α1 selective activity, although it is used clinically in cases of cardiogenic shock for its β1 inotropic effect in increasing heart contractility and cardiac output. Dobutamine is administered as a racemic mixture consisting of both (+) and (−) isomers; the (+) isomer is a potent β1 agonist and α1 antagonist, while the (−) isomer is an α1 agonist. The administration of the racemate results in the overall β1 agonism responsible for its activity. (+)-Dobutamine also has mild β2 agonist activity, which makes it useful as a vasodilator.
Chemistry.
It is synthesized by the reaction of 2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)ethanamine and 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-3-butanone with a simultaneous reduction of formed imine. The methoxyl-protecting groups of this intermediate are cleaved by hydrogen bromide giving dobutamine.

</doc>
<doc id="2859700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859700" title="St. Francis Preparatory School">
St. Francis Preparatory School

St. Francis Preparatory School, commonly known as St. Francis Prep, is a private, independent Catholic college preparatory school in the Fresh Meadows neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens, in the U.S. state of New York. It is the largest non-diocesan Catholic high school in the United States. St. Francis is run by the Franciscan Brothers, who maintain a residence on the top floor of the school. The school has a student body of about 2,750 students and graduates between 600 and 700 students annually. Under the college preparatory curriculum, over 99 percent of graduating seniors continue on to a higher education.
History.
St. Francis Preparatory originated as St. Francis Academy, a small all-boys high school on 300 Baltic Street in Brooklyn, New York founded by the Order of Servant Franciscans (O.S.F.). The college section became St. Francis College, a private predominantly undergraduate college in Brooklyn Heights. It took its current name in 1935, then moved to a larger facility in Williamsburg, Brooklyn in 1952. The school moved to its current location in Fresh Meadows, Queens in 1974 when it acquired the facility that formerly housed Bishop Reilly High School, a co-educational Catholic high school. The school began admitting female students that same year. There are currently plans to add a three-story addition to the rear of the existing building.
The program will support students interested in the arts.
2009 swine flu outbreak.
On April 24, 2009, New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene dispatched a team of investigators to the school after 150 students complained of symptoms consistent with swine flu. Several of the students had recently traveled to Mexico. Eight of the New York school cases were said to be "probable" swine flu by New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Thomas Frieden on April 25. On April 26 in a 3:00 PM EDT advisory the U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC) confirmed that the Queens cases are indeed associated with the H1N1 virus. The students suffered only mild symptoms, and all have since recovered. On April 27 federal officials confirmed 20 new cases.
Co-curricular activities and athletics.
St. Francis Prep has a rivalry with Holy Cross High School, fueled particularly by their football teams. Known as the "Battle of the Boulevard" due to the two schools being located only 2 miles apart on Francis Lewis Boulevard, the rivalry between the Prep Terriers and the Holy Cross Knights has been called "arguably the greatest rivalry in New York City football."
The St. Francis Prep girl's tennis team has been undefeated for 16 consecutive years, making them 16 time CHSAA champions.
In 2011 the St. Francis Prep Varsity Handball team won their 9th consecutive CHSAA championship (with an undefeated season). In 2011 their Junior Varsity Handball team won their 8th consecutive undefeated championship, (that being their 5th perfect season since 2003).
Other teams include:
Co-curricular clubs include: 

</doc>
<doc id="2859730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859730" title="California State Route 246">
California State Route 246

State Route 246 (SR 246) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California. It runs from Lompoc east to Santa Ynez, cutting through the Santa Barbara Wine Country.
Route description.
Most of the road is two lanes wide, with the exception of the route through the cities of Lompoc and Buellton. This is the primary route from U.S. Route 101 to Solvang, one of the Santa Ynez Valley's biggest tourist attractions. It follows the Santa Ynez River for most of its length. The portion of the route through Solvang is called "Mission Drive", while through Lompoc—where is co-signed with State Route 1—it is called "Ocean Avenue". SR 246 was defined all the way to Surf, but in 1984, it was truncated to SR 1 (known as "H Street" in Lompoc.) SR 246 then leads northeast out of Lompoc along a relatively flat two-lane road until reaching Buellton, where it widens upon its intersection with US 101. It narrows once again to two lanes through Solvang and Santa Ynez before reaching its eastern terminus at the junction with State Route 154. This is the main alternate route from Northern Santa Barbara County to the South Coast, and it is a pleasant drive for those who want to avoid the heavy truck traffic on US 101. It is also notable for passing two of Santa Barbara County's three Spanish-era missions, Santa Inés (in Solvang) and La Purísima Concepción (near Lompoc).
In 1933, this was part of State Route 150, and in 1963, it was part of State Route 154.

</doc>
<doc id="2859734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859734" title="Albert Hensel">
Albert Hensel

Albert Hensel (March 20, 1895 – June 5, 1942) was a German Communist executed under the Nazis. He was a member of the Communist Party of Germany and along with numerous other resistance fighters was executed by the Nazis. Hensel was born in Dresden where he and fellow communist members began their work against the Nazi regime. 
Communism and the Reichstag Fire.
Hitler became agitated by the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) after the Reichstag fire on February 23, 1933. The fire was started by Marinus van der Lubbe who was accused of being one of many communist agitators; however, a trial in March 1933 determined van der Lubbe acted alone. The Reichstag fire caused Hitler to create the Enabling Act which removed habeas corpus and many other civil liberties, providing Hitler with dictatorial control over Germany. Hitler quickly established a plan to execute any person who was working against the Nazi party and twice extended the act beyond its initial 1937 expiration. The Enabling Act also allowed Hitler to rule that all competing political parties of the Nazi regime were illegal. Albert Hensel and his co-conspirators did not have the strength to outwardly fight against Hitler, so they took a secretive approach to resisting. The German police were secretive in their counter efforts as well. The resisters were often not well received by the German populace and had to also hide their actions from them in fear of the citizens informing the police of their actions.
The Resistance.
Most of the resistance’s actions involved industrial sabotage or publications that spoke of overthrowing Hitler and his government while promoting an anti-capitalist state. The KPD published a booklet in 1934 titled, “We are Fighting for a Soviet Germany”. That publication and the regular printing of a KPD newspaper, reasoned that the elimination of capitalism would erase religions and the hatred of religions including anti-Semitism. 
Hensel would also join the Red Front or Rotfrontkämpferbund (RFB, other variants: Der Rote Frontkämpferbund, Roter Frontkämpferbund) (English: Red Front Fighters' League, Red Front Fighters Association) a paramilitary organization of the Communist Party of Germany, created on July 18, 1924 in Germany of the Weimar Republic period. Its first leader was Ernst Thälmann. The Red Front was banned in 1932.
The Dresden activists represented a small minority of the KPD included, Wilhelm Firl (journalist), Otto Gale (cobbler), Franz Hoffman, Kurt Schlosser, and Herbert Blcohwitz (carpenters), Arno Lade (team conductor), Franz Latzel (metal worker), Hans Rothbarth (textile worker), and Hans Daukner (Jewish Gardner).
Members of the Resistance.
The KPD members were predominately made up of the unemployed. Many of its members relied on the group for food, clothing, and housing which may have caused some to become members. The organization promised to pay its members for battling the German Nazis but likely were unable to provide any financial support. The KPD gained significant political power in Germany through the support of Hensel and its other members. At its height in 1933, the KPD held 1/6 of the seats in the German congress. Hensel helped establish the Communist Party of Germany along with Karl Stein, Fritz Shulze and his wife Eva Schulze Knabe, Arno Lade, and Hans Rothbarth were residents of Dresden and all were opponents of the Nazis. Many of them were convicted of treason by the Volksgerichtshof and eventually executed.
Plotzensee Prison.
Hensel was one of over 2500 executions that took place at Plotzensee Prison. Hensel was arrested on February 6, 1941 and remained in custody at Plotzensee for over fourteen months. He was executed on June 5, 1942 at Plotzensee Prison in Berlin after being 
tried and convicted by the Volksgerichtshof. Hensel was executed by either hanging or beheading on June 5, 1942. The cottage where the executions took place is still standing. 
Plotzensee is still operating in Germany. After World War II, the prison was used to house juvenile delinquents until 1987 when the juveniles were housed in a newly built facility nearby. After the juveniles were moved, the prison has been used as a men’s prison which still remains in operation.

</doc>
<doc id="2859749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859749" title="Flood (video game)">
Flood (video game)

Flood is a 1990 platform game developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was published for the Amiga and Atari ST by Electronic Arts. The objective is to collect all the litter and find the exit to the level. The game was not a huge commercial success and contained rather experimental styles of gameplay for its time, as well as a quirky sense of humour.
Background.
The player controls a character named 'Quiffy', who is the last of his race of small green creatures. He lives underground in a series of sewers and tunnels. His mission is to reach the surface by navigating all the sewers, whilst they are slowly flooding. Quiffy can walk on walls and ceilings.
Gameplay.
Quiffy must collect all of the various pieces of litter on the level and then find the exit to complete each level. In general the litter is not particularly hidden, it is just distributed around the level. Quiffy can climb on most walls and ceilings, and swim through water. He has energy which depletes upon touching dangerous objects, but can also die instantly when touching any of the few lethal objects. Although he can swim and has the appearance of an amphibious life-form, he can only breathe above water and will start to drown if he runs out of air.
In each level, you are followed by the ghost of your Aunt Matilda. She copies your movements exactly and starts off about 15 seconds behind you. However, she is very slightly faster than you and will eventually catch up with you. Touching the ghost will hurt Quiffy.
Most of the levels have taps in them, which pour water in to the level. The modelling of the water was quite advanced for a home computer game of its time; the water will flow to the lowest point that it can and when multiple taps are pouring water in one place, it will fill up proportionally fast. A lot of levels feature taps in all areas so the entire level will eventually flood, leaving Quiffy with no available source of air. This aspect is how the game derives its title.
Weapons.
Quiffy starts each level with no weapon, and can pick up any of five available weapons. He can only hold one of these at any time and if he picks up another one, it will swap for the current one.
Enemies.
There are various enemies on each level, some of which have special properties. In general the enemies move around in a specific pattern, and when killed will throw a heart up which will return health to Quiffy.
Reception.
The game was reviewed in 1990 in "Dragon" #164 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 4 out of 5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="2859751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859751" title="Pouch (marsupial)">
Pouch (marsupial)

The pouch is a distinguishing feature of female marsupials (and rarely in the males as in the water opossum and the extinct thylacine); the name marsupial is derived from the Latin "marsupium", meaning "pouch". Marsupials give birth to a live but relatively undeveloped fetus called a joey. When the joey is born it crawls from inside the mother to the pouch. The pouch is a fold of skin with a single opening that covers the nipples. Inside the pouch, the blind offspring attaches itself to one of the mother’s nipples and remains attached for as long as it takes to grow and develop to a juvenile stage.
Variations.
Pouches are different amongst the different marsupials: for example for quolls and Tasmanian Devils, the pouch opens to the rear and the joey only has to travel a short distance to get to the opening (resting place) of the pouch. While in the pouch they are permanently attached to the nipple and once the young have developed they leave the pouch and do not return. The kangaroo's pouch opens horizontally on the front of the body, and the joey must climb a relatively long way to reach it. Kangaroos and wallabies allow their young to live in the pouch well after they are physically capable of leaving, often keeping two different joeys in the pouch, one tiny and one fully developed. In kangaroos, wallabies and opossums, the pouch opens forward or up. In koalas, wombats and marsupial moles, the pouch opens backward or down. Backwards facing pouches would not work well in kangaroos or opossums as their young would readily fall out. Similarly, forward facing pouches would not work well for wombats and marsupial moles as they both dig extensively underground. Their pouches would fill up with dirt and suffocate the developing young one.
Kangaroo mothers will lick their pouches clean before the joey crawls inside. Kangaroo pouches are sticky to support their young joey. Koalas are unable to clean out their pouches since they face backwards. So just prior to giving birth to the young koala joey, a self-cleaning system develops, secreting droplets of an anti-microbial liquid that cleans it out. In a relatively short time, the cleansing droplets clean out all of the crusty material left inside, leaving an almost sterile nursery ready to receive the tiny joey.
Some marsupials (e.g. Phascogales) lack the true, permanent pouches seen in other species. Instead, they form temporary skin folds (sometimes called "pseudo-pouches") in the mammary region when reproducing. [http://www.arkive.org/brush-tailed-phascogale/phascogale-tapoatafa/][http://www.marsupialsociety.org.au/keeping-marsupials-dasyurids.html][http://jeb.biologists.org/content/205/24/3775.full.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="2859771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859771" title="Jamieson, Victoria">
Jamieson, Victoria

Jamieson is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located at the junction of the Goulburn River and Jamieson River, north-east of Melbourne. The name is believed to have been derived from George Jamieson, a shepherd who grazed sheep in the area in the 1850s. At the time of the 2006 census, Jamieson had a population of 259.
The area was first settled in 1860 and by 1861 there were approximately 300 people working the goldfields. The Post Office opened on 18 January 1858.
The town site was surveyed in 1862, and a borough council was established in 1864. By 1865 the town had a Catholic chapel, an Anglican church, a school, a court house and police station, two banks, two insurance offices, five hotels and several stores. Jamieson reached its peak in the 1870s, but a sharp decline soon followed. Most mining operations had ceased by the beginning of the First World War, and Black Friday bushfires destroyed many mine workings in 1939.
By the 1990s, the town had become a popular tourist destination, boosted by Lake Eildon (situated adjacent to the Jamieson township and formed by the damming of the Goulburn River) reaching 100% capacity in 1996. However the tourism industry suffered in the early 2000s following a drought which affected Lake Eildon. The drought has proven to be long term and in March 2007, the capacity of the lake reached a historic low of 7.9%.
Today, Jamieson has a permanent population of around 250. It is a popular destination for four wheel drive enthusiasts, fishers, and amateur gold diggers. It is close to Lake Eildon and the Mount Buller snowfields. The town has two hotels, a caravan park, and several bed and breakfast establishments.
2006-07 Victorian Bushfires.
In December 2006, Victoria's North-East was affected by many bushfires that would threaten to all merge into less, but bigger firefronts. Jamieson was one town at the centre of attention during these times, used as a major post for firefighters and media (Free-to-Air, Pay TV and newspaper journalists were based in the town). Luckily for Jamieson, fire breaks helped the Mount Terrible fire stay away from the town centre. It was also helped by a late Southerly Change that brought rain. However a short distance, both East and South East (Jamieson-Licola and Mansfield-Woods Point Roads) of the town were burnt in the blaze.

</doc>
<doc id="2859777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859777" title="Jonathan Togo">
Jonathan Togo

Jonathan Frederick Togo (born August 25, 1977) is an American actor, best known for his role in "" as Ryan Wolfe.
Early life.
Togo was born in Rockland, Massachusetts, the son of Sheila, a housewife and former visual merchandiser and Michael Togo, a commercial artist and graphic designer who previously worked for the Boston Globe. Sheila Togo now runs a booth at the SoWa Open Market in Boston called Simply Sheila.
Togo's mother is of Italian and Irish descent and his father is Jewish, with the original family surname, "Tonkaviev", shortened by a forefather who wanted something snappier for his carpet business.
He attended Hebrew school as a child and graduated from Rockland High School in 1995, where he was a wrestler. He attended the "Project Contemporary Competitiveness, Advanced Study Program" (a.k.a. PCC ASP) as a student in 1991 and 1992, then worked as a proctor in 1996.
He went on to attend Vassar College, graduating with an B.A. in theater, and furthered his studies at the National Theater Institute of the Eugene O’Neill Theater. While at Vassar he performed in a band named "The El Conquistadors" (originally named Skabba the Hut) with Sam Endicott and John Conway, both of whom are now members of the band The Bravery.
Career.
Togo has performed and participated in numerous plays, including "Our Country's Good". While he is most famous for his role as Ryan Wolfe in "", he has other TV show credits under his belt including a starring role in "Special Unit 2", as well as appearances in "Judging Amy". He also played a store clerk in "Mystic River".
In 2008, Togo wrote and directed a web series, "My Best Friend Is My Penis" for Atom.com.
Togo also starred in a web series called "Casted: The Continuing Chronicles of Derek Riffchyn, Greatest Casting Director in the World. Ever", where he plays the lead role of Derek: a sassy, somewhat abusive, and extremely crass casting director. Togo's real-life best friend Justin Long plays his assistant, Scott. In 2010, he signed on to play twin brothers Richard and Mark (who fall in love with the same woman), in the movie "Identical".
In September 2013, it was announced that Togo will be part of the cast in the fourth season of "Covert Affairs".

</doc>
<doc id="2859781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859781" title="John Ringling">
John Ringling

John Nicholas Ringling (May 31, 1866 – December 2, 1936) is the most well-known of the seven Ringling brothers, five of whom merged the Barnum & Bailey Circus with their own Ringling Brothers Circus to create a virtual monopoly of traveling circuses and helped shape the circus into what it is today. He was inducted into the Florida Artists Hall of Fame in 1987.
Early circus life.
John was born in McGregor, Iowa, the fifth son in a family of seven sons and a daughter born to German immigrants, Marie Salomé Juliar and August Ringling (a farmer and harness maker). The original family name was "Ruengling". Five of those sons worked together to build a circus empire.
The Ringlings started their first show in 1870 as the "The Ringling Brothers United Monster Shows, Great Double Circus, Royal European Menagerie, Museum, Caravan, and Congress of Trained Animals", charging a penny for admission. In 1882, it was known as "The Ringling Brothers Classic and Comic Concert Company".
By 1889, the circus was large enough to travel on railroad cars, rather than animal-drawn wagons. Admission rose to 50 cents for adults and 25 cents for children.
In 1905, John married Mable Burton. In 1907, the brothers bought the Barnum & Bailey circus for $400,000 and ran the two circuses as separate entities for a few years. John worked the circus with his brothers, declaring "We divided the work; but stood together." John took the advance position, traveling ahead and booking the appearances and Charles was the operating manager. The Ringling Brothers Circus was renowned for its honesty and fair-dealing
Building the circus empire.
Ringling's brother Otto died unexpectedly in 1911, and Al died in 1916. It soon was apparent that running two circuses was more than the remaining brothers could handle. So on March 29, 1919, the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus debuted at Madison Square Garden in New York City. The posters declared, "The Ringling Brothers World's Greatest Shows and the Barnum & Bailey Greatest Show on Earth are now combined into one record-breaking giant of all exhibitions!!"
Alfred T. Ringling died in 1919 and Charles took over the management and brought the circus to winter quarters in Sarasota and seven years later, Charles Ringling died in 1926, leaving John to manage the empire.
In 1927 Ringling moved the winter headquarters to Sarasota, Florida, where he and his wife, Mable, had been spending winters since 1909. Property was bought from the city government and shows were put on during the winter for the first time. Mable and John bought bay front property from Mary Louise and Charles N. Thompson, another circus manager who interested all of the Ringlings in land investments at Sarasota. A 30-room mansion inspired by the Venetian Gothic palaces, was designed by New York architect Dwight James Baum, built by Owen Burns, and completed in 1926. It was named Cà d'Zan, "The House of John" in Venetian dialect. Later a museum was built for their art collection. He and his brother, Charles, were instrumental in the modern development of Sarasota. John soon became one of the richest men in the world. His circus travels took him all over Europe, and he established a collection of Baroque art. He also acquired a large collection of work by Peter Paul Rubens, called cartoons.
In 1929, John Ringling bought the American Circus Corporation, which consisted of the Sells-Floto Circus, the Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus, the John Robinson Circus, the Sparks Circus, Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show, and the Al G. Barnes Circus from its owners, Jerry Mugivan, Bert Bowers, and Ed Ballard, for $1.7 million. With that acquisition, Ringling owned every traveling circus in America.
Other businesses and activities.
Ringling was involved in many businesses, including; railroads in Missouri, Montana, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Texas; oil in Oklahoma; real estate in Florida.
Decline in later life.
Ringling’s health soon began to fail and the Great Depression (which gripped the nation almost as soon as he acquired the American Circus Corporation) dealt a severe financial blow to the John Ringling empire. He lost virtually his entire fortune, but was able to retain his home, the museum, and his extensive art collection. His wife, Mable, died in June 1929 and he remarried on June 19, 1930 to Emily Haag Buck in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Ringling was voted out of control of the business in 1932 by its board of directors and Sam Gumpertz was placed in corporation.
John and Emily Haag Buck divorced on July 6, 1936.
Death.
John Ringling died on December 2, 1936 in New York City Once one of the world's wealthiest men, he died with only $311 in the bank. At his death, he willed his Sarasota mansion, the museum, and his entire art collection to the state of Florida. The house, Cà d'Zan, and the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art offer visitors a glimpse into the lifestyle of the Roaring 20s and a renowned art collection. Another of John’s legacies is the Ringling College of Art and Design, which asked to adopt his name because of the cultural influence of the museum and its collection. A museum devoted to the Ringling Brothers Circus has been established on the estate also.
After his death, the circus was operated by his nephew, John Ringling North, who sold the circus to the Feld family in 1967.
The Ringling family.
There were seven Ringling brothers and one sister (Ida), four of them (Alf, Al, Charles, and Otto) partnered with John to create the Ringling Bros. circus:

</doc>
<doc id="2859793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859793" title="Carver (Nip/Tuck)">
Carver (Nip/Tuck)

The Carver is a fictional character on the television show "Nip/Tuck." Introduced during the second season, he became the primary antagonist of the third season.
Background.
The Carver is introduced in the episode "Naomi Gaines" as a masked serial rapist who disfigures, rapes, and/or kills his victims, though he has killed only one victim: Rhea Reynolds, a woman who faked being attacked by the Carver so she could get free plastic surgery. He becomes upset after Sean McNamara performs corrective plastic surgery on one of his victims. He attacks McNamara in his bathroom and cuts one side of his face. He then threatens to kill McNamara if he "fixes" any more of the Carver's "masterpieces." McNamara continues to do so, and in the second season cliffhanger, the Carver exacts revenge by attacking and raping Christian. Before raping his victims, and/or carving their cheeks down to the lip to resemble a smile, similar to the glasgow smile, the Carver tells his victims, "Beauty is a curse on the world," sometimes adding, "It keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are."
Motives.
The Carver apparently believes that physical beauty is evil and feels compelled to destroy it. He has referred to beauty as a type of prison or cage that people are trapped in and believes it necessary to free such a craftsman's pride in his or her work. He also considers his resulting disfigurements "art" – a new kind of beauty to grace the world.
Unmasking.
The third season's finale (Episode 3.15, "Quentin Costa") revealed the Carver to be Quentin Costa, with assistance from his sister, Kit McGraw.
Exegesis: Summary of Episode 3.15.
Detective Kit McGraw brings Dr. Quentin Costa in for questioning, suspecting him to be the Carver; she subsequently finds that, due to a medical condition, Costa was born with no penis. Since all of the Carver's victims were raped, Costa is released.
The Carver attacks a group of nine sorority girls. During questioning, one victim recounts walking in on the Carver raping her sorority sister, and was able to see that the Carver did not have a real penis, but rather was wearing a strap-on dildo.
Kit and the police storm Costa's apartment only to find Costa tied to his bed, bearing the trademark cheek slashes of The Carver, and the message "I can't stop" written in blood on the wall behind him. 
Once again exonerated from the suspect pool, Costa asks Christian and Sean to repair his face. After initially refusing, Christian and Sean agree to perform the surgery. During this conversation, Costa explains away some potential plot holes from earlier in the season. Specifically:
During Costa's operation, Kit arrives with a S.W.A.T. team and arrests Liz Cruz, McNamara/Troy's anesthesiologist, as the next prime suspect. During the interrogation, Kit explains the evidence against Liz:
Sean checks up on Quentin in recovery. Gina, carved but not dead, is the body in Quentin's bed — seen only by the audience. The Carver suddenly appears behind Sean, injects him with the paralyzing agent and unmasks — revealing himself to be none other than Quentin Costa. 
Sean awakens to find both Christian and himself tied to separate operating tables. Costa cuts off Sean's pinky finger and attempts to force Christian to cut off his own hand. Just before Christian is about to do it, Kit arrives and shoots Costa in the back. Kit tells paramedics to make sure the autopsy on Costa's body is not started without her. 
At police headquarters, Kit explains to Christian and Sean that Gina (who was at the office to drop off a Christmas gift for Christian) called 9-1-1, which is why Kit showed up. Kit then explains Quentin's life story. 
Costa was born with 5-alpha-reductase deficiency, a debilitating disease that left him with no penis. He also had a sister, Violet, who suffered severe facial disfigurement. Apparently both medical anomalies were a result of incest. After their parents abandoned them, the two lived in a convent in Maine. Quentin worked his whole life to become a plastic surgeon so he could fix his sister's face, but she died at the age of 29 during her final operation.
Kit leaves Miami after closing the case. While talking to Gina, Sean and Christian discover that Gina never called 911, as she was completely paralyzed after being attacked by the Carver. 
In the morgue, we see a body laid out covered by a sheet. A hand removes the sheet to reveal Quentin Costa, who opens his eyes and sits up, revealing a bullet-proof vest beneath his black suit. "What took so long?" asks Costa.
Christian and Sean take a Red-eye flight to Maine to visit the convent where Costa was raised. When they mention Violet's death, the Mother Superior is confused, explaining that Quentin's sister's name isn't Violet, it is Katherine; but Quentin always called her Kit. The Mother Superior then shows Sean and Christian a Christmas card that the pair sent her three years before, which includes a photo of Quentin and Kit.
The Carver storyline ends with Quentin and Kit relaxing at a luxury hotel in Málaga. Although Kit wants to take a brief vacation, Quentin is spurred on by the sight of a woman with breast implants. The scene ends with a shot of the woman lying in a deck chair with Quentin and Kit's shadows hovering over her.
Correct guesses and a premature reveal.
Prior to the finale, a few fans were able to correctly guess the identity of the Carver through the use of sound-editing programs. As a promotion for the show, FX set up a profile for the Carver on myspace.com, which included videos of the Carver espousing his philosophy. Within days, various tech-savvy audiophiles took the audio from these videos, filtered out the distortion from the Carver's voice synthesizer, and were able to reveal that at the very least, Campos was voicing The Carver. 
The Carver's identity was also leaked prematurely by none other than FX Networks. One day before the finale episode aired, the press section of the FX Networks website published three pictures which revealed the identity of the Carver. While the pictures were removed from the site later that evening, they had already been re-published on various fan-based message boards.

</doc>
<doc id="2859799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859799" title="List of programs broadcast by Toon Disney">
List of programs broadcast by Toon Disney

This is a list of television programs formerly broadcast by Toon Disney in the United States. Toon Disney was launched on April 18, 1998 at 3 p.m. ET as a spin-off of the Disney Channel. The very first program ever broadcast on Toon Disney was the Mickey Mouse segment from "Fantasia" titled "The Sorcerer's Apprentice", and was followed by a sampling of other Mickey Mouse shorts as well as episodes of "Timon and Pumbaa", "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh", "Goof Troop", "TaleSpin" and "Aladdin".
The Jetix was also a block on Toon Disney so its programming appeared on the channel.
NOTE: an asterisk* indicates the show was integrated into Disney XD's initial lineup.
Original runs.
The following shows were broadcast on Toon Disney as part of their first run:
Disney-syndicated programming.
The following shows were originally run on another Disney-related channel such as Disney Channel, The Disney Afternoon, One Saturday Morning/ABC Kids and ABC Family.

</doc>
<doc id="2859801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859801" title="James Fordyce">
James Fordyce

James Fordyce, DD (1720–1 October 1796), was a Scottish Presbyterian minister and poet. He is best known for his collection of sermons published in 1766 as "Sermons for Young Women", popularly known as "Fordyce's Sermons".
Early life.
He was the third son of George Fordyce (1663–1733) of Broadford, merchant and Provost of Aberdeen (who had twenty children); and was born at Aberdeen in the last quarter of 1720. David Fordyce was his elder brother, Alexander Fordyce and Sir William Fordyce were his younger brothers, and George Fordyce, M.D., was his nephew. After the Aberdeen High School Fordyce went to Marischal College, where he was educated for the ministry. On 23 February 1743 he was licensed by the Aberdeen presbytery.
In September 1744 he was presented by the Crown to the second charge at Brechin, Forfarshire. His admission was delayed, when the parishioners stood out for their right of election; he was ordained at Brechin on 28 August 1745. His position was not comfortable, and he did not get on with his colleague. In 1753 he took his degree of M.A. at Marischal College, and in the same year he received a presentation to Alloa, Clackmannanshire. The parishioners wanted another man; however, Fordyce got a call on 5 June, demitted his charge at Brechin on 29 August, and was admitted at Alloa on 12 October 1753. Here he was on better terms with his congregation, and acquired a reputation as a preacher. He published several sermons; in 1760 his sermon before the General Assembly on the 'folly, infamy, and misery of unlawful pleasures' created an impression. The University of Glasgow made him a Doctor of Divinity.
Preacher in London.
With several members of his family established in London, in 1760 he was chosen as colleague to Samuel Lawrence, D.D., minister of the presbyterian congregation in Monkwell Street. He demitted his charge at Alloa on 30 May, and was released from it on 18 June 1760. Lawrence died on 1 October, and Fordyce became sole pastor. He preached only on Sunday afternoons, the morning lecturer being Thomas Toller, Lawrence's son-in-law.
Fordyce's delivery and gestures were studied, and he drew crowds to Monkwell Street. His topics were didactic, but he also satisfied cultured tastes, and dealt with the ethics of actual life. David Garrick was impressed; Fordyce associated with Samuel Johnson, and introduced him to Blair. He gave sympathetic account in "Addresses to the Deity,' 1785, of Johnson's religious character, speaking as an evangelical moderate.
Fordyce's popularity lasted for about twelve years. Several causes contributed to its decline. In 1772 the banking failure of his brother Alexander involved the ruin of some adherents, and the loss of many friends. In 1775 the congregation was split by a quarrel between Fordyce and Toller, and Fordyce had Toller dismissed on 28 February 1775. A large part of the congregation moved with Toller to an independent meeting-house in Silver Street.
Later life.
With a diminished congregation, and under medical advice, Fordyce resigned his office at Christmas 1782. His charge at the ordination of his successor, James Lindsay, D.D., on 21 May 1783, was highly regarded. He retired to a country residence near Christchurch, Hampshire, where he was a neighbour of Lord Bute, who gave him the use of his library. 
On the death (1792) of his brother, Sir William Fordyce, he removed to Bath, Somerset. He was troubled with asthma, and died suddenly of syncope on 1 October 1796 in his seventy-sixth year. He was buried in one of the parish churches of Bath; funeral sermon was preached by Lindsay at Monkwell Street on 16 Oct. He married (1771) Henrietta Cummyng, who died at Bath on 10 January 1823, aged 89. There was no issue of the marriage.
Works.
He published:
Also a sermon on popery (1754), reprinted 1779; ordination sermon and charge (1755); sermon on Eccles. xi. 1 (1757); funeral sermon for Samuel Lawrence (1760); sermon on Prov. viii. 6, 7 (1775); charge at ordination of James Lindsay (1783). His book "Sermons for Young Women" was also published in an American edition (First Boston Edition) in 1796, by Thomas Hill, printers.

</doc>
<doc id="2859807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859807" title="Nicholas Downs">
Nicholas Downs

Nicholas William Downs is an American actor. Downs has played supporting roles in several films, including "Constantine" (2005), "The Girl Next Door" (2004), and "Pearl Harbor" (2001). He also appeared in "16 to Life" (2009) and "Anderson's Cross" (2007). On television, Downs has appeared in episodes of "Cold Case" (2007) and "Boston Public" (2002).
Personal life.
Downs is openly gay. He has made a video in support of James Duke Mason's Trailblazer Campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="2859817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859817" title="Josh Barnett">
Josh Barnett

Joshua Lawrence Barnett (born November 10, 1977) is an American mixed martial artist and professional wrestler who competes in the Heavyweight division of the UFC where he is a former UFC Heavyweight Champion. He has also won the King of Pancrase Openweight Championship and was a finalist in the PRIDE 2006 Openweight Grand Prix and the Strikeforce Heavyweight Grand Prix Championship. Barnett claims a mixed martial arts record of "over 50-7" when both sanctioned and unsanctioned bouts are counted. He has also competed in Affliction, DREAM and Impact FC.
As of May 26, 2014, he is #5 in official UFC Heavyweight rankings and ranked the #7 Heavyweight in the world by Sherdog.
Background.
Born and raised in Seattle, Washington, Barnett had a troubled childhood and often got into fights. He was put into anger management programs at a young age and learned to cope with his anger by participating in athletics. Barnett attended Ballard High School, where he excelled at wrestling, football, and also trained in kickboxing. After seeing UFC 4 as a sophomore, he decided that he wanted to be a mixed martial arts fighter. Barnett had originally attended the University of Montana to play football for the school as a walk-on, but decided not to play the sport for the university. At the recommendation of an instructor at Montana, Barnett went to train at the dojo of Jim Harrison. Although he did not have the money for classes, he received training in exchange for helping with maintenance and labor at the dojo.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Barnett's documented professional debut was in early 1997 in Washington, competing for United Full Contact Federation. He won via rear-naked choke submission under three minutes into the fight. He would continue to dominate, reaching a 9-0 record with seven first-round stoppages and wins over future UFC Hall of Famer Dan Severn, Bobby Hoffman, John Marsh, and Bob Gilstrap (twice). With a 9-0 record, Barnett was invited to compete in the UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Barnett made his UFC debut at UFC 28 on November 17, 2000 against 6' 10" Gan "The Giant" McGee and Barnett won via TKO in the second round. In his next bout, Barnett was handed his first career defeat at the hands of Brazilian Pedro Rizzo with a highlight-reel knockout in the second round after being caught with a very powerful right hand. He would bounce back and win his next two fights over 7' 0" Dutch kickboxer Semmy Schilt via armbar submission, and then received a submission win in a rematch with Bobby Hoffman. Subsequent to his win over Hoffman, Barnett tested positive for banned substances and was given a warning by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. Barnett was then given a title shot for the UFC Heavyweight Championship against then-champion and future UFC Hall of Famer Randy Couture. He won via TKO after using the ground and pound technique and became the new and youngest-ever UFC Heavyweight Champion. However, after the bout it was revealed that he had again tested positive for banned substances and his title was stripped.
Professional wrestling.
Barnett began his overseas career as a professional wrestler in the New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) organization, where he wrestled numerous matches in 2003 and 2004. In his first match, he wrestled champion Yuji Nagata for that promotions version of the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. Although unsuccessful in that match, Barnett formed a tag team with Perry Saturn and was undefeated in the following NJPW tour, Fighting Spirit 2003. Barnett wrestled over 50 matches in total for the NJPW promotion.
Since then, Barnett has been wrestling for Antonio Inoki's Inoki Genome Federation wrestling promotion. He debuted with the company in 2007 with a victory over Tadao Yasuda. He racked up victories against Don Frye and Montanha Silva before suffering his first loss against Naoya Ogawa. The same man he beat earlier in the night. Since the loss, he has been on a winning streak beating The Predator, Hitokui Yoshiki, Tank Abbott, Jon Andersen, Fonseca, Atsushi Sawada, Bob Sapp, Ultimate Mask, Tim Sylvia, Montanha Silva, Bobby Lashley and Hideki Suzuki.
Starting in February at IGF Genome 14, IGF began a title tournament to crown a new Heavyweight Champion and Barnett not only continued his winning streak but he advanced to the semi-finals of the tournament with his victory over Montanha Silva. In July at IGF Genome 16, he defeated Bobby Lashley with a cross armbreaker to advance to the finals of the title tournament. Was scheduled to face Jérôme Le Banner for the IGF Heavyweight Championship in a tournament final scheduled for August 27 at the IGF Super Stars Festival 2011. However, it was announced on August 19 that Barnett had to pull out of the match up and Le Banner was declared the first ever IGF champion on August 22. However, Josh Barnett would get his shot at the IGF Heavyweight Championship on December 2 against the champion, Jerome Le Banner. Barnett would lose the contest by knockout.
On New Year's Eve, Josh Barnett made his return to Japan for the DREAM, "Fight for Japan" event. At the event he would face Hideki Suzuki in an IGF Rules match. After a wrestling clinic was put on by both athletes, it was Barnett who won with a brainbuster to seal the victory.
Pancrase and PRIDE.
Barnett competed in MMA in both PRIDE and Pancrase in Japan. While in Pancrase, he won its Openweight Grand Prix Championship by defeating Yuki Kondo. Winning this title put him alongside the likes of Ken Shamrock, Frank Shamrock and Bas Rutten as one of the few fighters to be a titleholder in both Pancrase and the UFC.
In his first fight in PRIDE, at PRIDE 28 against Croatian Mirko Filipović, he suffered a simultaneous fracture and dislocated shoulder injury that required surgery and over six months of rehab. His first fight back post-injury was a rematch against Filipović at Pride 30, which he lost by a close and controversial unanimous decision. He came back with a win against Kazuhiro Nakamura at PRIDE 31.
Barnett later beat Alexander Emelianenko by an americana submission in the second round of the PRIDE Openweight Grand Prix at PRIDE Total Elimination Absolute. He submitted Mark Hunt via kimura in the first round of the Openweight Grand Prix at Pride Critical Countdown Absolute. Barnett defeated Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira by split decision in the semi finals of the Openweight Grand Prix, however he lost the final match of the PRIDE Final Conflict Absolute to Filipović on September 10, 2006, submitting after an unintentional finger poke to the eye. In a post-fight interview, Barnett explained the incident: "I opened up my guard and I grabbed his leg to go for a leglock, and in the scramble Mirko put his hand out to post and he caught a finger deep in my right eye. And as soon as it happened I let go of the leg and grabbed my face, and I couldn't see anything at the time and I had no idea where he was and I just didn't want him to punt me in the face with a kick when I can't see and I'm blinded. He said, you know, 'Sorry' and I said to him that he was winning that night and it was an accident. He didn't mean do it". This also marked the third time he was beaten by the MMA legend.
Next, Barnett fought the Polish Judo gold medalist Pawel Nastula at PRIDE 32, the organization's first show in the United States. To fight again in Nevada, the Nevada State Athletic Commission required that Barnett pass a mandatory drug test. In a surprisingly competitive match, Nastula controlled the first round and most of the second. Barnett reversed Nastula from the bottom and was able to secure a toe-hold submission, which earned him the victory. At a post-fight press conference, Barnett complimented Nastula on his performance. Nastula, however, subsequently tested positive for steroids. Barnett then lost a rematch by unanimous decision to Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira at Pride Shockwave 2006.
World Victory Road: Sengoku.
After the bout against Nogueira and the acquisition of PRIDE by the UFC, Barnett did not participate in any MMA events in 2007, except one Pancrase match against Hikaru Sato, which was held under catch wrestling rules on Dec. 22. Barnett did not follow many other PRIDE veterans to the UFC because he desired to join an organization that included the top Heavyweight fighter in the world, Fedor Emelianenko. In 2008, Barnett joined the newly organized MMA promotion, Sengoku, and fought in consecutive main events at Sengoku 1 and Sengoku 2, submitting Hidehiko Yoshida with a heel hook in the third round, and defeating Jeff Monson by unanimous decision. These fights were notable in that Barnett became the first man to submit Yoshida in mixed martial arts competition; and Barnett and Monson are good friends.
Affliction Entertainment.
Since his contract with World Victory Road is not exclusive, Barnett was able to join other MMA events. Barnett participated in the inaugural MMA event held by Affliction Entertainment, in July 2008. Seven years after his only knockout loss to Pedro Rizzo, he avenged that loss at with a knockout of his own in the second round.
In January 2009, Barnett fought PRIDE veteran Gilbert Yvel at . Barnett defeated Yvel by a submission resulting from strikes in the third round. His next match-up, scheduled on August 1, 2009 against Fedor Emelianenko at Affliction's 3rd event , was one of the most anticipated match-up between the then ranked number one Heavyweight Emelianenko and number two Heavyweight Barnett. However, the fight was officially pulled 10 days before the fight by the California State Athletic Commission after Barnett tested positive for anabolic steroids (a metabolite of drostanolone) for a second time. The event and Affliction Entertainment itself was cancelled July 24, 2009 as a result. Barnett requested that they test his "B" sample hoping there was an error in the test. His "B" sample was also positive.
Post-Affliction.
Due to the positive drug tests, Barnett has made a re-licensure appeal to the California State Athletic Commission(CSAC). The CSAC has postponed Barnett's appeal three times. The first two postponements happened because Barnett's law firm required additional information from the laboratory that conducted Barnett's tests. Michael J. DiMaggio, Barnett's attorney, was unable to attend the hearing due to travel problems, causing the third extension, which would have taken place at 22 February 2010.
Barnett was a no-show at this hearing on February 22, 2010, making this the fourth delay in his appeal, Shannon Hooper, Barnett's manager, told MMAjunkie.com (www.mmajunkie.com) on Monday February 22, 2010 that Barnett was in Japan on Sunday February 21, 2010 for a professional wrestling match and will return to the U.S. later today. His reason was he was unaware that his presence was required, but the CSAC said they had notified him of this months before. Barnett more recently signed on with MMA organization Strikeforce.
Dream.
Barnett signed to fight for DREAM in 2010, and made his debut on March 22, 2010 at DREAM 13 against Mighty Mo. He won the fight via submission in the first round. During the fight, he accidentally kicked Mighty Mo in the groin so immediately after winning the fight, Barnett approached Mighty Mo apologizing for the illegal strike and in return allowed Mighty Mo to knee him in the groin.
Strikeforce.
On September 13, 2010 it was announced that Josh Barnett had signed a multi-fight deal with Strikeforce.
Barnett faced Brett Rogers on June 18, 2011 at in the opening round of a Strikeforce Heavyweight Tournament. Barnett submitted Rogers with an arm-triangle choke in the second round of the bout.
Barnett defeated Sergei Kharitonov in the semi-final of the tournament headlining on September 10, 2011 at U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio.
He faced fellow finalist Daniel Cormier on May 19, 2012 at to determine the Strikeforce Heavyweight Grand Prix Champion. Dana White announced if Barnett were to defeat Cormier, he would be allowed back into the UFC, "If he wins the fight, I can't see why he wouldn't come the UFC." Barnett lost the bout via unanimous decision. (50-45, 50-45, 49-46), losing for the first time in over 5 years.
In January 2013, Barnett faced a promotional newcomer, Nandor Guelmino, at the final Strikeforce event. Barnett defeated Guelmino via arm-triangle choke submission in the first round.
Return to the UFC.
Barnett initially declined to sign with the UFC. However, on May 21, 2013, it was announced that Barnett had returned to the UFC and signed a multi-fight contract with the promotion.
Barnett faced former UFC Heavyweight Champion Frank Mir on August 31, 2013 at UFC 164. He won the fight in the first round by TKO.
Barnett faced Travis Browne on December 28, 2013 at UFC 168. He lost the fight via knockout due to elbow strikes in the first round.
Other features.
Barnett has appeared in the Xbox 360 game Beautiful Katamari as one of the people that can be rolled up. He appears as the rare person "Wrestler" in his signature trunks and Pride FC gloves.
Billy Robinson had contributed immensely in training Barnett. Barnett teaches catch wrestling at Erik Paulson's CSW Training Center in Fullerton, California. He is the primary trainer and manager of female fighter Megumi Fujii and listed on the Abe Ani Combat Club's website as a team wrestling coach and friend.
Barnett competed in the California Classic 2009 BJJ Tournament on November 15, 2009. Barnett lost a decision to ADCC veteran and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu World Champion Romulo Barral from Gracie Barra in the Black Belt GI Absolute division. On December 19, 2009, Paulson awarded Barnett his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt. Even though Barnett had never trained in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu he was given his belt based on competition merit and overall knowledge.
Barnett appeared as himself in an episode of the 2013 web series "Black Dynamite Teaches a Hard Way!", where a Black Dynamite mannequin teaches him the consequences of littering.
In the co-main event of Metamoris 4, Barnett is expected to Dean Lister, a multiple time world brazilian jiu-jitsu and no-gi jiu jitsu champion.
Personal life.
In an interview on The Steve Austin Show, Barnett confirmed that he is not religious. In his spare time, he enjoys driving and repairing automobiles, preferring vintage models.
He plays and is a fan of the card game "".
Barnett is also a huge fan of the metal band Every Time I Die, and can often be seen side stage at Los Angeles shows. He has even acted as a security guard on stage by tossing stage-divers into the audience.
Josh Barnett also has a high opinion of video game franchises, specifically "Warhammer 40,000" and "League of Legends".

</doc>
<doc id="2859819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859819" title="Delta National Forest">
Delta National Forest

Delta National Forest is a U.S. National Forest in western Mississippi. It is located in Sharkey County and has an area of . The forest is headquartered in Jackson, as are all six National Forests in Mississippi, but there are local ranger district offices located in Rolling Fork. It is one of only six National Forests that are contained entirely within a single county.
The Green Ash-Overcup Oak-Sweetgum Research Natural Areas within the Delta National Forest are a rare example of a pristine bottomlands hardwood forest. They were declared National Natural Landmarks in May 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="2859821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859821" title="Homochitto National Forest">
Homochitto National Forest

Homochitto National Forest is a U.S. National Forest in southwestern Mississippi comprising . In the mid-1930s, the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) began reforestation of the area and developing a system of roadways and recreational areas.
Geography.
In descending order of land area the forest is located in parts of: 
Headquarters.
The forest is headquartered in Jackson, Mississippi, as are all six National Forests in Mississippi. There are local ranger district offices located in Meadville.

</doc>
<doc id="2859823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859823" title="Tombigbee National Forest">
Tombigbee National Forest

Tombigbee National Forest is a U.S. National Forest in eastern and northeastern Mississippi. It is named for the nearby Tombigbee River. It is divided geographically into two non-contiguous sections. The larger southern section, about 60% of the total acreage, is located north of Louisville, in parts of Winston, Choctaw, and Oktibbeha counties in eastern Mississippi. The smaller northern section, about 40% of the total acreage, is located northeast of Houston, in parts of Chickasaw and Pontotoc counties in northeastern Mississippi. As a whole the forest lies, in descending order of land area, in Winston, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Pontotoc, and Oktibbeha counties. The forest has a total area of 67,005 acres (105 sq mi, or 271 km²). Headquarters of forest administration is in Jackson, as are those for all six National Forests in Mississippi, but local ranger district offices are located in Ackerman.

</doc>
<doc id="2859825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859825" title="Mary, Did You Know?">
Mary, Did You Know?

"Mary, Did You Know?" is a Christmas song with lyrics and music written by Mark Lowry and Buddy Greene.
Background.
Mark Lowry wrote the words in 1984 when his pastor asked him to write the program for the living Christmas tree choir presentation. The music was written by Buddy Greene. Michael English was the first recording artist to record and release 'Mary, Did You Know?" on his debut album titled "Michael English" which was released on January 1, 1992. Country music artist Kathy Mattea recorded her version of the song in 1993 for her Christmas album "Good News", thus giving the song its first widespread exposure to Country radio.
Kenny Rogers & Wynonna Judd version.
A duet version recorded by Wynonna Judd and Kenny Rogers peaked at number 55 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts in 1997.
Clay Aiken version.
"Mary, Did You Know?" is Clay Aiken's fifth single for his Christmas album "Merry Christmas With Love." Aiken performed the song on "The Tyra Banks Show".
Cee Lo Green version.
"Mary, Did You Know?" is Cee Lo's eleventh track on his Christmas album "Cee Lo's Magic Moment." On December 15, 2012 the song appeared on the US R&B Songs chart at number 22.
Other versions.
Hayley Westenra recorded the song on her second album, "My Gift to You", released in New Zealand and Australia, by Universal New Zealand label in 2001. Producer James Hall called it her "most perceptive" song choice for the album. The song was also included as a bonus song on a special UK version of her first international album, "Pure", in 2003, as well as the New Zealand version of her greatest hits album, "", in 2008. Westenra also performed the song for her PBS "Great Performances" special, "Live from New Zealand", which aired in 2004, and was released on DVD in 2005.
Reba McEntire performed a version of this song on her 1999 Christmas album "".
Contemporary Christian group The Katinas covered the song on their 2004 album "Family Christmas".
Kimberley Locke covered the song on her 2007 album "Christmas".
Rock band Kutless covered the song on BEC Recordings 2008 album "X Christmas".
Rascal Flatts released a version of the song as a single in 2011. Their version also appeared on the 2012 compilation "".
Contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp covered the song on his 2012 album "".
Scotty McCreery covered the song on his 2012 album "Christmas with Scotty McCreery".
Don Moen covered the song (in a duet with its composer, Buddy Greene) on his 2012 album "".
Mary J. Blige covered the song on her 2013 album "A Mary Christmas".
Musical.
The song was also used as the basis for a stage musical, also titled "Mary, Did You Know" and written by Bruce Greer, that won the 1999 Dove Award for Musical of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="2859830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859830" title="Estonia national basketball team">
Estonia national basketball team

The Estonian National Basketball Team is the basketball team that represents Estonia in international competitions.
Eurobasket 1937.
The Estonians took fifth place, with an overall record of 3–2, at the second European basketball championship, the Eurobasket 1937 held by the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Europe continental federation. They finished third in their four-team preliminary group after winning one game and losing two. This relegated the team to the classification matches, where they defeated Czechoslovakia and then Latvia to earn the fifth place finish.
Eurobasket 1939.
Estonia managed a 4–3 record in the eight-team round robin of the Eurobasket 1939. This put them in a tie with France, which the Estonians lost because they had been defeated by France in head-to-head play.
Olympic Games record.
Basketball first appeared as an official sport at the 1936 Summer Olympics. The first official match was played between Estonia and France, which Estonia won 34–29.
Past rosters.
1936 Olympic Games: finished 12th among 21 teams
Heino Veskila, Evald Mahl, Leonid Saar, Vladimir Kärk, Robert Keres, Aleksander Illi, Georg Vinogradov, Aleksander Margiste, Bernhard Nooni, Erich Altosaar, Artur Amon (Coach: Herbert Niiler)
1937 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 8 teams
Heino Veskila, Oskar Erikson, Evald Mahl, Vladimir Kärk, Robert Keres, Aleksander Illi, Alfred Zimmermann, Albert Suurna, Ralf Viksten (Coach: Herbert Niiler)
1939 EuroBasket: finished 5th among 8 teams
Heino Veskila, Evald Mahl, Oskar Erikson, Ralf Viksten, Georg Vinogradov, Erich Altosaar, Artur Amon, Hans Juurup, Valdeko Valdmäe, Herbert Tillemann (Coach: Herbert Niiler)
1993 EuroBasket: finished 6th among 16 teams
Aivar Kuusmaa, Sergei Babenko, Gert Kullamäe, Rauno Pehka, Margus Metstak, Ivo Saksakulm, Marek Noormets, Aleksandr Karavajev, Andrus Nagel, Indrek Rumma, Toomas Kandimaa, Erki Kivinukk (Coach: Jaak Salumets)
2001 EuroBasket: finished 13–16 among 16 teams
Martin Müürsepp, Tanel Tein, Rauno Pehka, Margus Metstak, Toomas Kandimaa, Marek Noormets, Valmo Kriisa, Tarmo Kikerpill, Toomas Liivak, Andre Pärn, Indrek Rumma, Indrek Varblane (Coach: Üllar Kerde)
2015 EuroBasket: qualified

</doc>
<doc id="2859835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859835" title="Metabotropic glutamate receptor">
Metabotropic glutamate receptor

The metabotropic glutamate receptors, or mGluRs, are a type of glutamate receptor that are active through an indirect metabotropic process. They are members of the group C family of G-protein-coupled receptors, or GPCRs. Like all glutamate receptors, mGluRs bind with glutamate, an amino acid that functions as an excitatory neurotransmitter.
Function and structure.
The mGluRs perform a variety of functions in the central and peripheral nervous systems: For example, they are involved in learning, memory, anxiety, and the perception of pain. They are found in pre- and postsynaptic neurons in synapses of the hippocampus, cerebellum, and the cerebral cortex, as well as other parts of the brain and in peripheral tissues.
Like other metabotropic receptors, mGluRs have seven transmembrane domains that span the cell membrane. Unlike ionotropic receptors, metabotropic glutamate receptors are not ion channels. Instead, they activate biochemical cascades, leading to the modification of other proteins, as for example ion channels. This can lead to changes in the synapse's excitability, for example by presynaptic inhibition of neurotransmission, or modulation and even induction of postsynaptic responses.
A dimeric organization of mGluRs is required for signaling induced by agonists.
Classification.
Eight different types of mGluRs, labeled mGluR1 to mGluR8 ( to ), are divided into groups I, II, and III. Receptor types are grouped based on receptor structure and physiological activity. The mGluRs are further divided into subtypes, such as mGluR7a and mGluR7b.
Group I.
The mGluRs in group I, including mGluR1 and mGluR5, are stimulated most strongly by the excitatory amino acid analog L-quisqualic acid. Stimulating the receptors causes the associated enzyme phospholipase C to hydrolyze phosphoinositide phospholipids in the cell's plasma membrane. This leads to the formation of inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate (IP3) and diacyl glycerol. Due to its hydrophilic character, IP3 can travel to the endoplasmic reticulum, where it induces, via fixation on its receptor, the opening of calcium channels increasing in this way the cytosolic calcium concentrations. The lipophilic diacylglycerol remains in the membrane, acting as a cofactor for the activation of protein kinase C.
These receptors are also associated with Na+ and K+ channels. Their action can be excitatory, increasing conductance, causing more glutamate to be released from the presynaptic cell, but they also increase inhibitory postsynaptic potentials, or IPSPs. They can also inhibit glutamate release and can modulate voltage-dependent calcium channels.
Group I mGluRs, but not other groups, are activated by 3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine (DHPG), a fact that is useful to experimenters because it allows them to isolate and identify them.
Group II & Group III.
The receptors in group II, including mGluRs 2 and 3, and group III, including mGluRs 4, 6, 7, and 8, (with some exceptions) prevent the formation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate, or cAMP, by activating a G protein that inhibits the enzyme adenylyl cyclase, which forms cAMP from ATP. These receptors are involved in presynaptic inhibition, and do not appear to affect postsynaptic membrane potential by themselves. Receptors in groups II and III reduce the "activity" of postsynaptic potentials, both excitatory and inhibitory, in the cortex.
The chemicals 2-(2,3-dicarboxycyclopropyl)glycine (DCG-IV) and eglumegad activate only group II mGluRs, while 2-amino-4-phosphonobutyrate (L-AP4) activates only group III mGluRs. Several subtype-selective positive allosteric modulators that activate only the mGlu2 subtype, such as Biphenylindanone A, have also now been developed.
LY-341,495 and MGS-0039 are drugs that act as a selective antagonist blocking both of the group II metabotropic glutamate receptors, mGluR2 and mGluR3. RO4491533 acts as a negative allosteric modulator of mGluR2 and mGluR3.
Localization.
Different types of mGluRs are distributed differently in cells. For example, one study found that Group I mGluRs are located mostly on postsynaptic parts of cells, while groups II and III are mostly located on presynaptic elements, though they have been found on both pre- and postsynaptic membranes.
Also, different mGluR subtypes are found predominantly in different parts of the body. For example, mGluR4 is located only in the brain, in locations such as the thalamus, hypothalamus and caudate nucleus. All mGluRs except mGluR6 are thought to exist in the hippocampus and entorhinal cortex.
Roles.
It is thought that mGluRs play a role in a variety of different functions.
Modulation of other receptors.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors are known to act as modulators of (affect the activity of) other receptors. For example, group I mGluRs are known to increase the activity of "N"-methyl-"D"-aspartate receptors (NMDARs), a type of ion channel-linked receptor that is central in a neurotoxic process called excitotoxicity. Proteins called PDZ proteins frequently anchor mGluRs near enough to NMDARs to modulate their activity.
It has been suggested that mGluRs may act as regulators of neurons' vulnerability to excitotoxicity (a deadly neurochemical process involving glutamate receptor overactivation) through their modulation of NMDARs, the receptor most involved in that process. Excessive amounts of "N"-methyl-"D"-aspartate (NMDA), the selective specific agonist of NMDARs, has been found to cause more damage to neurons in the presence of group I mGluR agonists. On the other hand, agonists of group II and III mGluRs reduce NMDAR activity.
Group II and III mGluRs tend to protect neurons from excitotoxicity, possibly by reducing the activity of NMDARs.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors are also thought to affect dopaminergic and adrenergic neurotransmission.
Role in plasticity.
Like other glutamate receptors, mGluRs have been shown to be involved in synaptic plasticity and in neurotoxicity and neuroprotection.
They participate in long term potentiation and long term depression, and they are removed from the synaptic membrane in response to agonist binding.
Roles in disease.
Since metabotropic glutamate receptors are involved in a variety of functions, abnormalities in their expression can contribute to disease. For example, studies with mutant mice have suggested that mutations in expression of mGluR1 may be involved in the development of certain types of cancer. In addition, manipulating mGluRs can be useful in treating some conditions. For example, clinical trial suggested that an mGlu2/3 agonist, LY354740, was effective in the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder. Also, some researchers have suggested that activation of mGluR4 could be used as a treatment for Parkinson's disease.
Most recently, Group I mGluRs, have been implicated in the pathogenesis of Fragile X, a type of autism, and a number of studies are currently testing the therapeutic potential of drugs that modify these receptors. 
There is also growing evidence that group II metabotropic glutamate receptor agonists may play a role in the treatment of schizophrenia. Schizophrenia is associated with deficits in cortical inhibitory interneurons that release GABA and synaptic abnormalities associated with deficits in NMDA receptor function. These inhibitory deficits may impair cortical function via cortical disinhibition and asynchrony. The drug LY354740 (also known as Eglumegad, an mGlu2/3 agonist) was shown to attenuate physiologic and cognitive abnormalities in animal and human studies of NMDA receptor antagonist and serotonergic hallucinogen effects, supporting the subsequent clinical evidence of efficacy for an mGluR2/3 agonist in the treatment of schizophrenia.
The same drug has been shown to interfere in the hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis, with chronic oral administration of this drug leading to markedly reduced baseline cortisol levels in bonnet macaques (Macaca radiata); acute infusion of LY354740 resulted in a marked diminution of yohimbine-induced stress response in those animals. LY354740 has also been demonstrated to act on the metabotropic glutamate receptor 3 (GRM3) of human adrenocortical cells, downregulating aldosterone synthase, CYP11B1, and the production of adrenal steroids (ie. aldosterone and cortisol).
History.
The first demonstration that glutamate could induce the formation of molecules belonging to a major second messenger system was in 1985, when it was shown that it could stimulate the formation of inositol phosphates. This finding allowed in 1987 to yield an explanation for oscillatory ionic glutamate responses and to provide further evidence for the existence of metabotropic glutamate receptors. In 1991 the first metabotropic glutamate receptor of the seven transmembrane domain family was cloned. More recent reports on ionotropic glutamate receptors able to couple to metabotropic transduction systems suggest that metabotropic responses of glutamate might not be limited to seven transmembrane domain metabotropic glutamate receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="2859841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859841" title="Bruce Cowan">
Bruce Cowan

David Bruce Cowan AM (15 January 1926 – 7 April 2011) was an Australian politician and Minister of the Crown in the cabinets of Tom Lewis and Sir Eric Willis. He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for 14 years from 6 November 1965 until his resignation on 29 August 1980 and then for 13 years in the Australian House of Representatives for Lyne for the Country Party of Australia and its successors, the National Country and then National Parties.
Early life.
Bruce Cowan was born in January 1926 in Taree, New South Wales, the son of a farmer, David Cowan, and Bessie Kent. He was educated at Oxley Island Public School and Taree High School and thereafter worked as a farmer, a real estate agent, and stock and station agent.
He became a prominent member of the community, becoming the country real estate agents representative on the New South Wales Council of Auctioneers, the President of Oxley Island Primary Producers Union Branch, Secretary of Oxley Island Drainage Union and as a Member of the Taree Rotary Club for 37 years. He married Laura Bidner on 5 June 1954 and had two daughters, one of whom, Rosemary, married the future Leader of the New South Wales Liberal Party and Premier of New South Wales, Barry O'Farrell. After Laura died in a car accident in 1987 he re-married, to Jan Churchill, who became a wonderful helper to him in his work as an MP.
Political career.
Cowan's interest in politics began when he joined the Country Party of Australia, becoming a member of the central executive in 1952, 1953 and 1958. He ran for the local government elections and became an Alderman on Taree Municipal Council from 1957 to 1965, later rising to become Deputy Mayor from 1959 to 1965. 
In 1965, he contested the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Oxley at a November by-election caused by the death of the sitting member, Les Jordan. He went on to win the seat on preferences with 59.75% of the vote. He went on to retain his seat a further 5 times, each time with a significant majority, until his resignation. For most of his time in Parliament he remained on the backbenches until Premier Askin retired and Tom Lewis became Premier, who appointed him as Minister for Agriculture and Minister for Water Resources on 17 December 1975. He held these portfolios until, Lewis' successor, Sir Eric Willis, lost the election on 14 May 1976. 
In opposition he was made the Shadow Minister for Conservation and Shadow Minister for Water Resources from 28 May 1976 to 2 November 1978, when under the new leader, John Mason, he was apponted the Shadow Minister for Local Government and Shadow Minister for Roads. Held this portfolio until he resigned and later also resigned his seat on 29 August 1980.
In 1980, Cowan won the National Country Party preselection for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Lyne when Philip Lucock retired from politics. Cowan faced the Labor candidate and Local Councillor Leslie Brown and the Liberal Party's Milton Morris who was the Member for Maitland in the NSW Legislative Assembly. Although Brown won more primary votes, preferences from Morris were more than enough to ensure that Cowan was elected. Cowan held the seat comfortably until retiring at the 1993 election.
On 26 January 1998, Cowan was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for service to Parliament and the community.Citation: "For service to the community, and to parliament at Federal, State, and Local levels. AM S14 1998"</ref> On 1 January 2001, he was also awarded the Centenary Medal for service to society through parliament.Citation: "For service to Australian society through parliament"</ref>
Cowan died on 7 April 2011, a week after O'Farrell (his son-in-law) was elected Premier of New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="2859844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859844" title="Poděbrady">
Poděbrady

Poděbrady (; ) is a historical spa town in the Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic. It lies on the river Labe east of Prague on the D11 highway. A historic milestone in the life of the town was the year 1905, when it was visited by the German estate owner Prince von Bülow. This well-known water diviner found in the inner courtyard of the castle signs of a strong spring, which was later bored to a depth of . The discovery of carbonic mineral water resulted in the opening of the first spa in 1908. After World War I Poděbrady rapidly changed into a spa town which from 1926 specialized in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, rapidly gaining renown not only in the Czech Republic, but also abroad in countries including Austria, Germany, Russia and the United States.
The history of Poděbrady reaches back to medieval times. A long-distance trade route running from Prague to eastern Bohemia and then on to Silesia and Poland passed through the then-forested landscape interwoven with a dense network of river branches. This important communication intersected the River Labe to the west of the present town, at a place called Na Vinici.
An ancient community and a small fortress originated near the ford. It is most likely that the position of this community is reflected in the present name of the town: Poděbrady – "pode brody" = below the ford.
Points of interest.
In Podebrady attractions include lakes for swimming, a riding school and tennis courts.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Poděbrady is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2859864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859864" title="Nodaway Valley High School">
Nodaway Valley High School

Nodaway Valley High School is rural high school in Greenfield, Adair County Iowa, United States. It is part of the Nodaway Valley Community School District.
The school was formed in 1993 from the merger of Bridgewater-Fontanelle High School and Greenfield High School.
In 2005 it had 295 students and 26 teachers. 13% were eligible for free lunch, less than the state average of 23%.
The Technology department is led by former Teacher of the Year- the outstanding Jane Woodside.
Nodaway Valley (Greenfield) has a wrestling teams. They have currently won the sectionals two years in row 2005-2006, 2006-2007. In 2007 they placed in the top 10 at the Iowa High School Athletic Association wrestling tournament. In the 2008-09 season, the team finished with a 20-0 regular season. 
In 2005 it had 295 students and 26 teachers. 13% were eligible for free lunch, less than the state average of 23%.
Nodaway Valley was the 2002 Class 2A boys state cross country champion, as well as the 2006 Class 1A boys state basketball champion. Between 1997-2005, Nodaway Valley's cross country teams have qualified for state 16 times. Nodaway Valley was the 2009 Class 2A Girls State cross country champions.
Nodaway Valley's mascot of is the wolverine.

</doc>
<doc id="2859873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859873" title="Bertone Pirana">
Bertone Pirana

The Bertone Pirana (or Jaguar Pirana) (not "Piranha" as some sources have it) was a concept car created by Bertone for the 1967 London Motor Show at Earl's Court. The sleek 2+2 GT car was based on the chassis and powertrain of the 4.2 litre Jaguar E-type but was re-bodied with a unique steel monocoque body and luxurious interior. The Pirana was designed by Marcello Gandini, perhaps best known for styling the Lamborghini Countach. Unusually for a show car, the Pirana was commissioned as a publicity stunt by the Daily Telegraph, a leading British daily newspaper, as an example of an "ideal car." After a successful showing at the London Motor show, the Pirana was subsequently exhibited at the New York car show and then at the British Motor Show in Montreal. 
Some commentators credit the Pirana with inspiring the Lamborghini Espada which Bertone produced a year later.

</doc>
<doc id="2859877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859877" title="Diamond Jim Brady">
Diamond Jim Brady

__NOTOC__
James Buchanan Brady (August 12, 1856 – April 13, 1917), also known as Diamond Jim Brady, was an American businessman, financier, and philanthropist of the Gilded Age.
Life and career.
Born in New York City to a modest household, Brady worked his way up from bellhop and courier. After gaining employment in the New York Central Railroad system, he became the chief assistant to the general manager by the age of 21. At 23, Brady parlayed his knowledge of the rail transport industry and its officials to become a highly successful salesman for Manning, Maxwell and Moore, a railroad supply company. In 1899 he became Sales Agent for the Pressed Steel Car Company. 
Known for his penchant for jewels, especially diamonds, he collected precious stones and jewelry in excess of US$ 2 million (equivalent to approximately $ in dollars). 
Brady's enormous appetite was as legendary as his wealth, though modern experts believe it was greatly exaggerated. It was not unusual, according to the legend, for Brady to eat enough food for ten people at a sitting. George Rector, owner of a favorite restaurant, described Brady as "the best 25 customers I ever had."
"Diamond Jim" is known for his longtime relationship with actress and singer Lillian Russell. It is said that her eating habits were a perfect match for his own. 
A gregarious man, Brady was a mainstay of Broadway nightlife. He often dined with popular society. After further investments in the stock market, Brady accumulated wealth estimated at $12 million, though not always by ethical means. According to one anecdote:
Biographer Harry Paul Jeffers wrote, "On election night (1896), Brady won about $180,000 (equivalent to approximately $ in dollars) by making crooked bets on the William McKinley-William Jennings Bryan presidential election." He also enriched himself to the tune of $1.25 million (equivalent to approximately $ in dollars) through a shady stock deal involving the Reading Railroad.
He was known for being the first person in New York City to own an automobile (in 1895).
Brady donated a significant sum in 1912 to Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland, where he had once been treated. The hospital created the James Buchanan Brady Urological Institute in his honor.
Death.
Brady died in his sleep on April 13, 1917, of a heart attack.
Brady had never married, and after his death his estate was distributed to many institutions, most notably New York Hospital. When his body was examined, doctors discovered that his stomach was six times the size of that of an average person.
Legacy.
Brady was the inspiration for a 1935 film written by Preston Sturges entitled "Diamond Jim" and might have inspired a character called "Big Jim" in the Bob Dylan song, "Lily, Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts."
Brady is mentioned in an episode of "I Love Lucy" (S04E01), to describe a very frugal person.
Brady was mentioned in the Jerry Herman musical "Hello, Dolly!", in the song "Elegance." The lyrics refer to many wealthy, upper-class figures from the 19th century, including Brady.
Brady's appetite is immortalized at Lawry's Prime Rib Restaurants with a 16 ounce, two-inch-thick prime rib.
Brady was the protagonist of the fictional film "Bonjour, Diamond Jim" that was featured in the 2012 film "Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie"
Brady was mentioned in Caleb Carr's novel "The Angel of Darkness", follow up novel to "The Alienist", where he is introduced as one of the patrons of the Canfield Casino.
Brady was mentioned in "The Odd Couple" (1968) by Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau) to sarcastically describe Felix Ungar (Jack Lemmon) for only ordering a hot tea in the diner.
Brady was mentioned in "The Wonder Years" (1989) in "The Cost of Living" (Season 4, Episode 4) when narrator Kevin Arnold (Daniel Stern) refers to wealthy student Mark Kovinsky (Justin Whalin) as "Diamond Jim Kovinsky".
In the Family Guy episode "No Meals on Wheels", Peter refers to a customer in his restaurant as Diamond Jim Brady for asking if the restaurant accepts Discover Card. 
Brady was inspiring "Monty Python's Flying Circus" to the fictional character "Mr Creosote", who appeared in "The Meaning of Life'.

</doc>
<doc id="2859882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859882" title="Betoota, Queensland">
Betoota, Queensland

Betoota is a small town in Diamantina Shire, in the Channel Country of Central West Queensland, Australia which has a seasonal population; the last permanent resident, Sigmund Remienko, died in 2004. Betoota is situated on a gibber plain, east of Birdsville and west of Windorah.
The town has been designated as Australia's smallest town. The only facilities in Betoota are a racetrack, a dry weather airstrip and a cricket field. Visitors are drawn to the town during the annual Simpson Desert Carnival which is held in September.
History.
The town was surveyed in 1887. Only three streets were ever named. The Betoota Hotel was built in the late 1880s and is now the last remaining building in town. The building is constructed of sandstone and has timber floors. The hotel operated until 1997 when its owner Sigmund (Simon) Remienko retired at 82 years of age. Originally from Poland, Sigmund worked as a grader driver until he bought the Betoota Hotel in 1957. Owning the hotel for 47 years, Simon was Betoota's sole resident until ill health forced him to move. In October 1997, the hotel closed.
In 1885, the Queensland Government opened a customs post to collect a toll for stock travelling the stock route. Betoota was once a Cobb & Co change station.
In 1895, a police presence was established in the town as construction of a rabbit-proof fence in the region was attracting many "undesirable characters" to the town. A police station with a court was built in 1915 but was closed in 1930 because an inspection in 1928 found no-one had been taken into custody or placed before the court in more than five years.
Heritage listings.
Betoota has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2859883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859883" title="Flight to Arras">
Flight to Arras

Flight to Arras () is a memoir by French author Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. Written in 1942, it recounts his role in the Armée de l'Air (French Air Force) as pilot of a reconnaissance plane during the Battle of France in 1940.
The book condenses months of flights into a single terrifying mission over the town of Arras. Saint-Exupéry was assigned to Reconnaissance Group II/33 flying the twin-engine Bloch MB.170. At the start of the war there were only fifty reconnaissance crews, of which twenty-three were in his unit. Within the first few days of the German invasion of France in May 1940, seventeen of the II/33 crews were sacrificed recklessly, he writes "like glasses of water thrown onto a forest fire".
Saint-Exupéry survived the French defeat but refused to join the Royal Air Force over political differences with de Gaulle and in late 1940 went to New York where he accepted the National Book Award for "Wind, Sand and Stars". He remained in North America for two years, and then in the spring of 1943 rejoined his old unit in North Africa. In July 1944, "risking flesh to prove good faith", he failed to return from a reconnaissance mission over France.
This work was adapted as a radio drama for American audiences by the NBC Red Network and broadcast on 7 October 1942 at the Author's Playhouse. 
The work was later adapted, by Rod Wooden, in 1998 as a radio drama by BBC Radio 4, with David Threlfall playing the role of the pilot.

</doc>
<doc id="2859885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859885" title="James M. Stayer">
James M. Stayer

James M. Stayer (born 1935) is a historian specializing in the German Reformation, particularly the anabaptist movement. He is also a Professor Emeritus at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
Born in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, Stayer received his PhD from Cornell University in 1964. After teaching at Ithaca College, Bridgewater College and Bucknell University, he moved to Canada in 1968 to teach at Queen's University. He became a Canadian citizen in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="2859887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859887" title="Mundaring Weir">
Mundaring Weir

Mundaring Weir is the name of a dam (and historically the adjoining locality) which are located from Perth, Western Australia in the Darling Scarp. It is situated in the Mundaring locality. The dam crosses the Helena River.
The town of Mundaring was gazetted in 1898, the same year as the commencement of construction of the dam.
History.
A soldier, Ensign Robert Dale, became the first European to explore the region in 1829.
European populations did not grow significantly until construction of the dam in the late 1890s. This involved the building of a railway line from Mundaring to the Mundaring Weir site. The Irish Australian engineer C. Y. O'Connor was involved the design of a scheme that transported water to the Eastern Goldfields of Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie in the eastern part of Western Australia.
The lake created by the dam was known as the Helena River Reservoir, however it is now known as Lake C.Y. O'Connor.
The owner of the dam, the Water Corporation, refers to the weir as Mundaring Dam on its website, but no other authority, such as Geographic Names, or Geosciences Australia uses this term. The Mundaring Shire uses an image of the Mundaring Weir in its logo.
Work commenced to raise the dam in the late 1940s, which was completed in November 1951.
In the early 1970s the downstream dam from the weir—the 'Lower Helena Pumpback Dam' was constructed.
It last overflowed into the Helena Valley in 1996.
Dam monitoring.
Like any structure of its age and design, the weir requires monitoring and repairs and maintenance.
On the original structure the central small building was used for aspects of monitoring the weir's internal status - it was rebuilt on the heightening of the dam, although it was no longer used for its original purpose.
In 2009 two face wall entrance points were created on either side (north and south) of the face to facilitate access to the monitoring tunnels. The weir leaks, and the two photos following show consistent stain/moisture points between 2008 and 2010 where water moves through the structure:
Changes 2010-2014.
The Mundaring Weir Water Supply improvement project will see considerable changes to pumping stations, water treatment plants and the general amenities around the weir.
Railway.
Mundaring Weir was the terminus of the Mundaring Weir Branch Railway, which was originally constructed by the Public Works Department of WA for the transport of materials for the construction of the dam.
It was only after the completion of the weir that the location became popular with picnickers and sightseers, as the project caught the imagination of the public in Perth.
The landscaped grounds of the weir, and the lower zig-zag section of the end of the railway line (which can still be seen when the capacity of the dams falls below approximately 35%) feature prominently in postcards of numerous weekend and special picnic excursion trains that travelled to the weir from the 1910s until the late 1940s.
The steepness of the Mundaring weir railway line restricted the capacity of the railways to conduct the picnic trains, as the Msa Garratt steam engines were the most suitable, but in short supply, at times when the weir was overflowing in the 1940s.
The railway line was closed in 1952.
Additionally, a tramway, using timber rails, was constructed to convey sawn timber from a mill from the site of what is today known as The Dell in Paulls Valley to the weir from where it was railed on the above railway line. It opened in 1909 and closed in 1913.
Facilities.
Mundaring Weir Hotel, previously known as the Reservoir Hotel, then the Goldfields Weir Hotel has been in the area since 1898. It was a crucial location where O'Connor stayed regularly during the construction of the weir.
After a period of decline it has regained popularity in recent years becoming a get-away for Perth residents, due to the current owner, Jens Jorgensen who bought it in 1984. It has been the location of annual concerts which included David Helfgott concerts during and after his recovered career as concert pianist
The old 'Pumping Station Number 1' is now the C Y O'Connor Museum run by the National Trust. There is also the Kookaburra outdoor cinema, and the Department of Environment and Conservation has the Hills Forest activity centre, as well as a regional administrative office.
Before rationalisation of its work force at this locality, the Water Authority of Western Australia's operations at the Weir maintained housing for its workers. There is a youth hostel (built at the site of the now defunct primary school), an Art Gallery in the area and many picnicking spots. There is still rangers housing at the site, along with functioning pumping stations and water treatment facilities.
Bibbulmun Track.
The walking trail Bibbulmun Track commences in Kalamunda following Piesse Brook, then along the south side of the Helena valley. Crossing the weir wall the track follows the northern side of C.Y.O'Connor lake before turning south and continuing the journey to Albany.
Golden Pipeline Project.
The history and context of the whole Goldfields Water Supply Scheme was celebrated by the Golden Pipeline project, where the Water Corporation had the National Trust of Australia (WA) create an 'interpretation' of the history of the scheme with guide books, trails, and web-sites to provide information about the history of the scheme. Most of this project was developed between 2001 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2859889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859889" title="G. P. Pillai">
G. P. Pillai

Govindan Paramaswaran Pillai (1864–1903) was born in Alathoor in Kerala, India, in an aristocratic Nair family.
After gaining a B.A. at the University of Madras he was admitted to the Middle Temple in London in 1898, where he was called to the bar in 1902. He later established the first English language newspaper in South India, the "Madras Standard".
Participation in Indian freedom struggle.
The formation of the Indian National Congress in 1885 led to increased agitation for Indian independence from British rule. was the earliest leader of the organisation from Kerala, and twice served as its General Secretary. He was well-known as editor of the "Madras Standard" and as an activist for civil rights in Travancore State. A forceful writer and orator, he had wide contacts in Britain as well as India. Mahatma Gandhi acknowledged the help and guidance given to him by Pillai in the South African Indian issue and also in the temperance movement. 

</doc>
<doc id="2859891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859891" title="Phil Jaques">
Phil Jaques

Philip Anthony Jaques (; born 3 May 1979 in Wollongong, New South Wales) is an Australian cricketer. . He is a left-handed opening batsman who has played first-class cricket for New South Wales, Northamptonshire, Yorkshire and Worcestershire, as well as international cricket for Australia. He was married to the Australian women's soccer player Danielle Small from 2006 to 2009. He is now married to a girl from the shire and is the father to a son.
Early career and domestic success.
Jaques commenced his cricketing career whilst a student at Nareena Hills Public School in Wollongong. A junior with the Wests team in Wollongong he moved onto the Sutherland club while still attending Figtree High School to further his career. In 1999 Jaques was awarded a cricketing scholarship by New South Wales, which enabled him to spend the English summer playing for Northern Cricket Club near Liverpool. A last minute call up to the NSW team on 15 March 2001 for a match against Queensland saw him rush from Sydney to Brisbane where he arrived in time to debut at the unfamiliar number 10 position with the score at 70/8, up against a Queensland attack on a seaming green-top, he top scored with 40.
After struggling to establish himself for New South Wales thereafter, Jaques transformed his career by signing for the English County Championship side Northamptonshire in 2003. He was prolific, hitting over 1200 runs including a triple century and returned to NSW an established member of the Pura Cup Champions. 2003/04 saw the consolidation of Jaques' English form in Australia as he built a reputation of being a player who could score quickly but also occupy the crease for many hours. After returning to England to play for Yorkshire (1,118 runs in 2004 and 1,359 in 2005) and maintaining a consistent standard with New South Wales (1,191 runs in 2004–05), many were calling for his promotion to the national team. He went back to England to play for Worcestershire for the 2006 and 2007 seasons, where he scored 1689 runs in 18 matches. Uniquely for the current Australian test team, Jaques has played more first-class games overseas than he has in Australia (62 overseas, mainly in England, 51 in Australia as of 25 November 2007). His batting average in the English County Championship is also quite a lot better than his average in the Pura Cup (59.31 compared to 47.46 as of 25 November 2007).
Eligibility.
Jaques was born to English parents, Stuart and Mary, and is a holder of a British passport. This made him eligible to play for both England and Australia. With Matthew Hayden and Justin Langer established at the top of the Australian batting line up, Jaques himself did not rule out qualifying to become an English player. However, his desire to play for Australia proved too strong and his record breaking form in 2004–05 led to his Australian international call up. Jaques now plays for English county side Nottinghamshire. He qualifies as a local player because of his English parents. Jaques retired Australian first class cricket in early 2012, to go to England for the rest of his career.
International cricket.
In 2005–06 a timely century in the Pura Cup followed three consecutive centuries in the ING Cup for New South Wales, and Jaques was selected for the Australian squad for the 2nd Test against South Africa starting on Boxing Day, 2005 in Melbourne after regular opener Justin Langer pulled a hamstring in the previous match. He was unable to capitalise however, making only 2 and 28. Jaques was given another chance making 66 in his second Test against Bangladesh in April 2006 after Langer was ruled out with concussion sustained in an earlier Test.
Making his One-Day International debut for Australia against South Africa, Jaques made 94, falling six runs short of his maiden century. His innings broke a 23-year-old record of the highest score on debut for Australia in a One-Day International. In November 2006, Jaques scored successive centuries in three days against England, in the warm up to the 2006–07 Ashes series in Australia. His first, playing for a Prime Minister's XI, was an impressive 112. His second was 107, playing for New South Wales. However the selectors stuck with regular openers Hayden and Langer and Jaques was forced to bide his time with NSW. One year later, and following the retirement from international cricket of Justin Langer, Jaques was called up to the Test squad for the home series against Sri Lanka ahead of his rival for the place, Western Australia's Chris Rogers, in part due to a fluent second innings 167 in a Pura Cup match against Western Australia in which Rogers scored 9 and 17.
Jaques took full advantage of his opportunity to start to cement a permanent opening slot in the Australian side by scoring his maiden test century in the first test at the Gabba. Jaques was dropped on 68 and 90 but made the most of these lives to notch up his first hundred at international level with a boundary off the first ball after a drinks break. His century came from 196 balls and included 14 fours, it having taken him 34 deliveries to get off the mark. He was dismissed without adding to his score just seven balls later, stumped by Prasanna Jayawardene off Muttiah Muralitharan. One week later, Jaques impressed again by scoring 150 and 68 in the second test at the Bellerive Oval. This was enough for him to be selected as Hayden's opening partner for the 2008 West Indies tour where he starred with a century in the final test at Bridgetown. On the subsequent tour to India he was dropped when Simon Katich was selected ahead of him. He returned home early to have surgery on long term back problems, and did not return to the Test team.

</doc>
<doc id="2859896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859896" title="Democratic education">
Democratic education

Democratic education is an educational ideal in which democracy is both a goal and a method of instruction. It brings democratic values to education and can include self-determination within a community of equals, as well as such values as justice, respect and trust.
History.
The history of democratic education spans from at least the 1600s. While it is associated with a number of individuals, there has been no central figure, establishment, or nation that advocated democratic education.
Enlightenment era.
In 1693, John Locke published Some Thoughts Concerning Education. In describing the teaching of children, he declares, “None of the things they are to learn, should ever be made a burthen to them, or impos'd on them as a task. Whatever is so propos'd, presently becomes irksome; the mind takes an aversion to it, though before it were a thing of delight or indifferency. Let a child but be order'd to whip his top at a certain time every day, whether he has or has not a mind to it; let this be but requir'd of him as a duty, wherein he must spend so many hours morning and afternoon, and see whether he will not soon be weary of any play at this rate.”
Jean-Jacques Rousseau’s book of advice on education, Émile, was first published in 1762. Émile, the imaginary pupil he uses for illustration, was only to learn what he could appreciate as useful. He was to enjoy his lessons, and learn to rely on his own judgement and experience. “The tutor must not lay down precepts, he must let them be discovered,” wrote Rousseau, and urged him not make Émile learn science, but let him discover it. He also said that we should not substitute books for personal experience because this does not teach us to reason; it teaches us to use other people’s reasoning; it teaches us to believe a great deal but never to know anything.
19th century.
While Locke and Rousseau were concerned only with the education of the children of the wealthy, in the 19th century Leo Tolstoy set up a school for peasant children. This was on his own estate at Yasnaya Polyana, Russia, in the late 19th century. He tells us that the school evolved freely from principles introduced by teachers and pupils; that in spite of the preponderating influence of the teacher, the pupil had always had the right not to come to school, or, having come, not to listen to the teacher, and that the teacher had the right not to admit a pupil, and was able to use all the influence he could muster to win over the community, where the children were always in the majority.
20th century.
Dom Sierot.
In 1912 Janusz Korczak founded Dom Sierot, the Jewish orphanage in Warsaw, which was run on democratic lines until 1940, when he accompanied all his charges to the gas-chambers of the Treblinka extermination camp.
Influential democratic schools.
The oldest democratic school that still exists is Summerhill, in Suffolk, England, founded in 1921. It features voluntary class attendance and a School Meeting with broad powers. In the 1960s, hundreds of schools opened based on Summerhill, however A.S. Neill, the founder of Summerhill, distanced himself from American Summerhill schools for not successfully implementing the philosophy of "Freedom, not license."
Sudbury Valley School, founded in Framingham, Massachusetts in 1968, has full democratic governance: The School Meeting manages all aspects of the school, including staff hiring and facilities. 
The Democratic School of Hadera, founded in Israel in 1987, is publicly funded. It offers voluntary classes. There are now more than twenty democratic schools in Israel.
Free schools movement.
Progressive education (including many schools based on Summerhill) became a broad movement in the 1960s and 1970s, but was largely renounced by the 1980s.
Networks.
Networks supporting democratic education include:
IDEC 2005 named 2 core beliefs: self-determination and democratic governance. EUDEC has both of these beliefs, and mutual respect is also in their belief statement. IDEN supports schools that self-identify as democratic.
Variety.
Democratic education comes in many different forms. These are some of the areas in which democratic schools differ.
Curriculum.
Democratic schools are characterized by involving students in the decision-making process that affects what and how they learn. Some democratic schools have no mandatory curriculum, considering forced learning to be undemocratic. Most democratic schools officially offer voluntary courses, and many help interested students to prepare for national examinations so they gain qualifications for further study or future employment. Some democratic schools have no official offering of courses, although courses can be offered or requested by school members.
Administrative structure.
Democratic schools often have meetings open to all students and staff, where everyone present has a voice and sometimes an equal vote. Some include parents. These school meetings can cover anything from small matters to the appointment or dismissal of staff and the creation or annulment of rules, or to general expenditure and the structure of the school day. At some schools all students are expected to attend these meetings, at others they are voluntary. The main school meeting may also set up sub-committees to deal with particular issues, such as conflict resolution.
Conflict resolution.
Within the purview of democratic values, there is wide scope for how conflicts are resolved. There may be a formal system, with due process and the rule of law. There may be rules but no punishments. Other possibilities include, but are not limited to, a consensus process, mediation, and informal dialogue.
Other.
Finance: Some democratic learning environments are parent-funded, some charity-funded. Schools may have a sliding scale based on family income. Publicly funded democratic schools exist in Canada and Israel
Size: Democratic schools vary in size from a few students to a few hundred. Even an individual unschooler can be described as learning democratically, if they are treated with democratic values.
Age range: Age mixing is a deliberate policy in some democratic schools. It may include very young children, even babies. Some democratic schools only enroll older students.
Location: Democratic education is not limited to any particular setting. Settings for democratic learning communities include in an office building, on city streets, and in a rural area.
Theory.
While types of democratic education are as numerous as types of democracy, a general definition of democratic education is "an education that democratizes learning itself." The goals of democratic education vary according to the participants, the location, and access to resources.
There is no unified body of literature, spanning multiple disciplines, on democratic education. However, there are theories of democratic education from the following perspectives:
Cognitive theory.
During the practice theory movement, there was renewed interest in child development. Jean Piaget's theory of universal steps in comprehension and general patterns in the acquisition of knowledge was challenged by experiences at democratic schools. "No two kids ever take the same path. Few are remotely similar. Each child is so unique, so exceptional."
Jean Lave was one of the first and most prominent social anthropologists to discuss cognition within the context of cultural settings presenting a firm argument against the functionalist psychology that many educationalists refer to implicitly.
For Lave, learning is a process ungone by an actor within a specific context. The skills or knowledge learned in one process are not generalizable nor reliably transferred to other areas of human action. Her primary focus was on mathematics in context and mathematics education.
The broader implications reached by Lave and others who specialize in situated learning are that beyond the argument that certain knowledge is necessary to be a member of society (a Durkheimian argument), knowledge learned in the context of a school is not reliably transferable to other contexts of practice.
John Locke argues that children are capable of reasoning at a young age: “It will perhaps be wonder’d, that I mention reasoning with children; and yet I cannot but think that the true way of dealing with them. They understand it as early as they do language; and, if I misobserve not, they love to be treated as rational creatures, sooner than is imagin’d,” Rousseau disagreed: “Use force with children and reasoning with men."
Humans are innately curious, and democratic education supports the belief that the drive to learn is sufficiently strong to motivate children to become effective adults.
Criticism based on cognitive theory.
The human brain is not fully developed until adulthood. A disadvantage of teenagers being responsible for their own education is that "young brains have both fast-growing synapses and sections that remain unconnected. This leaves teens easily influenced by their environment and more prone to impulsive behavior".
Ethics.
Democracy can be valued on ethical grounds.
Cultural theory.
Democratic education is consistent with the cultural theory that "learning in school must be continuous with life outside of school" and that children should become active participants in the control and organization of their community.
Research on hunter-gatherer societies indicates that free play and exploration were effective transmitters of the societies' culture to children.
According to George Dennison, democratic environments are social regulators: Our desire to cultivate friendships, engender respect, and maintain what George Dennison terms ‘natural authority’ encourages us to act in socially acceptable ways (i.e. culturally informed practices of fairness, honesty, congeniality, etc.).
Criticism based on cultural theory.
Children are influenced by many curricula beyond the school curriculum: TV curricula, advertisers' curricula, curricula of religious communities, Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts, encyclopedias etc. and therefore "one of the most significant tasks any school can undertake is to try to develop in youngsters an awareness of these other curricula and an ability to criticize them…it is utter nonsense to think that by turning children loose in an unplanned and unstructured environment they can be freed in any significant way. Rather, they are thereby abandoned to the blind forces of the hucksters, whose primary concern is neither the children, nor the truth, nor the decent future of ... society."
Émile Durkheim argues that the transition from primitive to modern societies occurred in part as elders made a conscious decision to transmit what were deemed the most essential elements of their culture to the following generations. He concludes that modern societies are so complex—much more complex than primitive hunter-gatherer societies—and the roles that individuals must fill in society are so varied, that formal mass-education is necessary to instill social solidarity and what he terms ‘secular morality’.
Political theory.
There are a variety of political components to democratic education. One author identifies those elements as inclusivity and rights, equal participation in decision-making, and equal encouragement for success. The Institute for Democratic Education's principles of democratic education identifies several political principles,
Effect on quality of education.
The type of political socialization that takes place in democratic schools is strongly related to deliberative democracy theory. Claus Offe and Ulrich Preuss, two theorists of the political culture of deliberative democracies argue that in its cultural production deliberative democracy requires “an open-ended and continuous learning process in which the roles of both ‘teacher’ and ‘curriculum’ are missing. In other words, what is to be learned is a matter that we must settle in the process of learning itself."
The political culture of a deliberative democracy and its institutions, they argue, would facilitate more “dialogical forms of making one’s voice heard” which would “be achieved within a framework of liberty, within which paternalism is replaced by autonomously adopted self-paternalism, and technocratic elitism by the competent and self-conscious judgment of citizens."
As a curricular, administrative and social operation within schools, democratic education is essentially concerned with equipping people to make "real choices about fundamental aspects of their lives" and happens "within" and "for" democracy. It can be "a process where teachers and students work collaboratively to reconstruct curriculum to include everyone." In at least one conception, democratic education teaches students "to participate in consciously reproducing their society, and conscious social reproduction." This role necessitates democratic education happening in a variety of settings and being taught by a variety of people, including "parents, teachers, public officials, and ordinary citizens." Because of this "democratic education begins not only with children who are to be taught but also with citizens who are to be their teachers."
Preparation for life in a democracy.
The "strongest, political rationale" for democratic education is that it teaches "the virtues of democratic deliberation for the sake of future citizenship." This type of education is often alluded to in the deliberative democracy literature as fulfilling the necessary and fundamental social and institutional changes necessary to develop a democracy that involves intensive participation in group decision making, negotiation, and social life of consequence.
Civic education.
The concept of the hidden curriculum includes the belief that anything taught in an authoritarian setting is implicitly teaching authoritarianism. Thus civic education, if taught in a compulsory setting, undermines its own lessons in democracy. A common belief in democratic schools is that democracy must be experienced to be learned. This argument conforms to the cognition-in-context research by Lave.
Another common belief, which supports the practice of compulsory classes in civic education, is that passing on democratic values requires an imposed structure.
Arguments about how to transmit democracy, and how much and how early to treat children democratically, are made in various literatures concerning student voice, youth participation and other elements of youth empowerment.
Economic theory.
Core features of democratic education align with the emerging consensus on 21st century business and management priorities. Such features include increased collaboration, decentralized organization, and radical creativity.
Curriculum theory.
While democratic schools don't have an official curriculum, what each student actually does might be considered their own curriculum.
Democratic schools may not consider reading, writing and arithmetic to be the real basics for being a successful adult. A.S. Neill said "To hell with arithmetic." Nonetheless, there is a common belief that people will eventually learn "the basics" when they develop internal motivation.
Democratic education in practice.
Play.
A striking feature of democratic schools is the ubiquity of play. Students of all ages — but especially the younger ones — often spend most of their time either in free play, or playing games (electronic or otherwise). All attempts to limit, control or direct play must be democratically approved before being implemented. Play is seen as activity every bit as worthy as academic pursuits, often even more valuable. Play is considered essential for learning, particularly in fostering creativity.
Reading, writing and arithmetic.
Interest in learning to read happens at a wide variety of ages.
Education in a democratic society.
As English aristocracy was giving way to democracy, Matthew Arnold investigated popular education in France and other countries to determine what form of education suited a democratic age. Arnold wrote that "the spirit of democracy" is part of "human nature itself", which engages in "the effort to affirm one's own essence...to develop one's own existence fully and freely."
During the industrial age, John Dewey argued that children should not all be given the same pre-determined curriculum. In Democracy and Education he develops a philosophy of education based on democracy. He argues that while children should be active participants in the creation of their education, and while children must experience democracy to learn democracy, they need adult guidance to develop into responsible adults.
Amy Gutmann argues in Democratic Education that in a democratic society, there is a role for everyone in the education of children. These roles are best agreed upon through deliberative democracy.
The journal Democracy and Education investigates "the conceptual foundations, social policies, institutional structures, and teaching/learning practices associated with democratic education." By "democratic education" they mean "educating youth...for active participation in a democratic society."
Training Programs.
Israel's Institute for Democratic Education and Kibbutzim College in Tel Aviv collaborate to offer a Bachelor of Education (B. Ed.) degree with a Specialization Certificate in Democratic Education. Student teaching placements are in both regular schools and democratic schools.
Legal Issues.
The United Nations and democratic education.
United Nations agreements both support and place restrictions on education options, including democratic education:
Article 26(3) of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that "Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children." While this in itself may allow parents the right to choose democratic education, Articles 28 and 29 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child place requirements on educational programs: Primary education is compulsory, all aspects of each student must be developed to their full potential, and education must include the development of respect for things such as national values and the natural environment, in a spirit of friendship among all peoples.
Furthermore, while Article 12(1) of the Convention mandates that children be able to have input on all matters that effect them, their input will have limited weight, "due weight in accordance with the age and maturity of the child."
Summerhill.
In 1999, Summerhill received a 'notice of complaint' over its policy of non-compulsory lessons, a procedure which would usually have led to closure; Summerhill contested the notice and went before a special educational tribunal. Summerhill was represented by a noted human rights lawyer, Geoffrey Robertson QC. The government's case soon collapsed, and a settlement was offered. This offer was discussed and agreed at a formal school meeting which had been hastily convened in the courtroom from a quorum of pupils and teachers who were present in court. The settlement guaranteed that future inspections of Summerhill would be consistent with Summerhill's educational philosophy.

</doc>
<doc id="2859897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859897" title="MacLehose Trail">
MacLehose Trail

The MacLehose Trail (), opened on 26 October 1979, is a hiking trail that crosses much of the New Territories, starting from Pak Tam Chung, Sai Kung, in the east to Tuen Mun in the west in the territory of Hong Kong. The whole trail is 100 kilometres long, marked by distance posts at 500m intervals along the path. It is named after Sir Murray MacLehose, the longest serving governor of Hong Kong, who established the Country Parks and was himself an enthusiastic hiker. The trail passes through a variety of natural and beautiful scenery including exquisite beaches and mountain peaks which contrast what many would associate as typical Hong Kong landscapes.
The New Territories, through which the MacLehose Trail runs, covers the majority of the SAR's land area. Here is Hong Kong's most varied - and finest - countryside. The east coast, where the Trail begins, is deeply indented and wild. The central mountains, which the MacLehose Trail crosses, include many of Hong Kong's highest peaks. And the western part, where the Trail winds to its end, has impressive valley reservoirs.
Stages.
The MacLehose Trail is divided into ten stages:
Trailwalker.
Oxfam Trailwalker, a major fundraising event in Hong Kong, takes place annually in November on the MacLehose Trail and additional route. The Start Point is at Pak Tam Chung in Sai Kung and the Finish Point is at Po Leung Kuk Jockey Club Tai Tong Holiday Camp in Yuen Long.

</doc>
<doc id="2859899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859899" title="California State Route 117">
California State Route 117

Two (post-1964) highways in the U.S. state of California have been designated Route 117:

</doc>
<doc id="2859902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859902" title="Chronopolis">
Chronopolis

Chronopolis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2859905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859905" title="Abhisit Vejjajiva">
Abhisit Vejjajiva

Abhisit Vejjajiva (; (Thai pronunciation); IPA: ; born 3 August 1964) is a Thai politician who was the 27th Prime Minister of Thailand from 2008 to 2011 and is the current leader of the Democrat Party. As leader of the second largest party in the House of Representatives, he was also Leader of the Opposition – a position he held from December 2008 until his party's en masse resignation from the House on 8 December 2013. That same month, he was formally charged with murder resulting from a crackdown on demonstrators in 2010 that killed 90 people.
Born in England, Abhisit attended Eton College and earned bachelors and masters degrees from the University of Oxford. He was elected to the Parliament of Thailand at age 27, and promoted to Democrat Party leader in 2005, after his predecessor resigned following the party's defeat in the 2005 general election.
Abhisit was appointed Prime Minister of Thailand on 17 December 2008, after the Constitutional Court of Thailand removed Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat from office. At age 44, he was the country's youngest prime minister in more than 60 years.
Abhisit became Premier at a time of global economic turmoil and rising domestic political tensions. As prime minister, he promoted a "People's Agenda," which focused primarily on policies affecting the living conditions of Thailand's rural and working class citizens. He administered two economic stimulus packages: a $40 billion, three-year infrastructure improvement plan, and a more than $3 billion program of cash subsidies and handouts. By 2010, the stock market and the value of the baht had rebounded to their highest levels since the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis. Human Rights Watch called Abhisit "the most prolific censor in recent Thai history" and Freedom House downgraded Thailand's rating of media freedom to "not free."
Abhisit's government faced major protests in April 2009 and April–May 2010. The military's crackdowns on protesters left many dead. Abhisit launched a reconciliation plan to investigate the crackdown, but the work of the investigation commission was hampered by military and government agencies. The Thai Army clashed with Cambodian troops numerous times from 2009 to 2010 in the bloodiest fighting in over 2 decades. The South Thailand insurgency escalated during Abhisit's government, and reports of torture and human rights violations increased.
Having resigned the party leadership after the defeat the Democrats suffered in the parliamentary elections of 2011, Abhisit was re-elected as leader at a party assembly.
Early life and family.
Mark Abhisit Vejjajiva was born in Wallsend, Newcastle upon Tyne, England. He studied in England from the age of 11, where he attended Eton College and was known as "Veggie" amongst his peers. Abhisit earned a bachelor's degree in philosophy, politics and economics (PPE), first class honors, and a master's degree in economics from St John's College, Oxford. While studying in England, he went to Thailand several times, including a gap year trip in 1983 with classmate and future London Mayor Boris Johnson to the resort city of Chiang Mai and the island of Phuket.
After moving to Thailand, he received a bachelor's degree in law from Thailand's Ramkhamhaeng University, and taught at Chulachomklao Royal Military Academy and Thammasat University Faculty of Economics. He is fluent in both his mother tongue and the English language, and has dual Thai and British citizenship.
His dual citizenship became a topic for the Thai parliamentary debates in early 2011. He is ethnically Han Chinese.
Abhisit is married to Pimpen Sakuntabhai, his classmate at the Chulalongkorn University Demonstration elementary school, who was a former dentist and is now a lecturer at the Department of Mathematics at Chulalongkorn University. They have two children: Prang Vejjajiva (daughter) and Pannasit Vejjajiva (son). Pannasit has suffered from autism since birth. After his majority, the Central Juvenile and Family Court adjudged him quasi-competent and placed him under the guardianship of Abhisit, his father, as from 3 September 2012.
Abhisit also has two sisters: child psychiatrist Alisa Wacharasindhu and author Ngarmpun Vejjajiva. A cousin, Suranand Vejjajiva–whose father Nissai Vejjajiva is the brother of Abhisit's father Athasit– had also served as a cabinet minister under Thai Rak Thai and currently serves as the Prime Minister's Secretary General under Yingluck Shinawatra.
Background.
Abhisit's ancestors surnamed Yuan (袁), who moved from Vietnam to Thailand. The family name Vejjajiva was granted by King Rama VI to Abhisit's great-grandfather Dr. Long (หลง), together with Long's father Nai Jinsang (นายจิ๊นแสง), grandfather Nai Peng (นายเป๋ง) and great-grandfather Nai Go (นายก่อ) while Dr. Long was serving as an Army Medical Department sub-lieutenant ()
The Vejjajiva family came to prominence when Dr. Long, then styled Phra Bamrad Naradura, rose to public health minister, and founded the Bamrad Naradura hospital in Nonthaburi. The family name means "medical profession."
Abhisit's father, Athasit (อรรถสิทธิ์) Vejjajiva, is a former president of Mahidol University and a member of the Royal Institute of Thailand. After the National Peace Keeping Council seized power in a military coup in 1991, the military junta appointed Abhisit's father Deputy Minister of Public Health. When Abhisit became Prime Minister, Athasit was appointed director of Charoen Pokphand Foods, Thailand's largest agribusiness firm and part of the Charoen Pokphand Group.
Early political career.
Entry into politics.
Abhisit began his political career in the 1992 general elections that followed the coup, becoming a Bangkok MP for the Democrat Party. He was re-elected to the same seat in the 1995 and 1996 general elections. In the elections of 2001 and 2005, he returned to parliament as a Party List MP for the Democrat Party. He has served as Democrat Party spokesman, Government spokesman, Deputy-Secretary to the Prime Minister for Political Affairs, Chairman of the House Education Affairs Committee, and Minister to the Prime Minister's Office.
Democrat Party leader.
Abhisit was first nominated for the position of Democrat Party leader in 2003, following the resignation of then-party leader and former-Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai. However, he lost the bid in a close election with seasoned politician Banyat Bantadtan. Two years later, Banyat led the Democrat Party to an overwhelming defeat in the 2005 general elections. Banyat resigned following the elections and Abhisit was named the new party leader.
2006 elections.
In February 2006, then-Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra dissolved the House of Representatives and called for new elections in April. In response, Abhisit announced that the Democrats and other opposition parties would boycott the elections. They claimed the elections lacked legitimacy, and were an attempt by Thaksin to divert public attention from his tax free sales of the Shin Corporation to Temasek Holdings.
Thaksin's Thai Rak Thai Party won an overwhelming majority in the virtually uncontested April 2006 election. However, the elections also left 38 seats vacant in the House of Representatives, because some Thai Rak Thai candidates were unable to garner the constitutionally required minimum of 20% of the vote to hold office. In the ensuing political crisis, Thaksin announced he would step down as Prime Minister, and the Constitutional Court ultimately invalidated the election results.
The Thai Rak Thai party charged the Democrats with bribing other small political parties into boycotting the April 2006 elections. An 11-member fact-finding panel headed by Deputy Attorney-General Chaikasem Nitisiri voted unanimously in June 2006 to recommend dissolving the Democrat Party, as well as Thai Rak Thai and three other parties, based on evidence that the Democrats bribed other opposition parties into boycotting the elections. In February 2007, candidates from the Progressive Democratic Party testified before the Constitution Tribunal that they were duped into registering for candidacy in the April elections. Three witnesses testified that Democrat leaders Thaworn Senniam, Wirat Kalayasiri, and Jua Ratchasi encouraged protesters to disrupt the registration of candidates during the by-elections after the April 2006 election. Prosecutors contended that the party tried to disqualify the election results and force continuous rounds of by-elections. The defense claimed that the witnesses were hired by the Thai Rak Thai party to discredit the Democrats. Ultimately, the Constitutional Court of Thailand acquitted Abhisit and the Democrats of bribery, and instead banned Thaksin's Thai Rak Thai party for the same charges.
2006 military coup.
On 19 September 2006, only weeks before the scheduled elections, the military seized power in the 2006 Thailand coup. Abhisit voiced his disapproval of the coup just hours before all political activities were banned:
Abhisit and the Democrats supported the military junta's 2007 draft constitution on the grounds that rejecting it would give more power to the junta. Abhisit said the Democrat Party considered the new constitution similar to the 1997 Constitution, but with improvements as well as faults. "If we wanted to please the Council for National Security we would reject the draft so it could pick a charter of its own choosing. If we reject the draft, it will be like handing out power to the Council. We have come up with this stand because we care about national interest and want democracy to be restored soon," he said. Abhisit said he would seek to amend the Constitution if he was named prime minister.
2007 elections.
The Democrat Party remained in the opposition after the December 2007 parliamentary election. In a parliamentary vote to select a new prime minister on 28 January 2008, Samak Sundaravej of the People's Power Party defeated Abhisit by a vote of 310 to 163. On 9 September 2008, Mr. Samak was removed from the post by the Constitutional Court for receiving payment as the host of a TV cooking program.
In the crisis that followed, some Democrat Party members became leaders of the People's Alliance for Democracy, which organized a six-month-long demonstration and seized Government House, Don Muang Airport, and Suvarnabhumi Airport. Abhisit voiced displeasure at the sieges, but did not stop his deputies from their leadership of the PAD. The sieges ended after the Constitutional Court banned the People's Power Party. Army commander and co-leader of the 2006 coup, General Anupong Paochinda, allegedly coerced several PPP MPs from the Friends of Newin Group to defect to the Democrat Party, allowing Abhisit to be elected Prime Minister.
Upon becoming Premiere, Abhisit promised to enforce the rule of law and prosecute the 21 Peoples Alliance for Democracy leaders who were responsible for seizing Don Muang and Suvarnabhumi Airports. As of February 2010, arrest warrants still had not been issued for the airport seizures. On 24 February 2010, government prosecutors deferred a decision for the eighth time to decide whether to indict the nine leaders of the PAD over the 7-month long seizure of Government House. However, as the PAD leaders did not come testify voluntarily, the judge could not make the decision and the process was thereby delayed.
Rise to Premiership.
When Thaksin called for new elections in April 2006, Abhisit said he was "prepared to become a prime minister who adheres to the principles of good governance and ethics, not authoritarianism." On 29 April Abhisit announced his candidacy for Prime Minister at the Democrat Party annual convention. He promised a "People's Agenda," with education as the main focus. He used the campaign slogan "Putting People First." He also vowed not to privatize basic utilities such as water and electricity, and to nationalize state enterprises that Thaksin had privatized. Regarding core elements of the so-called "Thaksinomics", Abhisit promised "the benefits from certain populist policies, such as the 30-Baht healthcare scheme, the Village Fund and the SML (Small Medium Large) scheme, will not be revoked but instead improved." He later urged that Thaksin's popular 30-Baht health care scheme should be replaced with a system where access to medical services was totally free. Abhisit stated that all future Democrat MPs would have to declare their assets and any involvement in private companies. (By law, only members of the cabinet needed to declare their assets.)
Abhisit raised more than Bt200 million at the Democrat Party's 60th Anniversary dinner. He outlined several energy policies, including increasing dividend payments from state-owned oil company PTT and using the funds to repay Oil Fund debts, and having state-owned electric utility EGAT absorb part of the rising fuel prices. Abhisit later outlined plans to reduce retail petrol prices by eliminating the 2.50 baht/litre tax used to maintain the government's Oil Fund.
On 13 July 2006, Abhisit promised to deal with escalating violence in the South by making the problems in the Southern provinces a public agenda.
Abhisit also promised many populist policies including providing free education, textbooks, milk, and supplemental foods for nursery school students and increasing the minimum wage.
Following the Constitutional Court of Thailand's removal of prime minister Samak Sundaravej in 2008 for vested interests by taking a salary from a cooking show while in the seat of PM, Abhisit lost the National Assembly vote for Prime Minister by 163 votes to 298 for Somchai Wongsawat, ex-PM Thaksin Shinawatra's brother in law. On 2 December 2008, the Constitutional Court banned the three government parties for election fraud, including the PPP, thus dissolving the governing coalition and paving the way for a Democrat-led government. The Court also removed Somchai from office and banned him from politics for five years for his involvement in the scandal as one of PPP's executive board members. He was succeeded by a deputy.
After Somchai was removed and the PPP dissolved, the MPs of the parties which had been in coalition with the PPP forged a new coalition with the Democrat Party, which had been in opposition until then. Most of the defectors were MPs from the Friends of Newin faction of the PPP, as well as the Bhumjaithai Party, the Puea Pandin Party, the Chartthaipattana Party, and the Rum Chart Pattana Party. The defection of the powerful Friends of Newin Group came about due to the alleged coercion by Army Commander General Anupong Paochinda, a move that Senator Khamnoon Sitthisamarn called an "Anupong-style coup." The Democrat-led coalition was able to endorse Abhisit as Prime Minister. Abhisit became Prime Minister after winning a vote in parliament on 15 December 2008.
Prime Minister of Thailand.
Abhisit was formally endorsed by King Bhumibol Adulyadej as Prime Minister on 17 December 2008. Key appointments in Abhisit's government included PAD leader Kasit Piromya as Foreign Minister, construction tycoon Chaovarat Chanweerakul as Interior Minister, and investment banker and former Abhisit classmate Korn Chatikavanij as Finance Minister. Massage parlor tycoon Pornthiva Nakasai was appointed Deputy Commerce Minister.
Abhisit's government saw unemployment increase by 63 percent. Thailand's government budget went into deficit for the first time since 2003. By 2010, the government's debt had bloomed and reached −4.8% of GDP, the largest budget deficit since the government of Chuan Leekpai. To help the people, Abhisit subsidized the price of diesel, LPG cooking gas, and household electricity. Public bus and train rides were provided for free.
Large-scale fighting erupted several times between Thai and Cambodian troops near Preah Vihear, leaving dozens dead. The Thai military admitted to using cluster munitions in the conflicts. The Southern Thailand insurgency worsened, and Abhisit's government was condemned by several international human rights groups for the routine and systematic torture of suspected insurgents. Thailand's military budget reached its highest level in over a decade.
Abhisit's information and communications technology (ICT) policy included increased censorship of Internet sites the government considered deemed offensive to the monarchy, cancellation of 3G 2.1 gigahertz spectrum license auctions, and larger budgets for government-owned TOT.
From 10 October to 19 November 2010, the worst floods in 50 years hit North and Northeast, Central, and then Southern Thailand. More than 230 people were killed and more than 7 million people in 25,00 villages were affected by the flooding.
Wealth.
Upon his appointment as Prime Minister in 2008, Abhisit officially declared personal assets worth 51.8 million baht (nearly $2 million). This increased to 54.4 million upon leaving office. Given that Abhisit has never worked in the private sector, the vast majority of his wealth was either inherited or given to him.
Criticisms.
In his political career, Abhisit has been a subject of hypocrisy. Prior to Abhisit’s planned speech at St John's College on 14 March 2009, Lee Jones, a researcher on International Relations of the Oxford University, sent a letter to the dean of St John's College, attacking Abhisit and his administration as "democratic hypocrites". Part of the letter read “Although it is understandable given his education at St John's, I do not believe it is appropriate to ask someone like him to address the Oxford community on the subject of 'democracy'. As you may be aware, the Abhisit administration has only come to power in Thailand following a period of naked manipulation of Thai politics by cynical political elites, including the leadership of Abhisit's own 'Democrat' Party.” Jones later clarified on his website that he had not intended to oppose the Thai PM and the event.
Abhisit also refused to resign as Prime Minister after a clash between government troops and anti-government protestors on 10 April 2010 had claimed the lives of at least 23 people and injured hundreds more, although ,in 2008, he called on the then prime minister to resign after two yellow-shirt protesters had died. 
Royal decorations.
Abhisit has received the following royal decorations in the Honours System of Thailand:

</doc>
<doc id="2859911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859911" title="Thoma Darmo">
Thoma Darmo

Mar Thoma Darmo, (born in 21 September 1904 in Mesopotamia, (present-day Iraq) - died in Baghdad on 7 September 1969), was the first Catholicos-Patriarch of the Ancient Church of the East from 1968 to 1969. 
Thoma Darmo, was born as Mansour Darmo son of Elishai and Shirine. He spent his childhood in Turkey and from 1919 in Iraq becoming a clergy in 1921. He continued to serve in Iraq for 15 years. Then he moved to Syria where he served from 1936 to 1952.
In 1952, he was assigned as Metropolitan of the Assyrian Church of the East, based at Trichur, Kerala, India until 1968. He built a number of churches and established a number of new dioceses in India, encouraged the preparation of new clergy and established the Mar Narsai Press.
In a schism against the Catholicos Patriarch Mar Eshai Shimun XXIII because of reform issues introduced by the Assyrian Church of the East as well as the hereditary system of the Patriarchate, he voiced his opposition. This resulted in a split from the Church (then headquartered in San Francisco, now headquartered in Chicago) and Darmo became one of the founders of the Ancient Church of the East. 
Subsequently, after three years of the seat of the Ancient Church of the East remaining vacant (1964-1967), Mar Thoma Darmo was elected as head of the new church as its first Catholicos-Patriarch in October 1968.
He relocated the Ancient Church of the East to Baghdad where the church is headquartered. He died the following year on 7 September 1969. He was succeeeded in 1970 by Catholicos-Patriarch Mar Addai II
References.
Mar Aprem, "Mar Thoma Darmo, a Biography", (Trichur: Mar Narsai Press, 1974).

</doc>
<doc id="2859913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859913" title="Mammoth Road">
Mammoth Road

Mammoth Road is a north–south road in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. The road runs from its origin in Lowell, Massachusetts to its northern end in Hooksett, New Hampshire, a suburb of Manchester. The total length of the road is . It was named "Mammoth" in the hope that the convenience of its directness and elimination of smaller connecting roads between thoroughfares would result in sufficient use and prestige as to "kill all the other roads."
Route description.
The southern terminus of Mammoth Road is in the center of Lowell at the junction with Pawtucket Street on the south bank of the Merrimack River, near the campus of University of Massachusetts Lowell. The road crosses over the river on the School Street Bridge and runs north toward New Hampshire. It passes through the town of Dracut and at mile 3.9 (6.3 km) it crosses the state line. In New Hampshire the road becomes New Hampshire Route 128 (NH-128) in the town of Pelham, Hillsborough County.
At mile 10.3 (16.6 km) Mammoth Road (NH-128) crosses the county line into Rockingham County and into the town of Windham. At mile 11.7 (18.9 km) the road intersects with Route 111, an east–west highway. At mile 14.9 (24.1 km) Mammoth Road crosses Route 102 (Nashua Road) in the town of Londonderry. At mile 18.8 (30.3 km) Mammoth road crosses Litchfield Road/Stonehenge Road and is the dividing line between the two named roads.
Mammoth Road merges with Route 28/Rockingham Road at mile 20 (32.2 km), heading north into Manchester for a short stretch. This point is the northern terminus of Route 128. Rockingham Road continues north for 1.7 miles (2.7 km), while Mammoth Road veers to the left and parallels Rockingham Road. At the northern end of this stretch, Mammoth Road once again connects with Route 28 until Route 28A. At mile 21.7 (34.9 km), Mammoth Road follows Route 28A and Route 28 becomes South Willow Street, heading north-northwest into downtown Manchester. Here the road is South Mammoth Road.
At mile 23.5 (37.9 km) Mammoth Road/Route 28A crosses Interstate 293/Route 101.
At mile 24.6 (39.5 km) South Mammoth Road intersects with Huse Road and Cilley Road. Here South Mammoth Road drops the "South" and returns to Mammoth Road. At mile 26.2 (42.2 km) the road crosses Bridge Street, a major east–west thoroughfare in Manchester. At mile 27.3 (43.9 km) Mammoth Road merges with Smyth Road coming from the southwest and then crosses under Interstate 93. Mammoth Road and Smyth Road are merged for only 0.2 mile (0.4 km) and then Smyth Road breaks off and continues east.
After another 0.2 mile (0.4 km), at mile 27.7 (44.5 km), Mammoth Road crosses the county line into Merrimack County and the town of Hooksett. The road is still called Mammoth Road in Hooksett.
Though originally slated to continue its northward track to Concord, at mile 29.3 (47.1 km) Mammoth Road ends its northward journey at the junction with US-3/Route 28.

</doc>
<doc id="2859914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859914" title="California State Route 54">
California State Route 54

State Route 54 (SR 54) is a California State Highway in San Diego that connects Interstate 5 to the city of El Cajon. The first section was built circa 1961, and the final section of freeway (which was upgraded from an expressway) opened in 2007.
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System. Route 54 has the three different names given by various state laws. These names include Jamacha Road (from Campo Road to East Main Street in El Cajon), South Bay Freeway (from I-805 to Route 94) and Filipino-American Highway (from its western terminus to Route 125). The freeway portion of Route 54 is commonly referred to as the South Bay Freeway, and the roadway segments are commonly referred to by their respective names (Jamacha Boulevard, Campo Road, and Jamacha Road).
Route 54 starts as a freeway from Interstate 5 at the mouth of the Sweetwater River, with westbound traffic traversing the north bank of the river and eastbound traffic traversing the south bank. Both sides join near the junction with Interstate 805 and continue east for several miles. As the freeway turns north, it becomes Route 125 and Route 54 exits at Jamacha Boulevard.
Route 54 follows Jamacha Boulevard northeast until reaching Campo Road. The portion of Route 54 along this arterial road is shared with San Diego County Route S17 and historically has been signed for S17 only.
Route 54 then shares a brief concurrency with Route 94, although this is not documented in the legal definition of either route, following Campo Road 0.5 miles east. Route 54 continues northeast on Jamacha Road to El Cajon, while Campo Road (Route 94) splits off to the southeast. Route 54 currently ends at the El Cajon city limit, though the Jamacha Road street name continues into the city to the route's previous terminus at the intersection with East Main Street (formerly US-80).
History.
Route 54 first opened between Sweetwater Road (at the site of present day North 2nd Avenue in Chula Vista) and Jamacha Boulevard in Spring Valley. The South Bay Freeway was constructed as a freeway only between its western terminus and Reo Drive, a short distance west and east of the I-805 junction, with the remainder built as an expressway.
Route 54 was extended west as a freeway to I-5 at the same time the Sweetwater River flood control channel was constructed in the early 1990s. The expressway portion from Reo Drive to South Worthington Street was upgraded to a freeway in the late 1990s, and a part-time HOV lane opened in each direction, east of I-805 only, around this time.
The State relinquished Route 54, from the southern El Cajon city limit to I-8 only, to the City of El Cajon in 1999. The portion of Route 54 within El Cajon was then incorrectly designated Interstate Business Route 54 by the City, but most business route signage has since been removed.
The remaining expressway portion of Route 54, running from South Worthington Street to Jamacha Boulevard, was replaced by a freeway in two phases in the 2000s. The first phase corresponded with construction of Route 125 north of Jamacha Boulevard and was completed in 2003. The second phase corresponded with construction of the South Bay Expressway toll road and was completed in 2007. The HOV lanes were converted to regular mixed traffic lanes shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="2859923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859923" title="Payson-Seymour High School">
Payson-Seymour High School

Payson-Seymour High School is a rural high school (grades 7-12) in Payson, Adams County, Illinois.
Ethnically the students are 100% Caucasian.
Sports.
The school has several sports team. The sports that the school gives are:

</doc>
<doc id="2859931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859931" title="Egypt national basketball team">
Egypt national basketball team

The Egyptian national basketball team is the basketball side that represents Egypt in international competitions. It is organized and run by the Egyptian Basketball Federation ().
Team Egypt has a legacy of remarkable achievements. Its 9th place finish at the 1952 Summer Olympics, as well as its 5th place finish at the 1950 FIBA World Championship, remain the best results ever of an African nation at each tournament. Further, the title of the EuroBasket 1949, is the most prestigious basketball title of an African nation as well. At the FIBA Africa Championship, Egypt holds a record number of 17 medals.
Egypt joined the International Federation of Basketball (FIBA) in 1934 and has Africa's longest basketball tradition.
History.
EuroBasket 1937.
The Egyptians finished last at the second European basketball championship, the EuroBasket 1937 held by FIBA Europe continental federation. They had lost their first two preliminary round games against Estonia and Lithuania before withdrawing from the tournament. Their remaining matches were lost by default, including the final preliminary match, the classification semifinal, and the 7th/8th playoff.
EuroBasket 1947.
Egypt was much more successful in their next appearance, EuroBasket 1947. They won all three of their preliminary group matches and their first semifinal group game. Their only loss of the tournament came to eventual gold medallist Soviet Union in the second semifinal group game, before Egypt won their third. Their 2–1 record in the semifinal group placed them second and set up a bronze medal match against Belgium, whom Egypt had defeated in the preliminary round. Egypt won again in a close 50–48 match, winning their first European medal.
EuroBasket 1949.
The following championship was both hosted and won by Egypt. In a sparsely contested event with only seven teams, none of which had placed better than third previously (France and Egypt had both done so), the Egyptians had little trouble winning their first five games. By the luck of the draw, Egypt did not face France until the last game of the tournament, so while the standings were based entirely on the seven-team round robin, the two undefeated teams found themselves facing each other in the last game of the tournament. Dominating 36–16 after the first half, the Egyptians added another point to their lead in the second half to win the game 57–36. The star player and captain Albert Tadros, deserves praise for his great skill and excellent leadership.
EuroBasket 1953.
In Moscow, the Egyptian team once again competed. EuroBasket 1953 saw the Egypt squad win their preliminary group easily, scoring more points in the round than anyone save the Soviet Union and Bulgaria, the latter of which had had one more game than Egypt. The final round was less conducive to Egyptian success, however; they defeated only Italy on their way to a 1–6 record. Their six losses included a forfeit to Israel, whom Egypt refused to play. The squad took 8th place of the 8 teams in the final round and 17 overall.
Later years.
Overall, some of the prominent players include Medhat warda, Ahmed Ismail, Alan Atallah, Salawaa and Ahmed Abuelfetouh.
Performance table.
FIBA EuroBasket record.
"Between 1937 and 1953, Egypt competed in the European Championship".
Roster.
Team for the 2013 FIBA Africa Championship.
Past rosters.
1936 Olympic Games: finished 15th among 21 teams
Abdel Moneim Wahby, Albert Tadros, Rashad Shafshak, Riad Nosseir, Wahib Hussein, G. el-Din Sabri, E. Riskalla, K. Riad
1937 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 8 teams
1947 EuroBasket: finished 3rd among 14 teams
Albert Tadros, Gabriel "Gaby" Catafago, Youssef Abbas, Fouad Abdelmeguid el-Kheir, Abdelrahman Ismail, Hussein Montasser, Wahid Saleh, Zaki Harari, Hassan Moawad, Zaki Yehia, Guido Acher, Maurice Calife
1948 Olympic Games: finished 19th among 23 teams
Albert Tadros, Gabriel "Gaby" Catafago, Fouad Abdelmeguid el-Kheir, Youssef Abbas, Abdelrahman Ismail, Hussein Montasser, Youssef Abouaouf, Medhat Youssef, Mohammed Soliman, Nessim Salah el-Dine, Robert Makzoume, Hassan Moawad, Mohammed Habib, Mahmoud Leissy
EuroBasket 1949: finished 1st among 7 teams
Gabriel "Gaby" Catafago, Albert Tadros, Youssef Abouaouf, Fouad Abdelmeguid el-Kheir, Abdelrahman Ismail, Hussein Montasser, Nessim Salah el-Dine, Wahid Saleh, Medhat Youssef, Mohammed Soliman, Youssef Abbas, Mohammed Ali el-Rashidi (Coach: Carmine "Nello" Paratore), Team captain: Albert Tadros
1950 World Championship: finished 5th among 10 teams
Gabriel "Gaby" Catafago, Albert Tadros, Fouad Abdelmeguid el-Kheir, Youssef Abbas, Youssef Abouaouf, Abdelrahman Ismail, Wahid Saleh, Hussein Montasser, Mohammed Soliman, Medhat Youssef, Mohammed Ali el-Rashidi, Mahmud Bahgat (Coach: Carmine "Nello" Paratore)
1952 Olympic Games: finished 9th among 23 teams
Gabriel "Gaby" Catafago, Albert Tadros, Abdelrahman Ismail, George Jean Chalhoub, Youssef Abouaouf, Fouad Abdelmeguid el-Kheir, Hussein Montasser, Medhat Youssef, Zaki Harari, Youssef Abbas, Mohammed Ali el-Rashidi, Mahmud Bahgat, Raymond Fehmi Saboungi, Sami Mansour
1953 EuroBasket: finished 8th among 17 teams
Gabriel "Gaby" Catafago, George Jean Chalhoub, Abdelrahman Ismail, Raymond Fehmi Saboungi, Youssef Abouaouf, Youssef Abbas, Ahmed Rashad, Hussein Montasser, Magdi Rizkallah, Ibrahim Zouzi Selim, Mahmud Bahgat, Medhat Youssef, Sami Mansour, Taha el-Barnawi (Coach: Habib Mohamed)
As United Arab Republic
1959 World Championship: finished 11th among 13 teams
George Jean Chalhoub, Raymond Fehmi Saboungi, Joseph Zacar, Fouad Hadidi, Hanafi Abutaleb, Antoine Musillia, Ahmed Sadek, Nabil Abdo, Sami Chilbaya, Adel Sabri, Hilmi Ibrahim, Eli Aramen (Coach: J.Filkud)
1970 World Championship: finished 13th among 13 teams
Mahmud Zaki, Cherif Kheir, Mohamed Gomaa, Adel Sharaf, Adel Abdel Fatah, Taha el-Chanab, Ismail Mohamed Aly Selim, Taher el-Badawi, El-Sayed Mubarak, Mohamed Kemal, Ahmed Abdelhamid el-Saharti, Mustafa el-Sayed (Coach: Mahmud Abdul Kheir)
As Egypt
1972 Olympic Games: finished 16th among 16 teams
Awad Abdelnabi, Ahmed Aboulkheir, Mohamed Khaled, Ismail Mohamed Aly Selim, Mohamed Kemal, El-Sayed Tewfik, Mohamed Talaat, Ismail Adel Ibrahim, Fathi Kamel, Ahmed Abdelhamid el-Saharti, Ahmed Mubarak Abdelhamid (Coach: Carmine "Nello" Paratore)
1976 Olympic Games: finished 12th among 12 teams
Awad Abdelnabi, Mohamed Essam Khaled, Ismail Mohamed Aly Selim, Mohamed Khaled el-Said, Fathi Kamel, Medhat Warda, Osman Farid, Mohamed Hanafi el-Gohari, Hamdi el-Seoudi, Ahmed Abdelhamid el-Saharti, Sayed Aboul Dahab, Mohamed Osman (Coach: Ahmed Fouad Aboulkheir)
1984 Olympic Games: finished 12th among 12 teams
Alain-Pierre Attallah, Medhat Warda, Mohamed Essam Khaled, Tarek el-Sabbagh, Ahmed Marei, Essameldin Aboulenein, Abdelkader Rabieh, Amin Shouman, Abdelhadi Ahmed el-Gazzar, Mohamed Sayed Soliman, Amir Abdelmaguid, Khaled Bekhit (Coach: Ahmed Fouad Aboulkheir)
1988 Olympic Games: finished 12th among 12 teams
Alain-Pierre Attallah, Ahmed Soliman, Hani Moussa, Amir Abou el-Kheir, El-Sayed Mohamed, Alaa el-Din Abdoun, Ashraf Mahmoud, Mohamed Ismail, Hesham Khalil, Mohamed el-Shakeri, Ashraf Mohamed el-Kordy, Emad el-Kin el-Sayed (Coach: Adel Sabri)
1990 World Championship: finished 16th among 16 teams
Alain-Pierre Attallah, Mohamed Soliman, Sherif Nabil el-Sanadily, Fathi Abdel-Aziz, Mahmoud Abdel-Latif, Ashraf Mahmoud, Emad Mahmoud Aly, Hesham Shaban, Ashraf Mohamed el-Kordy, Ahmed Abou el-Fetouh, Mohamed Abdel Moteleb, Amir Abou el-Kheir (Coach: Cal Luther)
1994 World Championship: finished 14th among 16 teams

</doc>
<doc id="2859932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859932" title="Twisk">
Twisk

Twisk is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Medemblik, and lies about 10 km north of Hoorn.
Twisk was a separate municipality until 1979, when the new municipality of Noorder-Koggenland was created.
In 2001, the small village centre of Twisk had 398 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.07 km², and contained 159 residences. Most of the population of Twisk lives outside the centre, along the road between Opperdoes and Abbekerk. The wider statistical area of Twisk has a population of around 1160. This includes the hamlet Het Westeinde, close to Opperdoes.

</doc>
<doc id="2859941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859941" title="Flu season">
Flu season

Flu season is an annually recurring time period characterized by the prevalence of outbreaks of influenza (flu). The season occurs during the cold half of the year in each hemisphere. Influenza activity can sometimes be predicted and even tracked geographically. While the beginning of major flu activity in each season varies by location, in any specific location these minor epidemics usually take about 3 weeks to peak and another 3 weeks to significantly diminish.
The 2012–13 flu season was particularly harsh in the United States, where the majority of states were reporting high rates of influenza-like illness. The Centers for Disease Control reported that the available flu vaccine was 60% effective. It further recommended that all persons over age 6 months get the vaccine. The 2013-14 flu season is currently in progress and is above epidemic levels in many countries, including Canada, the United States, Greece and Finland.
Cause.
Three virus families, Influenzavirus A, B, and C are the main infective agents that cause influenza. During periods of cooler temperature, influenza cases increase roughly tenfold or more. Despite higher incidence of manifestations of the flu during the season, the viruses are actually transmitted throughout populations all year round.
Each annual flu season is normally associated with a major influenzavirus subtype. The associated subtype changes each year, due to development of immunological resistance to a previous year's strain (through exposure and vaccinations), and mutational changes in previously dormant viruses strains.
The exact mechanism behind the seasonal nature of influenza outbreaks is unclear. Some proposed explanations are:
Research in guinea pigs has shown that the aerosol transmission of the virus is enhanced when the air is cold and dry. The dependence on aridity appears to be due to degradation of the virus particles in moist air, while the dependence on cold appears to be due to infected hosts shedding the virus for a longer period of time. The researchers did not find that the cold impaired the immune response of the guinea pigs to the virus.
Research done by National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) in 2008 found that the influenza virus has a "butter-like coating". The coating melts when it enters the respiratory tract. In the winter, the coating becomes a hardened shell; therefore, it can survive in the cold weather similar to a spore. In the summer, the coating melts before the virus reaches the respiratory tract.
Timing.
In the United States, the flu season is considered October through May. It usually peaks in February. In Australia, the flu season is considered May to October. It usually peaks in August.
Flu seasons also exist in the tropics and subtropics, but are usually less sharply defined. In Hong Kong, which has a humid subtropical climate, the flu season runs from December to March, in the winter and early spring.
Flu vaccinations.
Flu vaccinations have been used to diminish the effects of the flu season. Since the Northern and Southern Hemisphere have winter at different times of the year, there are actually two flu seasons each year. Therefore, the World Health Organization (assisted by the National Influenza Centers) makes two vaccine formulations every year; one for the Northern, and one for the Southern Hemisphere.
According to the U.S. Department of Health, a growing number of large companies provide their employees with seasonal flu shots, either at a small cost to the employee or as a free service.
The annually updated trivalent influenza vaccine consists of hemagglutinin (HA) surface glycoprotein components from influenza H3N2, H1N1, and B influenza viruses. The dominant strain in January 2006 was H3N2. Measured resistance to the standard antiviral drugs amantadine and rimantadine in H3N2 has increased from 1% in 1994 to 12% in 2003 to 91% in 2005.
Health conditions likely to cause complications.
Medical conditions that compromise the immune system increase the risks from flu.
Diabetes.
Millions of people have diabetes. When blood sugars are not well controlled, diabetics can quickly develop a wide range of complications. Diabetes results in elevated blood sugars in the body, and this environment allows viruses and bacteria to thrive.
If blood sugars are poorly controlled, a mild flu can quickly turn severe, leading to hospitalization and even death. Uncontrolled blood sugars suppresses the immune systems and generally lead to more severe cases of the common cold or influenza. Thus, it has been recommended that diabetics are vaccinated against flu, before the start of the flu season.
Asthma.
It is recommended that asthmatics be vaccinated against flu before the flu season. People with asthma can develop life-threatening complications from influenza and the common cold virus. Some of these complications include pneumonias and acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Each year flu related complications in the USA affect close to 100,000 asthmatics, and millions more are seen in the emergency room because of severe shortness of breath. It is recommended that asthmatics are vaccinated between October and November, before the peak of the flu season. Flu vaccine works by boosting the body's immune system and takes about 2 weeks to become effective.
Cancer.
People with cancer usually have a suppressed immune system. Moreover, many cancer patients undergo radiation therapy and potent immunosuppressive medications, which further suppresses the body's ability to fight off infections. Everyone with cancer is highly susceptible and is at risk for complications from flu. People with cancer or a history of cancer should receive the seasonal flu shot. People with cancer should not receive the nasal spray vaccine. The flu shot is made up of inactivated (killed) viruses, and the nasal spray vaccines are made up of live viruses. The flu shot is safer for those with a weakened immune system. Those who have received cancer treatment such as chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy within the last month, or have a blood or lymphatic form of cancer should call their doctor immediately if they suspect they may have flu. 
HIV/AIDS.
Individuals who acquire the human immune deficiency virus (HIV) are very prone to a variety of infections. HIV has a tremendous capacity to destroy the body's immune system and this makes one prone to not only viral infections but also bacterial fungal and protozoa disorders. People with HIV are at an increased risk of serious flu-related complications. Many reports have shown that individuals with HIV can develop serious pneumonias which need hospitalization and aggressive antibiotic therapy. Moreover, people with HIV have a longer flu season and are at a high risk of death. Vaccination with the flu shot has been shown to boost the immune system and protect against the seasonal flu in some patients with HIV; individuals who have HIV should only get vaccinated with the inactivated influenza vaccine. Any HIV patient who has been exposed to other people with influenza should see a physician to determine if there is a need for anti viral medications.
Cost.
The cost of a flu season in lives lost, medical expenses and economic impact can be severe. 
A recent study estimated that in the United States, annual inﬂuenza epidemics result in approximately 600,000 life-years lost, 3 million hospitalized days, and 30 million outpatient visits, resulting in medical costs of $10 billion annually. According to this study, lost earnings due to illness and loss of life amounted to over $15 billion annually and the total economic burden of annual inﬂuenza epidemics amounts to over $80 billion. Also, in the US the flu season usually accounts for 200,000 hospitalizations and 41,000 deaths. 
Because the mortality rate of the H1N1 "swine flu" is lower than common flu strains, this number was actually lower in 2009. According the an article in "Clinical Infectious Diseases", published in 2011, the estimated health burden of 2009 Pandemic Influenza A (H1N1), between April 2009 to April 2010, was "approximately 60.8 million cases (range: 43.3–89.3 million), 274,304 hospitalizations (195,086–402,719), and 12,469 deaths (8,868–18,306)" "in the United States due to pH1N1."

</doc>
<doc id="2859950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859950" title="Caol Uno">
Caol Uno

Early career.
Uno finished second in the All Japan amateur Shooto tournament in 1996. He was a runner-up in the submission wrestling world championships at ADCC losing in the finals to world-renowned Jean Jacques Machado.
Mixed martial arts career.
Shooto.
Uno rose through the ranks of the Shooto mixed martial arts organization in Japan. In May 1999, Uno fought the then-legendary Rumina Sato. The fight was hailed as "Fight of the Year", an extremely fast-paced back and forth battle with a wide variety of stand-up and grappling exchanges. Eventually, Uno took the back of Sato and choked him into submission.
The two rematched in December 2000. This fight concluded with Uno throwing Sato on his back, then striking him with a combination of kicks and punches, eventually knocking him out.
UFC.
After his second victory over Rumina Sato, Uno was recruited to fight for the UFC's bantamweight (later renamed lightweight) title against Jens Pulver. Throughout the fight, Pulver stopped Uno's takedown attempts and pressed the action on the feet. Uno, who had earned a reputation as being "unflappable", began to show frustration for the first time in his career as Pulver neutralized all his offensive efforts. Pulver took a majority decision win in the fight.
After Pulver left the UFC, the Lightweight Championship was vacated. A tournament was put together pitting the top Lightweights in the UFC (B.J. Penn, Din Thomas, Matt Serra and Caol Uno). In the first round, Uno faced Thomas. Thomas dominated the first round, setting a high pace. However, Uno turned things around, taking the second and third rounds to win the fight.
In the finals of the tournament, Uno faced Penn (who had previously defeated Uno by knockout in under 12 seconds). Uno used angles and effective wrestling techniques to frustrate Penn, who appeared tentative from the start, while Penn was dominant in spurts. The fight was called a draw and neither fighter won the championship belt.
Return to Japan.
Uno then went on to fight Tatsuya Kawajiri in Shooto before fighting at K-1's 2004 "Premium Dynamite!!" and "K-1 MAX: Japan Grand Prix 2005". His next eleven fights were for the then newly established promotion Hero's.
Uno next competed in DREAM's Lightweight Grand Prix. He was seeded directly into the 2nd round, DREAM 3, where he beat Mitsuhiro Ishida by rear naked choke to progress to the final round at DREAM.5. At DREAM.5, Uno lost a unanimous decision to Shinya Aoki.
UFC return.
Uno was spotted in attendance at UFC 94, fueling talk of a return to the UFC's lightweight division. It was later confirmed that Uno had signed with the UFC and would face Spencer Fisher at UFC 99: The Comeback, which Uno lost by unanimous decision. Then, on November 21, 2009, Uno fought UFC newcomer Fabricio Camoes to a majority draw at UFC 106.
On March 31, 2010, Uno fought Gleison Tibau at UFC Fight Night 21. He was overpowered by the much bigger Tibau, and suffered a loss via TKO (punches). After the match he was released from the promotion.
Post-UFC Career.
Uno fought Jesse Brock at Vale Tudo Japan: VTJ 4th, on February 23, 2014. He won via unanimous decision.

</doc>
<doc id="2859965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859965" title="The Stone Angel">
The Stone Angel

The Stone Angel, first published in 1964 by McClelland and Stewart, is perhaps the best-known of Margaret Laurence's series of novels set in the fictitious town of Manawaka, Manitoba. In parallel narratives set in the past and the present-day (early 1960s), "The Stone Angel" tells the story of Hagar Currie Shipley. In the present-day narrative, 90-year-old Hagar is struggling against being put in a nursing home, which she sees as a symbol of death. The present-day narrative alternates with Hagar's looking back at her life.
Plot summary.
In a series of vignettes, "The Stone Angel" tells the story of Hagar Shipley, a 90-year-old woman struggling to come to grips with a life of intransigence and loss. "Pride was my wilderness, the demon that led me there was fear."
Literary significance and criticism.
Amongst other titles by Laurence, "The Stone Angel" is consistently listed as one of the greatest Canadian novels ever written. It has also been banned by some school boards and high schools, usually following complaints from fundamentalist Christian groups labeling the book blasphemous and obscene. Although "The Stone Angel" has been banned from some schools and public libraries; it is studied at the grade 12 university level in other schools.

</doc>
<doc id="2859976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859976" title="Berenguer Ramon I, Count of Barcelona">
Berenguer Ramon I, Count of Barcelona

Berenguer Ramon I the Crooked, also called the Hunchback (in Catalan, "Berenguer Ramon I el Corbat"; and in Spanish, "Berenguer Ramón I el Corvado" or "el Curvo") (1005 – 26 May 1035) was the count of Barcelona, Girona, and Ausona from 1018 to his death.
He was the son of Ramon Borrell, Count of Barcelona, Girona, and Ausona and his wife Ermesinde of Carcassonne. He accepted the suzerainty of Sancho the Great of Navarre, and in 1021, he married the king's sister-in-law, Sancha Sánchez, daughter of Sancho I Garcés, Count of Castile. By her he had two sons: his successor, Ramon Berenguer (b. 1023), and Sancho (birth year unknown). In 1027, he married secondly Guisla of Lluca, with whom he had two more sons, William (b. 1028) and Bernard (b. 1029). Two daughters have also been tentatively assigned to this couple: Clemencia, who married Ermengol III of Urgell and another, incorrectly referred to as Sibylla, who was the mother of Hugh I and Eudes I, Dukes of Burgundy, and of Henry, Count of Portugal.
Berenguer Ramon as a historical figure is enigmatic, shrouded in incomprehensible contradictions and ambiguities. First, he was a man of peace, and peace ruled throughout his reign. He pacified his neighbours as well, bringing to heel the Count of Urgell, Ermengol II. He reestablished amicable relations with Hugh I, Count of Empúries, and maintained them with William I of Besalú and Wilfred II of Cerdanya. He was a son of the church who maintained relations with the papacy and went on a pilgrimage to Rome in 1032. On many occasions he travelled to Zaragoza and Navarre to discuss with Sancho III the Great, King of Navarre their mutual stance against the Counts of Toulouse. His confidantes and councillors were the Abbot Oliva, the judge Ponç Bofill, Gombau de Besora, and the Bishops Pedro of Girona and Deudado of Barcelona. In 1025, he decreed that the proprietors of entails (men holding land in fee tail) were free from taxation.
On the other hand, the government of Berenguer Ramon I marks the beginning of the decline of the comital power in Catalonia. At the death of his father in 1018, Berenguer Ramon was a minor and his mother Ermesinde served as regent until 1023. But even when he attained his majority, his mother would not relinquish the powers of regency and reigned with him. According to some chroniclers, Berenguer's character left some things to be desired. He is described as weak and indecisive. Moreover, his policy of peace with the Moors was a bone of contention with the noblesse, who saw war with the Muslims as a way of obtaining glory, wealth, and possibly even salvation. This led some nobles to act independently of the count's wishes. Ermesinde, "contra" her son, was energetic and decisive, intent on imposing the authority of Barcelona on the baronage. But, as a woman, her capability to exercise control of the military was greatly impeded and organizing a raid or expedition to satisfy the wants of the aristocracy was virtually impossible.
The obliteration of comital authority became evident shortly before his death in 1035, as Ermisende partitioned his patrimony amongst his sons. Ramon Berenguer received Girona and Barcelona as far as the river Llobregat; Sancho received the frontierland from the Llobregat to the Moorish lands, which constituted the new county of Penedès with its capital in Olèrdola; and William was given the County of Ausona. Berenguer Ramon died on 26 May 1035 and was buried in Santa Maria de Ripoll.

</doc>
<doc id="2859978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859978" title="Dachshund racing">
Dachshund racing

Dachshund racing, or wiener dog racing, is a popular, yet controversial sporting event, primarily found in North America. Typical Dachshund races are either 25 or 50 yards in length, and are run on various surfaces. Many race tracks across America host these events as fundraising or publicity events, and routinely draw the venues' largest attendance numbers of the year.
In the less formal events, most entrants are not career racers, nor bred for racing. Often, dogs will choose not to run the length of the course and instead visit with other dogs or the owner that released them. Otherwise, dogs will run swiftly to their owner at the finish line, coaxed by food or toys. 
The "de facto" national championship of wiener dog racing is the Wienerschnitzel Wiener Nationals, held in San Diego, California, every December as part of the Holiday Bowl, however there are many other venues that claim title to the true "national" champion. 
Criticism.
While some compare the sport to English and later American Greyhound racing, others see it as cruel and risky. Racing can strain the spines of the dogs, and some suspect that the sport can lead to the abuse of racing animals. 
The Dachshund Club of America opposes dachshund races, because the breed has a genetic predisposition to back injuries.
History.
Dachshund racing was first held in Australia in the 1970s. The early meets featured Whippet, Afghan Hound, and Dachshund racing, purely for fun. The UC Davis School of Veterinary Medicine in California holds an annual Doxie Derby as part of the university's Picnic Day event. For over 30 years the races have been a fundraiser for veterinary students.
The sport rose in popularity in North America after a 1993 Miller Lite television commercial that listed odd sports, and continued to grow after the release of "" a documentary film that chronicles two years of the Wiener Nationals circuit. In 2009, the Wiener Dog Nationals in Fort Wayne, Indiana, held its 16th annual Dachshund race. Zeus, the Germanfest champ from 2006-2009, is generally recognized as the greatest racing dachshund of all time. Germantown, Tennessee, a suburb of Memphis, also hosts its own 'Running of the Wienies' for charity.

</doc>
<doc id="2859981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859981" title="Frosty Treats, Inc. v. Sony Computer Entertainment America, Inc.">
Frosty Treats, Inc. v. Sony Computer Entertainment America, Inc.

Frosty Treats, Inc. v. Sony Computer Entertainment America, Inc., 426 F.3d 1001 (8th Cir. 2005), is a trademark case in which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit held that the name of one of the largest ice cream truck franchise companies in the United States was neither distinctive nor famous enough to receive protection against being used in a violent video game.
Background.
Frosty Treats, Inc. is the name of "one of the largest ice cream truck street vendors" in the United States. Their trucks uniformly feature a "Frosty Treats" logo, typically surrounded by the logos of various frozen snacks sold by the vender. Another feature of the trucks is the "Safety Clown", an image of a clown pointing children towards the back of the vehicle. In the mid 1990s, Sony released "Twisted Metal 2", a video game that allows players to wreak havoc on simulated streets with a variety of vehicles - including an ice cream truck prominently featuring a logo that says "Frosty Treats". The video game ice cream truck is driven by a crazed clown known as Sweet Tooth, one of many featured in the game.
Lawsuit.
Frosty Treats, Inc. filed a lawsuit against Sony contending that the game infringed on the company's trademarks through the use of the phrase, "Frosty Treats", as well as similarities between the video game clown and the company's own safety clown. The U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri granted summary judgment to Sony and dismissed the case, holding that the name could not be protected because it was generic. U.S. District Judge Scott Wright stated in his May 19, 2005 dismissal that "the various depictions of the Sweet Tooth character in defendant's "Twisted Metal" games and plaintiff's Safety Clown are so dissimilar that no reasonable trier of fact could conclude that they are confusingly similar."[http://www.bizjournals.com/kansascity/stories/2004/07/26/focus5.html] Additionally, the court noted that the safety clown could not be protected because it was functional; it directed children to cross behind the van rather than in front of it. Frosty Treats appealed the dismissal to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals on June 15, 2005.
Opinion of the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals.
The Eighth Circuit affirmed the dismissal, holding that the name was indeed generic. Although the Eighth Circuit rejected the finding that the safety clown was functional, they held that it nonetheless lacked distinctiveness in the marketplace such that it would merit protection. Furthermore, the Court noted such striking dissimilarities between the company's clown and the game clown that no consumer would be likely to confuse the two.

</doc>
<doc id="2859984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859984" title="Humboldt High School (Kansas)">
Humboldt High School (Kansas)

Humboldt High School is a high school (grades 9-12) in Humboldt, Allen County, Kansas. It is part of the Humboldt Community School District. As of the 2008-2009 school year, Humboldt High School has an enrollment of 211 students and has a student-teacher ratio of 13:2.
Academics.
Humboldt High School operates on an 8:00 a.m. to 3:15 pm schedule, which includes eight periods. Classes follow traditional scheduling. Although there are eight available periods, students may only take a maximum of seven classes. Students attend the same classes Monday through Friday.
Extracurricular activities.
The extracurricular activities offered at Humboldt High School are small and fairly limited due to the school's small size. The Cubs are classified as a 2A school, the smallest classification in Kansas according to the Kansas State High School Activities Association. Throughout its history, Humboldt has won two state championships.
Athletics.
The Humboldt Cubs compete in the Tri-Valley League. Humboldt High School offers several sports including football, basketball, baseball, track, volleyball, cross-country, cheerleading, and many more. Due to the small school population, many students are multi-sport athletes.
Basketball.
The Cubs boy's basketball team won the state championship in 1969 under Coach Don Walburn.
Football.
The Cubs football team was named Tri-Valley League Champions in 2006 and 2007. Humboldt won the Tri-Valley League championship in football in 1968 as well and went undefeated.
Boys' Golf.
The boys golf team won the 2002 state championship at Turkey Creek Golf Course in Burrton, Kansas.
Non-Athletic Activities.
Scholar's Bowl.
The Cubs Scholar's Bowl team won four straight TVL titles from 1998-2001, and was the State runner-up in 2001, losing the lead on the last question of the championship round.
Journalism.
Humboldt High School's Journalism Department has won 30 Kansas Scholastic Press Association regional journalism championships and 14 state championships (1975, 1979, 1986, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1995, 1997, 1998, 2000, 2001, 2008, 2009), and has retired two separate traveling trophies by winning three-straight championships in a row twice. Journalism students at HHS have won 61 individual state championships. The school newspaper "Cub Tracks" has been continually published since 1973. It was inducted into the National Scholastic Press Association's Hall of Fame at that association's Fall Convention in 2000, and won 3rd place in the National Best of Show competition at that same event. Since the All-Kansas Competition began in 1991, "Cub Tracks" has won a top rating 14 times. The Cub yearbook has also won numerous top ratings from the KSPA.

</doc>
<doc id="2859990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859990" title="Cloverdale, British Columbia">
Cloverdale, British Columbia

Cloverdale is an historic town and designated town centre of Surrey, British Columbia, Canada, located near Langley, which is east of Vancouver. The town was founded initially as a small farm community in 1870 for its fertile land and temperate climate, and has since become enveloped by suburban sprawl from Surrey, making it a small town in the suburbs. Cloverdale is known by some as the historic centre of Surrey, B.C., and is home to many heritage sites. One of its oldest buildings, Christ Church, was built in 1882 and still stands today. Cloverdale is also the home to the City of Surrey's official Museum.
Film industry.
Cloverdale is best known outside its immediate vicinity as the primary "main street" and "downtown" sets for the television show "Smallville". A billboard on the edge of the community reads, "Destination Cloverdale - Home of Smallville."
The community has been home to other filming, including one of Coca-Cola's Christmas commercials. Despite filming during summer, the town square was decked with Christmas decorations, including fake snow. 
In June 2006, a film titled "Deck The Halls" was filmed, and the area was once again decorated in Christmas decorations and fake snow. 
In September 2006 the feature film "Postal" was filmed in Cloverdale.
The 2007 film "Hot Rod", starring Andy Samberg, was also filmed in Cloverdale. A portion of 176th Street was shut down to accommodate a riot scene and a motorcycle stunt involving jumping over fifteen school buses was filmed at the Cloverdale Fairgrounds.
In addition to being filmed there, the town of Cloverdale was a fictional setting of "Stargate Universe" episode entitled "Cloverdale".
Rodeo.
Cloverdale is also known for the yearly Cloverdale Rodeo and Country Fair on the Victoria Day long weekend, which attracts visitors from all over western North America. It is the second largest rodeo in Canada after the Calgary Stampede. Its location, the Cloverdale Fairgrounds, is also home to Fraser Downs, which is a popular racetrack and casino.

</doc>
<doc id="2860032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860032" title="The Anniston Star">
The Anniston Star

The Anniston Star is the daily newspaper serving Anniston, Alabama, and the surrounding six-county region. Average Sunday circulation in September 2004 was 26,747. The newspaper is locally-owned by Consolidated Publishing Company, which is controlled by the descendants of Col. Harry M. Ayers, one of the newspaper's early owners.
The "Star" is Consolidated's flagship paper. Other newspapers printed by the company include The Daily Home, and the weeklies "The Cleburne News", The "Jacksonville News", and the "Piedmont Journal".
The current publisher, H. Brandt Ayers, is the son of Col. Ayers. During the civil rights movement, The "Star" gained a reputation as one of the few liberal-minded Southern newspapers. It was nicknamed "The Red Star" by George Wallace, because of its support of school integration — one of the few Southern newspapers to take such a stance.
The "Star" is a community newspaper and the dominant source of retail advertising in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="2860038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860038" title="Pedology (children study)">
Pedology (children study)

Pedology (paidology, paedology) is the study of children's behavior and development, not to be confused with pedagogy, which is the art or science of teaching. 
The origins of this trend in psychology and pedagogy can be traced back to the end of the 18th century with the separation of a branch of psychology that should be the base of pedagogy, a pedagogic psychology or "experimental pedagogic psychology", "experimental pedagogy", "experimental education". 
At the early roots of pedology as a separate study was G. Stanley Hall, who was also instrumental in the development of modern educational psychology. The term "pedology" was suggested in 1893 by an American researcher, Oscar Chrisman. At the end of the 19th century, pedology as a comprehensive study of the child became active in Europe as an attempt to create a study of children in the manner of natural sciences. In 1909 a Pedological Society was organized by Professor Kazimierz Twardowski in Lviv, Austro-Hungary (now Ukraine). In 1910 a similar society was organized in Kraków. In 1911 the first World Congress in Pedology was held in Brussels, Belgium, with attendants from 22 countries.
World War I effectively put an end to the development of this study in Western Europe.
Since the study has never reached its maturity, there is no common established understanding as to the scope and instruments of pedology. 
Bowie State University in Bowie, Maryland is the first University in the United States to offer a Bachelor's Degree in pedology.
Pedology in the Soviet Union.
In Imperial Russia a prominent developer of the field was Aleksandr Nechayev (Александр Петрович Нечаев) in St. Petersburg, who in 1901 created the laboratory of experimental pedagogical psychology. Soviet pedology is traditionally thought to be founded by the efforts of Vladimir Bekhterev; in particular, in 1918 he founded the Institute of Pedology as part of psychological institutions united into the Institute for Study of Brain and Psychical Activity.
This science was intensively pursued in 1920s-1930s in the Soviet Union. A journal "Pedologiya" ("Педология") was issued. Lev Vygotsky was one of its prominent supporters. 
While many works of pedologists were of considerable value, the approach was severely criticized for over-enthusiastic but poorly grounded approach of testing for predicting a child's mental development, in addition to estimating its status. 
It was officially banned in 1936 after a special decree of VKP(b) Central Committee "On Pedological Perversions in the Narkompros System" on July 4, 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="2860039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860039" title="EuroBasket 1939">
EuroBasket 1939

The 1939 FIBA European Championship, commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 1939, was the third FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship, held by FIBA Europe. Eight national teams affiliated with the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) took part in the competition. Defending champions Lithuania hosted the tournament, held in Kaunas Sports Hall.
Tickets.
The price for tickets were high in that time. The price for seat were 2,5–5 LTL and for standing spot 1,5–2 LTL. Example of EuroBasket 1939 ticket.
Results.
The 1939 competition was in a very simple format. Each team played each of the other teams once. A win was worth 2 standings points, a loss worth 1. The rankings were based on those standing points. Ties were broken by head-to-head results.
The winning team was Lithuania. In retrospect, the most important match was Lithuania vs Latvia in the first round. Lithuania won by 1 point, and this was the eventual winning margin of the championship. Relations between the two nations soured to such an extent that it led to the cancellation of the subsequent 1939 Baltic Cup football tournament.
Team rosters.
Lithuania's Lubinas was the same person as the Frank Lubin who had played for the gold medal United States national basketball team at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
1. Lithuania: Pranas Lubinas, Mykolas Ruzgys, Feliksas Kriaučiūnas, Leonas Baltrūnas, Zenonas Puzinauskas, Artūras Andrulis, Pranas Mažeika, Leonas Petrauskas, Eugenijus Nikolskis, Vytautas Norkus, Jurgis Jurgėla, Mindaugas Šliūpas, Vytautas Budriūnas, Vytautas Leščinskas (Coach: Pranas Lubinas)
2. Latvia: Visvaldis Melderis, Kārlis Arents, Jānis Graudiņš, Teodors Grīnbergs, Maksis Kazāks, Alfrēds Krauklis, Voldemārs Šmits, Juris Solovjovs, Aleksandrs Vanags, Kārlis Satiņš (Coach: Valdemārs Baumanis)
3. Poland: Paweł Stok, Bogdan Bartosiewicz, Jerzy Gregołajtis, Florian Grzechowiak, Zdzisław Kasprzak, Ewaryst Łój, Stanisław Pawlowski, Zbigniew Resich, Jerzy Rossudowski, Jarosław Śmigielski (Coach: Walenty Kłyszejko)
4. France: Robert Busnel, Vladimir Fabrikant, Henri Lesmayoux, Fernand Prudhomme, Jean Jeammes, Etienne Roland, Emile Frezot, Robert Cohu, Maurice Mertz, Abel Gravier, Andre Ambroise, Gaston Falleur, Gabriel Gonnet, Alexandre Katlama (Coach: Paul Geist)
5. Estonia: Heino Veskila, Evald Mahl, Oskar Erikson, Ralf Viksten, Georg Vinogradov, Erich Altosaar, Artur Amon, Hans Juurup, Valdeko Valdmäe, Herbert Tillemann (Coach: Herbert Niiler)

</doc>
<doc id="2860045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860045" title="Square antiprism">
Square antiprism

In geometry, the square antiprism is the second in an infinite set of antiprisms formed by an even-numbered sequence of triangle sides closed by two polygon caps. It is also known as an "anticube".
If all its faces are regular, it is a semiregular polyhedron or uniform polyhedron.
When eight points are distributed on the surface of a sphere with the aim of maximising the distance between them in some sense, then the resulting shape corresponds to a square anti-prism rather than a cube. Different examples include maximising the distance to the nearest point, or maximising the sum of all reciprocals of squares of distances.
The basic geometry of the Freedom Tower skyscraper is an elongated square antiprism.
Molecules with square antiprismatic geometry.
According to the VSEPR theory of molecular geometry in chemistry, which is based on the general principle of maximizing the distances between points, a square antiprism is the favoured geometry when eight pairs of electrons surround a central atom. One molecule with this geometry is the octafluoroxenate(VI) ion (XeF82-) in the salt nitrosonium octafluoroxenate(VI); however, the molecule is distorted away from the idealized square antiprism.
In addition, the element sulfur forms octatomic S8 molecules as its most stable allotrope. The S8 molecule has a structure based on the square antiprism, in which the eight atoms occupy the eight vertices of the antiprism, and the eight triangle-triangle edges of the antiprism correspond to single covalent bonds between sulfur atoms.
Related polyhedra.
As an antiprism, the square antiprism belongs to a family of polyhedra that includes the octahedron (which can be seen as a triangle-capped antiprism), the pentagonal antiprism, the hexagonal antiprism, and the octagonal antiprism.
The gyroelongated square pyramid is a Johnson solid (specifically, "J"10) constructed by replacing one square of a square antiprism with a square pyramid. Similarly, the gyroelongated square bipyramid ("J"17) is a deltahedron (a polyhedron whose faces are all equilateral triangles) constructed by replacing both squares of a square antiprism with a square pyramid.
The snub disphenoid ("J"84) is another deltahedron, constructed by replacing the two squares of a square antiprism by pairs of equilateral triangles. The snub square antiprism ("J"85) can be seen as a square antiprism with a chain of equilateral triangles inserted around the middle. The sphenocorona ("J"86) and the sphenomegacorona ("J"88) are other Johnson solids that, like the square antiprism, consist of two squares and an even number of equilateral triangles.
The "square antiprism" is first in a series of snub polyhedra and tilings with vertex figure 3.3.4.3."n".
In architecture.
The main building block of the One World Trade Center (at the site of the old World Trade Center destroyed on September 11, 2001) has the shape of a square antiprism.

</doc>
<doc id="2860056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860056" title="United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas">
United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas

The United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas (in case citations, N.D. Tex.) is a United States district court. Its first judge, Andrew Phelps McCormick, was appointed to the court on April 10, 1879. The court convenes in Dallas, Texas with divisions in Fort Worth, Amarillo, Abilene, Lubbock, San Angelo and Wichita Falls. It has jurisdiction over 100 counties in the northern and central parts of the U.S. state of Texas.
The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Texas represents the United States in civil and criminal litigation in the court. The current United States Attorney is Sarah R. Saldaña, serving since September 2011. 
Appeals from this court are heard by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which includes Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas (except for patent claims and claims against the U.S. government under the Tucker Act, which are appealed to the Federal Circuit).
History.
The first federal judge in Texas was John C. Watrous, who was appointed on May 26, 1846, and had previously served as Attorney General of the Republic of Texas. He was assigned to hold court in Galveston, at the time, the largest city in the state. As seat of the United States District Court for the District of Texas, the Galveston court had jurisdiction over the whole state. On February 21, 1857, the state was divided into two districts, Eastern and Western, with Judge Watrous continuing in the Eastern district. Judge Watrous and Judge Thomas H. DuVal, of the Western District of Texas, left the state on the secession of Texas from the Union, the only two United States Judges not to resign their posts in states that seceded. When Texas was restored to the Union, Watrous and DuVal resumed their duties and served until 1870.
In 1879, Texas was further subdivided with the creation of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, using territory taken from both the Eastern and Western districts.

</doc>
<doc id="2860057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860057" title="Crackerjack (2002 film)">
Crackerjack (2002 film)

Crackerjack is a 2002 Australian comedy film starring Mick Molloy, Bill Hunter, Frank Wilson, Monica Maughan, Samuel Johnson, Lois Ramsay, Bob Hornery, Judith Lucy, John Clarke and Denis Moore.
Plot.
A wisecracking layabout, Jack Simpson (Molloy) joins a lawn bowls club in order to be allowed to use a free parking space. When the club enters financial difficulty, Simpson is forced to play lawn bowls with the much older crowd, in order to stop the influence of 'Pokies King' Bernie Fowler (John Clarke).
Filming.
The main location for bowls scenes, including the greens, carpark, and interior rooms, were filmed at the Melbourne Bowling Club in Windsor, Victoria.
Location shots of other bowls clubs included filming at the Carrum Bowling Club in the Melbourne suburb of Carrum. The Corowa Bowls Club in the NSW town of Corowa was also used for scenes featured in the finale.
Box office.
"Crackerjack" grossed $8,618,107 at the box office in Australia.
"Crackerjack" was the highest-grossing Australian film of the year and received two AFI Award nominations, for direction (Paul Moloney) and the screenplay (by Mick and brother Richard Molloy).

</doc>
<doc id="2860061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860061" title="Grove, Virginia">
Grove, Virginia

Grove is an unincorporated community in the southeastern portion of James City County in the Peninsula subregion of Virginia in the United States. It is located in the center of the Historic Triangle of Colonial Virginia, communities linked by the Colonial Parkway; the area is one of the busiest tourist destinations in the world.
Grove is located about east of Williamsburg along U.S. Route 60. Grove is bordered by the James River and separated from the Newport News city limits near Lee Hall by Skiffe's Creek.
Historic places in Grove related to Virginia colonial past include the archaeological site of Wolstenholme Towne, the administrative center of Martin's Hundred. It was rediscovered in 1976 on the grounds of Carter's Grove Plantation, built in 1755. The plantation was occupied by private owners through the 1960s. Then it was owned and operated by the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation and open to the public from the 1970s until 2003. In 2007 the property was sold back into private ownership.
Grove's contemporary development began with African-American settlement by freedmen from Carter's Grove and other plantations following the American Civil War. Its population was fewer than 100 people until after the turn of the twentieth century. During the two World Wars, Grove increased markedly in population. In part this was due to attracting hundreds of displaced people, mostly African American, who were uprooted by federal land acquisition for major waterfront military installations in nearby James City and York counties. Navy bases established were the Naval Weapons Station Yorktown, the Cheatham Annex supply complex, and Camp Peary.
As of early 2008, many new homes were under construction in Grove. Along the southeastern edge, available sites and frontage on the James River and Skiffe's Creek are zoned for industrial purposes. These have been attractive to developers of new and expanded businesses.
Geography.
Grove occupies part of the narrowest portion of James City County, bordering the James River to the south and York County to the north. With the exception of lowlands near the river, most of Grove was originally heavily wooded. Much of it still is.
Grove Creek and Skiffe's Creek, each tributaries of the James River, provide local drainage. The latter also constitutes the eastern border of Grove (and the county), which adjoins the Lee Hall area of the independent city of Newport News.
The former Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) runs along the northern edge of Grove. It is now part of the Peninsula Subdivision of CSX Transportation.
Early history: 17th through 19th centuries.
Native Americans.
For thousands of years, various cultures of indigenous peoples occupied areas along the waterways. Prior to the arrival of Spanish and English settlers in the 16th and 17th centuries, they were semi-nomadic hunter-gatherers, although more complex civilizations arose among the Mississippian culture. Scholars believe a major historic American Indian village is located somewhere nearby, although the site has not been identified. The site of the historic Kiskiack Indian village, Chiskiack, was a few miles to the north. The Kiskiack were one of a number of Algonquian-speaking historic tribes at the time of encounter with the English.
When the English settlers established Jamestown in 1607, the Powhatan Paramount Chiefdom included most Native tribes in the area. There were a few that were unaffiliated. The paramount chief, known as the Powhatan, had created his powerful empire in the late 16th and early 17th centuries. He conquered or affiliated by agreement with approximately 30 tribes whose territory covered much of southeastern Virginia. This was called "Tenakomakah". A capital of this confederacy, "Werowocomoco", was located near the north bank of the York River in present-day Gloucester County, about as the crow flies from Grove.
By the mid-17th century, the English had forced Native Americans remaining in the area on to reservations north of the York River. By working and living together, some had assimilated into the general population of European colonists and freed slaves of African heritage. Over the decades, white indentured servant women, African men, and few Indians married and created free mixed-race populations before the American Revolution.
Martin's Hundred, Wolstenholme Towne.
The Grove Community was probably named for nearby Grove Creek, which drains into the James River about east (downstream) of Jamestown. Grove Wharf at the confluence of Grove Creek and the river is shown on some early maps of Virginia. It may also have been named after Carter's Grove Plantation, where many of the former slaves had worked before the American Civil War led to their emancipation. Many likely continued as tenant farmers and workers after the war.
Initially, the English of the Virginia Company of London chose Jamestown for their first settlement of the Virginia Colony. They arrived in 1607 in a fleet of three ships commanded by Christopher Newport. ("See main article Jamestown, Virginia)" After five difficult years, the new colony gradually began expanding. Settlers established plantations along the James River, largely to grow non-native strains of tobacco. This was introduced and successfully exported in 1612 by colonist John Rolfe, who later married Pocahontas, daughter of the Powhatan.
About downstream from Jamestown on the north bank of the river, just east of Grove Creek, the Grove area was originally settled by English colonists in 1618 as part of Martin's Hundred. The proprietary plantation of over 20,000 acres (80 km²) was an enterprise of the Martin's Hundred Society, a London-based investment group operating under the auspices of the Virginia Company of London. Not far from the riverfront, the new Wolstenholme Towne, the Martin's Hundred administrative center, was established.
Most of the population of Wolstenholme Towne was killed in the Indian Massacre of 1622, one of the largest incidents of loss of life by Virginia settlers during the colonial years. Colonists rebuilt the settlement a few years later, and protected it by a cross-peninsula palisade to the west completed in 1634. They abandoned Wolstenholme Towne around 1643 after Williamsburg was made the capital. The structures fell into ruin and the site became taken over by vegetation, lost until 1976 (see below).
Martin's Hundred Parish Church was established by the Church of England, and served the area including Wolstenholme Towne. It was later combined with Yorkhampton Parish in adjacent York County.
Royal colony, creation of shires (counties).
When the privately owned Virginia Company lost its charter in 1624, Virginia became a royal colony. In 1634, the English Crown created eight shires (i.e., counties) in the colony of Virginia, which then had a total population of approximately 5,000 inhabitants. James City Shire, as well as the James River and Jamestown, took its name from King James I, the father of the then-king, Charles I. About 1642-43, the name of the James City Shire was changed to James City County.
Slavery, freedom.
James City County received the first slaves whom the English imported to Virginia. Beginning in 1619, the English brought Africans to the colony as indentured servants. Increasingly toward the end of the 17th century, they hardened the labor system to create a racial caste of slavery for African workers and their families. Dutch and British ships transported large numbers of slaves from Africa to the Virginia Colony. On the labor-intensives tobacco plantations, planters replaced indentured laborers with slaves, who also served as household and skilled workers. In the later 17th and 18th centuries, economic conditions improved in England, so the supply of indentured laborers decreased.
Early Africans became free after serving their period of indenture. Some individual slaves were freed as early as the mid-17th century by manumission. Some earned their freedom by separate labor, and others escaped. By far the greatest number of free African-American families in Virginia during colonial times were formed by marriage and unions between white working-class women and African men, whether indentured servant, slave or free. The children and their descendants were free because they had the status of the mother.
Known as free Negroes or free people of color, some of the people stayed in the area. Others migrated to urban or frontier areas away from the plantation areas where racial strictures were more severe. Richmond, which was an economic center, and Petersburg, which had industrial jobs, became early centers of free blacks in Virginia.
There was mass emancipation of slaves during the years of the American Civil War (1861–1865). Despite Virginia's secession from the Union in 1861, the US Army retained control of Fort Monroe at the eastern end of the Virginia Peninsula. It became a destination for slaves seeking freedom behind Union lines. By 1863, many heard President Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation read under the Emancipation Oak, now on the grounds of Hampton University.
After the War, many freedmen settled in inland areas of the Peninsula, either as landowners, tenant farmers, or renters who worked as watermen. While the southern side of the peninsula along the James River had long been occupied by large plantations, the northern side along the York River, west of Yorktown, had not been as heavily developed. Many freedmen moved into this area, establishing close-knit communities in mixed towns, and majority-black towns such as Lackey and Magruder.
Carter's Grove.
More than 100 years after Wolstenholme Towne was abandoned, Carter's Grove Plantation was built on part of the Martin's Hundred land for Carter Burwell. He was the son of Elizabeth Carter Burwell and her husband Nathaniel Burwell. Carter Burwell was the grandson of the wealthy planter Robert "King" Carter (of Lancaster County). He bequeathed the land before his death, requiring that it be called Carter's Grove.
The new plantation home was completed in 1755. In its long occupancy since then, the Carter's Grove mansion was renovated by a series of owners, the last major changes being of the late 1920s era. The last private owner died around 1964. The plantation moved into philanthropic ownership.
The Colonial Williamsburg Foundation (CW) owned the plantation from 1969 until 2007. It furnished the mansion in many period pieces, primarily of the 19th and early 20th centuries. Some of these were antiques acquired in the 1920s from an auction at Westover Plantation, long the home of descendants of William Byrd III. A landmark in the Grove Community, Carter's Grove Plantation was opened to the public by the CW Foundation for tours and interpretation of the mansion and reconstructed slave quarters. Public access was ended in 2003.
In 1976 the Foundation conducted an archeological survey of the grounds. Near the river, the survey team rediscovered the long-lost site of Wolstenholme Towne. Noted archaeologist Ivor Noel Hume documented the archaeological dig that explored the site. The Foundation reconstructed part of Wolstenholme Towne and added it to the public tours and interpretation of the large plantation.
In 2003, CW Foundation decided to concentrate on attractions closer to its Historic Area near downtown Williamsburg. It closed public access to Carter's Grove Plantation, which reduced tourist interest and revenue for the Grove community. Closer to the Historic Area, the CW Foundation developed another interpretive site for the African American colonial experience in Virginia.
CW sold Carter's Grove to private owners in 2007, with certain protective covenants to help preserve the nature of the site. Carter's Grove Country Road formerly offered a one-way, narrow, paved link to the Historic Area of Colonial Williamsburg. After it was damaged during Hurricane Isabel in late 2003, it was closed permanently to traffic. The primary access to the plantation on U.S. Route 60 was reopened shortly after the storm. The property has been closed to the public since 2003.
Location, early nature of Grove community.
The Grove Community is located about a mile inland and parallel to the riverfront adjacent to the large Carter's Grove plantation. It was formed by freedmen after the Civil War and named after the nearby creek, as well as the plantation where many of them had worked (and some continued to work). Until 1918, the Grove Community was lightly populated. Its residents worked mostly as farmers and fishermen. According to a state atlas in 1895, Grove had a population of 37 persons and its own post office. It stretches approximately along U.S. Route 60, known locally as the Pocahontas Trail.
Grove Station on the new C&O Railroad.
Nearby Grove Station was established by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) under the leadership of Collis P. Huntington. In 1881 the C&O's Peninsula Extension was built through the area from its previous eastern terminus in Richmond to reach the coal piers and the new city of Newport News at the southeastern tip of Warwick County. Although a number of local railroad stations were established along the route, the primary purpose of the railroad was to transport through-coal traffic. This traffic pattern has continued into the 21st century under C&O successor CSX Transportation.
Local stations were established in James City County along the new railroad at Diascund, Toano, Vaiden's Siding (Norge), Kelton (Lightfoot) Ewell, Williamsburg, and Grove. While by 2009, Grove Station was long gone, other former C&O railroad stations to the east at Lee Hall and to the west at Williamsburg were extant. The latter serves intercity passenger rail service of Amtrak. The former C&O station from Ewell also survives in an adaptive reuse. Further west, a historic C&O station built in 1908 for Norge has been preserved. It was relocated in 2006 to the site of the Croaker Branch of the Williamsburg Regional Library. Following historical research, the Norge Station was repainted in its original livery, featuring a bright orange as the primary color.
20th century to present.
In the first half of the 20th century, Grove had two rapid periods of growth associated with military expansion during the World Wars. It received African-American residents displaced by government land acquisition for two large military reservations established by the U.S. Navy in adjacent York County. With their compensation, the new residents built new homes in the community, with contemporary amenities including electricity, running water and sidewalks.
Grove includes residential areas, churches, neighborhood retail businesses, a nursing home, day care facilities, a modern community center and a magnet school of the Williamsburg-James City County Public Schools (WJC).
Relocations from "the Reservation"/Lackey.
Prior to World War I, many African Americans lived just west of the current unincorporated town of Lackey in York County, where they (and their ancestors) had obtained land as freedmen and former slaves or rented under sharecropping arrangements and established homesteads, particularly after the American Civil War. This close-knit community, along the old Yorktown-Williamsburg Road, was sometimes informally called "the Reservation". It had been rapidly settled at once by freedmen after the Civil War, as they wanted to establish homes and institutions free of white supervision.
As the United States became involved in World War I in 1917, the U.S. Navy determined to establish a supply and munitions base near Yorktown adjacent to the York River. Under Executive Order of President Woodrow Wilson, the US Navy took a sizable piece of land to create the needed military base, initially known as a mine depot. Many homes were taken, and three churches were displaced. The residents, mostly African Americans who worked as farmers and fishermen, moved to other portions of York County and nearby Williamsburg. A few crossed the York River and settled in Gloucester County. The largest portion chose nearby James City County, where a substantial number relocated to Grove, which was south of the Navy land.
Notable among the area's black population was John Tack Roberts. Born into slavery in approximately 1860, he was a farmer and self-taught man. He educated himself in the law (not an uncommon practice for whites as well in that era) and became a magistrate. He was often called "Judge Roberts". Historians credit him with being instrumental in the growth of the Grove Community. He did this by helping some of those displaced from "the Reservation" to obtain financial compensation from the federal government. The Grove area is now part of what is called the Roberts Magisterial District of James City County, perhaps in honor of Judge Roberts or other members of his family.
Camp Wallace.
As the United States became a participant in World War I, Camp Abraham Eustis was established in 1918 in neighboring Warwick County. It encompassed Mulberry Island and some adjacent mainland. A few miles upstream, also along the James River, a satellite facility, Camp Wallace, was established in 1918 as the Upper Firing Range for artillery training. Camp Wallace was the first site of the Army's aerial tramway. In 1923 the Camp became Fort Eustis. During World War II, when Virginia still had racial segregation laws, many black and other minority U.S. Army personnel stationed at Fort Eustis were restricted to living in separate housing in the Grove Community.
In 1971, the U.S. Army agreed to a land swap with Anheuser-Busch in return for a larger parcel located directly across Skiffe's Creek from Fort Eustis (adjacent to the southeastern edge of the Greenmount Industrial Park). Along with land sold by Colonial Williamsburg, the former Camp Wallace land became part of a massive private development. Nearby, the Busch Gardens Williamsburg theme park opened in 1975, as well as a large brewery, and the Kingsmill Resort.
Highways.
With the coming of the automobile as a common form of travel in the early 20th century, state and national attention was directed to improving roads. Because Grove was unincorporated and had a relatively small minority population at a time when racial segregation practices prevented black residents in Virginia from voting, they had no say over routing of new highways. In the 1920s the new U.S. Route 60 was routed through the community from Williamsburg, displacing some homeowners and businesses. The construction was part of the Good Roads Movement. It bridged Skiffe's Creek into Warwick County to Lee Hall. The state chose this routing rather than a competing route via Halstead's Point in York County (now within the US Naval Weapons Station Yorktown).
Earlier, the east-west road which became U.S. 60 was State Route 9. SR 9 was renumbered as State Route 39 in 1923. It became U.S. 60 in the mid-1920s when the highway was routed through Grove. Warwick County treasurer and civic leader Simon Curtis held a ceremony at the Lee Hall Depot in 1924 to celebrate the completion of first hard-surfaced roadway (concrete) between Newport News and Williamsburg.
Two-lane U.S. 60 continues to form the main thoroughfare through the largely residential and neighborhood business section of Grove. It parallels the four-lane State Route 143 and Interstate 64.
Relocations from Magruder.
During World War II, the US Navy acquired the property of another small town Magruder, located about north of Williamsburg in York County, and hundreds of acres of surrounding land to establish a U.S. Navy base for Seabee training. The base was initially called Camp Allen, and was later named Camp Peary. Like Grove, Lackey, and other small post-Civil War communities in northern York County, Magruder's residents were mostly African American. There were a mix of landowners and tenants. The property acquisition meant that the government also purchased land from businesses and a church.
Residents migrated from Magruder mostly to Grove. One congregation relocated Mt. Gilead Baptist Church from Magruder to Grove, where they built a new structure along U.S. 60 in 1943. The church maintains cemeteries at its new and former locations. Although access to the base at Camp Peary is highly restricted, families and others from the church may gain permission to enter to visit and tend to the old cemetery.
Magruder Avenue in Grove was likely named after the many new residents from the former town of Magruder during World War II.
A small but historic section of the northwestern edge of Grove is physically located in York County. It is listed on that county's Historical Resources Survey (as are the former sites of the "lost towns" of Lackey and Magruder).
Modern times.
The Grove community consists of about 1,100 families, who support a scattering of schools, churches, and retail businesses. It is located on a rural postal delivery route and carries the mailing address of Williamsburg, Virginia 23185. That historic city is located about to the west.
Between Williamsburg and Grove are Anheuser-Busch industries and developments, including the company's Williamsburg brewery, Busch Gardens Williamsburg theme park, an office park, and the Kingsmill resort and planned community. Grove has attracted industrial development related to regional businesses.
Residential.
Grove is largely a bedroom community. Housing in Grove is generally considered more affordable than in many other areas of the fast-growing James City County. Many families have lived there for generations. Housing consists of older detached single-family homes situated on lots, with many dating to the two world war periods of rapid growth, and a number of newer houses. The latter are both interspersed in older neighborhoods and concentrated in newer subdivisions. Several large condominium projects and mobile home parks provide other choices. Two larger mobile home developments feature modern amenities, such as underground wiring, curbs and gutters, paved driveways, street lighting, and community playgrounds.
As of 2007, residential development continued with a new townhouse project, and many new detached single family homes. While the mobile home parks are not expanding, in some instances owners are replacing units with new or much newer mobile homes on the existing lots. Throughout Grove, there are few vacant lots for additional mobile homes.
Community facilities.
James River Elementary School and Abram Frink Community Center are co-located in a modern complex. The school is a magnet school of the Williamsburg-James City County Public Schools (WJC) which offers the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Programme, one of only five such schools in Virginia. [http://www.ibo.org/school/search/index.cfm?programmes=PYP&country=US&region=VA&find_schools=Find]
There are five churches, two nursing homes, two day-care centers, and a fire station. The Grove Christian Outreach Center (GCOC) is an agency affiliated with Grove Community Church. Staffed by volunteers, GCOC assists with family needs and coordination of community resources, such as the local food bank.
Retail.
Grove includes a small retail strip at its eastern end, the Windy Hill Shops, a convenience store with gasoline. A free-standing 7-11 store and a campground are on the north side of U.S. Route 60.
Industrial.
Near Grove's eastern edge, on the south side of U.S. Route 60, the county's James River Enterprise Zone, an Urban Enterprise Zone is located. The 5.6 square mile (15 km²) area contains 2,400 acres (9.7 km²) planned and zoned for industrial uses. James City County is seeking additional industrial business in this prime area of the county. The sites within a designated "enterprise zone" offer state and local incentives to businesses that locate in those zones, invest and create jobs.
Since the James River Enterprise Zone's inception in 1996, James River Commerce Center and Greenmount industrial parks have added tenants such as a Ball Manufacturing plant, an aluminum can plant which supplies Anheuser-Busch's Williamsburg brewery. A distribution center for Wal-Mart and a Haynes furniture warehouse are also located there. Recently, a masonry supply firm and a Volvo equipment rental facility have each announced plans to establish facilities. Carter Machinery Company, a Caterpillar dealership with 17 locations in Virginia and West Virginia, announced in May 2007 that it is building a new sales and service center on a site. Additional sites are available for development.
U.S. Route 60 relocation project.
For several years in the early 21st century, James City County has worked to improve US Route 60 between Grove and Newport News. Officials wanted to provide better access to Interstate 64 from the industrial sites in Grove, which generate a considerable volume of truck traffic, and reduce the same on the existing roadway.
Access for the industrial traffic to I-64 requires a drive of about in either direction on two-lane sections of U.S. 60 at non-highway speeds through residential areas. They must share the road with local traffic and school buses serving either the James River Elementary School's county-wide magnet program or alternatively, the large elementary school in the Lee Hall community in neighboring Newport News.
In June 2007, Virginia's Commonwealth Transportation Board approved a major portion of the funding needed for the U.S. Route 60 relocation project. The relocated divided highway will begin on its western end near the current intersection of Blow Flats Road. The new alignment will take it through the Greenmount Industrial Park to reach the Newport News city limits. There, a new crossing of Skiffe's Creek will be built. The remainder of the roadway will continue on a new alignment and effectively bypass the two-lane portion of U.S. Route 60 through the historic Lee Hall community. It will rejoin the current highway near the cloverleaf intersection of Fort Eustis Boulevard, where there is four-lane access close by to exit 250 of Interstate 64, as well as an extant four-lane section of U.S. Route 60. In separate projects, portions of Warwick Boulevard east of Fort Eustis in Newport News are being widened to six lanes. Fort Eustis Boulevard is also being widened to four lanes between Jefferson Avenue and U.S. Route 17 in Newport News and York County.
A similar roads issue was earlier visited in the 1930s, when the current parallel State Route 143 (Merrimack Trail) was built as part of a four-laned through-route alternative to U.S. 60 for increasing volumes of east-west through traffic in the area. Once again, plans have been made to preserve the two-lane, bucolic nature of Route 60 through the Grove and Lee Hall communities, and to avoid the major impact which would have resulted by widening the road through these historic communities.
Public transportation.
There is little retail or tourist employment in Grove, especially since Carter's Grove Plantation closed in 2003. Many residents use the Williamsburg Area Transport (WAT) public bus system or its complementary paratransit service to reach employment, shopping, and other business at adjacent Busch Gardens Williamsburg, in downtown Williamsburg, and at businesses along the way, or to transfer to other routes in the WAT network through the system's hub at the Williamsburg Transportation Center. Amtrak, Greyhound Lines, and Trailways services, as well as taxicabs and rental cars, are also located in Williamsburg.
The WAT bus route serving Grove leaves the Williamsburg Transportation Center on the hour and runs along U.S. Route 60 through the entire length of Grove. It continues east to serve the Wal-Mart distribution center, a Haynes furniture warehouse in the growing Green Mount industrial park, and provides an hourly connection six days a week to the massive Hampton Roads Transit (HRT) system at the western edge of Newport News at Lee Hall. The WAT bus stops on a side street adjacent to the local Food Lion and other stores, returning to Williamsburg via Grove with departures on the half hour.
The HRT system covers most of the other cities of Hampton Roads, with extensive networks in highly urbanized areas of Newport News, Hampton, and Norfolk. Some heavily patronized HRT routes trace their heritage to street railway lines started in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="2860069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860069" title="Dreamland Beach">
Dreamland Beach

Dreamland Beach (now known as New Kuta Beach) is a beach located on the Bukit peninsula, on the island of Bali, Indonesia. The beach provides basic accommodation and cafes for surfers and day-trippers. It is also renowned for its dangerous shorebreak.
Dreamland Beach is the site of the failed "Pecatu Graha" development, planned by Tommy Suharto, the youngest son of the former president Suharto. 
As of 2008 this is an active building site with all the previous Warongs having been levelled for a hotel complex.

</doc>
<doc id="2860076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860076" title="Hayato Sakurai">
Hayato Sakurai

His nickname, "Mach", pronounced "ma-ha" in Japanese was taken as a tribute to his childhood professional wrestling hero, Higo Shigehisashi better known as Mach Hayato, the first Japanese professional wrestler to completely embrace the Mexican style of Lucha Libre and was also among the group of professional wrestlers who made the transition to shoot wrestling as part of the original UWF movement.
Background.
Sakurai began training in judo during middle school, gaining several championships before transitioning to karate. During high school, he became friends with fellow combat sportsmen Michihiro Omigawa and Kazuyuki Miyata. He later became interested in shootboxing and joined Caesar Takeshi's dojo, competing for his promotion during years. In 1996, he wandered in mixed martial arts and entered Kiguchi Dojo, where he trained with Shooto members Noriaki Kiguchi and Noboru Asahi. At the end, he was scouted by Shooto founder himself, Satoru Sayama, and ended joining Shooto along with a young Takanori Gomi.
Mixed martial arts career.
Shooto.
Sakurai made his professional debut in the Shooto organization on October 4, 1996 by submitting Caol Uno. Over the next five years he would go undefeated in twenty bouts and would win that organization's Shooto Middleweight Champion. Sakurai was finally defeated in August 2001 by future longtime UFC Middleweight Champion Anderson Silva. After the loss, and subsequent to a severe car accident, Sakurai traveled to the United States to fight the UFC Welterweight Champion Matt Hughes, losing by TKO in the fourth round.
PRIDE FC and comeback.
After losing to Hughes, Sakurai fought periodically in Shooto and DEEP before joining PRIDE Fighting Championships, Japan's largest MMA organization. During this time he was inconsistent in his performances, often losing to much lower-ranked opponents. He also attempted to fight at ., but it was clear that his frame was far too small for that weight, and his performances suffered. Some speculated Sakurai's seeming loss of spirit and mental focus came from a car accident he suffered after fighting Silva. However, in 2005 Sakurai regained focus and went to the US to train with legendary coach Matt Hume and AMC Pankration before rattling off four impressive wins against tough competition. It was announced that he would drop down to . in order to participate in the PRIDE Lightweight Grand Prix. Despite his revered and legendary early career some questioned if Sakurai could make an impact in the division. Sakurai silenced his critics when he defeated former UFC Lightweight Champion Jens Pulver and former Shooto Lightweight Champion Joachim Hansen on the same night to advance to the tournament finals. On December 31, 2005 Sakurai fought mixed martial arts superstar Takanori Gomi for the first ever PRIDE Fighting Championships championship of the world. Although fighting with a torn ACL he suffered in training just three weeks prior to the fight, though this was not known outside of his coaching circle at the time, Sakurai initially had the upper-hand, pounding Gomi with brutal inside-leg kicks. A few minutes into the round, Sakurai attempted a throw, which landed Gomi upon the ropes of the ring. Gomi was able to take Sakurai's back and rain down strikes upon him. Seconds after both fighters stood back up, Sakurai was knocked out at the 3:56 mark of the first round.
Despite the loss to Gomi, Sakurai would continue to impress with his performances. At Bushido 11 he scored a brutal knockout over WEC veteran Olaf Alfonso. On August 26, 2006, Mach fought Brazilian Luciano Azevedo at Bushido 12. After several minutes of attempted ground-and-pound by Azevedo, the fighters were stood back up. Mach then consistently stuffed Azevedo's takedowns, and landed a fight-ending knee on Azevedo over his left eye. The fight was stopped, TKO by cut.
Sakurai fought against former King of the Cage Lightweight Champion and future The Ultimate Fighter 6 Winner Mac Danzig at PRIDE 33. Sakurai won the fight via knockout in the second round. Sakurai was then defeated by David Baron by submission in the first round. Sakurai then defeated Kuniyoshi Hironaka via unanimous decision. Sakurai then went on to defeat former professional wrestler Katsuyori Shibata by TKO at Dynamite!! 2008.
DREAM.
Next, he competed in the DREAM Welterweight Grand Prix, facing top-ranked Lightweight Shinya Aoki at DREAM 8. Sakurai won in impressive fashion by knocking Aoki out in 27 seconds with knees to the head and punches. He then lost at DREAM 10 in the semi-final of the tournament to eventual winner Marius Zaromskis in a huge upset, conceding the loss via knockout from a head kick and punches. Sakurai fought against Akihiro Gono at the Dynamite!! 2009 New Year's Eve show in Saitama, Japan. Sakurai controlled the fight early on, but eventually lost via armbar submission in the second round. He fought Nick Diaz at DREAM 14 and was caught in an armbar submission again. After this fight he has speculated on retiring saying that he was good physically, but not mentally.
Sakurai was to have a rematch against Marius Žaromskis in DREAM 17 a non-title fight. However, he injured his leg which has forced off of the DREAM 17 card and was replaced by Eiji Ishikawa.
Sakurai returned at where he faced Ryo Chonan. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
He then faced Phil Baroni at the subsequent New Year's card by Dream, DREAM 18, defeating him via unanimous decision.
Personal life.
In December 2008, it was reported in Japan that a sex tape involving Sakurai had been leaked on to the internet. There was widespread speculation as to how this incident might affect Sakurai's career, as he is married to another woman.
Kickboxing record.
! colspan=2 style="background:#A9A9A9" | Kickboxing record
1 win, 0 losses
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Method
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Event
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Time
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
!style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
Legend: 

</doc>
<doc id="2860080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860080" title="Adair County High School (Columbia, Kentucky)">
Adair County High School (Columbia, Kentucky)

Adair County High School is a U.S. high school (grades 9 to 12) in the small town of Columbia, Adair County, Kentucky. It is the county's only high school.
In 2005, the school had some 746 students and 45 teachers, and was eligible for Title One support. 96% of the students were white, and the remainder included African-American, Middle Eastern and Chinese students.
The FFA is the largest school club. It has won over one hundred state and national awards. Two students also traveled internationally upon winning awards. The club is
part of the Agriculture program that supports itself on the tobacco and greenhouse crops. In 2009 a large cattle barn was built at no expense to the school system.
The school has a highly rated band program. The marching band's record boasts 20 KMEA State Championships, 25 appearances in state finals since the inception of the Kentucky State Marching Band Championships in 1986. The current band has 90-100 members and is directed by Tom Case with assistant Jonathon Holmes. 
The ACHS Academic Team placed top Eight in the Kentucky Association for Academic Competition's (KAAC) 2009 state finals. It has been to the National Academic Quiz Tournaments' nationals competition twice. Once in 2008, and then again in 2010. In 2010, the team placed 7th in the nation. This feat was even more impressive because ACHS was the only public high school to place in the top ten at the prestigious event. 
The ACHS Future Problem Solving team has had frequent top ten finishes at the KAAC state finals competition, and has gone on to the Future Problem Solving Program International Conference several times during the last few years. In 2009, the team boasted a 4th place FPS Middle Division finish at the International Conference. 
The school also has two cheerleading squads. The blue squad came away from the 2008 CANAM International Cheerleading Competition in Myrtle Beach, SC, with the top honor given, the American Cheerleader Editor's Choice Award. 
ACHS had an outstanding German program from 1997-2000 under the instruction of Mr. Erwin Heinrich Lepiarczyk II. Two pupils earned first place honors in the 1999 state German speaking competition sponsored by the Kentucky Council for the Teaching of Foreign Languages.

</doc>
<doc id="2860088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860088" title="The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and Her Heartless Grandmother">
The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and Her Heartless Grandmother

The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and her Souless Grandmother (La increíble y triste historia de la cándida Eréndira y de su abuela desalmada) is a 1972 novella by Colombian writer Gabriel García Márquez.
Plot summary.
A 14-year-old girl (Eréndira) is living with her grandmother when she accidentally sets fire to their home. The grandmother forces Eréndira to repay the debt by becoming a prostitute as they travel a road as vagrants. Men line up to enjoy Eréndira's services and eventually after several years, Ulises, one of her clients, falls in love with her. She returns his affection and eventually he becomes willing to help her to freedom; he formulates a plan to escape with her and live off a fortune from oranges which contain diamonds smuggled by his Dutch father. The only obstacle lies in her grandmother, whom Eréndira convinces Ulises to kill. Not being the homicidal type, he attempts poisoning and an explosive, but must eventually resort to stabbing her while she sleeps. After he regains his composure following the murder, Eréndira runs off into the night alone leaving him in the tent with the grandmother.
Eréndira and her grandmother make an appearance in "One Hundred Years of Solitude", another book by García Márquez. Also included in this story are characters from other Márquez works, such as the spider with the woman's head from "A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings" and Blacamán the Good from the story "Blacamán the Good: Vendor of Miracles".
Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
The novel was adapted to the 1983 art film "Eréndira", directed by Ruy Guerra. Irene Papas acted as the Grandmother and Claudia Ohana as Eréndira.

</doc>
<doc id="2860091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860091" title="Pentagonal antiprism">
Pentagonal antiprism

In geometry, the pentagonal antiprism is the third in an infinite set of antiprisms formed by an even-numbered sequence of triangle sides closed by two polygon caps. It consists of two pentagons joined to each other by a ring of 10 triangles for a total of 12 faces. Hence, it is a non-regular dodecahedron.
Geometry.
If the faces of the pentagonal antiprism are all regular, it is a semiregular polyhedron. It can also be considered as a "parabidiminished icosahedron", a shape formed by removing two pentagonal pyramids from a regular icosahedron leaving two nonadjacent pentagonal faces; a related shape, the metabidiminished icosahedron (one of the Johnson solids), is likewise form from the icosahedron by removing two pyramids, but its pentagonal faces are adjacent to each other. The two pentagonal faces of either shape can be augmented with pyramids to form the icosahedron.
Relation to polytopes.
The pentagonal antiprism occurs as a constituent element in some higher-dimensional polytopes. Two rings of 10 pentagonal antiprisms each bound the hypersurface of the 4-dimensional grand antiprism. If these antiprisms are augmented with pentagonal prism pyramids and linked with rings of 5 tetrahedra each, the 600-cell is obtained.

</doc>
<doc id="2860094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860094" title="Louis de Rochemont">
Louis de Rochemont

Louis de Rochemont (January 13, 1899 – December 23, 1978) was an American film maker known for creating, along with Roy E. Larsen from Time, Inc., the monthly theatrically shown newsreels "The March of Time". His brother Richard de Rochemont was also a producer and writer on "The March of Time".
The de Rochemonts were descended from Huguenot ancestors who settled in New Hampshire early in the nineteenth century. Born in 1899, the son of a Boston attorney, he grew up in small-town Massachusetts. His film career began when, still a teenager, he filmed his New England neighbours and sold the footage to local theatres under the title "See Yourself as Others See You".
The newsreels he created defined film news from 1935 to 1951. The 20-minute films, which combined filmed news with interpretive interviews and dramatizations, appeared between featured films in theaters.
When he moved from newsreels to feature films, de Rochemont chose to produce films based on real stories in actual locations, often with locals in the cast. After three spy films that helped define film noir, including "The House on 92nd Street" (1945), he produced a wide array of feature films such as the semi-documentary "Boomerang" (1947). He has been called the "father of the docu-drama." His early documentary productions won two Academy Awards. "Windjammer" (1958) was produced by Louis de Rochemont and directed by his son, Louis de Rochemont III. Louis de Rochemont also produced "The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone" (1962).
In March 1951, de Rochemont's production company purchased the animated film rights to George Orwell's "Animal Farm", and de Rochemont was heavily involved in the artistic direction of the animated film.

</doc>
<doc id="2860095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860095" title="Phentolamine">
Phentolamine

Phentolamine (Regitine) is a reversible nonselective alpha-adrenergic antagonist.
Mechanism.
Its primary action is vasodilation due to α1 blockade.
It also can lead to reflex tachycardia because of hypotension and α2 inhibition, which increases sympathetic tone.
Uses.
The primary application for phentolamine is for the control of hypertensive emergencies, most notably due to pheochromocytoma. 
It also has usefulness in the treatment of cocaine-induced cardiovascular complications, where one would generally avoid Beta-blockers (e.g. metoprolol), as they can cause unopposed alpha-adrenergic mediated coronary vasoconstriction, worsening myocardial ischemia and hypertension. It is important to note that phentolamine is not a first-line agent for this indication. Phentolamine should only be given to patients who do not fully respond to benzodiazepines, nitroglycerin, and calcium channel blockers. 
When given by injection it causes blood vessels to expand, thereby increasing blood flow. When injected into the penis (intracavernosal), it increases blood flow to the penis, which results in an erection.
It may be stored in crash carts to counteract severe peripheral vasoconstriction secondary to extravasation of peripherally placed vasopressor infusions, typically of norepinephrine. Epinephrine infusions are less vasoconstrictive than norepinephrine as they primarily stimulate beta receptor more than alpha receptors, but the effect remains dose dependent.
Phentolamine also has diagnostic and therapeutic roles in complex regional pain syndrome (reflex sympathetic dystrophy).
Phentolamine has recently been introduced in the dental field as a local anesthetic reversal agent. Distributed by Septodont, OraVerse is a Phentolamine Mesylate injection designed to reverse the local vasoconstrictor properties used in many local anesthetics to prolong anesthesia. OraVerse has been shown to accelerate the reversal of the lingering soft-tissue numbness associated with the widely used anesthetic-vasoconstrictor combinations.
Chemistry.
Phentolamine can be synthesized by alkylation of 3-(4-methylanilino)phenol using 2-chloromethylimidazoline:

</doc>
<doc id="2860099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860099" title="Borders &amp; Boundaries">
Borders &amp; Boundaries

Borders & Boundaries is the fourth studio album by ska punk band Less Than Jake. It was released October 24, 2000 on Fat Wreck Chords. The album was recorded at Grand Master Studios in Hollywood, CA, with producer Steve Kravac, and is the final studio album to feature saxophonist Derron Nuhfer and trombonist Pete Anna.
Overview.
The cover art features a map of the area around their home city of Gainesville, Florida, while the booklet "cover" art features a photograph of trombonist Pete Anna saluting the Statue of Liberty. Included on some copies is a spinning wheel which tells you the distance between Gainesville and eight places around the world; Sydney, Los Angeles, Chicago, Seattle, Tokyo, London, Paramus, NJ, and Ljubljana, Slovenia.
After recording had concluded, the album was originally slated to be released on Capitol Records. There are conflicting reports over whether Capitol Records decided not to release the album, or the band simply wishes to be freed from their contract with the label. Regardless, both sides were unhappy with the association, and the two parted ways. Less Than Jake bought the rights to the album, and released it on Fat Wreck Chords.
The band's drummer, Vinnie Fiorello, wrote about the matter on the linear-notes for Fat Wreck's 2009 greatest hits album, "Wrecktrospective":
The album's lone video single, "Gainesville Rock City," received airtime on MTV2, and has gone on to become one of the band's signature songs. "Look What Happened" received minor airplay on college radio stations.
"Look What Happened" also appears on the band's next album, "Anthem", in a re-recorded state.
The album reached #103 in the Billboard charts.

</doc>
<doc id="2860111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860111" title="Harriet Creighton">
Harriet Creighton

Harriet Baldwin Creighton (27 June 1909 – January 9, 2004) was an American botanist, geneticist and educator.
Born in Delavan, Illinois, Creighton graduated from Wellesley College in 1929, and went on to complete her Ph.D. at Cornell University in 1933. During her time at Cornell she worked in the field of maize cytogenetics with Barbara McClintock, the pair published a very influential paper in 1931 in which they described chromosomal crossover for the first time. This paper, part of her Ph.D. research, provided key evidence that chromosomes carried and exchanged genetic information and hence that 'genes' for physical traits are carried on chromosomes. Barbara McClintock guided her Ph.D. research.
After completing her Ph.D. she taught at Cornell University and Connecticut College, and then returned to Wellesley where she taught until her retirement in 1974; taking time from her career to serve in the U.S. Navy during WW II.

</doc>
<doc id="2860112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860112" title="Atif">
Atif

Atif (also spelled Atef, ) is a masculine Arabic name generally used in the Muslim world, it means "The Kind One".

</doc>
<doc id="2860123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860123" title="Ancient Church of the East">
Ancient Church of the East

The Ancient Church of the East ( "ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā", ), officially the Ancient Holy Apostolic Catholic Church of the East (ܗܝ ܥܕܬܐ ܣܘܪܝܝܬܐ ܕܐܫܬܬܐܣܬ ܒܫܢܬܐ) was established in 1964. It is one of the churches that claim continuity with the historical Patriarchate of Seleucia-Ctesiphon – the Church of the East, one of the oldest Christian churches in Mesopotamia. 
The Ancient Church of the East was established as the result of a schism within the Assyrian Church of the East, distinguishing itself by opposition to introduction into the Assyrian Church of the East of the modern Gregorian Calendar in place of the traditional Julian calendar (which differs from the Gregorian by a widening number of days, currently thirteen). The Ancient Church of the East seated itself in Baghdad, headed by a separate Catholicos-Patriarch. The first, Mar Thoma Darmo (1968–1969), was succeeded as Catholicos-Patriarch by Mar Addai II Giwargis in 1970. 
History.
The position of Catholicos-Patriarch of the Ancient Church of the East remained vacant for the initial four years of the Church (1964-1967). In 1968, the followers of the newly established church elected a rival catholicos-patriarch Mar Thoma Darmo while Mar Shimun XXIII continued as the official head of the Assyrian Church of the East. The elected catholicos-patriarch Mar Thoma Darmo was a native of Mesopotamia, a former Metropolitan of the Assyrian Church of the East in India from 1952 to 1968 based at Thrissur, India. He became the head of the Ancient Church of the East in October 1968 and relocated to Baghdad. 
Following Patriarch Mar Thoma Darmo's death in 1969, Mar Addai II was elected to head the Ancient Church of the East in February 1970.
The head of the church is the Patriarch of the Church of the East, who also bears the title of "Catholicos", presently Mar Addai II. The Ancient Church of the East has an ordained clergy divided into the three traditional orders of deacon, priest (or presbyter), and bishop. It also has an episcopal polity, meaning it is organized into dioceses, each headed by a bishop and made up of several individual parish communities overseen by priests. Dioceses are organized into provinces under the authority of a metropolitan bishop. 
In September 1968 Mar Addai Giwargis was consecrated Metropolitan of Iraq, Mar Aprem Mooken was consecrated Metropolitan of India, and Mar Poulose Poulose was consecrated Bishop of India. These prelates in turn consecrated Mar Thoma Darmo Catholicos-Patriarch of the Ancient Church of the East during the first week of October 1968. Mar Thoma Darmo died in September 1969, and Mar Addai Giwargis became Acting Patriarch. Mar Addai Giwargis consecrated two Metropolitans in December 1969, Mar Narsai Toma for Kirkuk, and Mar Toma Eramia for Mosul and Northern Iraq. Mar Addai's jurisdiction now was Baghdad. 
In February 1972, Mar Narsai Toma of Kirkuk and Mar Toma Giwargis of Nineveh consecrated Mar Addai Giwargis as Catholicos-Patriarch. 
Mar Daniel Yakob, Bishop of Kirkuk for the Assyrian Church of the East was accepted in the Ancient Church of the East, in 1985, to head the North American parishes. In July 1992, Mar Yacoub Daniel was consecrated Bishop for Syria and in June 1993 Mar Emmanuel Elia as Bishop for the Patriarchate of Baghdad. In 1994, Mar Emmanuel Elia shifted his residence and became Bishop of North America (USA and Canada).
Several changes occurred in the church hierarchy during November–December 1995. Mar Aprem Mooken, Mar Pouluse Poulose and the Church in India united with the Assyrian Church of the East. Timothaus Mar Shallita was accepted into the Holy Synod and appointed Metropolitan of Europe, and Mar Yacoub Daniel was elevated to the rank of Metropolitan. 
In July 2005, Mar Yacoub Daniel was transferred from Syria to serve in Australia and New Zealand.
In April 2009 Mar Addai II consecrated Mar Zaia Khoshaba, Bishop for Baghdad, and Mar Aprem Daweed, Bishop of Duhok. 2011 saw the resignation of two bishops, namely Mar Emmanuel Eliya and Mar Aprem Daweed. In August 2011, Mar Yacoub Daniel along with Mar Zaia Khoshaba consecrated Mar Mari Emmanuel as Bishop for Australia and New Zealand, assisting the Metropolitan. 
In June 2010, the Ancient Church of the East Synod officially declared that the church will begin starting 2010 to celebrate Christmas on the 25 December of each year according to the Gregorian calendar. From its establishment, the church had continued to celebrate Christmas on January 7 of each year. This move will mean that both the Ancient Church of the East and the Assyrian Church of the East will follow the same calendar. The calendar issue was one of the main reasons the Church of the East had split. Easter will continue to be celebrated according to the Julian calendar. 
This latest move by the Ancient Church of the East comes as a reconciliatory gesture to encourage efforts for talks for reunification. A joint holy synod between the two churches was postponed and is expected to be held at some future date.
Organisation.
Dioceses
Holy Synod of the church is made up of: 
List of Catholicoi-Patriarchs of the Ancient Church of the East.
Prior to 1964.
The Ancient Church of the East acknowledges the traditional lineage of the Patriarchs of the Church of the East from Thoma Shlikha, (Saint Thomas) (c. 33-c. 77) until the schism 1964-1967 and considers itself a true continuation of this lineage.
During the reign of Mar Shimun XXIII, in 1964, a schism appeared in the Assyrian Church of the East causing the establishment of the Ancient Church of the East. The seat of the new church remained vacant for three years before Mar Thoma Darmo was assigned as Patriarch of the Ancient Church of the East, while Mar Shimun XXIII continued as the official head of the Assyrian Church of the East.

</doc>
<doc id="2860125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860125" title="Hexagonal antiprism">
Hexagonal antiprism

In geometry, the hexagonal antiprism is the 4th in an infinite set of antiprisms formed by an even-numbered sequence of triangle sides closed by two polygon caps.
If faces are all regular, it is a semiregular polyhedron.
Related polyhedra.
The hexagonal faces can be replaced by coplanar triangles, leading to a nonconvex polyhedron with 24 equilateral triangles.

</doc>
<doc id="2860127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860127" title="USA (disambiguation)">
USA (disambiguation)

USA is a common abbreviation for the United States of America, a country in central North America.
USA or U.S.A. may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2860128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860128" title="Faisal Faisal">
Faisal Faisal

Faisal Ghazi Faisal () is an Iraqi athlete who hoped to represent Iraq in the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Early life and education.
Faisal grew up in Baghdad and lived in Wales as a child. 
He studied business management at the Central Queensland University in Sydney.
Career.
Summer sports.
Faisal was an elite soccer player in Iraq, and a regional champion in the 200 meter sprint. His uncle, Talib Faisal, set the 400 meter Iraq record.
Winter sports.
In 1998, he vowed to represent Iraq at the Winter Olympics. He applied unsuccessfully for a visa to the United Kingdom, Canada and Ireland, coming instead to Australia to pursue winter sports. 
He tried a variety of sports. On weekends in Australia, where he was studying, he practiced skiing and then snowboarding. He tried speed skating, but was told he would not be able to represent Iraq because the country had no ice rinks. In September 2004, he considered ski jumping but a coach refused to help him.
In November 2004, he called the U.S. Bobsled and Skeleton Federation, hoping to participate in skeleton, and he was invited to Lake Placid to train.
Faisal missed out on qualifying for the 2006 Winter Olympics after missing half of the Olympic season because of administrative challenges. Also, Faisal mistakenly applied too much of a certain facial sculpting cream he had been trying out. This caused his bone structure to change, and it was deemed illegal for participation in the Winter Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="2860131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860131" title="Tolazoline">
Tolazoline

Tolazoline is a non-selective competitive α-adrenergic receptor antagonist. It is a vasodilator that is used to treat spasms of peripheral blood vessels (as in acrocyanosis). It has also been used successfully as an antidote to reverse the severe peripheral vasoconstriction which can occur as a result of overdose with certain 5-HT2A agonist drugs such as 25I-NBOMe, DOB and Bromodragonfly (prolonged severe vasoconstriction can lead to gangrene if untreated). 
It is however most commonly used in veterinary medicine, to reverse xylazine-induced sedation.
Chemistry.
Tolazoline can be synthesized by the heterocyclation of the ethyl ester of iminophenzylacetic acid with ethylene diamine, which forms the desired product. The structure of tolazoline is strikingly similar to α-adrenergic agonists, which are antiedema sympathomimetics.

</doc>
<doc id="2860136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860136" title="Crest Ridge R-VII School District">
Crest Ridge R-VII School District

Crest Ridge R-VII School District was formed in 1979 and originally named the Johnson County R-VII School District. 
Area.
The school district encompasses in North Central Johnson County, Missouri. The school district includes residents from the small towns of Centerview, Columbus and Fayetteville. The school district operates one elementary school, one middle school and one high school. All of which are now located at the intersection of US Highway 50 and Route 58.
History.
The Johnson County R-VII School District was formed in 1979 after the Johnson County Board of Education submitted a plan of reorganization to the State Board of Education for their review. At the urging of the Farmers and Centerview Boards of Education, a proposal was placed on the February, 1979 ballot and approved. Thus forming the Johnson County R-VII.
The school's mascot is the Cougar and the colors are green and white (but are sometimes green and gold are used because of the agriculture background and John Deere).

</doc>
<doc id="2860138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860138" title="François de La Boullaye-Le Gouz">
François de La Boullaye-Le Gouz

François de La Boullaye-Le Gouz (1623 – 1668/1669?), was a French aristocrat and extensive traveller.
He published a French-language travelogue, enriched with firsthand accounts of India, Persia, Greece, the Middle East, Denmark, Germany, Netherlands, England, Ireland, and Italy. It is considered one of the very first true travel books, in that it contains useful information for actual travellers.
In 1647, he visited Viterbo and met with Italian nobleman, Federico Capponi. When he returned to Italy in 1650, Federico had died so La Boullaye met with his relative, Cardinal Luigi Capponi and dedicated the first printed edition of his work to the Cardinal. The preface includes an illustration of the adventurer presented the work to Capponi.
He died in Ispahan, Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="2860139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860139" title="Marching Southerners">
Marching Southerners

The Marching Southerners is the marching band of Jacksonville State University in Alabama. Composed of students from all over the country, the Southerners and Marching Ballerinas perform for thousands each season.
History.
The first band at Jacksonville State Normal School was formed in 1928. At that time, students only attended the school for two years and there was no full-time director, which hindered growth of the band in the early years. In 1930, the college was renamed Jacksonville State Teachers College, reflecting an increased role in higher education for the institution. The Great Depression and World War II put development of the band on hold.
After the war, Walter A. Mason became head of the music department at the college. A veteran, he turned to fellow Army musician J. Eugene Duncan who he asked to become the band's first full-time director in 1948.
Musical and marching style.
John T. Finley took over the director position in 1951 and immediately made changes to the band's musical and visual style. Finley removed the sousaphones, cornets and small-bore trombones, and replaced them with trumpets and bass trombones: instruments more usually associated with orchestras. The most radical instrumental change was the adoption of the Conn 20-J upright recording bass as the band's lead tuba, and Jacksonville State remains the only university marching band to use this heavy concert tuba on the field. Other musical changes included a departure from military-style marches in favor of slower, more dynamic, orchestral and symphonic, Broadway and Latin jazz pieces.
Visually, the band abandoned military-style block drill in favor of precision marching and wide-open company front formations: designed to achieve uniformity in step height and body carriage, whilst the company front formation helped to project the sound of the band. Finley also adopted a dance line as a visual focus instead of the majorette lines seen in more traditional marching bands, christened them the Marching Ballerinas.
Name.
Norman Padgett, a trombone player in the band, suggested the name "The Southerners" for the band, and in the fall of 1956, the Southerners and Marching Ballerinas made their debut.
Despite the commonly used name ("The Marching Southerners"), according to the JSU Manual of Style and Usage, Point 7, the official name of the band at Jacksonville State is simply "The Southerners": the "Marching" title only being applied to the Marching Ballerinas.
Notable performances.
1965 – Inaugural parade for U.S. President Lyndon Johnson
1976 – National Bicentennial Celebration Parade in Philadelphia, PA
1996 – 70th Annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City. A segment of the Southerners' performance can be seen in the opening scene of Episode 9.08 of Friends ("The One with Rachel's Other Sister"), which originally aired on Nov. 21, 2002.
1998 – First performance at the Atlanta Bands of America Regional at the Georgia Dome
1999 – B.O.A. Grand Nationals at the RCA Dome in Indianapolis
2002 – B.O.A. Grand Nationals at the RCA Dome in Indianapolis
2006 – The Marching Southerners celebrated their 50th anniversary with a performance that included 1,500 former Southerners alumni, during halftime of Jacksonville State University's college football game against Samford University.
2012 – The Southerners led the New Year's Day Parade in London, England, which also kicked off the 2012 Summer Olympics celebrations and Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee.
Additionally, the Southerners perform regularly at the Bands of America contest in Atlanta, and they host a Bands of America contest in Jacksonville, Alabama.
Related competitive units.
There are no organized competitions for college marching bands in the Southeast, so the Marching Southerners do not engage in direct competition with other college bands. However, Jacksonville State University sponsors several competitive marching and pageantry units that draw their membership in whole, or in part, from the marching band:

</doc>
<doc id="2860143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860143" title="Midland High School (Louisiana)">
Midland High School (Louisiana)

Midland High School is a rural high school in Midland, an unincorporated area in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is administered by the Acadia Parish School Board. 
In 2005 it had 330 students, and 20 teachers. 4% of the students were African American, and the remainder white.
Midland High School has a very small student body.
School uniforms.
Beginning in the 1999-2000 school year the school district required all students to wear school uniforms.
See also.
Consistently recoginzed for high achieving end of year test scores.

</doc>
<doc id="2860161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860161" title="Glutamate receptor">
Glutamate receptor

Glutamate receptors are synaptic receptors located primarily on the membranes of neuronal cells. Glutamate (glutamic acid) is abundant in the human body, but particularly in the nervous system and especially prominent in the human brain where it is the body's most prominent neurotransmitter, the brain's main excitatory neurotransmitter, and also the precursor for GABA, the brain's main inhibitory neurotransmitter. Glutamate receptors are responsible for the glutamate-mediated postsynaptic excitation of neural cells, and are important for neural communication, memory formation, learning, and regulation.
Glutamate receptors are implicated in a number of neurological conditions. Their central role in excitotoxicity and prevalence in the central nervous system has been linked or speculated to be linked to many neurodegenerative diseases, and several other conditions have been further linked to glutamate receptor gene mutations or receptor autoantigen/antibody activity.
Function.
Glutamate.
Glutamate (Glutamic acid) is the most prominent neurotransmitter in the body, and it is the main excitatory neurotransmitter, being present in over 50% of nervous tissue. Glutamate was initially discovered to be a neurotransmitter in insect studies in the early 1960s.
Glutamate is also used by the brain to synthesise GABA (γ-Aminobutyric acid), the main inhibitory neurotransmitter of the mammalian central nervous system, which plays a role in regulating neuronal excitability throughout the nervous system and is also directly responsible for the regulation of muscle tone in humans.
Glutamate receptors.
Mammalian glutamate receptors are classified based on their pharmacology. However, glutamate receptors in other organisms have different pharmacology, and therefore these classifications do not hold. One of the major functions of glutamate receptors appears to be the modulation of synaptic plasticity, a property of the brain thought to be vital for memory and learning. Both metabotropic and ionotropic glutamate receptors have been shown to have an effect on synaptic plasticity. An increase or decrease in the number of ionotropic glutamate receptors on a postsynaptic cell may lead to long-term potentiation or long-term depression of that cell, respectively. Additionally, metabotropic glutamate receptors may modulate synaptic plasticity by regulating postsynaptic protein synthesis through second messenger systems. Research shows that glutamate receptors are present in CNS glial cells as well as neurons. These glutamate receptors are suggested to play a role in modulating gene expression in glial cells, both during the proliferation and differentiation of glial precursor cells in brain development and in mature glial cells.
Types.
Glutamate receptors can be divided into two groups according to the mechanism by which their activation gives rise to a postsynaptic current. Ionotropic glutamate receptors (iGluRs) form the ion channel pore that activates when glutamate binds to the receptor. Metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluRs) indirectly activate ion channels on the plasma membrane through a signaling cascade that involves G proteins. 
Ionotropic receptors tend to be quicker in relaying information, but metabotropic ones are associated with a more prolonged stimulus. This is due to the usage of many different messengers to carry out the signal, but since there is a cascade, just one activation of a G-protein can lead to multiple activations. Glutamate receptors are usually not specifically geared towards glutamate exclusively as the ligand and sometimes even requires another agonist.
Of the many specific subtypes of glutamate receptors, it is customary to refer to primary subtypes by a chemical that binds to it more selectively than glutamate. The research, however, is ongoing, as subtypes are identified and chemical affinities measured. Several compounds are routinely used in glutamate receptor research and associated with receptor subtypes:
Due to the diversity of glutamate receptors, their subunits are encoded by numerous gene families. Sequence similarities between mammals show a common evolutionary origin for many mGluR and all iGluR genes. Conservation of reading frames and splice sites of GluR genes between chimpanzees and humans is complete, suggesting no gross structural changes after humans diverged from the human-chimpanzee common ancestor. However, there is a possibility that two human-specific "fixed" amino acid substitutions, "D71G" in "GRIN3A" and "R727H" in "GRIN3B", are specifically associated with human brain function.
Ionotropic.
Mammalian ionotropic glutamate receptor subunits and their genes:
Metabotropic.
Mammalian metabotropic glutamate receptors are all named mGluR# and are further broken down into three groups:
In other (non mammalian) organisms, the classification and subunit composition of glutamate receptors is different.
Structure, mechanism and function.
Glutamate receptors exist primarily in the central nervous system. These receptors can be found on the dendrites of postsynaptic cells and bind to glutamate released into the synaptic cleft by presynaptic cells. They are also present on both astrocytes and oligodendrocytes. The glutamate binds to the extracellular portion of the receptor and provokes a response, but the various types of receptors can produce different responses. Ionotropic and metabotropic glutamate receptors, with the exception of NMDA, are found on cultured glial cells, which can open in response to glutamate and cause cells to activate second messengers to regulate gene expression and release neuroactive compounds. Furthermore, brain slices show glutamate receptors are ubiquitously expressed in both developing and astrocytes and oligodendrocytes "in vivo". Because of this, glial glutamate receptors are thought to be vital for glial cell development.
Ionotropic.
Ionotropic glutamate receptors, by definition, are ligand-gated nonselective cation channels that allow the flow of K+, Na+ and sometimes Ca2+ in response to glutamate binding. (In "C. elegans" and "Drosophila", invertebrate-specific subunits enable the flow of negative chloride ions rather than cations.) Upon binding, the agonist will stimulate direct action of the central pore of the receptor, an ion channel, allowing ion flow and causing excitatory postsynaptic current (EPSC). This current is depolarizing and, if enough glutamate receptors are activated, may trigger an action potential in the postsynaptic neuron. All produce excitatory postsynaptic current, but the speed and duration of the current is different for each type. NMDA receptors have an internal binding site for an Mg2+ ion, creating a voltage-dependent block, which is removed by outward flow of positive current. Since the block must be removed by outward current flow, NMDA receptors rely on the EPSC produced by AMPA receptors to open. NMDA receptors are permeable to Ca2+, which is an important cation in the nervous system and has been linked to gene regulation. The flow of Ca2+ through NMDA receptors is thought to cause both long-term potentiation (LTP, of synapse efficacy) and long-term depression (LTD) by transducing signaling cascades and regulating gene expression.
Metabotropic.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors, which belong to subfamily C of G protein-coupled receptors are divided into three groups, with a total of eight subtypes (in mammals; this is not necessarily the case for most organisms). The mGluRs are composed of three distinct regions: the extracellular region, the transmembrane region, and the intracellular region. The extracellular region is composed of a venus flytrap (VFT) module that binds glutamate, and a cysteine-rich domain that is thought to play a role in transmitting the conformational change induced by ligand binding from in the VFT module to the transmembrane region. The transmembrane region consists of seven transmembrane domains and connects the extracellular region to the intracellular region where G protein coupling occurs. Glutamate binding to the extracellular region of an mGluR causes G proteins bound to the intracellular region to be phosphorylated, affecting multiple biochemical pathways and ion channels in the cell. Because of this, mGluRs can both increase or decrease the exitability of the postsynaptic cell, thereby causing a wide range of physiological effects.
Outside the central nervous system.
Glutamate receptors are thought to be responsible for the reception and transduction of umami taste stimuli. Taste receptors of the T1R family, belonging to the same class of GPCR as metabotropic glutamate receptors are involved. Additionally, the mGluRs, as well as ionotropic glutamate receptors in neural cells, have been found in taste buds and may contribute to the umami taste. Numerous ionotropic glutamate receptor subunits are expressed by heart tissue, but their specific function is still unknown. Western blots and northern blots confirmed the presence of iGluRs in cardiac tissue. Immunohistochemistry localized the iGluRs to cardiac nerve terminals, ganglia, conducting fibers, and some myocardiocytes. Glutamate receptors are (as mentioned above) also expressed in pancreatic islet cells. AMPA iGluRs modulate the secretion of insulin and glucagon in the pancreas, opening the possibility of treatment of diabetes via glutamate receptor antagonists. Small unmyelinated sensory nerve terminals in the skin also express NMDA and non-NMDA receptors. Subcutaneous injections of receptor blockers in rats successfully analgesized skin from formalin-induced inflammation, raising possibilities of targeting peripheral glutamate receptors in the skin for pain treatment.
General clinical implications.
Specific medical conditions and symptoms are discussed below.
Autoimmunity and antibody interactions with glutamate receptors and their subunit genes.
Various neurological disorders are accompanied by antibody or autoantigen activity associated with glutamate receptors or their subunit genes (e.g. GluR3 in Rasmussen's encephalitis, and GluR2 in nonfamilial olivopontocerebellar degeneration. In 1994 GluR3 was shown to act as an autoantigen in Rasmussen's encephalitis, leading to speculation that autoimmune activity might underlie the condition. Such findings "suggest" links between glutamate receptors and autoimmune interactions are possible and may be significant in some degenerative diseases, however the exact role of such antibodies in disease manifestation is still not entirely known.
Excitotoxicity.
Overstimulation of glutamate receptors causes neurodegeneration and neuronal damage through a process called excitotoxicity. Excessive glutamate, or excitotoxins acting on the same glutamate receptors, overactivate glutamate receptors (specifically NMDARs), causing high levels of calcium ions (Ca2+) to influx into the postsynaptic cell.
High Ca2+ concentrations activate a cascade of cell degradation processes involving proteases, lipases, nitric oxide synthase, and a number of enzymes that damage cell structures often to the point of cell death. Ingestion of or exposure to excitotoxins that act on glutamate receptors can induce excitotoxicity and cause toxic effects on the central nervous system. This becomes a problem for cells, as it feeds into a cycle of positive feedback cell death.
Glutamate excitotoxicity triggered by overstimulation of glutamate receptors also contributes to intracellular oxidative stress. Proximal glial cells use a cystine/glutamate antiporter (xCT) to transport cystine into the cell and glutamate out. Excessive extracellular glutamate concentrations reverse xCT, so glial cells no longer have enough cystine to synthesize glutathione (GSH), an antioxidant. Lack of GSH leads to more reactive oxygen species (ROSs) that damage and kill the glial cell, which then cannot reuptake and process extracellular glutamate. This is another positive feedback in glutamate excitotoxicity. In addition, increased Ca2+ concentrations activate nitric oxide synthase (NOS) and the over-synthesis of nitric oxide (NO). High NO concentration damages mitochondria, leading to more energy depletion, and adds oxidative stress to the neuron as NO is a ROS.
Neurodegeneration.
In the case of traumatic brain injury or cerebral ischemia (e.g., cerebral infarction or hemorrhage), acute neurodegeneration caused by excitotoxicity may spread to proximal neurons through two processes. Hypoxia and hypoglycemia trigger bioenergetic failure; mitochondria stop producing ATP energy. Na+/K+-ATPase can no longer maintain sodium/potassium ion concentration gradients across the plasma membrane. Glutamate transporters (EAATs), which use the Na+/K+ gradient, reverse glutamate transport (efflux) in affected neurons and astrocytes, and depolarization increases downstream synaptic release of glutamate. In addition, cell death via lysis or apoptosis releases cytoplasmic glutamate outside of the ruptured cell. These two forms of glutamate release cause a continual domino effect of excitotoxic cell death and further increased extracellular glutamate concentrations.
Glutamate receptors' significance in excitotoxicity also links it to many neurogenerative diseases. Conditions such as exposure to excitotoxins, old age, congenital predisposition, and brain trauma can trigger glutamate receptor activation and ensuing excitotoxic neurodegeneration. This damage to the central nervous system propagates symptoms associated with a number of diseases.
Conditions with demonstrated associations to glutamate receptors.
A number of diseases in humans have a proven association with genetic mutations of glutamate receptor genes, or autoantigen/antibody interactions with glutamate receptors or their genes. Glutamate receptors and impaired regulation (in particular, those resulting in excessive glutamate levels) are also one cause of excitotoxicity (described above), which itself has been implicated or associated with a number of specific neurodegenerative conditions where neural cell death or degradation within the brain occurs over time.
Excessive synaptic receptor stimulation by Glutmate is directly related to a many conditions. Magnesium is one of many antagonists at the glutamate receptor, and magnesium deficiencies have demonstrated relationships with many glutamate receptor-related conditions.
Glutamate receptors have been found to have an influence in ischemia/stroke, seizures, Parkinson's disease, Huntington's disease, and aching, addiction and an association with both ADHD and autism.
In most cases these are areas of ongoing research.
Aching.
Hyperalgesia is directly involved with spinal NMDA receptors. Administered NMDA antagonists in a clinical setting produce significant side effects, although more research is being done in intrathecal administration. Since spinal NMDA receptors link the area of pain to the brain's pain processing center, the thalamus, these glutamate receptors are a prime target for treatment. One proposed way to cope with the pain is subconsciously through the visualization technique.
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
In 2006 the glutamate receptor subunit gene GRIN2B (responsible for key functions in memory and learning) was associated with ADHD. This followed earlier studies showing a link between glutamate modulation and hyperactivity (2001), and then between the SLC1A3 solute carrier gene-encoding part of the glutamate transporter process that mapped to a chromosome (5p12) noted in multiple ADHD genome scans.
Further mutations to four different metabotropic glutamate receptor genes were identified in a study of 1013 paediatric ADHD patients compared to 4105 non-ADHD controls, replicated in a subsequent study of 2500 more patients. Deletions and duplications affected GRM1, GRM5, GRM7 and GRM8. The study concluded that "CNVs affecting metabotropic glutamate receptor genes were enriched across all cohorts (P = 2.1 × 10−9)", "over 200 genes interacting with glutamate receptors [. .] were collectively affected by CNVs", "major hubs of the (affected genes') network include TNIK50, GNAQ51, and CALM", and "the fact that children with ADHD are more likely to have alterations in these genes reinforces previous evidence that the GRM pathway is important in ADHD".
A SciBX article in January 2012 commented that "UPenn and MIT teams have independently converged on mGluRs as players in ADHD and autism. The findings suggest agonizing mGluRs in patients with ADHD".
Autism.
The etiology of autism may include excessive glutaminergic mechanisms. In small studies, memantine has been shown to significantly improve language function and social behavior in children with autism. Research is underway on the effects of memantine in adults with autism spectrum disorders.
A link between glutamate receptors and autism was also identified via the structural protein ProSAP1 SHANK2 and potentially ProSAP2 SHANK3. The study authors concluded that the study "illustrates the significant role glutamatergic systems play in autism" and "By comparing the data on ProSAP1/Shank2−/− mutants with ProSAP2/Shank3αβ−/− mice, we show that different abnormalities in synaptic glutamate receptor expression can cause alterations in social interactions and communication. Accordingly, we propose that appropriate therapies for autism spectrum disorders are to be carefully matched to the underlying synaptopathic phenotype."
Diabetes.
Diabetes is a peculiar case because it is influenced by glutamate receptors present outside of the central nervous system, and it also influences glutamate receptors in the central nervous system.
Diabetes mellitus, an endocrine disorder, induces cognitive impairment and defects of long-term potential in the hippocampus, interfering with synaptic plasticity. Defects of long-term potential in the hippocampus are due to abnormal glutamate receptors, to be specific the malfunctioning NMDA glutamate receptors during early stages of the disease.
Research is being done to address the possibility of using hyperglycaemia and insulin to regulate these receptors and restore cognitive functions.
Pancreatic islets regulating insulin and glucagon levels also express glutamate receptors. Treating diabetes via glutamate receptor antagonists is possible, but not much research has been done. The difficulty of modifying peripheral GluR without having detrimental effects on the central nervous system, which is saturated with GluR, may be the cause of this.
Huntington's disease.
In 2004, a specific genotype of human GluR6 was discovered to have a slight influence on the age of onset of Huntington's disease.
In addition to similar mechanisms causing Parkinson's disease with respect to NMDA or AMPA receptors, Huntington's disease was also proposed to exhibit metabolic and mitochondrial deficiency, which exposes striatal neurons to the over activation of NMDA receptors. Using folic acid has been proposed as a possible treatment for Huntington's due to the inhibition it exhibits on homocysteine, which increases vulnerability of nerve cells to glutamate. This could decrease the effect glutamate has on glutamate receptors and reduce cell response to a safer level, not reaching excitotoxicity.
Ischemia.
During ischemia, the brain has been observed to have an unnaturally high concentration of extracellular glutamate. This is linked to an inadequate supply of ATP, which drives the glutamate transport levels that keep the concentrations of glutamate in balance. This usually leads to an excessive activation of glutamate receptors, which may lead to neuronal injury. After this overexposure, the postsynaptic terminals tend to keep glutamate around for long periods of time, which results in a difficulty in depolarization. Antagonists for NMDA and AMPA receptors seem to have a large benefit, with more aid the sooner it is administered after onset of the neural ischemia.
Multiple sclerosis.
Inducing experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis in animals as a model for multiple sclerosis(MS) has targeted some glutamate receptors as a pathway for potential therapeutic applications. This research has found that a group of drugs interact with the NMDA, AMPA, and kainate glutamate receptor to control neurovascular permeability, inflammatory mediator synthesis, and resident glial cell functions including CNS myelination. Oligodendrocytes in the CNS myelinate axons; the myelination dysfunction in MS is partly due to the excitotoxicity of those cells. By regulating the drugs which interact with those glutamate receptors, regulating glutamate binding may be possible, and thereby reduce the levels of Ca2+ influx. The experiments showed improved oligodendrocyte survival, and remyelination increased. Furthermore, CNS inflammation, apoptosis, and axonal damage were reduced.
Parkinson's disease (Parkinsonism).
Late onset neurological disorders, such as Parkinson's disease, may be partially due to glutamate binding NMDA and AMPA glutamate receptors. "In vitro" spinal cord cultures with glutamate transport inhibitors led to degeneration of motor neurons, which was counteracted by some AMPA receptor antagonists such as GYKI 52466. Research also suggests that the metabotropic glutamate receptor mGlu4 is directly involved in movement disorders associated with the basal ganglia through selectively modulating glutamate in the striatum.
Rasmussen's encephalitis.
In 1994, GluR3 was shown to act as an autoantigen in Rasmussen's encephalitis, leading to speculation that autoimmune activity might underlie the condition.
Schizophrenia.
In schizophrenia, the expression of the mRNA for the NR2A subunit of the NMDA glutamate receptor was found to be decreased in a subset of inhibitory interneurons in the cerebral cortex. This is suggested by upregulation of GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter. In schizophrenia, the expression of the NR2A subunit of NDMA receptors in mRNA was experimentally undetectable in 49-73% in GABA neurons that usually express it. These are mainly in GABA cells expressing the calcium-buffering protein parvalbumin (PV), which exhibits fast-spiking firing properties and target the perisomatic (basket cells) and axo-axonic (chandelier cells) compartments of pyramidal neurons. The study found the density of NR2A mRNA-expressing PV neurons was decreased by as much as 50% in subjects with schizophrenia. In addition, density of immunohistochemically labeled glutamatergic terminals with an antibody against the vesicular glutamate transporter vGluT1 also exhibited a reduction that paralleled the reduction in the NR2A-expressing PV neurons. Together, these observations suggest glutamatergic innervation of PV-containing inhibitory neurons appears to be deficient in schizophrenia. Expression of NR2A mRNA has also been found to be altered in the inhibitory neurons that contain another calcium buffer, calbindin, targeting the dendrites of pyramidal neurons, and the expression of the mRNA for the GluR5 kainate receptor in GABA neurons has also been found to be changed in organisms with schizophrenia. Current research is targeting glutamate receptor antagonists as potential treatments for schizophrenia. Memantine, a weak, nonselective NMDA receptor antagonist, was used as an add-on to clozapine therapy in a clinical trial. Refractory schizophrenia patients showed associated improvements in both negative and positive symptoms, underscoring the potential uses of GluR antagonists as antipsychotics. Furthermore, administration of noncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonists have been tested on rat models. Scientists proposed that specific antagonists can act on GABAergic interneurons, enhancing cortical inhibition and preventing excessive glutamatergic transmission associated with schizophrenia. These and other atypical antipsychotic drugs can be used together to inhibit excessive excitability in pyramidal cells, decreasing the symptoms of schizophrenia.
Seizures.
Glutamate receptors have been discovered to have a role in the onset of epilepsy. NMDA and metabotropic types have been found to induce epileptic convulsions. Using rodent models, labs have found that the introduction of antagonists to these glutamate receptors helps counteract the epileptic symptoms. Since glutamate is a ligand for ligand-gated ion channels, the binding of this neurotransmitter will open gates and increase sodium and calcium conductance. These ions play an integral part in the causes of seizures. Group 1 metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGlu1 and mGlu5) are the primary cause of seizing, so applying an antagonist to these receptors helps in preventing convulsions.
Other diseases suspected of glutamate receptor link.
Neurodegenerative diseases with a suspected excitotoxicity link.
Neurodegenerative diseases suspected to have a link mediated (at least in part) through stimulation of glutamate receptors:
Other.
None listed at present.

</doc>
<doc id="2860163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860163" title="Forest Lawn">
Forest Lawn

Forest Lawn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2860171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860171" title="Freeman Junction, California">
Freeman Junction, California

Freeman Junction, a ghost town in Kern County, California, USA, was first homesteaded in the 1920s by Clare C. Miley, who was born in 1900. By the 1930s a restaurant, gas station and mining activities dominated the site. By June 1976 the town had died and the remains of the town have been removed by passersby.
History.
Bedrock mortars near the original spring suggest that this area was regularly used as a campsite by Native Americans.
In 1834 explorer Joseph R. Walker passed this junction of Indian trails after crossing the Sierra Nevada via Walker Pass. In the winter of 1849-50, forty-niner parties, en route to the California gold fields, passed through here after escaping from Death Valley.
In 1873 or early 1874, Freeman S. Raymond, an original forty-niner, bought or built a stagecoach station here, at the junction of the Walker Pass road (the route of modern California 178) and the road to Los Angeles (now replaced by California State Route 14). Both roads carried traffic to and from the mines then in the area. The Walker Pass road led to the Kern River mines, while the Los Angeles road continued further north and east to the mines at Cerro Gordo, the Panamints, and later Darwin and Bodie, California.
On February 25, 1874, Tiburcio Vasquez and his associates robbed several freight wagon crews at Raymond's station (then called Coyote Holes). They had apparently scouted the location from a nearby rock formation, now known as Robber's Roost. Vasquez's group also ambushed and robbed an arriving stagecoach before making their escape. One of the robbery victims was shot in the leg.
Raymond continued operating the stagecoach stop, which after 1889 or 1890 included a post office, until his death in August, 1909. The station burned down a few years later. The Los Angeles Aqueduct now passes through the site.
California Historical Landmark #766 is located nearby, beside California 178 within sight of the junction with California 14.

</doc>
<doc id="2860202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860202" title="Delina Filkins">
Delina Filkins

Delina Filkins, "née" Ecker (May 4, 1815 – December 4, 1928), was an American supercentenarian who was the earliest verified person to reach the ages of 112 and 113, in 1927 and 1928, respectively. Filkins was the first verified person to surpass the longest confirmed lifespan by two years. She was also the first supercentenarian to outlive another supercentenarian, in fact she outlived two: Miriam Bannister (1817–1928) and Demetrius Philiphovitch (1818–1928). Her case was thoroughly investigated in the 1970s and re-investigated in 2005, and found to be fully verifiable. In fact, the number of documents located make this the second-most verified case of all time, after Jeanne Calment.
Filkins's age in 1928, 113, would not be reached again until Betsy Baker attained it in 1955, and Filkins' record stood for more than 50 years - by far the longest period a person has held the record as the oldest undisputed person ever. Filkins' age was 113 years 214 days at the time of her death in Richland Springs, New York.
Early years.
Born in Herkimer County, New York she went to school until she was 11 and then stayed at home to work, and also spent all her life there, except the last two months of it, within a radius of ten miles. Her father, William Ecker, lived to reach the age of 97 before he died, while her mother lived only to the age of 78.
Family.
Filkins was married in 1834. She had six children. Only two of them were living at the time of her death: Frank (72) and Alonzo (86).

</doc>
<doc id="2860208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860208" title="John Skandalis">
John Skandalis

John Skandalis (born 16 June 1976 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s for the Wests Tigers of the NRL. He played previously for the Western Suburbs Magpies and Huddersfield Giants. Skandalis primarily played at prop forward.
Background.
Skandalis' mother died when he was in his teens, leaving his father to raise Skandalis and his sisters. He was "taken in" by Josie McGuinness, the mother of Kevin and Ken McGuinness, who, he says, "treated him like son."
Playing career.
Skandalis was the last original Western Suburbs player remaining at the Wests Tigers club after the merger in 2000. He signed on for the Magpies in the early 1990s after playing out his junior years with the Minto Cobras, and attending Sarah Redfern High School. His first grade debut came in round 9 of the 1996 season against the Penrith Panthers on 17 May. He scored the first try for the Wests Tigers in 2000.
Skandalis was known for his workhorse attitude and his never say die approach to rugby league and as the years progressed his performances gradually caught the attention of representative selectors. This was seen in both the 2002 and 2004 seasons where Skandalis was dually awarded with his first representative call up for City team in the annual City v. Country fixture. Skandalis was named the Wests Tigers' player of the year in 2002.
Skandalis was a member of the Wests Tigers team which won the 2005 NRL Grand Final against the Cowboys. He was named in the "Big League" team of the year for the 2005 NRL season.
As NRL Premiers Wests faced Super League champions Bradford Bulls in the 2006 World Club Challenge. Skandalis played as a prop forward in the Tigers' 30-10 loss.
Skandalis held the record for the most first grade games for the Wests Tigers with 185 appearances. In 2012 the record was surpassed by Chris Heighington, though Skandalis had previously played 64 games for Wests Magpies before the club merged.
On 14 June 2006, Skandalis signed a two-year contract to play in Super League with the Huddersfield Giants, starting from the 2007 season. In 2008, Skandalis was made vice-captain of the squad, alongside Ryan Hudson. He led the team out against Wigan when regular captain Chris Thorman was injured.
Skandalis returned to Australia at the end of the 2008 season following a knee injury, picked up early in the season, which prevented him from participating further. Skandalis took up a post with Wests Tigers Youth Development.
In 2009, Skandalis was named in the Wests Magpies NSW Cup side, but was recalled to the Wests Tigers team from round 11, after injuries to other players. He remained in the first grade team for the rest of the season.
The Skandalis family home in Lightning Ridge burnt down when John was six, causing the family to move to Ashfield, and later Minto.
After the end of the 2009 season, Skandalis announced he would be retiring and taking up the position of strength and conditioning coach with the Wests Tigers NYC team. However, Skandalis returned to play for the Magpies in the middle of the 2010 season, and then, in July, made a shock comeback with the Tigers, coach Tim Sheens saying, "I can't get rid of the guy." Playing another 5 games, he fell just short of making his 250th NRL appearance. He is the oldest player to have played at the club, being 34 years and 73 days old in his last appearance for the club.
The inaugural "Philips Sports Dad of the Year" was awarded to Skandalis in late 2009, narrowly defeating Brett Kimmorley. He donated the money to the Starlight Children's Foundation.
Skandalis has been made a life member of the Western Suburbs club.
Skandalis' Greek heritage made him eligible to represent Greece, which he did as captain. He played for Greece in the 2009 Australian Mediterranean Shield. Greece won the final 34-14 against Italy.
Post-playing career.
Having spent 2 years with the Wests Tigers' NYC team, in 2012 Skandalis became the clubs head conditioner.
Skandalis has been involved in the "Macquarie Fields Finding Jobs, Changing Lives" program, helping troubled youth from the Macquarie Fields area.

</doc>
<doc id="2860215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860215" title="Vancouver City Hall">
Vancouver City Hall

Vancouver City Hall is home to Vancouver City Council in Vancouver, British Columbia. Located at 453 West 12th Avenue, the building was ordered by the Vancouver Civic Building Committee, designed by architect Fred Townley and Matheson, and built by Carter, Halls, Aldinger and Company. The building has a twelve storey tower (the point being 323 feet/98 metres above sea level) with a clock on the top.
The building is served by the Broadway–City Hall Station on SkyTrain's Canada Line.
History.
Between 1897 and 1929, the Vancouver City Hall was located on Main Street, just south of the Carnegie Library; that building had previously served as a public market and an auditorium. In 1929, City Hall moved into the Holden Building (built 1911), while the Main Street building became an extension of the Carnegie Library.
After being elected mayor in 1934, Gerry McGeer appointed a three-man committee to select the location for a new city hall; choices included the former Central School site at Victory Square, and Strathcona Park at the corner of Cambie Street and West 12th Avenue (no relation to the current park in the Strathcona neighbourhood). The panel recommended the Strathcona Park site, and City Council approved the selection in 1935, making Vancouver the first major Canadian city to locate its city hall outside its downtown.
Construction of the new City Hall began in 1936 (Vancouver's Golden Jubilee) on January 3, and the first cornerstone was laid by McGeer on July 2. An eight-foot statue of Capt. George Vancouver, carved by Charles Marega, was placed at the front of the building. It was unveiled on August 20 by the visiting Lord Mayor of London, Sir Percy Vincent. Sir Percy also presented several gifts to the city, including a civic mace, and a sprig "...from a tree in the orchard where a falling apple gave Isaac Newton the idea that led to his theory of gravity." The mace and the statue still reside at city hall. 
The building was started and opened all in the same year. Construction cost $1 million, and was completed on December 1, bringing an end to the 330-day construction. Each lock plate on the outer doors displays the Vancouver Coat of Arms, and each door knob bears the monogram of the building. The ceiling on the second floor of the rotunda was made of gold leaf from several BC mines.
After winning the civic election on December 9, 1936, George Clark Miller became the first mayor of Vancouver to occupy the brand-new city hall on January 2, 1937.
A four storey east wing was added in 1968 (completed in 1970) and a coat of arms added in 1969. The building was declared a Schedule A heritage building (i.e. of primary significance) in March 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="2860246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860246" title="BMW xDrive">
BMW xDrive

BMW xDrive is the marketing name for the four-wheel drive system found on the BMW X1, X3, X5, and X6 crossover sport activity vehicles. It is also optional on the 1 Series (2012–present) 3 Series (2000–present), 4 Series (2014), 5 Series (2005–present), 6 Series (2012–present), and 7 Series (2010–present).
Description.
Instead of a permanent torque split (which the earlier systems feature), xDrive provides variable torque split between the front and rear axles through the use of a multi-plate wet clutch located in the gearbox on the output to the front drive shaft. This setup allows xDrive to modulate the torque split between the front and the rear axles, which is normally split at 40:60 ratio. If wheel slip is detected by the ABS/DSC system, xDrive can react within a tenth of a second to redistribute up to 100% of the engine power to the front or rear axle. The wet clutch is applied through a high speed electric servo motor turning a cam shaped actuator disc.
xDrive is connected to the ABS and DSC systems. In the case that wheelspin or directional instability still occurs while xDrive is or has been modulating the torque split, DSC will brake independent wheels to regain traction and improve directional stability without driver intervention.
The front and rear differentials in xDrive vehicles are an open differential design, thus relying on brake application by the DSC system to transfer power from the slipping wheel to the wheel with traction.
Applications.
xDrive can be had on the X1, X3 and is standard equipment on X5, and X6 crossover sport activity vehicles. It is also optional on the 3 Series (2003–present for sedans, 2007-2013 for coupes), 4 Series (2014), 5 Series (2005-present), 6 Series (2012–present for coupe and Gran Coupe), and 7 Series (2010–present).
BMW gradually expanded the availability of xDrive across its whole lineup to better compete with Audi's quattro and Mercedes-Benz's 4Matic, the latter two which are widely available across their respective offerings. As of the 2010-12 model years, BMW Canada has even stopped offering RWD trims if an xDrive counterpart is available for its 5 Series, 6 Series, and 7 Series cars, a major reversal from the 2009 model year and prior where only the BMW 528i and 535i were available with xDrive. BMW Canada's switch has surprised some observers, as AWD was "once the sole purview of Audi with a few odd-duck Mercedes mixed in, the switch to AWD is so strong that many luxury models are now predominantly AWD, though the 650 is the first high-end sport coupe defection among BMWs. Even more surprising is that the Coupe will only be available in AWD guise; if you want a 650 that powers only the rear wheels, you’ll have to opt for the ragtop version."
xDrive was introduced in 2003 with the new X3 and the refreshed BMW 3 Series (E46).
The first application of xDrive on V8-powered BMW cars (as opposed to crossover sport activity vehicles) was on the 2010 BMW 750i xDrive (F01), 2010 550i Gran Turismo xDrive (F07), and the 2011 BMW 550i xDrive (F10).
xDrive was first used on BMW M vehicles starting with the 2010 BMW X5 M and X6 M. BMW also confirmed that they are looking into producing a BMW M5 with xDrive, although an availability date has not been confirmed.
Dynamic Performance Control.
BMW's Dynamic Performance Control torque-vectoring system works in unison with xDrive all-wheel drive and Dynamic Stability Control. DPC is a drivetrain and chassis control system that works to regulate traction and especially correct over- and understeer by actively spreading out drive forces across the rear axle. Torque is split not only between the front and rear wheels (xDrive) but also from side to side at the rear for improved agility and added stability (through the DPC rear axle). DPC works at all speeds and normal driving, not just during hard cornering, in order to steer the car. DPC also interfaces with DSC to initially try to correct the vehicle's path using torque vectoring which results in smooth turns, whereas DSC by itself would only reduce engine power and apply the brakes to steer the vehicle.
[http://www.automobilemag.com/reviews/driven/0807_2009_infiniti_fx50_2009_bmw_x6_xdrive50i/viewall.html]
The DPC differential features clutch packs on both output sides that are actuated by an electric motor. The clutch pack activates a planetary gearset which causes one wheel to be overdriven. A conventional control system will use the brakes to reduce the speed of the faster-moving wheel (which is the one with less traction) and reduce engine power. This leads to increased brake wear and slower than optimal progress. In contrast, the DPC system speeds up the slower moving wheel (the one with the most traction) in order to maintain stability when needed. For example, while turning, the outer wheel is overdriven to provide greater acceleration, using the traction advantage through the dynamic loading of the outboard wheel in cornering. Meanwhile, in an oversteer situation, the inner wheel is overdriven to regain traction balance.
The first application of DPC was introduced on the BMW X6, which began production in 2008 as a 2009 model, where it is a standard equipment. A test found that "the X6 feels hundreds of pounds lighter on its feet than an X5 DPC" due to the benefit of DPC even though both vehicles have similar chassis dimensions. 
The BMW X5 M high performance variant also has standard DPC.[http://www.bmw.com/com/en/newvehicles/mseries/x5m/2012/showroom/driving_dynamics/dynamic_performance_control.html
Predecessor 4WD system.
Before xDrive, BMW offered 4WD as an option in the 1980s for the 3 series and the 5 series. The system had a planetary center differential with a permanent 38-62 (front-back) torque split. Both the center and rear differential had a viscous lock which would engage automatically if slippage occurred (one shaft rotated at a significantly different speed compared to the other). The front differential had no lock of any kind.
4WD was again offered for the X5 and the 2001 3 series. The system was similar to the earlier system except without any of the locks. Instead, slipping wheels would be braked with the DSC system, helping transfer power to the wheels with traction.

</doc>
<doc id="2860251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860251" title="Richard Milton Martin">
Richard Milton Martin

Richard Milton Martin (1916, Cleveland, Ohio – 22 November 1985, Milton, Massachusetts) was an American logician and analytic philosopher. In his Ph.D. thesis written under Frederic Fitch, Martin discovered virtual sets a bit before Quine, and was possibly the first non-Pole other than Joseph Henry Woodger to employ a mereological system. Building on these and other devices, Martin forged a first-order theory capable of expressing its own syntax as well as some semantics and pragmatics (via an event logic), all while abstaining from set and model theory (consistent with his nominalist principles), and from intensional notions such as modality.
Career.
Martin was educated as follows:
Martin studied under Alfred North Whitehead, then in his last year at Harvard, and may have studied under Ernest Nagel at Columbia.
During WWII, Martin taught mathematics at Princeton University, then at the University of Chicago. After the war, he taught philosophy at Bryn Mawr College 1946–48, the University of Pennsylvania (Penn) 1948–59, the University of Texas 1959–63, New York University 1963–73, Northwestern 1973–76 (full-time) and 1976–85 (one course per year). Martin also held visiting appointments at Bonn, Yale, Hamburg, the New School, and Temple.
In 1976, Martin largely retired from teaching, becoming a research associate with Boston University’s Center for the History and Philosophy of Science. He made excellent use of the resulting leisure, so that his final decade of life was by far his most productive, publishing over 100 book chapters and journal articles. In 1979, he published the definitive treatment of his logic / first-order theory, Part A of "Semiotics", and edited a volume of Carolyn Eisele’s writings on Charles Sanders Peirce. He helped edit the Festschrift books for Fitch and J. N. Findlay, respectively, published in 1975 and 1985.
At the time of his death, Martin served on the editorial board of eight journals and on the advisory board of the Peirce Edition Project. In 1981, he became president of the Charles S. Peirce Society. In 1984, he was elected president of the Metaphysical Society of America.
Despite having held tenure track appointments from 1948 until his death, the only Ph.D. thesis known to have been completed under Martin’s supervision is that of James Scoggin. Otherwise, Martin’s legacy is coextensive with his published writings.
Ideas.
"…one of the most many-sided, prolific, and scholarly of analytic philosophers."
Martin was part of the first wave of American analytic philosophers; arguably, only Quine (1908–2000), Fitch (1909–1987), and Henry Leonard (1905–67) preceded him. His chronological elders Nelson Goodman (1906–1998) and Wilfrid Sellars (1912–89) were arguably his contemporaries, as they all began their careers in earnest at about the same time, namely right after WWII. Martin's formal treatment of syntax followed Alfred Tarski; of semantics, Rudolf Carnap. Martin was generally well-disposed towards Carnap's work, contributed a long paper to the Schilpp volume on Carnap, and was seen as a disciple. Paradoxically, Martin was a positivist and radical nominalist who also sympathized with process theology and orthodox Christianity.
Between 1943 and 1992, Martin published 16 books and about 240 papers (of which 179 were included in his books) on an extraordinary range of subjects, including aesthetics, logic, the foundation of mathematics, metaphysics, syntax/semantics/pragmatics, the philosophy of science, phenomenology, process philosophy, theology, Frege, and Charles Sanders Peirce. Martin preached and practiced that philosophy should be done formally, by employing first-order logic, the theory of virtual sets and relations, and a multiplicity of predicates, all culminating in an event logic. Starting with the papers reprinted in his 1969 "Belief", Martin argued that the Frege's "Art des Gegebensein" was crucial to his thinking. Just what this "Art" entailed remains to be elucidated.
Martin was especially fond of applying his first-order theory to the analysis of ordinary language, a method he termed "logico-linguistics". He often referenced the work of the linguists Zellig Harris (admiringly) and Henry Hiz (more critically); Martin, Harris, and Hiz all taught at Penn in the 1950s. Yet Martin was dismissive of the related theoretical work by Noam Chomsky and his MIT colleagues and students. Ironically, Martin appears to have been Chomsky's main teacher of logic; while a student at Penn, Chomsky took every course Martin taught.
Quine's "Word and Object" cites Martin with approval, but Martin's wider impact has not been commensurate with the breadth and depth of his writings; the secondary literature on Martin consists of little more than reviews of his books. This silence, as puzzling as it is broad-based, begs elucidation.
Quotations.
“Over the portals of the entrance to contemporary philosophy is writ: Enter here fully equipped with the tools of the new logic.” "Intension", p. 153.
“God made first-order logic and all the rest is the handiwork of man.” "Semiotics", p. xv.
Bibliography.
The first four titles below and Part A of "Semiotics" are monographs. The other titles are fairly loose collections of papers, most first published in journals.

</doc>
<doc id="2860263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860263" title="Allegany High School">
Allegany High School

Allegany High School is a public high school in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. Allegany High School was built as Allegany County High School in 1887, hence it is often referred to as 'Alco'.
As of 2005, the school had 825 students and 49 teachers. Students were 93% white, 5% African-American and 2% Asian. Nineteen percent were eligible for reduced lunch, less than the state average of 27%.
History.
Allegany High School was initially a secondary education school held in the Maryland Avenue Schoolhouse. The school had many different locations including the building on Greene Street, which was used as a combined middle/high school until the spring of 1926. At that time, the building now known as Allegany High School had been completed and was prepared to accept Greene Street’s high school students. Middle school students remained on Greene Street until the school later burned down in 1932. “Camp Hill,” the site of the present day Allegany, was a federal army camp during the Civil War.
The “Camper” mascot is a source of much confusion. The most widely accepted theory is that Civil War General Lew Wallace and his men began calling the site "Campobello" that during their time here. The word Campobello is derived from Latin, meaning "camp of war".
Athletics.
The football team plays their games at the Greenway Avenue Stadium, shared with Fort Hill High School. Allegany High Schools last football state championship, its 8th in all, was in 2005 when they went 14–0 and beat Snow Hill High School in the 1-A Maryland state championship. 
Allegany plays Fort Hill every year in the annual Homecoming game, which is the last regular season game for both teams. In 2007, NFL Films came to Cumberland and filmed the entire week of Homecoming as well as the game itself.
Extracurricular activities.
The 'Alco White' Mock trial team is one of the many organizations in the school. In the 2005–2006 season, the team won the circuit and the regional championships, advancing to the Maryland state Mock Trial Final Four competition in April 2006. The 2006–2007 team lost in the finals to Severn School. The 2007–08 team advanced to the semi-finals, but were defeated by Severna Park. The 2008-2009 team won the Maryland State Mock Trial Championship.
The marching band placed ninth at Tournament of Bands Atlantic Coast Championship in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania in November 2006. In November 2007, the Allegany High School Marching Band placed 8th at the Atlantic Coast Championships. At the National Championships, the band placed 11th out of 18. In November 2009, the marching band placed 2nd at the ACC's championships, and in November 2010, the Allegany Band placed 3rd at the Atlantic Coast Championships.
In addition to the band programs the school sponsors indoor color guard and indoor percussion groups. The Allegany Visual Ensemble was the 2011 Winter Guard International Pittsburgh Regional Scholastic Regional A Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="2860274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860274" title="Đặng Thị Minh Hạnh">
Đặng Thị Minh Hạnh

Đặng Thị Minh Hạnh (Pleiku, 1961) is a fashion designer from Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. A director of the Vietnam Fashion Design Institute (FADIN) in Ho Chi Minh City, she is leading figure in Vietnam's new fashion industry. She specialises in hybridising traditional designs with modern clothing. Her work has been shown abroad, and at a Tokyo fashion fair in 1997, she became the first Vietnamese designer to be awarded an international prize.

</doc>
<doc id="2860277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860277" title="Samish Island, Washington">
Samish Island, Washington

Samish Island is an unincorporated community in Skagit County, Washington, United States. It lies on an island with the same name, which is located off the northwest coast of the Washington mainland. It is connected to the mainland by a system of dikes created in the early 20th century.
Samish Island was part of the ancestral homelands of, and was named after, the Samish Indians, a Coast Salish tribe of the Pacific Northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="2860279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860279" title="Centaline Property Agency">
Centaline Property Agency

Centaline Property Agency Limited is one of the largest property agencies in Hong Kong. It was established in 1978 by Shih Wing-ching. Centaline Holdings is also the major shareholder of another property agency in Hong Kong, Ricacorp Properties Limited

</doc>
<doc id="2860290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860290" title="Aburatsubo">
Aburatsubo

History.
During historic times, the Aburatsubo inlet was selected by the feudal Miura family to build a series of fortifications, with Arai castle at its center. During the Sengoku period, the castle fell after a 3 year siege to the rival Late Hōjō clan, in the year 1516. The Hōjō later managed to unify most of the Kantō.
According to some stories, the name Aburatsubo ("Oil Vase"), comes from the time when hundreds of samurai, fleeing the troops of Hōjō, drowned in the waters of the inlet and left it a sea of blood.
Aburatsubo today.
Aburatsubo is a "hurricane hole" where fishing boats from the area take refuge when a typhoon arrives. The calm, protected waters of the inlet suggest they are the actual reason behind the name "Aburatsubo"

</doc>
<doc id="2860295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860295" title="Viktor Kožený">
Viktor Kožený

Viktor Kožený (born June 28, 1963 in Prague) is a Czech-born fugitive financier. He graduated from Harvard in 1989 with a bachelor's degree in economics. Viktor Kožený is officially an Irish citizen imprisoned in the Bahamas in 2005 but released in 2007. He currently lives in a gated community in the Bahamas. Efforts to bring him to justice stem from both the Czech Republic and the USA. An international warrant has been issued for Kožený, who in the early '90s ran one of the great scams of the post-Communist era. By the media he is often called "the pirate of Prague".
He was imprisoned after a US extradition request but that was thrown out on appeal in October 2007. However the US said they will press the case (there are further two appeals available).
In February 2008 a court case against him and his partner Boris Vostrý has started at Prague Municipal Court. The judge said he expects the trial to last about six months. Kožený has remained in the Bahamas and has not been attending the trial. He asked the prosecution to publish the charges on the Internet, which the state prosecutor has refused to do.
Czech voucher privatization.
During the voucher privatization Czech state assets were supposed to be handed over to Czech citizens through a system of vouchers, which could then be used to buy shares in companies. However mutual funds were founded, most successfully the one started by Kožený, Harvard Capital and Consulting (which has no affiliation with Harvard University).
Soon thousands of Czechs were signing over their voucher books to "Harvard", who promised a 1000% rate of return on investment. Harvard Funds bought shares in a number of companies, stripped assets and transferred the money abroad to offshore tax havens like the Bahamas. This scam turned out to be a huge success for Kožený and those working with him, who allegedly stole millions of dollars from investors in his funds.
Azerbaijan scam.
In 1994, Kožený wanted to conduct a similar transaction in Azerbaijan. The country was considering privatizing its state run oil company, and Kožený offered his services. US investors handed their money to him, over $400 million in total from clients such as AIG and Columbia University. The Azerbaijan government changed its mind on privatization, but Kožený did not return the money and instead ran to tax haven Bahamas. Viktor Kožený in an exclusive interview with Mirza Khazar of the RFE/RL Azerbaijani Service on July 17, 2001 urged Azerbaijani President Heidar Aliev to fulfill his promises made in 1997–1998 concerning the privatization program in his country. According to Kožený, President Aliev and his son, Ilham, personally met with him and other members of Kožený's investors group in Baku and encouraged them to buy vouchers from citizens. Shortly after the first part of the interview with Viktor Kožený was aired, the newspaper "Alternativ," with close ties to the Azerbaijan President's Office, reacted promptly, claiming that President Aliev or his son Ilham never met with Kožený. The paper admitted Kožený may have been tricked by some officials, but rejected his claim that President Aliev made any commitments to his group. Kožený faces a serious legal action by famed Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau, who has filed an indictment in New York for his bribery of Azeri officials.
His trial for the scam began on June 1, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2860307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860307" title="Legend Airlines">
Legend Airlines

Legend Airlines was an airline that had its headquarters on the grounds of Dallas Love Field. Legend flew primarily from Love Field, Dallas, Texas, USA for a matter of months, during 2000. The airline filed for bankruptcy five years after it was formed as a corporate entity, its initial flights having been substantially delayed by court battles with American Airlines and the City of Fort Worth.
History.
Legend Airlines was the brainchild of T. Allan McArtor, former FAA Administrator, Federal Express executive and Air Force pilot. Mr. McArtor was also a member of the United States Air Force precision flying team, the Thunderbirds.
The airline was envisioned to provide a new category of service to its passengers, where the entire aircraft was an improved form of business class. Seats were wider, and the removal of several rows of seats from its DC-9 jets added legroom. In addition, several Dallas-area chefs were commissioned to create meals for the airline. Meals were served on real china, with silverware, rather than plastic trays and utensils. The emphasis was on providing a class trip to business destinations.
Legend Airlines began service to four cities in the spring of 2000. Dallas (Love Field) was their hub city. Additional service was first offered to Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, and Las Vegas. New York City was added to the service schedule at a later date. Locations were chosen on the basis of business travellers' needs to fly into the central airport of the city rather than to outlying airports.
The airline provided service which bypassed the restrictions imposed by the Wright Amendment, which limits long-range passenger service into Love Field. Since the airline flew 56-seat planes, below the Wright Amendment limit that restricted passenger travel through Love, they could fly to airports outside the amendment's defined range. The airline flew 56-seat aircraft out of Love to Los Angeles International Airport and Dulles International Airport in Washington, among others. American, in turn, re-configured a number of its Fokker F100 jets to 56 seats so that it could compete.
Legend Airlines spent most of its existence locked in a legal battle with American Airlines. American Airlines sued in federal court to prevent Legend Airlines from operating out of Love Field under the provisions of the Wright Amendment. Each time Legend's right to fly was upheld by a court, American immediately appealed the decision to a higher court. The constant legal struggle was a serious drain on the fledgling company's financial resources, and would be a major factor in the airline's eventual failure.
Legend Airlines filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2000, and suspended flight operations on December 3, 2000. The airline surrendered its operating certificate to the FAA in March 2005. The airline lost over $44 million in its four year existence.
In 2006, the former Legend Airlines terminal again became the focus of legal controversy, when the City of Dallas began to make moves to use eminent domain to seize and then raze the structure in order to comply with provisions of the Wright Repeal law signed by President George Bush.
In-flight services.
The airline offered meals which it described as "celebrity-chef crafted", AT&T Airfones and DirecTV service.
Executive terminal.
Legend operated an executive terminal at 7777 Lemmon Avenue and Lovers Lane.
Fleet.
Legend flew McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 aircraft with 56 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="2860310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860310" title="Kožený (surname)">
Kožený (surname)

Kozeny is a Czech family name, and it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2860325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860325" title="Man of the Century">
Man of the Century

Man of the Century is a 1999 comedy film directed by Adam Abraham and written by Abraham and Gibson Frazier. The film stars Frazier, Cara Buono, Susan Egan, Dwight Ewell and Anthony Rapp. It is a farce about the attitudes, values, and slang displayed in the popular culture of the 1920s (and, to some extent, the early 1930s). "Man of the Century" was filmed in black and white. Its working title was "Johnny Twennies".
Characters.
The main characters include:

</doc>
<doc id="2860340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860340" title="Electrodynamic tether">
Electrodynamic tether

Electrodynamic tethers (EDTs) are long conducting wires, such as one deployed from a tether satellite, which can operate on electromagnetic principles as generators, by converting their kinetic energy to electrical energy, or as motors, converting electrical energy to kinetic energy. Electric potential is generated across a conductive tether by its motion through a planet's magnetic field.
Tether propulsion.
As part of a "tether propulsion" system, crafts can use long, strong conductors (though not all tethers are conductive) to change the orbits of spacecraft. It has the potential to make space travel significantly cheaper. It is a simplified, very low-budget magnetic sail. It can be used either to accelerate or brake an orbiting spacecraft. When direct current is pumped through the tether, it exerts a Lorentz force against the magnetic field, and the tether accelerates the spacecraft.
In 2012, the company Star Technology and Research was awarded a $1.9 million contract to qualify a tether propulsion system for orbital debris removal.
Uses for ED tethers.
Over the years, numerous applications for electrodynamic tethers have been identified for potential use in industry, government, and scientific exploration. The table below is a summary of some of the potential applications proposed thus far. Some of these applications are general concepts, while others are well-defined systems. Many of these concepts overlap into other areas; however, they are simply placed under the most appropriate heading for the purposes of this table. All of the applications mentioned in the table are elaborated upon in the Tethers Handbook. Three fundamental concepts that tethers possess, that will be discussed within this thesis are gravity gradients, momentum exchange, and electrodynamics. Potential tether applications can be seen below:
Electrodynamic tether fundamentals.
The choice of the metal conductor to be used in an electrodynamic tether is determined by a variety of factors. Primary factors usually include high electrical conductivity, and low density. Secondary factors, depending on the application, include cost, strength, and melting point.
A motional electromotive force (EMF) is generated across a tether element as it moves relative to a magnetic field. The force is given by Faraday's Law of Induction:
Without loss of generality, it is assumed the tether system is in Earth orbit and it moves relative to Earth's magnetic field. Similarly, if current flows in the tether element, a force can be generated in accordance with the Lorentz force equation
In self-powered mode (deorbit mode), this EMF can be used by the tether system to drive the current through the tether and other electrical loads (e.g. resistors, batteries), emit electrons at the emitting end, or collect electrons at the opposite. In boost mode, on-board power supplies must overcome this motional EMF to drive current in the opposite direction, thus creating a force in the opposite direction, as seen in below figure, and boosting the system.
Take, for example, the NASA Propulsive Small Expendable Deployer System (ProSEDS) mission as seen in above figure. At 300 km altitude, the Earth's magnetic field, in the north-south direction, is approximately 0.18–0.32 gauss up to ~40º inclination, and the orbital velocity with respect to the local plasma is about 7500 m/s. This results in a Vemf range of 35–250 V/km along the 5 km length of tether. This EMF dictates the potential difference across the bare tether which controls where electrons are collected and / or repelled. Here, the ProSEDS de-boost tether system is configured to enable electron collection to the positively biased higher altitude section of the bare tether, and returned to the ionosphere at the lower altitude end. This flow of electrons through the length of the tether in the presence of the Earth's magnetic field creates a force that produces a drag thrust that helps de-orbit the system, as given by the above equation.
The boost mode is similar to the de-orbit mode, except for the fact that a High Voltage Power Supply (HVPS) is also inserted in series with the tether system between the tether and the higher positive potential end. The power supply voltage must be greater than the EMF and the polar opposite. This drives the current in the opposite direction, which in turn causes the higher altitude end to be negatively charged, while the lower altitude end is positively charged(Assuming a standard east to west orbit around Earth).
To further emphasize the de-boosting phenomenon, a schematic sketch of a bare tether system with no insulation (all bare) can be seen in below figure.
The top of the diagram, point "A", represents the electron collection end. The bottom of the tether, point "C", is the electron emission end. Similarly, formula_3 and formula_4 represent the potential difference from their respective tether ends to the plasma, and formula_5 is the potential anywhere along the tether with respect to the plasma. Finally, point "B" is the point at which the potential of the tether is equal to the plasma. The location of point "B" will vary depending on the equilibrium state of the tether, which is determined by the solution of Kirchhoff's voltage law (KVL)
and Kirchhoff's current law (KCL)
along the tether. Here formula_8, formula_9, and formula_10 describe the current gain from point "A" to "B", the current lost from point "B" to "C", and the current lost at point "C", respectively.
Since the current is continuously changing along the bare length of the tether, the potential loss due to the resistive nature of the wire is represented as formula_11. Along an infinitesimal section of tether, the resistance formula_12 multiplied by the current formula_13 traveling across that section is the resistive potential loss.
After evaluating KVL & KCL for the system, the results will yield a current and potential profile along the tether, as seen in above figure. This diagram shows that, from point "A" of the tether down to point "B", there is a positive potential bias, which increases the collected current. Below that point, the formula_5 becomes negative and the collection of ion current begins. Since it takes a much greater potential difference to collect an equivalent amount of ion current (for a given area), the total current in the tether is reduced by a smaller amount. Then, at point "C", the remaining current in the system is drawn through the resistive load (formula_15), and emitted from an electron emissive device (formula_16), and finally across the plasma sheath (formula_4). The KVL voltage loop is then closed in the ionosphere where the potential difference is effectively zero.
Due to the nature of the bare EDTs, it is often not optional to have the entire tether bare. In order to maximize the thrusting capability of the system a significant portion of the bare tether should be insulated. This insulation amount depends on a number of effects, some of which are plasma density, the tether length and width, the orbiting velocity, and the Earth's magnetic flux density.
Tethers as generators.
An electrodynamic tether is attached to an object, the tether being oriented at an angle to the local vertical between the object and a planet with a magnetic field. The tether's far end can be left bare, making electrical contact with the ionosphere. When the tether intersects the planet's magnetic field, it generates a current, and thereby converts some of the orbiting body's kinetic energy to electrical energy. Functionally, electrons flow from the space plasma into the conductive tether, are passed through a resistive load in a control unit and are emitted into the space plasma by an electron emitter as free electrons. As a result of this process, an electrodynamic force acts on the tether and attached object, slowing their orbital motion. In a loose sense, the process can be likened to a conventional windmill- the drag force of a resistive medium(air or, in this case, the magnetosphere) is used to convert the kinetic energy of relative motion(wind, or the satellite's momentum) into electricity. In principle, compact high-current tether power generators are possible and, with basic hardware, tens, hundreds, and thousands of kilowatts appears to be attainable.
Voltage and current.
NASA has conducted several experiments with Plasma Motor Generator (PMG) tethers in space. An early experiment used a 500 meter conducting tether. In 1996, NASA conducted an experiment with a 20,000-meter conducting tether. When the tether was fully deployed during this test, the orbiting tether generated a potential of 3,500 volts. This conducting single-line tether was severed after five hours of deployment. It is believed that the failure was caused by an electric arc generated by the conductive tether's movement through the Earth's magnetic field.
When a tether is moved at a velocity ("v") at right angles to the Earth's magnetic field (B), an electric field is observed in the tether's frame of reference. This can be stated as:
The direction of the electric field (E) is at right angles to both the tether's velocity ("v") and magnetic field (B). If the tether is a conductor, then the electric field leads to the displacement of charges along the tether. Note that the velocity used in this equation is the orbital velocity of the tether. The rate of rotation of the Earth, or of its core, is not relevant. In this regard, see also homopolar generator.
Voltage across conductor.
With a long conducting wire of length L, an electric field E is generated in the wire. It produces a voltage "V" between the opposite ends of the wire. This can be expressed as:
where the angle τ is between the length vector (L) of the tether and the electric field vector (E), assumed to be in the vertical direction at right angles to the velocity vector (v) in plane and the magnetic field vector (B) is out of the plane.
Current in conductor.
An electrodynamic tether can be described as a type of thermodynamically "open system". Electrodynamic tether circuits cannot be completed by simply using another wire, since another tether will develop a similar voltage. Fortunately, the Earth's magnetosphere is not "empty", and, in near-Earth regions (especially near the Earth's atmosphere) there exist highly electrically conductive plasmas which are kept partially ionized by solar radiation or other radiant energy. The electron and ion density varies according to various factors, such as the location, altitude, season, sunspot cycle, and contamination levels. It is known that a positively charged bare conductor can readily remove free electrons out of the plasma. Thus, to complete the electrical circuit, a sufficiently large area of uninsulated conductor is needed at the upper, positively charged end of the tether, thereby permitting current to flow through the tether.
However, it is more difficult for the opposite (negative) end of the tether to eject free electrons or to collect positive ions from the plasma. It is plausible that, by using a very large collection area at one end of the tether, enough ions can be collected to permit significant current through the plasma. This was demonstrated during the Shuttle orbiter's TSS-1R mission, when the shuttle itself was used as a large plasma contactor to provide over an ampere of current. Improved methods include creating an electron emitter, such as a thermionic cathode, plasma cathode, plasma contactor, or field electron emission device. Since both ends of the tether are "open" to the surrounding plasma, electrons can flow out of one end of the tether while a corresponding flow of electrons enters the other end. In this fashion, the voltage that is electromagnetically induced within the tether can cause current to flow through the surrounding space environment, completing an electrical circuit through what appears to be, at first glance, an open circuit.
Tether current.
The amount of current ("I") flowing through a tether depends on various factors. One of these is the circuit's total resistance ("R"). The circuit's resistance consist of three components:
In addition, a parasitic load is needed. The load on the current may take the form of a charging device which, in turn, charges reserve power sources such as batteries. The batteries in return will be used to control power and communication circuits, as well as drive the electron emitting devices at the negative end of the tether. As such the tether can be completely self-powered, besides the initial charge in the batteries to provide electrical power for the deployment and startup procedure.
The charging battery load can be viewed as a resistor which absorbs power, but stores this for later use (instead of immediately dissipating heat). It is included as part of the "control resistor". The charging battery load is not treated as a "base resistance" though, as the charging circuit can be turned off at anytime. When off, the operations can be continued without interruption using the power stored in the batteries.
Current collection / emission for an EDT system: theory and technology.
Understanding electron and ion current collection to and from the surrounding ambient plasma is critical for most EDT systems. Any exposed conducting section of the EDT system can passively ('passive' and 'active' emission refers to the use of pre-stored energy in order to achieve the desired effect) collect electron or ion current, depending on the electric potential of the spacecraft body with respect to the ambient plasma. In addition, the geometry of the conducting body plays an important role in the size of the sheath and thus the total collection capability. As a result, there are a number of theories for the varying collection techniques.
The primary passive processes that control the electron and ion collection on an EDT system are thermal current collection, ion ram collection affects, electron photoemission, and possibly secondary electron and ion emission. In addition, the collection along a thin bare tether is described using orbital motion limited (OML) theory as well as theoretical derivations from this model depending on the physical size with respect to the plasma Debye length. These processes take place all along the exposed conducting material of the entire system. Environmental and orbital parameters can significantly influence the amount collected current. Some important parameters include plasma density, electron and ion temperature, ion molecular weight, magnetic field strength and orbital velocity relative to the surrounding plasma.
Then there is active collection and emission techniques involved in an EDT system. This occurs through devices such as a hollow cathode plasma contactors, thermionic cathodes, and field emitter arrays. The physical design of each of these structures as well as the current emission capabilities are thoroughly discussed.
Bare conductive tethers.
The concept of current collection to a bare conducting tether was first formalized by Sanmartin and Martinez-Sanchez. They note that the most area efficient current collecting cylindrical surface is one that has an effective radius less than ~1 Debye length where current collection physics is known as orbital motion limited (OML) in a collisionless plasma. As the effective radius of the bare conductive tether increases past this point then there are predictable reductions in collection efficiency compared to OML theory. In addition to this theory (which has been derived for a non-flowing plasma), current collection in space occurs in a flowing plasma, which introduces another collection affect. These issues are explored in greater detail below.
Orbit motion limited (OML) theory.
The electron Debye length is defined as the characteristic shielding distance in a plasma, and is described by the equation
This distance, where all electric fields in the plasma resulting from the conductive body have fallen off by 1/e, can be calculated. OML theory is defined with the assumption that the electron Debye length is equal to or larger than the size of the object and the plasma is not flowing. The OML regime occurs when the sheath becomes sufficiently thick such that orbital effects become important in particle collection. This theory accounts for and conserves particle energy and angular momentum. As a result, not all particles that are incident onto the surface of the thick sheath are collected. The voltage of the collecting structure with respect to the ambient plasma, as well as the ambient plasma density and temperature, determines the size of the sheath. This accelerating (or decelerating) voltage combined with the energy and momentum of the incoming particles determines the amount of current collected across the plasma sheath.
The orbital-motion-limit regime is attained when the cylinder radius is small enough such that all incoming particle trajectories that are collected are terminated on the cylinder's surface are connected to the background plasma, regardless of their initial angular momentum (i.e., none are connected to another location on the probe's surface). Since, in a quasi-neutral collisionless plasma, the distribution function is conserved along particle orbits, having all “directions of arrival” populated corresponds to an upper limit on the collected current per unit area (not total current).
In an EDT system, the best performance for a given tether mass is for a tether diameter chosen to be smaller than an electron Debye length for typical ionospheric ambient conditions (Typical ionospheric conditions in the from 200 to 2000 km altitude range, have a T_e ranging from 0.1 eV to 0.35 eV, and n_e ranging from 10^10 m^-3 to 10^12 m^-3 ), so it is therefore within the OML regime. Tether geometries outside this dimension have been addressed. OML collection will be used as a baseline when comparing the current collection results for various sample tether geometries and sizes.
In 1962 Gerald H. Rosen derived the equation that is now known as the OML theory of dust charging. According to Robert Merlino of the University of Iowa, Rosen seems to have arrived at the equation 30 years before anyone else.
Deviations from OML theory in a non-flowing plasma.
For a variety of practical reasons, current collection to a bare EDT does not always satisfy the assumption of OML collection theory. Understanding how the predicted performance deviates from theory is important for these conditions. Two commonly proposed geometries for an EDT involve the use of a cylindrical wire and a flat tape. As long as the cylindrical tether is less than one Debye length in radius, it will collect according to the OML theory. However, once the width exceeds this distance, then the collection increasingly deviates from this theory. If the tether geometry is a flat tape, then an approximation can be used to convert the normalized tape width to an equivalent cylinder radius. This was first done by Sanmartin and Estes and more recently using the 2-Dimensional Kinetic Plasma Solver (KiPS 2-D) by Choiniere et al.
Flowing plasma effect.
There is at present, no closed-form solution to account for the effects of plasma flow relative to the bare tether. However, numerical simulation has been recently developed by Choiniere et al. using KiPS-2D which can simulate flowing cases for simple geometries at high bias potentials. This flowing plasma analysis as it applies to EDTs have been discussed. This phenomenon is presently being investigated through recent work, and is not fully understood.
Endbody collection.
This section discusses the plasma physics theory that explains passive current collection to a large conductive body which will be applied at the end of an ED tether. When the size of the sheath is much smaller than the radius of the collecting body then depending on the polarity of the difference between the potential of the tether and that of the ambient plasma, (V – Vp), it is assumed that all of the incoming electrons or ions that enter the plasma sheath are collected by the conductive body. This 'thin sheath' theory involving non-flowing plasmas is discussed, and then the modifications to this theory for flowing plasma is presented. Other current collection mechanisms will then be discussed. All of the theory presented is used towards developing a current collection model to account for all conditions encountered during an EDT mission.
Passive collection theory.
In a non-flowing quasi-neutral plasma with no magnetic field, it can be assumed that a spherical conducting object will collect equally in all directions. The electron and ion collection at the end-body is governed by the thermal collection process, which is given by Ithe and Ithi.
Flowing plasma electron collection mode.
The next step in developing a more realistic model for current collection is to include the magnetic field effects and plasma flow effects. Assuming a collisionless plasma, electrons and ions gyrate around magnetic field lines as they travel between the poles around the Earth due to magnetic mirroring forces and gradient-curvature drift. They gyrate at a particular radius and frequency dependence upon their mass, the magnetic field strength, and energy. These factors must be considered in current collection models.
Flowing plasma ion collection model.
When the conducting body is negatively biased with respect to the plasma and traveling above the ion thermal velocity, there are additional collection mechanisms at work. For typical Low Earth Orbits (LEOs), between 200 km and 2000 km, the velocities in an inertial reference frame range from 7.8 km/s to 6.9 km/s for a circular orbit and the atmospheric molecular weights range from 25.0 amu (O+, O2+, & NO+) to 1.2 amu (mostly H+), respectively. Assuming that the electron and ion temperatures range from ~0.1 eV to 0.35 eV, the resulting ion velocity ranges from 875 m/s to 4.0 km/s from 200 km to 2000 km altitude, respectively. The electrons are traveling at approximately 188 km/s throughout LEO. This means that the orbiting body is traveling faster than the ions and slower than the electrons, or at a mesosonic speed. This results in a unique phenomenon whereby the orbiting body 'rams' through the surrounding ions in the plasma creating a beam like effect in the reference frame of the orbiting body.
Porous endbodies.
Porous endbodies have been proposed as a way to reduce the drag of a collecting endbody while ideally maintaining a similar current collection. They are often modeled as solid endbodies, except they are a small percentage of the solid spheres surface area. This is, however, an extreme oversimplification of the concept. Much has to be learned about the interactions between the sheath structure, the geometry of the mesh, the size of the endbody, and its relation to current collection. This technology also has the potential to resolve a number of issues concerning EDTs. Diminishing returns with collection current and drag area have set a limit that porous tethers might be able to overcome. Work has been accomplished on current collection using porous spheres, by Stone "et al." and Khazanov et al.
It has been shown that the maximum current collected by a grid sphere compared to the mass and drag reduction can be estimated. The drag per unit of collected current for a grid sphere with a transparency of 80 to 90% is approximately 1.2 – 1.4 times smaller than that of a solid sphere of the same radius. The reduction in mass per unit volume, for this same comparison, is 2.4 – 2.8 times.
Other current collection methods.
In addition to the electron thermal collection, other processes that could influence the current collection in an EDT system are photoemission, secondary electron emission, and secondary ion emission. These effects pertain to all conducting surfaces on an EDT system, not just the end-body.
Space charge limits across plasma sheaths.
In any application where electrons are emitted across a vacuum gap, there is a maximum allowable current for a given bias due to the self repulsion of the electron beam. This classical 1-D space charge limit (SCL) is derived for charged particles of zero initial energy, and is termed the Child-Langmuir Law. This limit depends on the emission surface area, the potential difference across the plasma gap and the distance of that gap. Further discussion of this topic can be found.
Electron emitters.
There are three active electron emission technologies usually considered for EDT applications: hollow cathode plasma contactors (HCPCs), thermionic cathodes (TCs), and field emitter arrays (FEAs). System level configurations will be presented for each device, as well as the relative costs, benefits, and validation.
Thermionic cathode (TC).
Thermionic emission is the flow of electrons from a heated charged metal or metal oxide surface, caused by thermal vibrational energy overcoming the work function (electrostatic forces holding electrons to the surface). The thermionic emission current density, J, rises rapidly with increasing temperature, releasing a significant number of electrons into the vacuum near the surface. The quantitative relation is given in the equation
This equation is called the Richardson-Dushman or Richardson equation. (ф is approximately 4.54 eV and AR ~120 A/cm2 for tungsten).
Once the electrons are thermionically emitted from the TC surface they require an acceleration potential to cross a gap, or in this case, the plasma sheath. Electrons can attain this necessary energy to escape the SCL of the plasma sheath if an accelerated grid, or electron gun, is used. The equation
shows what potential is needed across the grid in order to emit a certain current entering the device.
Here, η is the electron gun assembly (EGA) efficiency (~0.97 in TSS-1), ρ is the perveance of the EGA (7.2 micropervs in TSS-1), ΔVtc is the voltage across the accelerating grid of the EGA, and "I""t" is the emitted current. The perveance defines the space charge limited current that can be emitted from a device. The figure below displays commercial examples of thermionic emitters and electron guns produced at Heatwave Labs Inc.
TC electron emission will occur in one of two different regimes: temperature or space charge limited current flow. For temperature limited flow every electron that obtains enough energy to escape from the cathode surface is emitted, assumimg the acceleration potential of the electron gun is large enough. In this case, the emission current is regulated by the thermionic emission process, given by the Richardson Dushman equation. In SCL electron current flow there are so many electrons emitted from the cathode that not all of them are accelerated enough by the electron gun to escape the space charge. In this case, the electron gun acceleration potential limits the emission current. The below chart displays the temperature limiting currents and SCL effects. As the beam energy of the electrons is increased, the total escaping electrons can be seen to increase. The curves that become horizontal are temperature limited cases.
Electron field emitter arrays (FEAs).
In field emission, electrons tunnel through a potential barrier, rather than escaping over it as in thermionic emission or photoemission. For a metal at low temperature, the process can be understood in terms of the figure below. The metal can be considered a potential box, filled with electrons to the Fermi level (which lies below the vacuum level by several electron volts). The vacuum level represents the potential energy of an electron at rest outside the metal in the absence of an external field. In the presence of a strong electric field, the potential outside the metal will be deformed along the line AB, so that a triangular barrier is formed, through which electrons can tunnel. Electrons are extracted from the conduction band with a current density given by the Fowler−Nordheim equation
AFN and BFN are the constants determined by measurements of the FEA with units of A/V2 and V/m, respectively. EFN is the electric field that exists between the electron emissive tip and the positively biased structure drawing the electrons out. Typical constants for Spindt type cathodes include: AFN = 3.14 x 10-8 A/V2 and BFN = 771 V/m. (Stanford Research Institute data sheet). An accelerating structure is typically placed in close proximity with the emitting material as in the below figure. Close (micrometer scale) proximity between the emitter and gate, combined with natural or artificial focusing structures, efficiently provide the high field strengths required for emission with relatively low applied voltage and power. The following figure below displays close up visual images of a Spindt emitter.
A variety of materials have been developed for field emitter arrays, ranging from silicon to semiconductor fabricated molybdenum tips with integrated gates to a plate of randomly distributed carbon nanotubes with a separate gate structure suspended above. The advantages of field emission technologies over alternative electron emission methods are:
One major issue to consider for field emitters is the effect of contamination. In order to achieve electron emission at low voltages, field emitter array tips are built on a micrometer-level scale sizes. Their performance depends on the precise construction of these small structures. They are also dependent on being constructed with a material possessing a low work-function. These factors can render the device extremely sensitive to contamination, especially from hydrocarbons and other large, easily polymerized molecules. Techniques for avoiding, eliminating, or operating in the presence of contaminations in ground testing and ionospheric (e.g. spacecraft outgassing) environments are critical. Research at the University of Michigan and elsewhere has focused on this outgassing issue. Protective enclosures, electron cleaning, robust coatings, and other design features are being developed as potential solutions. FEAs used for space applications still require the demonstration of long term stability, repeatability, and reliability of operation at gate potentials appropriate to the space applications.
Hollow cathode.
Hollow cathodes emit a dense cloud of plasma by first ionizing a gas. This creates a high density plasma plume which makes contact with the surrounding plasma. The region between the high density plume and the surrounding plasma is termed a double sheath or double layer. This double layer is essentially two adjacent layers of charge. The first layer is a positive layer at the edge of the high potential plasma (the contactor plasma cloud). The second layer is a negative layer at the edge of the low potential plasma (the ambient plasma). Further investigation of the double layer phenomenon has been conducted by several people. One type of hollow cathode consists of a metal tube lined with a sintered barium oxide impregnated tungsten insert, capped at one end by a plate with a small orifice, as shown in the below figure. Electrons are emitted from the barium oxide impregnated insert by thermionic emission. A noble gas flows into the insert region of the HC and is partially ionized by the emitted electrons that are accelerated by an electric field near the orifice (Xenon is a common gas used for HCs as it has a low specific ionization energy (ionization potential per unit mass). For EDT purposes, a lower mass would be more beneficial because the total system mass would be less. This gas is just used for charge exchange and not propulsion.). Many of the ionized xenon atoms are accelerated into the walls where their energy maintains the thermionic emission temperature. The ionized xenon also exits out of the orifice. Electrons are accelerated from the insert region, through the orifice to the keeper, which is always at a more positive bias.
In electron emission mode, the ambient plasma is positively biased with respect to the keeper. In the contactor plasma, the electron density is approximately equal to the ion density. The higher energy electrons stream through the slowly expanding ion cloud, while the lower energy electrons are trapped within the cloud by the keeper potential. The high electron velocities lead to electron currents much greater than xenon ion currents. Below the electron emission saturation limit the contactor acts as a bipolar emissive probe. Each outgoing ion generated by an electron allows a number of electrons to be emitted. This number is approximately equal to the square root of the ratio of the ion mass to the electron mass.
It can be seen in the below chart what a typical I-V curve looks like for a hollow cathode in electron emission mode. Given a certain keeper geometry (the ring in the figure above that the electrons exit through), ion flow rate, and Vp, the I-V profile can be determined. [111-113].
The operation of the HC in the electron collection mode is called the plasma contacting (or ignited) operating mode. The “ignited mode” is so termed because it indicates that multi-ampere current levels can be achieved by using the voltage drop at the plasma contactor. This accelerates space plasma electrons which ionize neutral expellant flow from the contactor. If electron collection currents are high and/or ambient electron densities are low, the sheath at which electron current collection is sustained simply expands or shrinks until the required current is collected.
In addition, the geometry affects the emission of the plasma from the HC as seen in the below figure. Here it can be seen that, depending on the diameter and thickness of the keeper and the distance of it with respect to the orifice, the total emission percentage can be affected.
Plasma collection and emission summary.
All of the electron emission and collection techniques can be summarized in the table following. For each method there is a description as to whether the electrons or ions in the system increased or decreased based on the potential of the spacecraft with respect to the plasma. Electrons (e-) and ions (ions+) indicates that the number of electrons or ions are being increased (↑) or reduced (↓). Also, for each method some special conditions apply (see the respective sections in this article for further clarification of when and where it applies).
For use in EDT system modeling, each of the passive electron collection and emission theory models has been verified by reproducing previously published equations and results. These plots include: orbital motion limited theory, Ram collection, and thermal collection, photoemission, secondary electron emission, and secondary ion emission.
Electrodynamic tether system fundamentals.
In order to integrate all the most recent electron emitters, collectors, and theory into a single model, the EDT system must first be defined and derived. Once this is accomplished it will be possible to apply this theory toward determining optimizations of system attributes.
There are a number of derivations that solve for the potentials and currents involved in an EDT system numerically. The derivation and numerical methodology of a full EDT system that includes a bare tether section, insulating conducting tether, electron (and ion) endbody emitters, and passive electron collection is described. This is followed by the simplified, all insulated tether model. Special EDT phenomena and verification of the EDT system model using experimental mission data will then be discussed.
Bare tether system derivation.
An important note concerning an EDT derivation pertains to the celestial body which the tether system orbits. For practicality, Earth will be used as the body that is orbited; however, this theory applies to any celestial body with an ionosphere and a magnetic field.
The coordinates are the first thing that must be identified. For the purposes of this derivation, the "x"- and "y"-axis are defined as the east-west, and north-south directions with respect to the Earth's surface, respectively. The "z"-axis is defined as up-down from the Earth's center, as seen in the figure below. The parameters – magnetic field "B", tether length "L", and the orbital velocity "v"orb – are vectors that can be expressed in terms of this coordinate system, as in the following equations:
The components of the magnetic field can be obtained directly from the International Geomagnetic Reference Field (IGRF) model. This model is compiled from a collaborative effort between magnetic field modelers and the institutes involved in collecting and disseminating magnetic field data from satellites and from observatories and surveys around the world. For this derivation, it is assumed that the magnetic field lines are all the same angle throughout the length of the tether, and that the tether is rigid.
Realistically, the transverse electrodynamic forces cause the tether to bow and to swing away from the local vertical. Gravity gradient forces then produce a restoring force that pulls the tether back towards the local vertical; however, this results in a pendulum-like motion (Gravity gradient forces also result in pendulus motions without ED forces). The B direction changes as the tether orbits the Earth, and thus the direction and magnitude of the ED forces also change. This pendulum motion can develop into complex librations in both the in-plane and out-of-plane directions. Then, due to coupling between the in-plane motion and longitudinal elastic oscillations, as well as coupling between in-plane and out-of-plane motions, an electrodynamic tether operated at a constant current can continually add energy to the libration motions. This effect then has a chance to cause the libration amplitudes to grow and eventually cause wild oscillations, including one such as the 'skip-rope effect', but that is beyond the scope of this derivation. In a non-rotating EDT system (A rotating system, called Momentum Exchange Electrodynamic Reboost ), the tether is predominantly in the z-direction due to the natural gravity gradient alignment with the Earth.
Derivations.
The following derivation will describe the exact solution to the system accounting for all vector quantities involved, and then a second solution with the nominal condition where the magnetic field, the orbital velocity, and the tether orientation are all perpendicular to one another. The final solution of the nominal case is solved for in terms of just the electron density, n_e, the tether resistance per unit length, R_t, and the power of the high voltage power supply, P_hvps.
The below figure describes a typical EDT system in a series bias grounded gate configuration (further description of the various types of configurations analyzed have been presented) with a blow-up of an infinitesimal section of bare tether. This figure is symmetrically set up so either end can be used as the anode. This tether system is symmetrical because rotating tether systems will need to use both ends as anodes and cathodes at some point in its rotation. The V_hvps will only be used in the cathode end of the EDT system, and is turned off otherwise.
In-plane and out-of-plane direction is determined by the orbital velocity vector of the system. An in-plane force is in the direction of travel. It will add or remove energy to the orbit, thereby increasing the altitude by changing the orbit into an elliptical one. An out-of-plane force is in the direction perpendicular to the plane of travel, which causes a change in inclination. This will be explained in the following section.
To calculate the in-plane and out-of-plane directions, the components of the velocity and magnetic field vectors must be obtained and the force values calculated. The component of the force in the direction of travel will serve to enhance the orbit raising capabilities, while the out-of-plane component of thrust will alter the inclination. In the below figure, the magnetic field vector is solely in the north (or y-axis) direction, and the resulting forces on an orbit, with some inclination, can be seen. An orbit with no inclination would have all the thrust in the in-plane direction.
There has been work conducted to stabilize the librations of the tether system to prevent misalignment of the tether with the gravity gradient. The below figure displays the drag effects an EDT system will encounter for a typical orbit. The in-plane angle, α_ip, and out-of-plane angle, α_op, can be reduced by increasing the endmass of the system, or by employing feedback technology. Any deviations in the gravity alignment must be understood, and accounted for in the system design.
Interstellar travel.
An application of the EDT system has been considered and researched for interstellar travel by using the local interstellar medium of the Local Bubble. It has been found to be feasible to use the EDT system to supply on-board power given a crew of 50 with a requirement of 12 kilowatts per person. Energy generation is achieved at the expense of kinetic energy of the spacecraft. In reverse the EDT system could be used for acceleration. However, this has been found to be ineffective. Thrustless turning using the EDT system is possible to allow for course correction and rendezvous in interstellar space. It will not, however, allow rapid thrustless circling to allow a starship to re-enter a power beam or make numerous solar passes due to an extreme large turning radius of 3.7*1016 km (~3.7 lightyears).

</doc>
<doc id="2860343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860343" title="Bactrocera tryoni">
Bactrocera tryoni

The Queensland fruit fly ("Bactrocera tryoni") is a species of tephritid fruit fly native to Australia.
Adult flies are about 5 to 8mm in length in adult stage. Their larvae hatch in various fruit species, causing significant damage to crops.
The fly has been the subject of extensive control regimes including a Fruit Fly Exclusion Zone where it is forbidden to take fruit, and post-harvest dipping of fruit in dimethoate and fenthion. As of October 2011, the use of these chemicals was under review by the Australian Pesticides and Veterinary Medicines Authority (APVMA), with dimethoate suspended from use. In May 2012 and January 2013, the fly was found in Auckland, posing a risk to agriculture and leading to a quarantine.
The "white" locus.
A gene for "white" eye found in "Drosophila" is found to have homologs in this as well as numerous other Diptera.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2860381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860381" title="Barnstable High School">
Barnstable High School

Barnstable High School is a public high school (grades 8–12) in the village of Hyannis, Massachusetts, United States, Town of Barnstable. It is the largest high school in Barnstable County on Cape Cod. It is divided into 5 "houses", described as "schools within a school". BHS has approximately 2,400 students in grades 8-12. The school's principal is Patrick Clark. Scott Pyy is the assistant principal. The school is operated by the Barnstable Public School District.
The school was founded in the 19th century after several attempts of creating a public high school. The school was then moved to the High School Road location for about thirty years before being relocated to its present location in 1959. The school has also gone through three different major renovations and building additions over the years, with the last one being completed in 1998.
Barnstable also boasts an arts and music departments. Many artists have even been chosen for their art works by the Boston Globe. The music department is also home to talented students who have propelled the department to many awards for excellence over the years. The Barnstable High School Drama Club have been the producers of many acclaimed plays and they also been on a webisode filmed by the Warner Brothers Corporation.
Barnstable is also one of the most diverse schools on Cape Cod due to its population of Cape Verdean, Brazilian, and Portuguese-American families in the community.
History.
Beginnings.
The school itself has had a long and tumultuous history. The several attempts to establish a secondary school in town failed before the founding of the high school. Among the failed schools were: Barnstable Academy 1837; Hyannis High School, 1837; and the Hyannis Seminary, 1849. These schools were mostly run with private funds. There was the feeling though that these schools were insufficient and there was a consensus that a town funded high school should be established. In 1871, it was voted that a high school would be established in West Barnstable and Centerville. In 1872, it was voted that another one be established in Hyannis. A struggle ensued among the three villages on who would get the school. Centerville soon dropped out and this led to a compromise being reached between the two villages. It turned out that Hyannis started classes in 1873, maintaining the school until 1876. Barnstable then oversaw the school from 1876–1879. In 1879, the school moved permanently back to Hyannis. As a result of these moves in location, the first graduating class occurred in 1883. This was caused because when the school would move, the students from which the school was originally located would drop out and the students in the new location would join the school. The first class originally included two people, Miss Phoebee Crowell and Miss Nellie Coleman. Class sizes grew slowly from there. In 1890, the class size was four. The 1895, eleven; 1900, fourteen; 1905, fifteen; 1920, twenty-two. From 1920 on, the classes grew steadily until the first class of over 100, the class of 1949 was graduated.
First permanent location.
The school never really had a permanent location until 1905, when a building was erected at the present site of Pope John Paul II High School. In 1930, the building was rebuilt. The building was renovated in 1939, due to the increase of students. Unfortunately, the building was already three stories tall in the 1950s and there was very little room with which the building could use for expansion. This also was complicated by a lack of room for athletic fields, which included McKeon Field and a football/soccer field. It was decided that a new school should be built using land willed to the town by Enoch Cobb.
Modern building.
The modern high school building was built from 1956–1957. On September 5, 1957, the new building was officially opened. The original layout included the modern 1200s, 1300s, 1400s, and 1500s.
The original layout lacked the present library and cafeteria, which were added later on. The original library was located near the entrance to the modern library. A unique feature of the building were the two cafeterias. One cafeteria was located near on the site of the weight room and athletic office, and the kitchen was also located on the site of the present weight room. The field house was also absent in the original layout.
Originally, the high school hosted a vocational school in the modern lower 1200s. The basement of the original building also was built as a bomb shelter, not unusual during the Cold War.
Interestingly, the completion of the school did not mean an end to the usage of the old building's facilities. When the school was completed, it lacked athletic fields, which were still under construction. For at least the first year, sporting events were held at the old building.
In 1963, the modern 1600s wing was added. The school underwent a renovation in 1976, which added the field house, cafeteria, library and some classrooms nearby. In 1975, the vocational high school closed because of the opening of Cape Cod Regional Technical High School in Harwich. The wing was then turned into the art wing for the school. Mechanical drawing was one of the classes offered in the old shop wing.
Renovation.
In 1998, the wing that was part of the old vocational high school was demolished so that new classrooms could be added in place of the shop rooms. The new renovation also added the Performing Arts Center, the 1100s, lower 1200s, 1700s, 2200s and 2700s.
The renovations also added a new overhang in the busport area, the original one literally falling on the heads of students. After the renovation, the main office and administration rooms were moved to its present location, the old ones being located at the present child development room locations.
Originally the school was renovated with the installation of central air in mind. This was unable to be completed because the air ducts were improperly installed. It does not help that the school also was renovated to include small windows because of the anticipation of central air.
Modern day.
Today, Barnstable High School is a diverse school with over 20 different spoken languages. The school is notable for its many clubs and community outreach programs. The school has also played host to the 7th and 8th;grades at the time that the Barnstable Middle School at Hyannis was being renovated.
With declining enrollment in the system, it was announced in 2009 that the 8th grade would be moved into the building permanently. The students were then grouped into separate 8th grade teams of Gold I, Gold II, Gold III, & Gold IV. In time, the 8th graders would become a permanent edition to the school, and the 7th graders would return to the Middle School. The team organization today consists of Red I, Red II, Red III, & Red IV.
In September, 2008, students were invited to send a YouTube message to Governor Deval Patrick. Twelve students took up this offer, and one student was sent a video reply back. The student was one of three in the state to be responded to in this way, and was featured on a local newscast because of his concern for the arts.
Athletics.
Barnstable High School sports teams are known as the Red Raiders (using a logo similar to the University of Utah), a name they share with, most notably, Texas Tech University.
W. Leo Shields Memorial Field is the sports field on the campus of Barnstable High School. On November 25 the Red Raider football team played its first game on newly installed FieldTurf, beating the Falmouth Clippers 46-14. Previously the field had been natural grass and Barnstable is the first school on Cape Cod to have Field Turf installed. Renovations also included new field goal posts. It was also home to the Cape Cod Crusaders of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League (PDL).
Girls.
Volleyball.
The Barnstable High School girls volleyball team has won 13 Division One State Championships in the past 15 years, including the past 6 State Championships.
The team holds the state volleyball record for the most consecutive victories.
The team also holds the state volleyball record for the most consecutive victories. The team's 110-game winning streak came to a halt on October 6, 2007, when the team played Brentwood, California and lost.
Recent graduates include four "Boston Globe" and "Boston Herald" All Scholastics.
Tennis.
The girls tennis program has fared very well in recent years. In the 2006 spring tennis season, the entire team went undefeated in the regular season and the team captain and her partner won the South Sectional doubles championship, also earning recognition as Boston Globe All-Scholastic Team winners. That year the Red Raiders won the team South Sectional championship. During the 2011 season, 6 of the 7 girls on varsity were all-stars. During the 2012 season, the team's first and second doubles team faced off in the South Sectional individual tournament finals, with the second doubles team taking home the South Sectional doubles championship. Also in 2012, the team won the MIAA Division I South Sectional championship, and lost in the state championship semifinals to the eventual winners.
Boys.
Barnstable High School Football.
Barnstable football has won 2 Division 1A State Championships/Super Bowl's in 1995,and in 1999 under former Head Coach Paul "Spanky" Demanche during his seventh, and eleventh season. In 1995, and in 1999, Barnstable was ranked the #1 high school football team in Massachusetts in the final state rankings. The Red Raiders have also won a total of 22 league championships while belonging to several different leagues. In 1951 the Red Raiders finished their season undefeated at 9-0-0. An effort was made by coach Leo Shields to stage a "State Championship" game, but there were no takers and a high school rule prohibited teams from playing more than nine games in a season at the time. In 1907, and 1898 they were undefeated as well, but these seasons were also prior to the birth of the MIAA State Championship/Super Bowl system.
Other sports.
Barnstable also has traditional baseball, soccer, and hockey programs.
Barnstable has played Falmouth in football on Thanksgiving Day nearly every year since 1895, making the annual game one of the longest-standing high school football rivalries in history. In 2007, the Red Raiders beat Falmouth 19–12 which evened the overall record in the rivalry at 56–56–8.
Music department.
The music department is renowned in town because of its many accomplishments. The choral program has won many trophies at MICCA and FiestaVal competitions. The string program has also won a few trophies over the years.
The Barnstable High School Red Raider Marching Band is known for its achievements on and off the field. The band Division 2 winner in MICCA from 2006 to 2009 (four years in a row). In 2010 the band will be competing in Division 1 of MICCA due to changes in the number of members in the band.
Throughout the fall and leading into the spring, the Marching Band frequently performs at various venues, including football games, holidays, and community events. Various trips are performed throughout the year, including a bi-yearly appearance at Fiestaval.
The Red Raiders primarily march in the Massachusetts Instrumental and Choral Conductors Association circuit, often referred to as MICCA. Other appearances occur at the NESBA and USSBA marching shows around the state. The Winter Percussion unit, an offshoot of the marching band season, compete in Winter Guard International championships on a bi-yearly basis. In April 2009 (their most recent appearance at WGI) the Winter Percussion Ensemble almost made it into the semifinal round achieving their best performance ever at WGI. The winter percussion was the 2004 Class A NESBA Champions. The Winter Guard has won Class Championships in 2000, 2001 & 2004.
Drama club and Performing Arts Center.
In the late 1990s, the school received a major renovation and expansion. This project included the construction of the Barnstable High School Performing Arts Center, which also serves as the home stage for the Barnstable High School Drama Club, music department concerts, and Cape Cod Symphony Orchestra. The Performing Arts Center has a capacity of 1,440 people and has hosted a number of events, including large cast musicals that the Drama Club has performed. It also hosts musical performances such as the All Cape and Southeast District music festivals. In 2008, after a nationwide search the BHS Drama Club was selected by Warner Brothers to produce "The Wizard of Oz". Over 360 hours of auditions, rehearsals, classroom lessons and free time was recorded by Warner Bros. Company for webisodes of a real high school musical from start to finish called "High Drama, Against all OZ" to be shown on theWb.com in September 2008 and sold on iTunes as a four part television series.
Technology.
Starting with the 2006–07 school year, all staff members at Barnstable High School were given new Lenovo R60 laptop computers running Windows XP Professional. Most class rooms now have SMARTBoards. The school also uses the Moodle Course Management System and the SchoolDude online work order distribution program. Starting with the 2009-10 school year, the Barnstable High School ordered a multitude of new iMacs for use in its television production studios, which broadcast locally on local Public-access television cable TV channel 22. Along with the upgrade of the production studio come over 20 new Canon 1080 HD camcorders along with Manfrotto tripods,studio and portable lighting kits, and shotgun, lapel, and wireless (UHF) microphones to be used both in the studio and out in the field.
The High School also features a technology help desk, where students are given the opportunity to learn about the repair and maintenance of school computer and information technology systems. In the 2009-10 school year, a multitude of new 21st century multimedia courses were introduced. One of the primary goals of these courses is to video, edit, and produce content to be shown on Barnstable local access channel 22.
Foreign language department.
In recent years, the high school has been home to the annual convention of the Massachusetts Junior Classical League. This also coincides with the creation of a chapter at the school. Barnstable was also one of only 13 public schools in the nation that taught Greek until it was canceled for the 2009–2010 school year.
Clubs.
The school is also home to over twenty clubs. In the 2008–2009 school year, a series of new clubs were created. One of these was a chapter of the Model United Nations. The Astronomy, Drama, Film and Broadcasting, Key, Photography, Student Council, and Young Democrats/Republicans clubs are among the most popular among students.
In 2011, it hosted the annual Massachusetts Junior Classical League State Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="2860394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860394" title="Pasadena Unified School District">
Pasadena Unified School District

The Pasadena Unified School District is a unified school district that is responsible for the schools of Pasadena, California. , it has 4 high schools, 5 middle schools, 3 K-8 schools and 15 K-5 elementary schools. The number of elementary schools was reduced from 18 at the end of the 2010-11 school year. The district also serves the city of Sierra Madre and the unincorporated community of Altadena.
PUSD is run by a Board of Education, whose members serve four-year terms. Duties of the Board include budgeting, approving expenditures, establishing policy, making employment decisions, approving textbooks and courses of study, and approving academic initiatives. As of June 2012, PUSD's at large board districts became geographic subdistricts. As of 2014, the members of the Board of Education of PUSD are Scott Phelps (District 7, President), Kimberly Kenne (District 1), Renatta Cooper (At Large), Tyron Hampton (District 3, Clerk), Mikala Rahn (At Large), Elizabeth Pomeroy (District 5), and Tom Selinske (At Large).
History.
In its early history, Pasadena had some of the highest performing schools in the state, largely due to a strong affiliation with the California Institute of Technology. Two schools in the area, Noyes Elementary (now closed) and Hale Elementary (now Norma Coombs Alternative School) were named after Caltech professors..
In January 1970, as supplemented in March 1970, busing was ordered in the district after the federal court ordered desegregation of the public schools in Pasadena. This was a result of the city demographics of the time, which resulted in a "de facto" segregation, with a large proportion of the African American population attending schools in the northwest area of the city (which was largely African American), and the white students attending schools in the east and southern parts.
Before the busing plan was implemented in September 1970, the proportion of white students in public schools reflected the proportion of whites in the community (54 percent and 53 percent, respectively). Shortly after busing began, a significant segment of upper- and middle-class families who could afford private schooling, pulled their children out of the public school system to avoid sending their children to schools on the opposite end of the city from their homes. The result was a boom of private schooling available in the city, and the reduction of state funding for Pasadena public schools as enrollment was reduced.
In 2002, Superintendent Percy Clark reduced the number of students bused in the district and expanded a policy of neighborhood schools.
By 2004 Pasadena was home to sixty-three private schools, which educated one-third of all school-aged children in the city, and the proportion of white students in the public schools had fallen to 16 percent. One current (as of 2014) Board member, Renatta Cooper, has stated that Pasadena has more private schools per capita than any city its size in the United States.
By 2006, Allendale, Edison, Linda Vista, and Noyes elementary schools were closed, currently, Edison Elementary, is now replaced with Focus Point Academy, a Special Education school, while Allendale was used as a temporary site for Blair IB Magnet Middle School students while the new middle school campus was under construction.
For the 2009-2010 school year, Pasadena Unified mounted a drive to stop interdistrict transfers out of the district. This was mainly directed at children entering kindergarten, first, seventh, and ninth grades, citing these as "transition" years. They included first grade as a transition year because kindergarten is not required by the State of California.
For the 2011-2012 school year, Blair IB Magnet School opened a new middle school campus.
By the start of the 2015-2016 school year, Sierra Madre Middle School will be opening a brand new campus, which will increase the number of middle schools to four.
Starting in 2013, school board members will now be elected by geographical districts, which replaces a seat number and at large, similar to the Pasadena City Council, there are seven geographical districts, Districts 1, 3, 5, and 7 starting with the 2013 elections, while Districts 2, 4, and 6 starting with the 2015 elections, thanks to a ballot measure passage by the voters during the 2012 California Primary elections.
In 2012, the district was the subject a 90-minute documentary film titled "Go Public." The documentary was filmed by 50 crews following the stories of various people in 28 schools for one day, intended to portray the positive and negative realities in a moderate-sized public education system.
Enrollment and Staffing.
In the 2009-2010 school year PUSD served 20,084 students, a drop of approximately 14% since the 2000-2001 school year, when enrollment during the past fifteen years peaked at 23,559 students. As of the 2013-2014 school year, enrollment had dropped to 19,102 students.
As of the 2009-2010 school year, PUSD employed 1,154 certificated staff, 1,027 of which were teachers.
In 2009-2010, the district also employed 1,307 classified personnel, 955 of which were full-time, 352 part-time.
Curriculum.
Every PUSD elementary student receives daily instruction in English Language Arts using the Open Court Reading language arts program. Middle and high schools use the Holt Literature and Language Arts curriculum. The PUSD Math curriculum is based on California’s mathematics framework which includes the Houghton Mifflin Mathematics curriculum for elementary schools and additional college-prep classes beginning in eighth grade. Curricular focus is also placed on History, Social Studies, Science, Art and Music, and Physical Education.

</doc>
<doc id="2860403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860403" title="Crow Creek Reservation">
Crow Creek Reservation

The Crow Creek Indian Reservation is located in parts of Buffalo, Hughes, and Hyde counties on the east bank of the Missouri River in central South Dakota in the United States. It has a land area of 421.658 sq mi (1,092.09 km²) and a 2000 census population of 2,225 persons. Its major town and capital of the Crow Creek Sioux Tribe is Fort Thompson.
The town is located adjacent to the Big Bend Dam, which holds back Big Bend Reservoir (also known as Lake Sharpe), one of the four Missouri Mainstem reservoirs constructed by the US Army Corps of Engineers in the Pick-Sloan Plan. Authorized in 1944 for flood control and hydropower, the dam and lake were completed in the 1960s.
History.
The people of the Crow Creek Sioux Tribe include Dakota and Lakota, descendants of ancestors who settled on the reservation after escape or exile from Minnesota following the Dakota War of 1862 in Minnesota. They were relocated from de-established Indian reservations further east in South Dakota. Although considered to be a part of the Great Sioux Reservation by some writers, the Crow Creek Reservation, established in 1862, has always been separate.
The reservation originally included bottom lands along the Missouri, which had been farmed previously by Mandan and Arikara, and others prior to these tribes being decimated in smallpox and other epidemics in the 18th century. Today several former Mandan or Arikara villages are archeological sites located within the Crow Creek Reservation. 
The development of Lake Sharpe following completion of the Big Bend Dam flooded much of this land, forcing relocation of Fort Thompson and other settlements. Loss of the most productive, fertile bottomlands worsened the economic conditions in the area. Allotment and land sales reduced the amount of land in both tribal and Indian ownership, and the size of the Reservation was reduced by governmental action between its establishment in 1862 and modern times.
The Reservation, and the Crow Creek Sioux Tribe, is organized into three Districts. The Tribe runs its own school, the Crow Creek Tribal Schools system, with an elementary school at Fort Thompson and a K-12 boarding and day school at Stephan, approximately north of Fort Thompson. Most of the Tribe's land is leased to a few large ranching families. Unemployment is high. 
The Tribe operates the Lode Star Casino and Hotel, attracting tourists to the reservation for this entertainment, as well as to the archeological sites, Lake Sharpe's fishing and boating, and casual travelers. The reservation is located southeast of Pierre, and north of Chamberlain. It is reached via South Dakota Highway 47 or South Dakota Highway 50 off Interstate 90, or via South Dakota Highway 34 east from Pierre.
The Lower Brule Indian Reservation is located on the west bank of the Missouri River, directly across from the Crow Creek Reservation.
In 2002 a monument was dedicated at Big Bend Dam. The Spirit of the Circle Monument honors the more than 1,300 people who died of malnutrition and exposure over a three-year period in the 1860s at the reservation following the forcible removal of the Santee Dakota to this site, which resulted from their defeat in the Dakota War of 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="2860425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860425" title="MarkAir">
MarkAir

MarkAir was a regional airline in the United States. It had its headquarters in Anchorage, Alaska. It ceased operations and liquidated in 1995.
History.
The airline began its life as Interior Airways in the late 1946 carrying cargo throughout the state of Alaska. In the late 1960s the airline bought Lockheed L-382 Hercules aircraft to service construction of the Alaska Pipeline. In 1972 it changed its name to Alaska International Air to reflect its international charter business. In 1980 Alaska International Air bought a regional passenger/cargo airline named Great Northern Airways. In 1984 new colors and the name MarkAir (reportedly named after a newsboy named Mark) were brought to the airline as it inaugurated passenger/cargo service from Anchorage to the Alaska bush communities of Barrow, Bethel, Dillingham, Fairbanks, King Salmon, Kotzebue, Nome, and Prudhoe Bay/Deadhorse. The airline had purchased Boeing 737-200 combination cargo/passenger aircraft to operate these services.
In the mid-1980s MarkAir and Alaska Airlines entered into a codesharing agreement with MarkAir operating as Alaska Airlines to the communities of Dillingham, Dutch Harbor, Barrow, Aniak, St. Mary's and Alaska Airlines feeding MarkAir from its routes from Seattle and other "lower 48" destinations. In the late 1980s MarkAir bought several air taxis (airlines operating small six to nine seat aircraft from larger communities such as Bethel to Alaska's Native villages) and purchased several Beechcraft 1900 aircraft; and under the name of MarkAir Express operated new service from Anchorage to Cordova, Aniak, McGrath, Dillingham, King Salmon, Galena, Unalakleet, Kodiak, Kenai, Homer and Valdez. By 1990 MarkAir was the State of Alaska's largest airline.
In 1990, Alaska Airlines abruptly cancelled its codesharing agreement with MarkAir and MarkAir inaugurated service to key Alaska Airlines markets such as Anchorage-Seattle, Anchorage-Juneau-Sitka-Ketchikan-Seattle, Seattle-Los Angeles, Seattle-San Francisco and Seattle-Portland. In 1992 the airline expanded its Lower 48 route network to include Seattle-Chicago/Midway and Denver. However the head-to-head competition with Alaska Airlines, although it forced major cuts with the latter, following Alaska Airlines' loss post of US$121 million caused MarkAir to find itself in bankruptcy by the end of 1992. In 1993 MarkAir restructured itself as a "low fare" carrier and cut most routes out of Seattle with the exception of Seattle-Anchorage and Seattle-Los Angeles. The airline began a hub in Denver and serviced various West Coast, Midwest and Southern cities. In 1994 city and business officials from Denver, Colorado hoped to persuade MarkAir to move its headquarters to Denver.
In 1995 faced with bankruptcy again, the airline cut all jet services within the state of Alaska and concentrated on its Denver hub, the new MarkAir headquarters. MarkAir Express continued services within the State of Alaska taking over all of MarkAir's jet routes. In 1996 MarkAir was forced to shut down. MarkAir Express remained until 1997 and was reorganized into the all-cargo carrier Alaska Central Express.
MarkAir's assets were purchased in bankruptcy by the private equity firm Wexford Capital Management, the majority owners in control of the present day Republic Airways Holdings.
Destinations in 1995.
The following MarkAir destination information is taken from their January 2, 1995 system timetable route map. The airline was operating Boeing 737 jet service both in Alaska and in the lower 48 states in the U.S. at this time.
Fleet.
In March 1995, MarkAir's total fleet consisted of the following 68 aircraft: 
From 1991 to 1993, MarkAir operated two de Havilland Canada Dash 8-300s.
MarkAir Express fleet.
In March 1995, MarkAir Express' regional and small aircraft fleet consisted of the following 48 aircraft: 

</doc>
<doc id="2860430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860430" title="Neural oscillation">
Neural oscillation

Neural oscillation is rhythmic or repetitive neural activity in the central nervous system. Neural tissue can generate oscillatory activity in many ways, driven either by mechanisms within individual neurons or by interactions between neurons. In individual neurons, oscillations can appear either as oscillations in membrane potential or as rhythmic patterns of action potentials, which then produce oscillatory activation of post-synaptic neurons. At the level of neural ensembles, synchronized activity of large numbers of neurons can give rise to macroscopic oscillations, which can be observed in the electroencephalogram (EEG). Oscillatory activity in groups of neurons generally arises from feedback connections between the neurons that result in the synchronization of their firing patterns. The interaction between neurons can give rise to oscillations at a different frequency than the firing frequency of individual neurons. A well-known example of macroscopic neural oscillations is alpha activity.
Neural oscillations were observed by researchers as early as Hans Berger in 1924, but their functional role is still not fully understood. The possible roles of neural oscillations include feature binding, information transfer mechanisms and the generation of rhythmic motor output. Over the last decades more insight has been gained, especially with advances in brain imaging. A major area of research in neuroscience involves determining how oscillations are generated and what their roles are. Oscillatory activity in the brain is widely observed at different levels of observation and is thought to play a key role in processing neural information. Numerous experimental studies support a functional role of neural oscillations; a unified interpretation, however, is still lacking.
Overview.
Neural oscillations are observed throughout the central nervous system and at all levels, e.g., spike trains, local field potentials and large-scale oscillations which can be measured by electroencephalography. In general, oscillations can be characterized by their frequency, amplitude and phase. These signal properties can be extracted from neural recordings using time-frequency analysis. In large-scale oscillations, amplitude changes are considered to result from changes in synchronization within a neural ensemble, also referred to as local synchronization. In addition to local synchronization, oscillatory activity of distant neural structures (single neurons or neural ensembles) can synchronize. Neural oscillations and synchronization have been linked to many cognitive functions such as information transfer, perception, motor control and memory.
Neural oscillations have been most widely studied in neural activity generated by large groups of neurons. Large-scale activity can be measured by techniques such as electroencephalography (EEG). In general, EEG signals have a broad spectral content similar to pink noise, but also reveal oscillatory activity in specific frequency bands. The first discovered and best-known frequency band is alpha activity (8–13 Hz) that can be detected from the occipital lobe during relaxed wakefulness and increases when the eyes are closed. Other frequency bands are: delta (1–4 Hz), theta (4–8 Hz), beta (13–30 Hz) and gamma (30–70 Hz) frequency band, where faster rhythms such as gamma activity have been linked to cognitive processing. Indeed, EEG signals change dramatically during sleep and show a transition from faster frequencies to increasingly slower frequencies such as alpha waves. In fact, different sleep stages are commonly characterized by their spectral content. Consequently, neural oscillations have been linked to cognitive states, such as awareness and consciousness.
Although neural oscillations in human brain activity are mostly investigated using EEG recordings, they are also observed using more invasive recording techniques such as single-unit recordings. Neurons can generate rhythmic patterns of action potentials or spikes. Some types of neurons have the tendency to fire at particular frequencies, so-called "resonators". Bursting is another form of rhythmic spiking. Spiking patterns are considered fundamental for information coding in the brain. Oscillatory activity can also be observed in the form of subthreshold membrane potential oscillations (i.e. in the absence of action potentials). If numerous neurons spike in synchrony, they can give rise to oscillations in local field potentials. Quantitative models can estimate the strength of neural oscillations in recorded data.
Neural oscillations are commonly studied from a mathematical framework and belong to the field of "neurodynamics", an area of research in the cognitive sciences that places a strong focus upon the dynamic character of neural activity in describing brain function. It considers the brain a dynamical system and uses differential equations to describe how neural activity evolves over time. In particular, it aims to relate dynamic patterns of brain activity to cognitive functions such as perception and memory. In very abstract form, neural oscillations can be analyzed analytically. When studied in a more physiologically realistic setting, oscillatory activity is generally studied using computer simulations of a computational model.
The functions of neural oscillations are wide ranging and vary for different types of oscillatory activity. Examples are the generation of rhythmic activity such as a heartbeat and the neural binding of sensory features in perception, such as the shape and color of an object. Neural oscillations also play an important role in many neurological disorders, such as excessive synchronization during seizure activity in epilepsy or tremor in patients with Parkinson's disease. Oscillatory activity can also be used to control external devices in brain–computer interfaces, in which subjects can control an external device by changing the amplitude of particular brain rhythmics.
Physiology.
Oscillatory activity is observed throughout the central nervous system at all levels of organization. Three different levels have been widely recognized: the micro-scale (activity of a single neuron), the meso-scale (activity of a local group of neurons) and the macro-scale (activity of different brain regions).
Microscopic.
Neurons generate action potentials resulting from changes in the electric membrane potential. Neurons can generate multiple action potentials in sequence forming so-called spike trains. These spike trains are the basis for neural coding and information transfer in the brain. Spike trains can form all kinds of patterns, such as rhythmic spiking and bursting, and often display oscillatory activity. Oscillatory activity in single neurons can also be observed in sub-threshold fluctuations in membrane potential. These rhythmic changes in membrane potential do not reach the critical threshold and therefore do not result in an action potential. They can result from postsynaptic potentials from synchronous inputs or from intrinsic properties of neurons.
Neuronal spiking can be classified by their activity patterns. The excitability of neurons can be subdivided in Class I and II. Class I neurons can generate action potentials with arbitrarily low frequency depending on the input strength, whereas Class II neurons generate action potentials in a certain frequency band, which is relatively insensitive to changes in input strength. Class II neurons are also more prone to display sub-threshold oscillations in membrane potential.
Mesoscopic.
A group of neurons can also generate oscillatory activity. Through synaptic interactions the firing patterns of different neurons may become synchronized and the rhythmic changes in electric potential caused by their action potentials will add up (constructive interference). That is, synchronized firing patterns result in synchronised input into other cortical areas, which gives rise to large-amplitude oscillations of the local field potential. These large-scale oscillations can also be measured outside the scalp using electroencephalography (EEG) and magnetoencephalography (MEG). The electric potentials generated by single neurons are far too small to be picked up outside the scalp, and EEG or MEG activity always reflects the summation of the synchronous activity of thousands or millions of neurons that have similar spatial orientation. Neurons in a neural ensemble rarely all fire at exactly the same moment, i.e. fully synchronized. Instead, the probability of firing is rhythmically modulated such that neurons are more likely to fire at the same time, which gives rise to oscillations in their mean activity (see figure at top of page). As such, the frequency of large-scale oscillations does not need to match the firing pattern of individual neurons. Isolated cortical neurons fire regularly under certain conditions, but in the intact brain cortical cells are bombarded by highly fluctuating synaptic inputs and typically fire seemingly at random. However, if the probability of a large group of neurons is rhythmically modulated at a common frequency, they will generate oscillations in the mean field (see also figure at top of page). Neural ensembles can generate oscillatory activity endogenously through local interactions between excitatory and inhibitory neurons. In particular, inhibitory interneurons play an important role in producing neural ensemble synchrony by generating a narrow window for effective excitation and rhythmically modulating the firing rate of excitatory neurons.
Macroscopic.
Neural oscillation can also arise from interactions between different brain areas. Time delays play an important role here. Because all brain areas are bidirectionally coupled, these connections between brain areas form feedback loops. Positive feedback loops tends to cause oscillatory activity which frequency is inversely related to the delay time. An example of such a feedback loop is the connections between the thalamus and cortex. This thalamocortical network is able to generate oscillatory activity known as recurrent thalamo-cortical resonance. The thalamocortical network plays an important role in the generation of alpha activity.
Mechanisms.
Neuronal properties.
Scientists have identified some intrinsic neuronal properties that play an important role in generating membrane potential oscillations. In particular, voltage-gated ion channels are critical in the generation of action potentials. The dynamics of these ion channels have been captured in the well-established Hodgkin–Huxley model that describes how action potentials are initiated and propagated by means of a set of differential equations. Using bifurcation analysis, different oscillatory varieties of these neuronal models can be determined, allowing for the classification of types of neuronal responses. The oscillatory dynamics of neuronal spiking as identified in the Hodgkin–Huxley model closely agree with empirical findings. In addition to periodic spiking, subthreshold membrane potential oscillations, i.e. resonance behavior that does not result in action potentials, may also contribute to oscillatory activity by facilitating synchronous activity of neighboring neurons. Like pacemaker neurons in central pattern generators, subtypes of cortical cells fire bursts of spikes (brief clusters of spikes) rhythmically at preferred frequencies. Bursting neurons have the potential to serve as pacemakers for synchronous network oscillations, and bursts of spikes may underlie or enhance neuronal resonance.
Network properties.
Apart from intrinsic properties of neurons, network properties are also an important source of oscillatory activity. Neurons communicate with one another via synapses and affect the timing of spike trains in the post-synaptic neurons. Depending on the properties of the connection, such as the coupling strength, time delay and whether coupling is excitatory or inhibitory, the spike trains of the interacting neurons may become synchronized. Neurons are locally connected, forming small clusters that are called neural ensembles. Certain network structures promote oscillatory activity at specific frequencies. For example, neuronal activity generated by two populations of interconnected "inhibitory" and "excitatory" cells can show spontaneous oscillations that are described by the Wilson-Cowan model.
If a group of neurons engages in synchronized oscillatory activity, the neural ensemble can be mathematically represented as a single oscillator. Different neural ensembles are coupled through long-range connections and form a network of weakly coupled oscillators at the next spatial scale. Weakly coupled oscillators can generate a range of dynamics including oscillatory activity. Long-range connections between different brain structures, such as the thalamus and the cortex (see thalamocortical oscillation), involve time-delays due to the finite conduction velocity of axons. Because most connections are reciprocal, they form feed-back loops that support oscillatory activity. Oscillations recorded from multiple cortical areas can become synchronized and form a large-scale network, whose dynamics and functional connectivity can be studied by means of spectral analysis and Granger causality measures. Coherent activity of large-scale brain activity may form dynamic links between brain areas required for the integration of distributed information.
Neuromodulation.
In addition to fast direct synaptic interactions between neurons forming a network, oscillatory activity is modulated by neurotransmitters on a much slower time scale. That is, the concentration levels of certain neurotransmitters are known to regulate the amount of oscillatory activity. For instance, GABA concentration has been shown to be positively correlated with frequency of oscillations in induced stimuli. A number of nuclei in the brainstem have diffuse projections throughout the brain influencing concentration levels of neurotransmitters such as norepinephrine, acetylcholine and serotonin. These neurotransmitter systems affect the physiological state, e.g., wakefulness or arousal, and have a pronounced effect on amplitude of different brain waves, such as alpha activity.
Mathematical description.
Oscillations can often be described and analyzed using mathematics. Mathematicians have identified several dynamical mechanisms that generate rhythmicity. Among the most important are harmonic (linear) oscillators, limit cycle oscillators, and delayed-feedback oscillators. Harmonic oscillations appear very frequently in nature—examples are sound waves, the motion of a pendulum, and vibrations of every sort. They generally arise when a physical system is perturbed by a small degree from a minimum-energy state, and are well-understood mathematically. Noise-driven harmonic oscillators realistically simulate alpha rhythm in the waking EEG as well as slow waves and spindles in the sleep EEG. Successful EEG analysis algorithms were based on such models. Several other EEG components are better described by limit-cycle or delayed-feedback oscillations. Limit-cycle oscillations arise from physical systems that show large deviations from equilibrium, whereas delayed-feedback oscillations arise when components of a system affect each other after significant time delays. Limit-cycle oscillations can be complex but there are powerful mathematical tools for analyzing them; the mathematics of delayed-feedback oscillations is primitive in comparison. Linear oscillators and limit-cycle oscillators qualitatively differ in terms of how they respond to fluctuations in input. In a linear oscillator, the frequency is more or less constant but the amplitude can vary greatly. In a limit-cycle oscillator, the amplitude tends to be more or less constant but the frequency can vary greatly. A heartbeat is an example of a limit-cycle oscillation in that the frequency of beats varies widely, while each individual beat continues to pump about the same amount of blood.
Computational models adopt a variety of abstractions in order to describe complex oscillatory dynamics observed in brain activity. Many models are used in the field, each defined at a different level of abstraction and trying to model different aspects of neural systems. They range from models of the short-term behaviour of individual neurons, through models of how the dynamics of neural circuitry arise from interactions between individual neurons, to models of how behaviour can arise from abstract neural modules that represent complete subsystems.
Single neuron model.
A model of a biological neuron is a mathematical description of the properties of nerve cells, or neurons, that is designed to accurately describe and predict its biological processes. The most successful and widely used model of neurons, the Hodgkin–Huxley model, is based on data from the squid giant axon. It is a set of nonlinear ordinary differential equations that approximates the electrical characteristics of a neuron, in particular the generation and propagation of action potentials. The model is very accurate and detailed and Hodgkin and Huxley received the 1963 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for this work.
The mathematics of the Hodgkin–Huxley model are quite complicated and several simplifications have been proposed, such as the FitzHugh–Nagumo model and the Hindmarsh–Rose model. Such models only capture the basic neuronal dynamics, such as rhythmic spiking and bursting, but are more computationally efficient. This allows the simulation of a large number of interconnected neurons that form a neural network.
Spiking model.
A neural network model describes a population of physically interconnected neurons or a group of disparate neurons whose inputs or signalling targets define a recognizable circuit. These models aim to describe how the dynamics of neural circuitry arise from interactions between individual neurons. Local interactions between neurons can result in the synchronization of spiking activity and form the basis of oscillatory activity. In particular, models of interacting pyramidal cells and inhibitory interneurons have been shown to generate brain rhythms such as gamma activity.
Neural mass model.
Neural field models are another important tool in studying neural oscillations and are a mathematical framework describing evolution of variables such as mean firing rate in space and time. In modeling the activity of large numbers of neurons, the central idea is to take the density of neurons to the continuum limit, resulting in spatially continuous neural networks. Instead of modelling individual neurons, this approach approximates a group of neurons by its average properties and interactions. It is based on the mean field approach, an area of statistical physics that deals with large-scale systems. Models based on these principles have been used to provide mathematical descriptions of neural oscillations and EEG rhythms. They have for instance been used to investigate visual hallucinations.
Kuramoto model.
The Kuramoto model of coupled phase oscillators is one of the most abstract and fundamental model used to investigate neural oscillations and synchronization. It captures the activity of a local system (e.g., a single neuron or neural ensemble) by its circular phase alone and hence ignores the amplitude of oscillations (amplitude is constant). Interactions amongst these oscillators are introduced by a simple algebraic form (such as a sine function) and collectively generate a dynamical pattern at the global scale. The Kuramoto model is widely used to study oscillatory brain activity and several extensions have been proposed that increase its neurobiological plausibility, for instance by incorporating topological properties of local cortical connectivity. In particular, it describes how the activity of a group of interactioning neurons can become synchronized and generate large-scale oscillations. Simulations using the Kuramoto model with realistic long-range cortical connectivity and time-delayed interactions reveal the emergence of slow patterned fluctuations that reproduce resting-state BOLD functional maps, which can be measured using fMRI.
Activity patterns.
Both single and groups of neurons can generate oscillatory activity spontaneously. In addition, they may show oscillatory responses to perceptual input or motor output. Some types of neurons will fire rhythmically in the absence of any synaptic input. Likewise, brain wide activity reveals oscillatory activity while subjects do not engage in any activity, so-called resting-state activity. These ongoing rhythms can change in different ways in response to perceptual input or motor output. Oscillatory activity may respond by increases or decreases in frequency and amplitude or show a temporary interruption, which is referred to as phase resetting. In addition, external activity may not interact with ongoing activity at all, resulting in an additive response.
Ongoing activity.
Spontaneous activity is brain activity in the absence of an explicit task, such as sensory input or motor output, and hence also referred to as resting-state activity. It is opposed to induced activity, i.e. brain activity that is induced by sensory stimuli or motor responses. The term "ongoing brain activity" is used in electroencephalography and magnetoencephalography for those signal components that are not associated with the processing of a stimulus or the occurrence of specific other events, such as moving a body part, i.e. events that do not form evoked potentials/evoked fields, or induced activity. Spontaneous activity is usually considered to be noise if one is interested in stimulus processing. However, spontaneous activity is considered to play a crucial role during brain development, such as in network formation and synaptogenesis. Spontaneous activity may be informative regarding the current mental state of the person (e.g. wakefulness, alertness) and is often used in sleep research. Certain types of oscillatory activity, such as alpha waves, are part of spontaneous activity. Statistical analysis of power fluctuations of alpha activity reveals a bimodal distribution, i.e. a high- and low-amplitude mode, and hence shows that resting-state activity does not just reflect a noise process. In case of fMRI, spontaneous fluctuations in the Blood-oxygen-level dependent (BOLD) signal reveal correlation patterns that are linked to resting states networks, such as the default network. The temporal evolution of resting state networks is correlated with fluctuations of oscillatory EEG activity in different frequency bands.
Ongoing brain activity may also have an important role in perception, as it may interact with activity related to incoming stimuli. Indeed, EEG studies suggest that visual perception is dependent on both the phase and amplitude of cortical oscillations. For instance, the amplitude and phase of alpha activity at the moment of visual stimulation predicts whether a weak stimulus will be perceived by the subject.
Frequency response.
In response to input, a neuron or neuronal ensemble may change the frequency at which it oscillates. This is very common in single neurons where the firing rate depends on the summed activity it receives. This is referred to as rate coding. Frequency changes are also commonly observed in central pattern generators and directly relate to the speed of motor activities, such as step frequency in walking. Changes in frequency are not so common in oscillatory activity involving different brain areas, as the frequency of oscillatory activity is often related to the time delays between brain areas.
Amplitude response.
Next to evoked activity, neural activity related to stimulus processing may result in induced activity. Induced activity refers to modulation in ongoing brain activity induced by processing of stimuli or movement preparation. Hence, they reflect an indirect response in contrast to evoked responses. A well-studied type of induced activity is amplitude change in oscillatory activity. For instance, gamma activity often increases during increased mental activity such as during object representation. Because induced responses may have different phases across measurements and therefore would cancel out during averaging, they can only be obtained using time-frequency analysis. Induced activity generally reflects the activity of numerous neurons: amplitude changes in oscillatory activity are thought to arise from the synchronization of neural activity, for instance by synchronization of spike timing or membrane potential fluctuations of individual neurons. Increases in oscillatory activity are therefore often referred to as event-related synchronization, while decreases are referred to as event-related desynchronization.
Asymmetric amplitude modulation.
Recently, it has been proposed that induced activity may actually result in event-related potentials, even if the phases are not aligned across trials. Ongoing brain oscillations may not be symmetric and amplitude modulations will therefore result in a baseline shift that will not average out. This model implies that slow event-related responses are created as a direct consequence of amplitude modulations in ongoing brain oscillations. Asymmetric alpha activity may result from an asymmetry of the intracellular currents that propagate forward and backward down the dendrites. These dendritic currents in pyramidal cells are generally thought to generate EEG and MEG signals that can be measured at the scalp. Asymmetries in the dendritic current would then also results in asymmetries in oscillatory activity measured by EEG and MEG.
Phase resetting.
Another possibility is that input to a neuron or neuronal ensemble resets the phase of ongoing oscillations. Phase resetting is very common in single neurons where spike timing is adjusted to neuronal input. For instance, a neuron may start to spike at a fixed delay in response to periodic input, which is referred to as phase locking. Phase resetting may also occur at the level of neuronal ensembles when the phases of multiple neurons are adjusted simultaneously. Phase resetting of ongoing ensemble oscillations gives an alternative explanation for event-related potentials obtained by averaging multiple EEG trials with respect to the onset of a stimulus or event. That is, if the phase of ongoing oscillations is reset to a fixed phase over multiple trials, oscillations will no longer average out but add up to give rise to an event-related potential. Moreover, phase resetting or phase locking is also fundamental for the synchronization of different neurons or different brain regions. In this case the timing of spikes becomes phase locked to the activity of other neurons instead of to external input.
Additive response.
The term evoked activity is used in electroencephalography and magnetoencephalography for responses in brain activity that are directly related to stimulus-related activity. Evoked potentials and event-related potentials are obtained from the electroencephalogram by stimulus-locked averaging, i.e. averaging different trials at fixed latencies around the presentation of a stimulus. As a consequence, those signal components that are the same in each single measurement are conserved and all others, i.e. ongoing or spontaneous activity, are averaged out. That is, event-related potentials only reflect oscillations in brain activity that are phase-locked to the stimulus or event. Evoked activity is often considered to be independent from ongoing brain activity although this is an ongoing debate.
Function.
Neural synchronization can be modulated by task constraints, such as attention, and is thought to play a role in feature binding, neuronal communication, and motor coordination. Neuronal oscillations became a hot topic in neuroscience in the 1990s when the studies of the visual system of the brain by Gray, Singer and others appeared to support the neural binding hypothesis. According to this idea, synchronous oscillations in neuronal ensembles bind neurons representing different features of an object. For example, when a person looks at a tree, visual cortex neurons representing the tree trunk and those representing the branches of the same tree would oscillate in synchrony to form a single representation of the tree. This phenomenon is best seen in local field potentials which reflect the synchronous activity of local groups of neurons, but has also been shown in EEG and MEG recordings providing increasing evidence for a close relation between synchronous oscillatory activity and a variety of cognitive functions such as perceptual grouping.
Pacemaker.
Cells in the sinoatrial node, located in the right atrium of the heart, spontaneously depolarize approximately 100 times per minute. Although all of the heart's cells have the ability to generate action potentials that trigger cardiac contraction, the sinoatrial node normally initiates it, simply because it generates impulses slightly faster than the other areas. Hence, these cells generate the normal sinus rhythm and are called pacemaker cells as they directly control the heart rate. In the absence of extrinsic neural and hormonal control, cells in the SA node will rhythmically discharge. The sinoatrial node is richly innervated by the autonomic nervous system, which up or down regulates the spontaneous firing frequency of the pacemaker cells.
Central pattern generator.
Synchronized firing of neurons also forms the basis of periodic motor commands for rhythmic movements. These rhythmic outputs are produced by a group of interacting neurons that form a network, called a central pattern generator. Central pattern generators are neuronal circuits that - when activated - can produce rhythmic motor patterns in the absence of sensory or descending inputs that carry specific timing information. Examples are walking, breathing, and swimming, Most evidence for central pattern generators comes from lower animals, such as the lamprey, but there is also evidence for spinal central pattern generators in humans.
Information processing.
Neuronal spiking is generally considered the basis for information transfer in the brain. For such a transfer, information needs to be coded in a spiking pattern. Different types of coding schemes have been proposed, such as rate coding and temporal coding.
Perception.
Synchronization of neuronal firing may serve as a means to group spatially segregated neurons that respond to the same stimulus in order to bind these responses for further joint processing, i.e. to exploit temporal synchrony to encode relations. Purely theoretical formulations of the binding-by-synchrony hypothesis were proposed first, but subsequently extensive experimental evidence has been reported supporting the potential role of synchrony as a relational code.
The functional role of synchronized oscillatory activity in the brain was mainly established in experiments performed on awake kittens with multiple electrodes implanted in the visual cortex. These experiments showed that groups of spatially segregated neurons engage in synchronous oscillatory activity when activated by visual stimuli. The frequency of these oscillations was in the range of 40 Hz and differed from the periodic activation induced by the grating, suggesting that the oscillations and their synchronization were due to internal neuronal interactions. Similar findings were shown in parallel by the group of Eckhorn providing further evidence for the functional role of neural synchronization in feature binding. Since then numerous studies have replicated these findings and extended them to different modalities such as EEG, providing extensive evidence of the functional role of gamma oscillations in visual perception.
Gilles Laurent and colleagues showed that oscillatory synchronization has an important functional role in odor perception. Perceiving different odors leads to different subsets of neurons firing on different sets of oscillatory cycles. These oscillations can be disrupted by GABA blocker picrotoxin. The disruption of the oscillatory synchronization leads to impairment of behavioral discrimination of chemically similar odorants in bees and to more similar responses across odors in downstream β-lobe neurons.
Neural oscillations are also thought be involved in the sense of time and in somatosensory perception. However, recent findings argue against a clock-like function of cortical gamma oscillations.
Motor coordination.
Oscillations have been commonly reported in the motor system. Pfurtscheller and colleagues found a reduction in alpha (8–12 Hz) and beta (13–30 Hz) oscillations in EEG activity when subjects made a movement. Using intra-cortical recordings, similar changes in oscillatory activity were found in motor cortex when the monkeys performed motor acts that required significant attention. In addition, oscillations at spinal level become synchronised to beta oscillations in motor cortex during constant muscle activation, as determined by MEG/EEG-EMG coherence. Recently it was found that cortical oscillations propagate as travelling waves across the surface of the motor cortex along dominant spatial axes characteristic of the local circuitry of the motor cortex.
Oscillatory rhythms at 10 Hz have been recorded in a brain area called the inferior olive, which is associated with the cerebellum. These oscillations are also observed in motor output of physiological tremor and when performing slow finger movements. These findings may indicate that the human brain controls continuous movements intermittently. In support, it was shown that these movement discontinuities are directly correlated to oscillatory activity in a cerebello-thalamo-cortical loop, which may represent a neural mechanism for the intermittent motor control.
Memory.
Neural oscillations are extensively linked to memory function, in particular theta activity. Theta rhythms are very strong in rodent hippocampi and entorhinal cortex during learning and memory retrieval, and are believed to be vital to the induction of long-term potentiation, a potential cellular mechanism of learning and memory. The coupling between theta and gamma activity is thought to be vital for memory functions, including episodic memory, (memory of a particular episode). The tight coordination of spike timing of single neurons with the local theta oscillations is linked to successful memory formation in humans, as more stereotyped spiking predicts better memory.
Sleep and consciousness.
Sleep is a naturally recurring state characterized by reduced or absent consciousness and proceeds in cycles of rapid eye movement (REM) and non-rapid eye movement (NREM) sleep. The normal order of sleep stages is N1 → N2 → N3 → N2 → REM. Sleep stages are characterized by spectral content of EEG, for instance stage N1 refers to the transition of the brain from alpha waves (common in the awake state) to theta waves, whereas stage N3 (deep or slow-wave sleep) is characterized by the presence of delta waves.
Development.
Neural oscillations may play a role in neural development. For example, retinal waves are thought to have properties that define early connectivity of circuits and synapses between cells in the retina.
Pathology.
Specific types of neural oscillations may also appear in pathological situations, such as Parkinson's disease or epilepsy. Interestingly, these pathological oscillations often consist of an aberrant version of a normal oscillation. For example, one of the best known types is the spike and wave oscillation, which is typical of generalized or absence epileptic seizures, and which resembles normal sleep spindle oscillations.
Tremor.
A tremor is an involuntary, somewhat rhythmic, muscle contraction and relaxation involving to-and-fro movements of one or more body parts. It is the most common of all involuntary movements and can affect the hands, arms, eyes, face, head, vocal cords, trunk, and legs. Most tremors occur in the hands. In some people, tremor is a symptom of another neurological disorder. Many different forms of tremor have been identified, such as essential tremor or Parkinsonian tremor. It is argued that tremors are likely to be multifactorial in origin, with contributions from neural oscillations in the central nervous systems, but also from peripheral mechanisms such as reflex loop resonances.
Epilepsy.
Epilepsy is a common chronic neurological disorder characterized by seizures. These seizures are transient signs and/or symptoms of abnormal, excessive or hypersynchronous neuronal activity in the brain.
Applications.
Brain–computer interface.
Neural oscillations have been considered for use as a control signal for various brain–computer interfaces. A non-invasive BCI interface is created by placing electrodes on the scalp and then measuring the weak electric signals. Non-invasive BCI produces poor signal resolution because the skull dampens and blurs the electromagnetic signals. As a result, the activity of individual neurons can not be recovered, but oscillatory activity can still be reliably detected. In particular, some forms of BCI allow users to control a device by measuring the amplitude of oscillatory activity in specific frequency bands, including mu and beta rhythms.
Examples.
A non-inclusive list of types of oscillatory activity found in the central nervous system:

</doc>
<doc id="2860433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860433" title="PUSD">
PUSD

PUSD may refer to:

</doc>
