<doc id="2873683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873683" title="Newmarket Railway Station, New Zealand">
Newmarket Railway Station, New Zealand

Newmarket Railway Station is in Newmarket, Auckland, New Zealand on the Southern and Western Lines of the Auckland railway network. In Newmarket's busy commercial centre, it is the second-busiest station in Auckland, after Britomart.
In its historic configuration it had an island platform, reached by a ramp from Remuera Road (opposite Nuffield Street) and from the end of Joseph Banks Terrace by a pedestrian overbridge. In 2008 the station building and signalbox were removed and a new building and platforms constructed on the same site over the following two years. From January 2010 the new station catered for increased patronage of up to 17,000 passengers a day by 2016 and has more entrances. During the redevelopment two temporary stations served the area, both now demolished: Newmarket West (also called "Kingdon Street") and Newmarket South.
History.
Historical station.
The old building was one of four island platform stations in Auckland designed and built by George Troup, Chief Engineer for the New Zealand Railways Department. The station was built in 1908, at the time of the installation of double track. Before closure, the head of the Newmarket Business Association had compared the situation at the dilapidated station as akin to Whangamomona, a railway ghost town in Taranaki, adding to the calls for a redevelopment of the station.
Newmarket was also the site of Newmarket Workshops, which opened in 1878, and closed in 1927, when Otahuhu Workshops opened.
The signal box at the north end of the platform was built at the same time and was one of the few of that era on its original site and still in operation. It closed in early 2008 as part of project DART, being the last full-sized lever frame box on the national network.
The track layout of the former station, near Newmarket Junction (the junction of the Western and Southern Lines), forced some unusual movements. Trains from Britomart had to run past the junction to call at the station. There were two platforms in an island configuration, and all city-bound trains stopped at one platform, outwards trains stopping at the other. This was confusing as the outward-bound platform served both the Southern and Western Lines. This problem was solved by 'splitting' the platform into two: Southern Line trains stopped at the southern end of the platform, Western Line at the northern end. However the platform was short, so that this did not always resolve the confusion.
The above practice had become less prevalent following the higher frequency of the July 2007 timetable. From then trains used whichever platform was free, and trains could arrive without any indication of destination. Off-peak operations usually followed the traditional practice, but during the peak this was not practical. This led to problems of passenger confusion as to which train ran on which line.
During peak times Veolia staff were often present with megaphones to inform passengers of train destinations. The signal box was attended 24 hours per day and had control of all trains within the station and Junction.
For many years outbound Western Line trains reversed into a special siding, which then allowed them to enter the Western Line (to Waitakere). In July 2007 this reversing procedure ceased to be necessary, with the start of rebuilding as part of Project DART.
The fate of the historically and architecturally significant old station building is controversial, with various proposals having been put forward to demolish, refurbish, or relocate the building. Following the announcement on 14 March 2007 of the budget for the station's upgrade, Minister of Finance Michael Cullen announced that $5 million would be put towards moving the building, possibly to a new site in Parnell where it could serve as a station for the Auckland War Memorial Museum in the Auckland Domain. The station building and signal box were removed from the site on 3 March 2008 to an undisclosed storage location, as ONTRACK feared the buildings could be vandalised.
Redeveloped station.
Newmarket station was rebuilt for NZ$35 million as part of ONTRACKs Project DART. As well as modernising the facilities and appearance, the redevelopment improved connections between the station and the surrounding commercial and residential areas. The station now has a concourse level above the platforms, and entrances from a new square off Broadway, a 65m long covered bridge (capable of carrying emergency vehicles) off Remuera Road, and a pedestrian bridge from Joseph Banks Terrace, from the Remuera side.
The station retains the option of extending the concourse, with pedestrian entry off Broadway further north possible in the future. The current entrance off Broadway may also be widened, with Auckland Council considering demolishing two shops to widen the passage. Some criticism was made at the time of opening about the high step up into trains, which was considered necessary by the designers to allow freight trains to pass the platforms. Authorities noted that this was the same height as at other stations throughout the Auckland system with the exception of Britomart, which does not have freight trains passing. Authorities confirmed the vertical distance to step up to some train carriages would be up to 374 mm, but this would be reduced with new carriages specifically designed for the Auckland network, which are to be introduced with electrification.
Integral to the redevelopment was the requirement to reorganise the track layout. The new station has twin island platforms with three tracks. The outer faces of each platform serve Southern Line trains, and the inner faces on the centre track Western Line trains in both directions. The station cost an estimated NZ$25 million to redevelop (paid for by ARTA), and ONTRACK spent around NZ$45 million to change the layout. The project has been called the most challenging in the whole upgrade of Auckland's railway network.
Western Line trains reverse direction to leave the station, requiring the driver to get out and walk to the other end of the train and adding two to three minutes to each trip.
The new station has access points to the concourse above the platforms along a rebuilt bridge from Remuera Road (southern side) and via a bridge from Joseph Banks Terrace from the Remuera (eastern) side. Future accesses will be via a plaza between the new buildings that were erected during the late 2000s on former railway land between Broadway and Remuera Road (western side) and via a possible future access from the Broadway (northwest) side over an extended concourse to the north of the station, linking up with the main street over the existing tunnel south of the Olympic Pools area.
On April 27, 2014, Auckland's new AM class electric trains were debuted to the general public in a celebratory open day held at Britomart Transport Centre. As part of the day's events, 5000 Aucklanders were able to take a free ride on one of the new trains from Britomart, to Newmarket station and back. 
The electric trains officially entered public service on the rail network's Onehunga Line the following day. 
The station's lighting design engineer, Opus International Consultants, won three New Zealand IES Lighting design awards in 2010 for the lighting design: an Award of Excellence, Award of Commendation and the Trends People's Choice Award for the innovative LED lantern box design on Remuera Road.
The station and its architects, Opus and Herriot + Melhuish:Architecture, won best building award in the "Urban Design" category in 2011, awarded by the New Zealand Institute of Architects.
Temporary stations.
During the station redevelopment two temporary stations were built: "Newmarket West" (also called "Kingdon Street") on the Western Line and "Newmarket South", which is approximately 200m from the original station along the Southern Line. Both stations were demolished in December 2009/January 2010 just prior to the reopening of Newmarket station in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2873695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873695" title="Gold Reserve">
Gold Reserve

Gold Reserve Inc. (, ) is a gold mining company with operations and mining property in Bolivar State, Venezuela. 
Founded in 1956, Gold Reserve Inc. is now headquartered in Spokane, Washington. The company has about ten employees at its Washington office and about 55 in Venezuela. Of these 55, approximately 33 are located at the Brisas project site near the small community of Las Claritas.

</doc>
<doc id="2873701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873701" title="Wakabayashi-ku, Sendai">
Wakabayashi-ku, Sendai

As of 2005, the ward has an estimated population of 130,478 and the population density of 2609.56 persons per km². The total area is 50 km². In the aftermath of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, the area was severely damaged, especially in Arahama district, where almost all 2,700 houses were destroyed and swept away by tsunamis.

</doc>
<doc id="2873703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873703" title="Enrico Mizzi">
Enrico Mizzi

Enrico "Nerik" Mizzi (20 September 1885 – 20 December 1950) was a Maltese politician, leader of the Maltese Nationalist Party and briefly Prime Minister of Malta.
Life.
Mizzi was born on 20 September 1885 in Valletta, Malta. He was the son of Fortunato Mizzi and Maria Sofia Folliero de Luna. In 1906 he graduated in literature and science at the Royal University of Malta. He studied law at La Sapienza in Rome and at the university of Urbino, where in 1911 he received a doctorate in law. In 1926 he married Bice Vassallo; they had one son, Fortunato Mizzi.
Politics.
After the 1950 elections Mizzi was appointed Prime Minister in a hung parliament. He died in Valletta three months later and had a state funeral. To date, he is the only Maltese prime minister to have died in office.
Legacy.
Mizzi is remembered by the Maltese as a contributing force in the Maltese national and European identity.
A foundation, to promote and better appreciate his life and works and that of his father Fortunato, was founded in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2873704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873704" title="Remuera Railway Station">
Remuera Railway Station

Remuera Railway Station is located on the Southern Line of the Auckland Railway Network, which is double track. It has an island platform layout and can be reached from a ramp on the Market Road motorway overbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="2873710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873710" title="Mount Brydges Farm and Garden">
Mount Brydges Farm and Garden

Built in the late 1920s, Mount Brydges Farm & Garden, situated in the small rural town of Mount Brydges, Ontario, was one of the historical centres of the area. During the Second World War, the mill served as a storage centre for concrete - a highly sought-after resource at the time.
Mount Brydges Farm & Garden suffered a devastating fire, but recovered, in the 1930s. It burned down completely on October 9, 2005 at approximately 1:00 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="2873712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873712" title="Jim Burke">
Jim Burke

Jim Burke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2873717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873717" title="Ballarat, California">
Ballarat, California

Ballarat is an unincorporated community in Inyo County, California. It lies at an elevation of 1079 feet (329 m).
Today, Ballarat is a virtual ghost town. It was founded in 1896 as a supply point for the mines in the canyons of the Panamint Range. A quarter-mile to the south is Post Office Springs, a reliable water source used since the 1850s by prospectors and desert wanderers. George Riggins, a young immigrant from Australia, gave Ballarat its name when he proposed it should be named for Ballarat, Victoria, in the heart of Australia's gold country.
History.
The town was founded in 1897. In its heyday—from 1897 to 1905—Ballarat had 400 to 500 residents. It hosted seven saloons, three hotels, a Wells Fargo station, post office (that opened in 1897), school, a jail and morgue, but no churches. Ballarat was a place for miners and prospectors in the area to resupply and relax.
The town began its decline when the Ratcliff Mine, in Pleasant Canyon east of town, suspended operations. Other mines nearby also began to play out, and in 1917 the post office closed and all that remained were a few diehard prospectors and desert rats.
In the 1960s, Charles Manson and the "Manson Family" of killers moved into a ranch south of Ballarat, and left graffiti in the town. The 1969 movie "Easy Rider" has a scene filmed in Ballarat; after arriving in the town, Peter Fonda's character, Wyatt, removes his Rolex watch and throws it away before he and Dennis Hopper's character, Billy, head east on their motorcycles towards New Orleans.
On Easter weekend, 1971, about two thousand people attended a "hippy" celebration at Ballarat. About two hundred contracted hepatitis (A) from contaminated drinking water.
Today.
Today, Ballarat has one full-time resident. As of June 2013 Rocky Novak and his dogs, Potlicker and Brownie, live in the town. Rocky runs the general store on afternoons and weekends to supply tourists, and is working on repairing the water pipes that supply the town, for which he is paid by the government. Every summer, a woman named June and her son move into the former jailhouse/morgue.
Ballarat is used as a meeting point for four-wheel-drive expeditions into the Panamint Range and Death Valley, and in winter up to 300 people camp in the grounds of the town. The town was recently used as a set to tell the story of the Ballarat Bandit. Ballarat also featured in an episode of Top Gear USA.
The town has a ZIP Code of 93562, and is inside area code 760.
Ballarat in fiction.
Ballarat has featured in Western fiction including "Hellbound for Ballarat" (1970) by Nelson C. Nye and "Bounty Hunt at Ballarat" (1973) by Clayton Matthews.

</doc>
<doc id="2873720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873720" title="Indigenous peoples of Australia">
Indigenous peoples of Australia

There are several hundred Indigenous peoples of Australia; many are groupings that existed before the British colonisation of Australia in 1788. Before Anglo-Europeans, the number was over 400.
Indigenous or groups will generally talk of their "people" (sometimes their "mob") and their "country". These countries [http://www.aiatsis.gov.au/aboriginal_studies_press/aboriginal_wall_map/map_page] are ethnographic areas, usually the size of an average European country, with around 200 on the Australian continent at the time of European arrival.
Within each country, people lived in clan groups: extended families defined by various forms of Australian Aboriginal kinship. Inter-clan contact was common, as was inter-country contact, but there were strict protocols around this contact.
The largest Sovereign Original language group people today are the "Anangu Pitjantjatjara" who live in the area around Uluru (Ayers Rock) and south into the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. The second largest Aboriginal community are the "Arrernte" people who live in and around "Mparntwe" (Alice Springs). The third largest are the Anangu "Luritja", who live in the lands between the two largest just mentioned. The Aboriginal languages and dialects with the largest number of speakers today are the Pitjantjatjara, Warlpiri and Arrernte.

</doc>
<doc id="2873721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873721" title="Brachiator">
Brachiator

Brachiators are a type of primate mostly from the family Hylobatidae, which includes gibbons. Brachiators use their arms to move from tree branch to tree branch, through a process called brachiation. Their arms are longer than their legs, and are much more powerful.
Evolution.
Brachiators began as four-footed monkey-like creatures in the Tertiary Era in Africa and Northern Europe. Eventually, some of the monkeys began to use their arms to swing, and lost their tails, due to evolution. Without a tail, they ceased to be monkeys, and became apes with strong arms. Through the ages, the ape-like ancestors developed stronger arms and the shoulder blades moved from the side of their chests to the back of their bodies. 
Most of these brachaiators were smaller than average apes, so were able to move through the trees easier than gorillas or orangutans, although female orangutans do brachiate through the trees occasionally. The brachiators held their bodies upright in the trees, and would sometimes go on the ground and walk upright. This helped them survive in the plains when the forests began to die, because they were so unfamiliar to the predators that they would not be attacked.
Physical features.
Brachiators have:

</doc>
<doc id="2873728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873728" title="Dougie Marillier">
Dougie Marillier

Douglas Anthony "Dougie" Marillier (born 24 June 1978) is a former Zimbabwean cricketer.
He is a right hand batsman known for his unorthodox technique and a right arm offspin bowler. One of earliest popularizers of the "scoop" stroke which is designed to sail over fine-leg, he has a one-day top score of 100, achieved in Sharjah against Kenya in April 2003. He is credited as the inventor of the Marillier shot, in which the batsman extends the bat as a ramp in front of him and flicks the ball over his shoulder to fine leg. It is sometimes referred to as the Marillier.
Early life.
Marillier was born in Salisbury (present-day Harare). His father was a policeman and played cricket for the Harare Police Club and the provincial team. Marillier first played cricket at North Park Primary School, and in his third year he started to play in the Colts side, with boys three years older than he was. His elder brother, Eian, played as a wicket-keeper in a few first-class matches in Zimbabwe and in the UK. Their younger brother, Stephan James Marillier, currently plays for Southern Rocks in Zimbabwean franchise cricket.
Marillier attended Eaglesvale Secondary School in Harare and quickly became a key figure for the cricket team there, although the team was a weak one. When he was 16, Marillier played for Mashonaland U19s for the first time. Unfortunately he was confined to a wheelchair for three months after breaking both legs in a car accident and his prospects of playing cricket again seemed grim. After recovering, he returned to playing cricket.
Career.
Marillier toured England with the Zimbabwe U19 team in 1996 and set a then world record partnership of 268 for the first wicket with his friend Mark Vermeulen When Marillier got back from that tour he started playing league cricket, and his good form there led to his selection for Zimbabwe B. He did not play for a while but when he did he played very well, hitting 108 against Border B. In 1998 he played for Kenilworth in England, hitting 1207 runs in 98, followed by 1218 in 1999.
Marillier applied for and was accepted by the CFX Academy in 1999 and the following year he was accepted into the Australian Cricket Academy. When he returned Marillier hit a hundred for the Academy against the New Zealanders in a one-day warm-up game, and this led to his selection for the full national side for the ODI series.
Marillier made his debut in place of Craig Wishart in the second match. The first ball he faced was on his legs and so he flicked it away for three, which settled him. He put on 83 for the first wicket with Alistair Campbell before pulling a long hop to midwicket for 27. Their stand was a major reason why Zimbabwe won the match. In the third game he scored 47, in a partnership of 97 with Campbell.
Zimbabwe next travelled to Nairobi for the International Cricket Council Knockout Competition, but unfortunately the team had already been selected, so Marillier was unable to go. He was naturally a member of the following overseas trip, the extended tour of Sharjah, India, New Zealand and Australia. Opening the batting in five One Day Internationals, his highest score was only 11, but the tour selectors persevered with him, putting him down to number seven, where he scored 38 against India. He also made his Test debut against New Zealand, scoring 28.
His lack of consistency meant that he did not play in the triangular tournament in Australia, which also included West Indies, until the final match. He could hardly have had a more testing experience, as a fine Zimbabwe batting performance after Australia scored over 300 meant that he came in at number seven needing to score 15 in the final over, bowled by Glenn McGrath, to win the match.
He moved across to the first and third balls he received from McGrath and flicked them over his shoulder to fine leg for boundaries, reviving hopes of an incredible Zimbabwe victory. But he was just unable to complete the job, and his team lost by one run. His two courageous and unorthodox boundary strokes did win him respect, with the shot becoming known as the Marillier shot.
Back in Zimbabwe, he did well in the Logan Cup, captaining the Midlands team and scoring two centuries to average 55. However, this was down the order, as he decided his technique was not tight enough for him to open the innings. Despite his domestic success, he failed to keep his place against Bangladesh, and decided to take up a club appointment in England rather than stay at home and hope for selection against India and West Indies. He might have had a match or two, in fact, as Zimbabwe suffered from injuries, and had he been available he might have played in the final Test against the West Indies instead of Hamilton Masakadza, who hit a century on debut.
He won back his place in the one-day side against England, but failed again with the bat; it was surprisingly his bowling that kept him in the team, after he took four wickets for 38 against England at Bulawayo and continued thereafter to bowl his flighted off-breaks usefully. After scoring 19 runs in five innings, two of them opening, he broke through with 52 not out at number six against Sri Lanka in Sharjah, followed by 37 in Pakistan.
Marillier continued to do reasonably well for the national side. In 2002 he "Marilliered" Zimbabwe to a famous win in India in an ODI with a 56* at the death, although this time he used the shot against Anil Kumble. He made the side for the World Cup but did not do well. After the World Cup however he had an excellent tournament in Sharjah, taking wickets as well as scoring 100 against Kenya, his first international hundred, as an opener.
In England however Marillier had a bad form slump and lost his place, although his tight bowling in tandem with Ray Price was a key factor in Zimbabwe's only ODI win, over England at Bristol. He did not play for the national side again, with first Wishart then Barney Rogers preferred to him as opener. Just before the rebellion Marillier announced his retirement from cricket. However he has since return in action in domestic cricket.
Marillier's international stats do not do him justice really; he averages 31 in Tests with two fifties, although it has to be said both came against Bangladesh, and in ODIs his batting average is only 18 (but he can be a match winner on his day) and 41 with the ball, with 30 wickets. In first-class cricket Marillier averages 37 with 6 hundreds and 13 fifties. With the ball he averages 37 with 46 wickets. In Domestic One-day cricket his batting average is 25, 3 hundreds 9 fifties and 40 with the ball taking 56 wickets.
Marillier's last domestic commitment was for Zimbabwe A against Pakistan A in 2005. After that he did not play any official cricket. He is currently working in the Real Estate in Zimbabwe and also play some social cricket there. In 2009, he turned out for 'Red Lions' in the Zimbabwean Winter Premier Cricket League and it was believed that he was a player to return through franchise system. But after the introduction of franchise cricket in Zimbabwe, that does not seem to be the case for him along with another former Zimbabwean player Campbell MacMillan.

</doc>
<doc id="2873731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873731" title="Greenlane Railway Station">
Greenlane Railway Station

Greenlane Railway Station is on the Southern Line of the Auckland railway network. It has an island platform and is reached via a ramp from Green Lane East.
It is the nearest station to Ellerslie Racecourse and Greenlane Hospital and showgrounds. The station is served by bus route 007, which runs from St Heliers to Point Chevalier via Glen Innes and St Lukes. Early in the morning of 2 December 2007 a suspicious fire destroyed a derelict shed adjacent to the station - contrary to media reports at the time, it was not the station's goods shed.

</doc>
<doc id="2873733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873733" title="Tatiana von Fürstenberg">
Tatiana von Fürstenberg

Tatiana Desirée Prinzessin zu Fürstenberg or Princess Tatiana Desirée zu Fürstenberg (born February 16, 1971)) is an American rock singer and filmmaker - and daughter of fashion designers Diane von Fürstenberg (née Halfin) and Egon von Fürstenberg. Her mother is from a Jewish family from Romania and Greece; and her father is half German and half Italian being the son of the German Prince Tassilo zu Fürstenberg of the House of Fürstenberg and his Italian first wife, Clara Agnelli, the elder sister of Fiat's chairman, Gianni Agnelli.

</doc>
<doc id="2873737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873737" title="Fdformat">
Fdformat

Fdformat is the name of two unrelated programs:

</doc>
<doc id="2873738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873738" title="Land of a Million Elephants">
Land of a Million Elephants

Land of a Million Elephants may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2873746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873746" title="Ellerslie Railway Station">
Ellerslie Railway Station

Ellerslie Railway Station is on the Southern Line of the Auckland railway network. It has an island platform.
Access to Station.
Access to the station at the northern end is by a ramp down from the footbridge crossing the SH1 Southern Motorway between Main Highway, Ellerslie and Kalmia Street. At the southern end of the station there is an underpass between Findlay Street and Sultan Street.
History.
In December 1873 a railway line between Auckland and Onehunga via Newmarket, Ellerslie and Penrose was opened with great public celebration. The line through Ellerslie subsequently became part of the North Island Main Trunk and later the North Auckland Line, with the branch line from Penrose to Onehunga becoming the Onehunga Branch. The station at Ellerslie was initially between the railway bridges, with the main road running directly through the village and intersecting the line at a level crossing. By 1874 residents became concerned at a number of accidents that had occurred at the crossing and successfully lobbied for relocation of the station to the opposite side of the road, requiring realignment of the road to its present route. The railway encouraged suburban settlement and allowed a daily delivery of letters to the station until the opening of a post office in 1911 and also provided a telegraph office.
From its opening the station was extremely busy with passengers and goods travelling to the port of Onehunga, visitors to the racecourse and gardens, and racehorses travelling from around New Zealand to compete at Ellerslie racecourse. Four or five sidings were constructed specifically for horse boxes and hundreds of residents often gathered to witness their arrival and unloading. The station has had a variety of footbridges, one of which was involved in a 1943 derailment where the train's engine caused the bridge to collapse after striking the supports.
Train traffic increased considerably with industrial development, and between 1950 and 1959, when William Durbridge was appointed stationmaster, up to ten staff members were permanently employed. In November 1959 a new station with modern loading facilities was opened at Tamaki and Durbridge was subsequently transferred, Ellerslie becoming passenger-only.
In 1960 the sidings were torn up to provide space for the Southern Motorway. The old station was severely damaged by fire in the early 1970s and was demolished in 1972. A shelter was then built and this was in turn replaced by smaller shelters in the mid-1990s. A new station similar to those elsewhere on the Auckland suburban system was opened in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2873747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873747" title="Klára Dobrev">
Klára Dobrev

Klára Dobrev (born February 2, 1972) is the wife of former Hungarian Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsány. She was born in Sofia, Bulgaria to a Hungarian mother, Piroska Apró, and a Bulgarian father, Petar Dobrev. Her maternal grandfather, Antal Apró, was Hungary's Minister of Industry in the 1950s–60s.
Dobrev holds a degree in economics from the Budapest University of Economics, and a Law degree from the Eötvös Loránd University of Arts and Sciences. During her years at the University of Economics she was a member of AIESEC, and at the organization's 1992 world conference she was the animator board's vice president responsible for public relations. Dobrev spent her internship at MODI XEROX as a marketing assistant at Bangalore, India.
She has held several government positions in the past, including Chief Cabinet to Péter Medgyessy during the 2001–2002 election, and Vice-President of the Office for the National Development Plan and EU Support, where she served from 2002 until her husband's nomination for Prime Minister in 2004 when she resigned. 
She is a senior lecturer at Eötvös Loránd University.

</doc>
<doc id="2873749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873749" title="Sullivan Mine">
Sullivan Mine

The Sullivan Mine was an underground conventional–mechanized mine located in Kimberley, British Columbia, Canada; it has a complex, sediment-hosted orebody, made up primarily of zinc, lead, and iron sulfides. Lead, zinc, silver and tin were the economic metals produced.
The deposit was discovered in 1892 and acquired in 1909 by the CPR-owned Consolidated Mining and Smelting Company of Canada (later Cominco Ltd. and Teck Cominco). The mine's economic success resulted largely from Sullivan's 1916 development of the differential flotation process that allowed separate recovery of lead and zinc concentrates in the milling process. This technology, developed by Trail operations at Sullivan, has been used worldwide for various types of ore bodies. In its lifetime, the mine produced ore containing over 17 million tons of zinc and lead and more than of silver, which were together worth more than $20 billion. After 92 years of active production, the Sullivan Mine was closed in 2001. Since then Teck Cominco has been undergoing an extensive decommissioning and reclamation process at the site.
Mining operations and accidents.
Conventional mining.
"Conventional mining" referred to the original part of operations of the Sullivan Mine, where miners drilled and moved ore by hand and with small equipment. The ore was then shipped via an extensive narrow gauge underground rail system which led to the surface and then on to the Marysville concentrator. At one time there were more than of rail underground. Conventional tunnels were standard square. There was also a rail man-carrier that brought men in and out of the mine, descending on a sled full of chairs at a 60 degree bank. The railway system went everywhere underground, and ore was sent by rail to crushing chambers. The Sullivan mine had three such chambers where ore was initially crushed in order to begin to process it into its separate components, and debris was separated from the crushed ore. These impressive chambers were belt driven and had well-lit stations were men would monitor and maintain the process and machinery. There were two main crushers, and the third was smaller. Much of the railroad track and equipment is now used at the nearby Kimberley's Underground Mining Railway attraction.
Many accidents causing injury and death occurred on the conventional side. "Hot Muck", a rare occurrence of ore with high concentrations of sulfur, would glow red and white and release amazing amounts of heat and gas when exposed to air. Miners at that time had to wear special protective suits while they processed this ore.
Mechanized mining.
"Mechanized mining" refers to using heavy equipment to speed up the mining process. The first attempt at a mechanized tunnel was around 1975. Referred to as '4250' (level) was collared and connected to the conventional rail drift in 1976. Much of the area was widened, tracks taken out, and a junction was created at 3900 level with three separate tunnels. One tunnel went to a massive repair facility '#7' and garage for servicing underground equipment. In 1979 #1 tunnel, which became the main tunnel, was collared and a new drift created at 4800 level to recover silver at the top of the mine. Heavy equipment including jumbos, various air or electric scoop trams in configurations, rockbolt jumbos, giraffes, shotcrete machines, hyabs, mancarriers, dozers, graders, and jeeps were used. Rockbreakers, downhole drills, fan drills, long hole drills, and TNT drills were some of the equipment used to drill for blasting tunnel faces. As the mining for ore pillars continued, most shops were moved above ground for safety.
There was a small open pit facility at the top of the mine that was used for the extraction of iron that was shipped to Vancouver. There was a Comico steel plant on site, right next to the fertilizer plant. It was in operation until the boiler blew and killed some workers there. It was decided to cease steel production and farm out that part of operations. The remnants of the Cominco steel plant was then destroyed.
With one exception, mechanized mining never mined in virgin territory. Conventional mining created huge pillars as miners extracted ore and left massive supports to hold up the ceilings of the drifts. Mechanized miners had the responsibility of removing such pillars, also full of ore, until none remained.
The exception to never mining in virgin territory came with the South East Fringe. 2600 level was the last of the original ore body recovered. After this, decommissioned equipment could be purchased by companies or for personal use and a two-year process of decommissioning the mine and making it as environmentally and structurally safe as possible began. The pumps and fans were turned off and the mine flooded. It was the end of a more-than-100-year era for a very special mining facility. Rarely is an ore body rich enough to support such a large operation for so many years. This mine was the primary employer for the residents of the City of Kimberley perched on top of all of these tunnels.
Exploration.
As of December 2008, Abitibi Mining Corporation (ABB: TSXV) is exploring a large ore body along the Sullivan vein in the Nelson Mining District of the East Kootenay mountains. The company, with its partners, are currently drilling the Sullivan horizon and Sullivan sub-basin.
Decommissed mine accident.
On May 17, 2006, it was announced that four people died in an accident at the decommissioned mine. Douglas Erickson, a contractor who was doing routine water sampling, was overcome by lack of oxygen. Two days later, after being reported missing, he was found by Teck Cominco employee Robert Newcombe, who was able to dial 9-1-1 before also succumbing to the oxygen depleted atmosphere. The two paramedics that responded, Kim Weitzel and Shawn Currier, also died in the oxygen-deprived atmosphere of the shed. The bodies were recovered by firefighters equipped with oxygen masks. It was not any kind of poisoning which the victims succumbed to, but suffocation in an environment completely devoid of oxygen, in an archetypal confined space accident.

</doc>
<doc id="2873758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873758" title="Penrose Railway Station">
Penrose Railway Station

Penrose Station is a railway station in Penrose, Auckland City, on the Southern Line of the Auckland railway network, New Zealand. It has an island platform and is reached by an over bridge from Station Road and Great South Road. It still has its original wooden station building on the platform. There is also an additional platform serving the Onehunga Line along Station Road. Passengers transferring between Southern Line and Onehunga Line services must use the over bridge to continue their journey.
In April 2011, the island platform was lengthened to accommodate longer suburban passenger trains, by raising the height of the platform around the old station building. On April 28, 2011, passenger trains started to stop under the station building shelter for the first time since 1993.
Penrose station is near Mt Smart Stadium, a major sports stadium.
Penrose is at the junction of the Onehunga Branch line with the North Auckland Line.

</doc>
<doc id="2873765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873765" title="Fernando Bujones">
Fernando Bujones

Fernando Bujones (March 9, 1955 – November 10, 2005) was an American danseur.
Born in Miami, Florida to Cuban parents, Bujones is regarded as one of the finest male dancers of the 20th century and hailed as one of the greatest American male dancers of his generation.
Bujones' first formal ballet classes were in Alicia Alonso's Cuban National Ballet school for about a year and a half. In 1967 he won a scholarship to the School of American Ballet, the official school of the New York City Ballet Company. He studied there for about five years; his teachers were some of the world’s premier ballet instructors, such as Stanley Williams, André Eglevsky, and Zeida Cecilia Mendez, his private coach.
In 1974, Bujones became the first American male dancer to win the Gold Medal at the International Ballet Competition in Varna, Bulgaria, where he was also cited for “highest technical achievement.”
He joined the American Ballet Theatre, one of the world's preeminent dance companies, in 1972. By the following year he became a soloist, and in 1974 a Principal Dancer where, at 19, he was not only one of the youngest principal dancers in the world, but the youngest principal male dancer in ABT's history. It was during that period that Mikhail Baryshnikov defected from the Soviet Union and joined ABT in 1974. They worked together as dancers for six years, after which Bujones worked under Baryshnikov's artistic direction.
Throughout his 30 year dancing career he performed as a guest artist in 34 countries and with more than 60 companies including such well known ones as American Ballet Theatre, the Royal Ballet, Stuttgart Ballet, the Paris Opera, the Royal Danish Ballet, La Scala of Milan, the Vienna State Opera Ballet, the Australian Ballet, the National Ballet of Canada, and Boston Ballet. He partnered many of the 20th century's celebrated ballerinas such as Dame Margot Fonteyn, Natalia Makarova, Carla Fracci, Cynthia Gregory, Marcia Haydée, Gelsey Kirkland, and Marianna Tcherkassky. [http://www.dance.tcu.edu/bujones.html]
Just before his death, Bujones completed his autobiography, which was released in 2009 by his long-time coach Zeida Cecilia Mendez. "Fernando Bujones: An Autobiography" has been described by Dance Europe as "a great read"; "Fernando's story reads as a movie script on the theme of the American Dream!"
Bujones died of malignant melanoma at age 50. He was buried at Caballero Rivero Woodlawn North Park Cemetery and Mausoleum in Miami.

</doc>
<doc id="2873767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873767" title="Southdown Railway Station">
Southdown Railway Station

Services were withdrawn by the Auckland Regional Transport Authority (ARTA) on 30 May 2004 due to low patronage and safety reasons. In the years immediately preceding its closure, patronage had increased on Auckland suburban trains but Southdown had not followed the trend and passenger usage of the station had declined to only approximately forty people per weekday. Safety concerns were raised due to the poor state of the footbridge used to access the platform, and the fact that to access the footbridge, passengers had to cross an unprotected freight siding.

</doc>
<doc id="2873769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873769" title="Fantastic Factory">
Fantastic Factory

Fantastic Factory is a label under Barcelona film company Filmax.
History.
It was created by Julio Fernández and Brian Yuzna. Yuzna's goal for Fantastic Factory is produce "modestly budgeted genre (horror, sci-fi, fantasy) films for the international market (shot in English language) using genre talent from all around the world and to develop local talent." 

</doc>
<doc id="2873772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873772" title="Levada">
Levada

A levada (Portuguese for "led") is an irrigation channel or aqueduct specific to the island of Madeira.
History.
The levadas originated out of the necessity of bringing large amounts of water from the west and northwest of the island to the drier southeast, which is more conducive to habitation and agriculture, such as sugar cane production. In the sixteenth century the Portuguese started building levadas to carry water to the agricultural regions. The most recent were made in the 1940s. Madeira is very mountainous, and building the levadas was often difficult. Many are cut into the sides of mountains, and it was also necessary to dig of tunnels.
Levadas today.
Today the levadas not only supply water to the southern parts of the island, they also provide hydro-electric power. There are more than of levadas and they provide a remarkable network of walking paths. Some provide easy and relaxing walks through beautiful countryside, but others are narrow, crumbling ledges where a slip could result in serious injury or death.
A popular levada to hike is the "Levada do Caldeirão Verde" which continues as the "Levada Caldeirão do Inferno". Altogether it is about long. Along both parts there are long sections which may cause hikers to suffer vertigo; and several tunnels for which flashlights and helmets are essential. The "Levada do Caniçal" is a much easier walk. This levada runs from Maroços to the "Caniçal Tunnel". It is known as the "mimosa levada" because acacias (commonly misnamed mimosas) are found all along the route.
The Canary island of La Palma also has a network of visitable water tunnels.

</doc>
<doc id="2873779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873779" title="Blood-Rooted">
Blood-Rooted

Blood-Rooted is an album by Sepultura, released on June 3, 1997. It was a collection of unreleased tracks, b-sides, remixes, and live recordings. It was also the last officially recognised Sepultura album featuring original singer Max Cavalera, who left in December 1996 amid a dispute regarding the band's management. Cavalera was replaced by American singer Derrick Green in 1997.
Tracks 1-6 and 11 are cover songs.
Track listing.
All tracks by Sepultura except covers

</doc>
<doc id="2873780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873780" title="Westmoreland Davis">
Westmoreland Davis

Westmoreland "Morley" Davis (August 21, 1859 – September 7, 1942) a lawyer, farmer, and the 48th Governor of Virginia, serving from February 1, 1918 to February 1, 1922.
Biography.
Davis was born to a wealthy and prominent family on August 21, 1859. He was born on a boat in the Atlantic Ocean. The Davis family lost much of its wealth during the American Civil War. Davis and his mother, left a widow, struggled financially after the war, but he was able to attend the Virginia Military Institute on a scholarship. He was the youngest Cadet to ever attend at the age of 14. After graduating in 1877, he taught for 2 years then went to work as a clerk for the railroad company. Later, he "completed a year of post-graduate study at the University of Virginia in 1883," and studied at Columbia Law School from 1884 until graduating in 1886. He joined an elite New York City law firm and became wealthy.
In 1903, Davis purchased Morven Park where he planned to take up farming despite his lack of experience. Davis advocated reform in farming, especially the use of science to improve productivity and sanitation. In 1912, he bought the magazine "Southern Planter", one of the most popular magazines in the South. He used his position to advocate his ideas on farming and for political aid to farmers.
Virginia elected Davis governor in 1917 on a "wet," or anti-Prohibition, platform. As governor, Davis sent increased funding to Virginia's colleges and universities. He also pressed for aid to farmers and funding for scientific farming research. In general, he reformed and modernized the Virginia government. While governor, he was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention of 1920.
Davis died on September 7, 1942, in a Baltimore hospital and was buried at Morven Park. His executive papers from his time as Governor of Virginia can be found at the Library of Virginia. 
Election.
1917; Davis was elected Governor of Virginia with 71.47% of the vote, defeating Republican Thomas J. Muncy and Socialist Frank Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="2873785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873785" title="MTR Bus">
MTR Bus

The MTR Corporation "(MTRC)" is a Hong Kong railway company which also operates the MTR Bus (Northwest New Territories) and MTR Feeder Bus (previously known as KCR Feeder Bus) routes in order to complement its rail systems. Currently, MTRC operates 17 bus routes.
Feeder bus.
A feeder bus is a bus service that picks up and delivers passengers to a rail rapid transit station or express-bus stop or terminal.
Operation.
MTRC provides feeder bus services for the convenience of passengers using MTR rail networks. The routes provide access to and between many MTR stations for thousands of passengers everyday. The MTRC's integrated fare system also allows East Rail Line, West Rail Line and Light Rail passengers who use Octopus cards to enjoy the free feeder bus services that link many housing estates to East Rail Line, West Rail Line stations and Light Rail stops.
The Corporation operates a total of 13 routes, including West Rail Line and Light Rail feeder bus services, as well as an additional 4 East Rail Line feeder routes between Tai Po Market Station operated under Kowloon Motor Bus's franchise.
Fleet.
The MTR Bus fleet comprises 143 buses, which provide service for 19 hours every day.
The current fleets are all air-conditioned. They include:
Between 2002 and 2003, KCRC hired 8 buses from Citybus, and 35 from New World First Bus between 2003 and 2004, for rail replacement services due to the suspension of Light Rail routes 505 and 506. In late 2004, KCRC acquired 53 Dennis Tridents from New World First Bus.

</doc>
<doc id="2873787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873787" title="Theodore Roosevelt Wilderness">
Theodore Roosevelt Wilderness

Theodore Roosevelt Wilderness is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota. Created by an act of Congress in 1978, the wilderness covers an area of 29,920 acres (121 km2) and comprises over a third of the entire area of Theodore Roosevelt National Park both of which are managed by the National Park Service. There are two geographically separated sections of wilderness, one in each of the units of the National Park. The northern section covers most of the North Unit of the park, in McKenzie County, whereas the somewhat smaller southern section covers only the western portion of the larger South Unit, in Billings County. The southern section is located at .
The wilderness protects from development the wildest sections of the National Park, an area described as badlands where erosional forces have carved steep cliffs into the relatively flat prairie. Bison, pronghorn, elk, mule deer and coyote are all found here, along with hundreds of species of birds such as the bald eagle, falcon and hawk. The wilderness is separated into two sections along with the park, a north and a south unit, by a distance of . The Little Missouri River is on the south side of both units and is credited for being the primary erosional source which created the badlands topography.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles. Although camping and fishing are usually allowed with a proper permit, no roads or buildings are constructed and there is also no logging or mining, in compliance with the 1964 Wilderness Act. Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season.

</doc>
<doc id="2873807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873807" title="Honda H Engine">
Honda H Engine

The Honda H engine was Honda's high-performance engine family from the 1990s and early 2000s. It is largely derived from the Honda F engine with which it shares many design features. Like Honda's other 4-cylinder families of the 80s and 90s, it was replaced by the Honda K engine although it was actually more of a replacement to the Honda B engine. It has also enjoyed some success as a racing engine, forming the basis of Honda's Touring car racing engines for many years, and being installed in lightweight chassis (such as the Honda CRX) for use in drag racing. The F20B, though technically coded part of the F-series family of engines, was basically a destroked version of the H22A. It was developed for Honda to be able to enter into the 2-liter class in racing.
H-Series consisted of two different displacements; H22 (2.2L) and H23 (2.3L). Both versions were using the same short block; different crankshafts and connecting rods were utilized to achieve displacement variation.
DOHC engines.
H22.
The H22 debuted in the U.S. in 1993 as the H22A1 for use in the Honda Prelude VTEC. Since then, versions of the H22 would become the Prelude's signature high-performance engine worldwide until the end of Prelude production in 2001. Variations were also used in the SiR Accords in Japan and Europe. In 1994, Honda of Europe used the H22A cylinder head and the H22A engine block as the Formula 3 engine which was an H22A engine destroked from 2.2 liters to 2.0 liters (F3-2000cc) to compete in the European F3 series. It was then used by Mugen Motorsports as the F20B (MF204B) from 1997-2001. In 1995-1997, Honda of Europe used the same H22A-based F3 engine in the British Touring Car Championship (BTCC) Honda Accord. Also, in 1996-1997 Honda of Japan used the same H22A-based F3 engine in the Japan Touring Car Championship (JTCC) Honda Accord and won the JTCC for both years. Honda of Europe hired Neil Brown Engineering of England to convert the H22A engine to an F3 engine which would be later used in BTCC and JTCC.
Specifications"
H22A
H22A1
H22A2
H22A3
H22A4
H22A5
H22A7
H22A8
H22Z1
H23.
The H23 was an increased-stroke, non-VTEC version of the H22, used in Japan, North America, and Europe. It shared the same Fiber Reinforced Metal (FRM) cylinder wall liners with the H22.
Specifications
H23A
H23A1
H23A2
H23A3
H23A DOHC VTEC
In 1998, Honda of Japan produced a rare DOHC VTEC version of the H23A engine for use in Japan only. It has been factory modified with an internal oil passage in the H23A block to operate the VTEC solenoid in the H22A head. Having the same horsepower rating as the H22A engine but it has a lower redline because it has a longer stroke than H22A. H23A DOHC VTEC has 87mm x 95mm (bore and stroke)and the H22A DOHC VTEC has 87mm x 90.7mm (bore and stroke). The H23A DOHC VTEC Engine is largest displacement in the H Series engines with a compression ratio of 10.6:1.
Below is a chart that consists all of the engines in the H / F Series.
H Series Motor Specifications Chart 1
H Series Motor Specifications Chart 2
H Series Motor Specifications Chart 3

</doc>
<doc id="2873824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873824" title="Alester Maregwede">
Alester Maregwede

Alester Maregwede (born August 5, 1981 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is a wicket-keeper and middle-order batsman. He has represented the Zimbabwe A team as vice captain.
He made his first appearances on a West Indies tour in 2003-04 and, since the departure of many Zimbabwean team members, he has found himself playing on a regular basis. He has also represented the Midlands team in the Logan Cup.
Maregwede was born and raised in the Harare suburb of 
Highfield and first played cricket at Chipembere Primary School. When he was 11 he played his first "proper" match, for Highfield against a High Glen Select XI and he was given the wicketkeeper's gloves for no reason other than that there was no one else to do it. He batted seven, top scoring with 42. Later he was named as captain of Highfield in an inter-suburb tournament which Highfield won. He won a ZCU scholarship to attend Prince Edward High School but he ended up at Churchill High School because of his need to board.
Whilst he was still in first year he was named captain of a Zimbabwe Development XI for a tour to South Africa. He averaged 64 on the tour and he only lost one game. Because of this tour he started playing for Churchill's full team, as an opener and wicketkeeper. He made his first-class debut for Mashonaland "A" in the Logan Cup versus the full Mashonaland side when he was only 16, scoring 5 and 19.
Maregwede was admitted to the CFX Academy in 2000, missing his final year of school to go. He averaged 41 in the Logan Cup for the academy, with two fifties. Alester has since moved into the full Mashonaland side, with two hundreds and ten fifties.
Maregwede's cricket heroes are Steve Waugh, and like many Zimbabweans, Andy Flower. His proudest moment came in the U19 World Cup when he scored 64 against Australia. He also played first team rugby and hockey for Churchill and was a sprinter. Alester really enjoys travelling, and is glad that his cricket commitments give him the chance to visit many foreign countries. Alester was a vital member of the Mildura Settlers Cricket Clubs first premiership in 20 years. Alester has since parted ways with the club but is hopeful of remaining in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="2873831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873831" title="Mary Shaw (actress)">
Mary Shaw (actress)

Mary Shaw (1854–1929) was an American suffragette, early feminist, playwright and actress.
Shaw was involved in the women's movement since the early 1890s, and in 1892 she became a member of the Professional Women's League. She played many controversial roles in her career as an actress, and was involved in some of the most controversial plays of her time such as Henrik Ibsen's "Ghosts" and "Hedda Gabler", George Bernard Shaw's (no relation) "Mrs. Warren's Profession" and many female suffrage plays.
Shaw married Henry Leach in 1879 and he died two and a half years later. She was the mother of Broadway actor Arthur Shaw (1881-1946).

</doc>
<doc id="2873844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873844" title="John M. Snowden">
John M. Snowden

John Maugridge Snowden (1776 – April 3, 1845), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh City from 1825 to 1828.
Early life.
Snowden was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to a revolutionary war family of patriots. His father was a hero of the war, being imprisoned by the British forces and dying in their custody. His mother was a major advisor to General Washington during his Pennsylvania campaigns. In 1811 Snowden began a printing and book business in Pittsburgh. He eventually started his own newspaper called the "Pittsburgh Mercury". Like his predecessor as Mayor, John Darragh, he used his appointment as President of the Bank of Pittsburgh to launch his mayoral candidancy.
Pittsburgh politics.
Snowden served terms as Allegheny County Recorder and Treasurer before being elected mayor of Pittsburgh in 1825. He served until 1828.
Letter from John Maugridge Snowden to Gen Andrew Jackson.
Pittsburgh 12 March 1829
His Excellency
Gen A. Jackson 
Prest. U.S.
Dr Sir
To the many requests to which your attention is at this time drawn, may I be permitted respectfully to add mine? I have this day written to the Hon. M Van Buren applying for the appointment to publish the laws of the United States, &c in the Pittsburgh Mercury of which I am the editor and proprietor; and requesting of him, if required, to afford me time to forward to him whatever recommendations may be deemed necessary. Presuming on your knowledge of my character and standing here and on your friendly feelings may I be permitted respectfully to solicit your aid in this particular. I presume it is known to your excellency that the Mercury was, both in 1824 and 1828, devoted to those principles which have so signally triumphed in the late contest. It is the second oldest paper in this place and has a respectable patronage and circulation. Calculated with firmness, but at the same time maintaining that decorous course which is calculated to merit and secure the public confidence, it is believed that it was not an unimportant auxiliary in that contest. But neither my scrupulous regard as an editor for private character - the correctness of my course - nor my acknowledged good reputation - has secured me from many sacrifices in "(supp crossed out)" the just support of my political principles and opinions. Wherever political opponents could assail me, they have done it. From their own avowals, the first effort displayed itself by a combination to oust me from the mayoralty of this city - not because I was considered to be incompetent to or unfaithful in the discharge of the duties of that office, but because the fact that an opponent of the then existing administration had been removed from the head of the city authorities, would give éclat abroad and subserve their political interests. This step has then been followed up by attempts to break down my establishment or diminish its patronage - attempts which have to a considerate extent affected my pecuniary interests, and subjected me to an inconvenience which is sensibly felt at my advanced period of life, with a numerous family dependent on my labour and exertions for maintenance. I make these statements not by way of complaint, but to show that the Pittsburgh Mercury was not, and is not regarded as an inefficient partisan in the struggle for principles; and as a change will undoubtedly be made of the public printer of this place, respectfully to present them as recommendations on the score of service to the consideration of the government.
If other recommendations be wanting for the obtainment of that appointment, I shall with great pleasure afford to your excellency any testimonials which may be asked of the purity of my life and character.
I write with the freedom of a friend, and I hope that my candour will not be construed into a want of respect. Had I less confidence in your willingness to give my application a favorable reception, or in the benevolence of your disposition, I should scarcely have ventured to write this letter, or if I had written, would have written more reservedly.
At the time of your visit to this place, I had the honour of introducing to your notice my son Wm Snowden. He accompanied you to Washington. He has been bred to the law. He possesses a good address, some talents and is a young man of steady habits. Several of his and my friends have advised him to apply for a clerkship in one of the public offices, particularly in that of the secretary of state. His course of education we think best qualifies him for such a clerkship. I have understood that Mr Stevenson, and many of the Pennsylvania delegation, together with Col McKinley of Alabama, and other of your distinguished personal friends in and out of our congress, with whom he is acquainted, will join in his recommendation. If from the partial acquaintance you have had of him, and the recommendations he may obtain, your excellency could be induced to interest yourself in his behalf, it would not only afford great gratification to me, but might be the happy means of bringing a promising young man into the public usefulness.
I have the honour to be your excellencys most obt sevrt.
John M. Snowden
This is a transcript of a letter from the National Archives, Record Group 59, (State Department Records).
Pittsburgh, July 24, 1826 TOWN MEETING.
IN pursuance to/ public notice, the citizens of Pittsburgh, convened in town meeting, at the court house, on Saturday evening, the 22nd inst. John M. Snowden, Esq. Mayor of the City, was called to the chair, and William Eichbaum, jr. and Robert Burke, were chosen secretaries.
The object of the meeting having been stated by the chairman, Judge Wilkins rose, and after some appropriate and eloquent remarks, submitted the following preamble and resolutions, which were adopted:
When men, beloved and honored for their virtues, talents and services are removed from the scene of life, full of years, and bearing with them the benedictions of millions whom they have blessed- when he who brought to light the principles of our revolutionary struggle, and he who stood foremost as their advocate, have sunk to rest, it becomes us as men, it is duty as Americans, to join in an expression of regret for their loss- of profound respect for their memory. The citizens of Pittsburgh, feeling the deepest emotions of gratitude for the services and veneration for the memories of the late THOMAS JEFFERSON & JOHN ADAMS, do therefore Resolve, That the Mayor of the City be required to address letters of condolence, on behalf of the citizens of Pittsburgh, to the families of the illustrious deceased, expressive of the deep sympathy they feel in the loss of their venerated patriarchs, and of the high sense entertained by them of the unremitted and successful labors of these fathers of American Independence.
Resolved, That the commandant of the Pittsburgh Volunteer Legion, be requested by the Mayor, to order out the company Artillery, and such other portion of the Legion as may be deemed necessary, upon Tuesday next, the 25th inst. For the purpose of paying the same military honors to the memory of the deceased, as are ordered and intended to be observed at the U. S. military post near this city.
Resolved, That on Tuesday next, from dawn to sun-set, the National Flag shall wave, at half mast, on Grant’s Hill, under the conduct of a corps of citizen volunteers, and guarded by surviving revolutionary soldiers, wearing the usual badge of mourning on the left arm.
Resolved, That a committee of thirteen be appointed to aid in carrying into effect these resolutions, and to make such other arrangements as in their judgment, the occasion may render fit and proper.
The following are the committee selected by the chairman, at the request of the meeting:
James Ross, William Wilkins, John S. Riddle, Ross Wilkins, Alexr. Johnston, jr. M. B. Lowrie, Richard Biddle, Wm. Hays, A Brackenridge, Wm. Lecky, Col. Wm. Anderson, Wm. Eichbaum, jr. T. B. Dallas.
On motion Resolved, That the Hon. Wm Wilkins, has been requested to deliver a Eulogium on the characters of the deceased, at such time and place as the committee may appoint.
On motion Resolved, That the proceedings of this meeting be signed by the chairman and secretaries and published.
JOHN M. SNOWDEN, Chm’n
W. Eichbaum, jr.
Robert Burke Sec’ys.
Pittsburgh, July 24, 1826
Transcript of document from the Adams Family Papers at the Massachusetts Historical Society.
Later life.
Mayor Snowden died on April 3, 1845 on the city's present day northside. Buried at Concord Presbyterian Church on Brownsville Road, near his home there.
Honors.
Allegheny County's community Snowden (part of present day South Park Township) was named for John Snowden.

</doc>
<doc id="2873859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873859" title="Jacqueline White">
Jacqueline White

Jacqueline White (born November 26, 1922) is a former American film actress. She's probably best remembered appearing in the films noir "Crossfire" and "The Narrow Margin". She usually played either lead actresses in B-movies or supporting parts in A-movies. She usually played the main character, and one of her biggest movies was Mystery in Mexico. White was under contract to both MGM then RKO where she appeared in two classics, "Crossfire" and "The Narrow Margin".
RKO used her as a second lead in A pictures and leading roles in B films. She retired in 1950 upon her marriage to Bruce Anderson and she relocated to Wyoming with her husband who started an oil business. When she returned to Los Angeles for the birth of her first child, she was spotted in the RKO commissary visiting friends by Director Richard Fleischer and Producer Stanley Rubin who offered her a co-starring role in "The Narrow Margin" (1952). White appeared in "The Narrow Margin", a film whose release was delayed for two years while Howard Hughes, the studio boss, considered whether to either extensively edit it or reshoot as an A-film with Robert Mitchum and Jane Russell. Eventually, selected scenes were reshot and added in December 1951, nearly a year after the film had originally wrapped. Still active as of 2005, White appears occasionally at film conventions. In 2013, she made an appearance at the annual TCM Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="2873864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873864" title="Vanga (disambiguation)">
Vanga (disambiguation)

Vanga can be

</doc>
<doc id="2873866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873866" title="Russi Mody">
Russi Mody

Russi Mody (17 January 1918 – 16 May 2014) was a former Chairman and Managing Director of Tata Steel and a leading member of the Tata Group.
Early years.
Russi was born on 17 January 1918 in Mumbai to a Parsi family. His father was Sir Homi Mody. His mother was Lady Jerbai Mody née Dubash. Russi had two brothers, Kali Homi Mody and Piloo Mody. 
After a few years of schooling in India, he was sent to England for further studies. He studied at Harrow School and later at Christ Church College, Oxford. On his return to India he joined Tata Steel as an office assistant. Russi was married to Siloo Mugaseth, the daughter of his mother's sister, and lived in Kolkata until his death. 
Career.
Mody joined Tata Steel in 1939 and he was promoted to the position of Director of Personnel in 1953. He took up the position of the Director of Raw Materials in 1965. In 1970, he was appointed as Director of Operations and became Joint Managing Director in 1972. Russi once accompanied Albert Einstein on piano while Einstein played violin.
After retiring from Tata Steel in March 1993, the then Prime Minister of India, Shri P V Narasimha Rao appointed Mody as Joint Chairman of Indian Airlines and Air India.
Death.
Mody died during the night of 16 May 2014 at a private hospital in Kolkata. His death was condoled by former Tata Group Chairman Ratan Tata and the incumbent Cyrus Mistry.

</doc>
<doc id="2873869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873869" title="Cesium 137 (band)">
Cesium 137 (band)

Cesium_137 is an American futurepop musical group composed of Isaac Glendening and Vince Guzzardo. It originally also included Matt Cargill.
Biography.
The group's first release was the album "Advanced/Decay" in 2001 on Tonedeaf Records. Its style was electro-industrial. It gained widespread attention, particularly with the moody dance track "Regrets," which was also released as a single and became a danceclub hit.
Soon after the September 11, 2001 attacks, Matt Cargill joined the U.S. military and was no longer available as a member of Cesium_137. Cesium_137 had a hiatus of three years before their next release.
That release was "Elemental" in 2004; it was issued with Metropolis Records, a much more prominent label than Tonedeaf. It was soon followed by an E.P. release, "Luminous", also in 2004 on Metropolis; it composed largely of remixed material from "Elemental". Cesium_137's style was much mellower and synthpop inspired and less angst-ridden on these releases than on "Advanced/Decay". In 2006, Cesium_137 released their album "Intelligent Design". Like its predecessor, it was released by Metropolis.
Cesium_137 is named after a radioactive isotope of caesium. It continues a tradition in industrial music of incorporating a number in the band name, which became popular after the example of Front 242. It also continues the narrower tradition in industrial music of adopting the name of an isotope as the band name, as with Carbon 12 and Front 242 offshoot Cobalt 60.
In 2008, Cesium_137 released a digital single ("Flight") and a full-length album ("Proof of Life"). The album put a conscious emphasis on themes of self-exile, terminal illness and perseverance.
Following those releases, Guzzardo began writing music for a trance music project called plasmaMan; of which Glendening was the producer. As a self-released collection of music the plasma Man E.P., tinged with their usual dry humor, is titled "option b".
In 2009, the duo released the full-length album, "Identity". They performed several high profile shows to promote the album, including a performance at The Kinetic Festival in Canada.
Discography.
Studio Albums
Singles and EPs

</doc>
<doc id="2873875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873875" title="Concrete (disambiguation)">
Concrete (disambiguation)

Concrete is a composite building material made from the combination of aggregate and cement binder.
Concrete may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2873876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873876" title="Continental knitting">
Continental knitting

Knitting with the yarn in one's left hand is commonly referred to as Continental knitting, German knitting, European knitting, or left-hand knitting. Unlike English knitting, the yarn is held in the left hand; the motion of bringing the yarn forward with a knitting needle held in the other hand is thus sometimes known as picking. Continental knitting can be done at a greater rate than English knitting, as the stitches are formed closer to the needle points and the yarn has a shorter travel.
Although the general appearance of fabrics produced by Continental and English techniques is the same, there are subtle differences. the stitches are more square and the fabric is closer when knitted Continental style. Mary Thomas estimates that the difference can be the equivalent of two needle sizes.
Other knitting styles include English knitting (aka "right-hand" knitting) and Combined knitting.
Hand motions.
The motion of the right wrist is used to slip the right needle into the loop of the stitch being knitted and 'scoop' or 'hook' the yarn onto the right needle while the left forefinger holds the yarn across the back of the stitch. An alternative method of collecting the yarn involves using the thumb or index finger of the right hand to hold the yarn in place as the new stitch is being pulled out of the loop.
This knitting style is often easier to learn for people with crocheting experience, since the way the yarn is held in the left hand is similar to crochet, and the motion of the right hand is similar to the motion seen in crochet, although the knitting needle is held under the palm of the hand. One major difference in the motion of the right wrist is that in crochet the crochet hook may be held more like a pencil; this method of holding the knitting needle like a pencil was briefly made popular around 1900 under the guise of being more ladylike. Nowadays, however, the majority of knitters hold both needles under the palm.
Yarn tension.
The tension in the yarn is controlled by threading the yarn through the fingers of the left hand. Typically, the yarn is looped around the little finger, across the knuckles and around the index finger.
History.
This style originated in continental Europe, specifically recognized in Germany and began spreading in the early nineteenth century to surrounding countries. This is evident in that the Norwegian word for knitting 'binde' gave way to the German word for knitting 'strikke'.
Continental style knitting, being associated with Germany, fell out of favour in English-speaking countries during World War II; its reintroduction in the United States is often credited to Elizabeth Zimmermann.
Since World War II, both continental and English knitting are used in the United States and England. Japanese knitters tend to favor the continental style and Chinese knitters for the most part use the English style. Many other countries generally use continental knitting, such as Portugal, Greece, Turkey, Bolivia, and Peru.
External links.
YouTube Continental demo video
TECHknitting blog article on continental knitting with a clear picture reference
Knittinghelp's demo video section with continental video as top reference
KNITFreedom the Complete Video Guide to Continental Knitting

</doc>
<doc id="2873878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873878" title="David Gunn (actor)">
David Gunn (actor)

David Gunn is an American actor whose acting credits included "The Convent" (2000), "Vampire Journals" (1997), and "Real Killers" (1995). He also made a brief appearance in "The Gravedancers" (2006). Gunn is good friends with director Mike Mendez.

</doc>
<doc id="2873885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873885" title="Paulene Stone">
Paulene Stone

Paulene Stone (born 1941) is a former "Vogue" cover girl who embodied Swinging London in the 1960s.
A top English fashion model of the 1960s, she gave birth to actor Laurence Harvey's only child, Domino Harvey. A 1960 image of her that ran in the "Daily Express" helped to launch celebrated photographer David Bailey's career. In the early 1980s, Paulene Stone married Peter Morton, co-founder of the Hard Rock Cafe restaurant chain, and moved to Los Angeles. They had one son, Harry Morton. They later divorced.
In "Domino", the film about Stone's daughter Domino's life, Paulene is played by actress Jacqueline Bisset. Stone, however, requested that her name not be used in the film. The character was renamed Sophie Wynn.
She now lives in London. Her husband, actor Mark Burns, died on 7 May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2873893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873893" title="Magnus Miller Murray">
Magnus Miller Murray

Magnus Miller Murray (February 22, 1787 – March 4, 1838), served as the Mayor of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1828 to 1830 and again from 1831 to 1832.
Early life.
Murray was born in Philadelphia, to Commodore Alexander Murray and Mary Miller Murray. He was named after his maternal grandfather, Magnus Miller, a local merchant. He attended Pennsylvania University, earning both bachelor's and master's degrees in an era when many statesmen had only a grade school education. On January 6, 1806 he was admitted to the Philadelphia Bar. He married Mary Wilkens, daughter of John Wilkins, Jr. and Catherine Reagan Murray on February 23, 1810.
Pittsburgh politics.
Murray began politics as an understudy to his uncle, area judge and political insider William Wilkins. 
Under Murray's mayoral administration, the Western Terminus of the Pennsylvania Canal was completed along the Grant Street corridor of the city. Murray was the first of a handful of Pittsburgh mayors to serve two non-consecutive terms in office, having to cede control of the mayor's office to Matthew B. Lowrie from 1830 to 1831, before regaining his mayoral powers.
Honors.
Mayor Magnus Murray's son, James Butler Murray, President of the First Exchange Bank of Pittsburgh is remembered in the naming of Murray Avenue in Pittsburgh's Squirrel Hill neighborhood.
Membership.
Member of The Society of the Cincinnati as the oldest male heir of Commodore Alexander Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="2873908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873908" title="American Indian Defense Association">
American Indian Defense Association

The American Indian Defense Association (AIDA) was an organization founded in 1923 by social worker John Collier, that fought to protect religious freedom and tribal property for Native Americans in the United States.
History of the AIDA.
In the 1920s Antonio Luhan a member of the Taos Pueblo showed John Collier the poor living conditions in American Indian communities. In response to what he saw, Collier founded the American Indian Defense Association. For the next decade Collier headed Indian reform efforts, and in 1933 President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed Collier as the new commissioner of Indian Affairs. Almost immediately Collier tried to change the government's direction by revitalizing American Indian life and culture.
AIDA was also set up in response to the 1921 and 1923 Leavitt Bill, also known as the Dance Order. This bill threatened to remove the right of Pueblo Indians to perform some of their traditional dances in New Mexico. The Bursum Bill of 1922 also posed a threat as it would authorize the acquisition of Pueblo lands. However, AIDA was able to block both bills successfully.
American Indian culture.
American Indians culture had been stripped away by measures like the Dawes Act, which had ended tribal government and authorized the sale of tribal land to individuals. Between the years 1887 (the year the Dawes Act came into effect) and 1934 (known as the "Allotment era") the government took over of tribal lands that were previously guaranteed to tribes by treaties and federal law. Henry Dawes who authored the Dawes Act, was quoted as saying that to be civilized, one must "wear civilized clothes...cultivate the ground, live in houses, ride in Studebaker wagons, send children to school, drink whiskey and own property." 
Antonio Luhan described how government policies and the Bureau of Indian Affairs commissioners who enforced them overwhelmed American Indian culture,
Indian Reorganization Act.
To put these reform ideas into law, the United States Congress passed the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934, which reversed the Dawes Act policy, and as described in section 3 of that act it was to "restore to tribal ownership the remaining surplus lands of any Indian reservation heretofore opened, or authorized to be opened, to sale, or any other form of disposal by Presidential proclamation, or by any of the public land laws of the United States". The Act provided funds to start tribal business ventures and to pay for the college education of young American Indians. The allotment process was halted and further losses of Indian land were halted. Tribes were encouraged to create strong tribal governments. Tribes were given the right to form constitutions, have self-government, and to form tribal corporations. A program to provide federal loan money for college and/or vocational school expenses was begun.
Criticism.
Critics of the American Indian Defense Association complained that Collier had not obtained enough input from the tribes themselves in formulating policies, and that the programs decreased the power of women in some tribes. Still, two-thirds of the nation's American Indians tribes voted to participate in the new programs.

</doc>
<doc id="2873917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873917" title="Alan Moulder">
Alan Moulder

Alan Moulder (born 11 June 1959) is a British record producer. He has worked with such artists as Foals, Richard Hawley, Arctic Monkeys, The Jesus and Mary Chain, Curve, Ride, White Lies, My Bloody Valentine, , The Vaccines, and Placebo, as well as with many American artists, including The Killers, Nine Inch Nails, A Perfect Circle, The Smashing Pumpkins, Them Crooked Vultures, Death Cab for Cutie, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Puscifer, Blonde Redhead, The Morning After Girls, How to Destroy Angels, Interpol, and Foo Fighters.
Biography and career.
Moulder was born in Boston, Lincolnshire, England. From an early age, he had an interest in music, listing among his favourite artists Cream and The Beatles. The first album he ever bought was "Electric Warrior" by T. Rex, and was immediately impressed by the quality of that album's recording. He joined his first band as a teenager and recorded a demo in a local studio; it was there that he realised that it had been the production that he had so enjoyed on that T. Rex record, and discovered that he was more interested in music engineering than in performing.
Moulder's musical career started in the early 1980s, at Trident Studios in London. As an assistant engineer, he worked with influential producers like Jean Michel Jarre, drawing from them great familiarity with electronic sounds and textures. Also an engineer at Trident was Flood with whom Moulder would often collaborate in the future. Moulder assisted in one of Flood's recording sessions with The Jesus and Mary Chain, and found that the often fractious and troublesome band enjoyed working with him. The Mary Chain invited Moulder to engineer their live sounds and, eventually, to engineer their 1989 album "Automatic". The album's production was praised for its combination of thick, noisy guitar with a polished, listener-friendly tone, and the Mary Chain's former label, Creation Records, soon had Moulder producing records for Ride, My Bloody Valentine, and Swervedriver.
After working on the "Glider" and "Tremolo" EPs for My Bloody Valentine, Moulder was approached nearly simultaneously by two bands who were fans of that group. In 1992, he mixed The Smashing Pumpkins' "Siamese Dream", and Ride's "Going Blank Again". Then, in 1994, he co-mixed Nine Inch Nails' "The Downward Spiral".
His work with Nine Inch Nails led to his engineering several albums for Trent Reznor's Nothing Records, including Prick's eponymous debut album and Marilyn Manson's debut, "Portrait of an American Family". In 1995, he would again collaborate with the Smashing Pumpkins, co-producing with Flood their double album "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness".
In 1992, Moulder also co-produced female duo Shakespears Sister's second album "Hormonally Yours", which became one of the biggest sellers in the UK and Europe that year.
During the 1990s, Moulder also worked extensively with Curve.
In 1996, he worked with Moby on "Animal Rights" and The Cure on "Wild Mood Swings", and the next year worked again with Flood, this time on U2's electronic album "Pop". 1998 saw Moulder mixing Monster Magnet's "Powertrip". 1999 saw Moulder and Reznor in the studio together again; Moulder co-produced, mixed, and engineered Nine Inch Nails' critically acclaimed "The Fragile". Another album with the Smashing Pumpkins, "Machina/The Machines of God", followed in 2000, along with a remix album for Nine Inch Nails, the debut by A Perfect Circle, "Mer de Noms", and Monster Magnet's "God Says No". Alan worked with Lostprophets on a song after the band released their debut album "The Fake Sound of Progress".
In 2002, he mixed the Grammy nominated, debut album of Yeah Yeah Yeahs, "Fever To Tell". This would mark his first mixing collaboration with the group.
In 2003, he mixed (and engineered a portion of) the critically acclaimed album's, "Penance Soiree", by The Icarus Line. This album's reputation has led to its inclusion in publications such as 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. 2003 also saw him guesting as a producer on Gary Numan's album "Hybrid" alongside Flood, Andy Gray and Curve.
In 2005, Moulder produced Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan's solo debut "TheFutureEmbrace" along with another Nine Inch Nails album, "With Teeth", and mixed the debut album "Hot Fuss" by The Killers and "Any Minute Now" by Soulwax.
In 2006, he worked with the Killers once more, co-producing their second album "Sam's Town". The same year, he also mixed the album "Ten Silver Drops" by Secret Machines and "Movie Monster" by Sound Team. He also produced "Dying To Say This To You" by The Sounds.
Moulder also mixed Puscifer's debut album "V Is for Vagina", and Saul Williams' "The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of NiggyTardust!" and Ashes Divide's debut album "Keep Telling Myself It's Alright", The Wolfmen (debut album tracks), and Blonde Redhead, and produced their new album "23".
In 2007, Moulder mixed all but four of the tracks for "Favourite Worst Nightmare", the second album from Arctic Monkeys, including the UK number 1 single, 'Brianstorm'. Also worked again with Atticus Ross and Trent Reznor on the Nine Inch Nails album "Year Zero".
In 2008, Moulder produced and mixed, along with Atticus Ross and Trent Reznor, the Nine Inch Nails albums "Ghosts I-IV" and "The Slip". Moulder also produced and mixed The Morning After Girls full length "Alone".
In 2009 Moulder did a bonus remix of "Shine On Down", on the album "3-D" for Dean Garcia's latest project, SPC ECO, and also mixed Placebo's album "Battle for the Sun", BM LINX's sophomore LP "Black Entertainment", and also mixed the eponymous Them Crooked Vultures album. He also produced and mixed the second Wolfmother album, "Cosmic Egg".
In 2010 Moulder co-produced and mixed the eponymous début EP by How to Destroy Angels alongside Atticus Ross and Trent Reznor again. Moulder also mixed Interpol's self-titled 4th album.
In 2011 Moulder co-produced the album "Ritual" by White Lies. Moulder also mixed "Wasting Light" by Foo Fighters.
In 2012 Moulder mixed "Battle Born" by The Killers. Moulder also mixed "An Omen EP" by How to Destroy Angels.
Personal life.
Moulder is married to former Curve lead singer Toni Halliday.

</doc>
<doc id="2873920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873920" title="David Gunn (doctor)">
David Gunn (doctor)

David Gunn (1946 – March 10, 1993) was an American physician. He received his bachelor's degree from Vanderbilt University and earned his M.D. at the University of Kentucky. Gunn moved to Brewton, Alabama, after his residency, choosing to provide OB/GYN and abortion services in rural America.
Gunn was murdered in Pensacola, Florida, by anti-abortionist Michael F. Griffin, described by "The New York Times" as "a fundamentalist Christian and a loner with a bad temper". Griffin originally claimed to be acting "for God"; his attorneys would later assert on his behalf that he had been brainwashed by another anti-abortion activist, John Burt.
From October 1998 through May 2009, Gunn was first of a total of four doctors murdered by killers proclaiming pro-life motivation. The others were doctors Barnett Slepian, John Britton and George Tiller. Gunn's murder helped lead to the passage of the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act. Gunn's death also prompted Paul Jennings Hill to issue the Defensive Action Statement, signed by 30 anti-abortion leaders, which justifies the killing of abortionists to protect unborn children.
In popular culture.
In 1994, Gunn's violent death inspired the first official single "Get Your Gunn" by alternative metal band Marilyn Manson. The lead singer, Marilyn Manson, explained in a 1999 "Rolling Stone" op-ed piece on the Columbine High School Massacre, that to him, Gunn's murder by "pro-life" activists was the ultimate hypocrisy he had witnessed as a young adult.

</doc>
<doc id="2873924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873924" title="Japanese barque Kankō Maru">
Japanese barque Kankō Maru

The was Japan's first steam warship. The ship was a 3-masted top sail schooner (Jackass-barque), with an auxiliary coal-fired steam engine turning a side paddlewheel. It was given to Japan by the Dutch.
History.
Following the forced ending of Japan's national seclusion policy in 1854 by Commodore Matthew Perry of the United States, the Tokugawa shogunate turned to the Dutch, their sole Western trading partners in the previous 200 years, for the procurement of modern ships to counter the perceived threat posed by the West and its "black ships". 
Janus Henricus Donker Curtius, head of the Nederlandsche Handel-Maatschappij in Japan facilitated the purchase. Since time was needed to import the ships, Donker Curtius asked for one of the warships of the Royal Netherlands Navy stationed in the Netherlands East Indies to be presented to the Japanese government.
The Dutch warship named , the name of an Indonesian volcano, was sent with Naval captain Gerhardus Fabius to introduce the Japanese to navigation techniques in 1854, and the ship was formally presented to the government of Shogun Tokugawa Iesada at Nagasaki in the name of the Dutch King, Willem III in 1855. The gift was the subject of heated debates within the government. She was renamed , after a line in the "I Ching" : .
"Kankō Maru" was assigned to be a training ship to the newly formed Nagasaki Naval Training Center, under Director . At this time, 22 Dutch sailors, including Lieutenant junior G. C. C. Pels Rijken provided training, and this training was continued by Lieutenant H. van Kattendijke who arrived in Japan on the "Kanrin Maru". This was the first time that the Japanese had received formal military training from the Dutch.
She was then transferred to the new Naval Training Center in Edo in April 1857, with a Japanese-only crew of 103 students. Following the Meiji Restoration, she was taken over the by Meiji government and became one of the first ships of the fledgling Imperial Japanese Navy. She remained based at the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy at Tsukiji, Tokyo until she was scrapped in 1876.
Replica.
A faithful replica of the original "Kankō Maru" was built in at the Verolme Shipyards in the Netherlands in 1987 based on the original plans for the "Soembing" preserved at the National Maritime Museum in Amsterdam. She was used as a tourism ship in the Huis Ten Bosch theme park in Sasebo, Nagasaki, and has been sailing along the coast of Japan since. The ship requires as 14-man crew, and can carry up to 300 passengers on short day cruises.
Spaceship project.
"Kankoh-maru" is also the name of a Japanese spaceship project for space tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="2873935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873935" title="Harvey Bialy">
Harvey Bialy

Harvey Bialy (born 1945, New York City) is an American molecular biologist and AIDS denialist. He was one of the signatories to a letter to the editor by a group of AIDS sceptics calling themselves the Group for the Scientific Reappraisal of the HIV-AIDS Hypothesis. He was also a member of the controversial and heavily criticized South African Presidential AIDS Advisory Panel convened by Thabo Mbeki in 2000.
Bialy is the author of "Oncogenes, Aneuploidy, and AIDS: A Scientific Life and Times of Peter H. Duesberg" (2004).
Education and early career.
Bialy graduated from Bard College in 1966 and was awarded a Ph.D. in molecular biology in 1970 by the University of California, Berkeley. He joined the journal "Nature Biotechnology" (part of the "Nature" family of publications) as its scientific editor in 1984, and edited its peer-reviewed content from 1984–1996.
Publications.
He has co-authored papers in molecular genetics, including articles presenting evidence that phage genes can subvert host functions. He has also written numerous editorials and commentaries on contemporary issues in biotechnology in Nature Biotechnology and other journals.
He is the author of "Oncogenes, Aneuploidy, and AIDS" (ISBN 1556435312), a book about the scientific life of fellow molecular biologist and AIDS sceptic Peter Duesberg, with special emphasis on Duesberg's version of the aneuploidy theory of cancer, on Duesberg's HIV/AIDS scepticism, and on the politics of modern science.
Later career.
Bialy's CV indicates that he was the co-recipient of a grant from the Charles Merill Trust to study antibiotic resistant pathogens in Nigeria in 1978. He received a World Health Organization grant to study the epidemiology and genetics of antibiotic resistant enteric pathogens in Nigeria in 1982. He worked as a visiting researcher or research fellow at several universities in the United States and Africa throughout the 1980s and 1990s. He was advisor to the Center for Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering in Havana, Cuba from 1986–1996.
Bialy's CV also indicates that he was a resident scholar of the IBT at UNAM in Cuernavaca between 1996 and 2006, where he also founded and directed the Virtual Library of Biotechnology for the Americas.
In April 2006, Ordo Templi Orientis formed the International OTO Cabinet, an advisory, non-voting panel made up of both OTO Initiates and Non-Initiates. Along with David Tibet, Bialy was named among the initial non-member appointments.
Artistic life.
He is also a poet and artist. He has published several books of poetry, and in 1976, he received a fellowship in poetry from the National Endowment for the Arts. Since May 2007, he has devoted his time to his art, of which an exposition "Telestics ... The Art of the Ordinary" was presented 23–31 August 2007 at the Catedral de Cuernavaca. The painter Rafael Cauduro admired Bialy's work and spoke in its praise for several minutes at the inauguration ceremony, which was also attended by the Minister of Culture of the State of Morelos. More recently, in February through April of 2012, Bialy's work was featured at the Nalanda Gallery of Naropa University.

</doc>
<doc id="2873944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873944" title="Jennifer Love">
Jennifer Love

Jennifer Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2873946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873946" title="George Richards">
George Richards

George Richards may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2873959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873959" title="Brian Wilshire">
Brian Wilshire

Brian Wilshire (born 30 March 1944 in Strathfield, Sydney, Australia) is a radio broadcaster for 2GB Sydney. He currently hosts the 'Australia overnight' programme (12:00am – 4.00 am). [http://prod.2gb.com/shows/overnight-brian-wilshire] The signature of the show is the tune, "Hanky Panky", by Pete Fountain.
Brian Wilshire began his radio career in November 1969 at 2NZ in Inverell. [http://prod.2gb.com/shows/overnight-brian-wilshire]. He has won almost every survey at 2GB for the past 34 years.
Wilshire has many interests including snow skiing, car racing (having won his class in 1993 at Bathurst), writing books (his "The Fine Print" was Australia's best-selling book in 1992 -- source: Dymock's, Who Magazine), and playing drums in bands "Stringybark" and "Koala Soup". 
Controversy over racist comments.
On 16 December 2005, Wilshire was forced to make a public apology, after allegedly saying on air that many Middle Eastern immigrants were inbred as a result of consanguinity and thus hard to educate.
"Many of them (referring to the carloads of youths who invaded the Sutherland Shire following the Cronulla riots) have parents who are first cousins whose parents were first cousins. The result of this is inbreeding – the result of which is uneducationable (sic) people...and very low IQ.”
At no stage during the discussion was any mention of the race of the rioters mentioned. The media assumed Wilshire was talking about Lebanese.
His comments were met with outrage. "It reveals an uneducated comment on his part – they are disgraceful comments," then Premier, Morris Iemma, said.
Stephen Stanton, spokesman for the Lebanese human rights organization Cedarwatch:
"One is radio 2GB and the moronic manner that gargling boofhead has been berating and denigrating you. The airwaves are useless if they are used by people such as that. The other is newspapers such as The Australian."
Following widespread condemnation, including by Premier Iemma, Wilshire has since apologized for his comments.
He has since returned to 2GB Overnights.

</doc>
<doc id="2873962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873962" title="Health food store">
Health food store

A health food store is a type of grocery store that primarily sells health foods, organic foods, local produce, and often nutritional supplements. Health food stores typically offer a wider or more specialized selection of foods than conventional grocery stores for their customers, for example athletes and bodybuilders, people with special dietary needs, such as people who are allergic to the gluten in wheat or some other substance, or have diabetes mellitus, and for people who observe vegetarian, vegan, raw food, organic, or other alternative diets.
Some stores that would usually be thought of as 'health food stores' prefer the term 'whole food stores' to acknowledge that they sell whole or organic foods, but not the large range of artificial nutritional supplements common in other health food stores.
Health food.
The term "health food" has been used since the 1920s to refer to specific foods claimed to be especially beneficial to health, although the term has no official definition. Some terms that are associated with health food are macrobiotics, natural foods, organic foods and whole foods. Macrobiotics is a diet focusing primarily on whole cereals. Whole cereals, along with other "whole foods", are foods that are minimally processed. Whole cereals have their fiber, germ and hull intact and are considered more nutritious. Natural foods are simply foods that contain no artificial ingredients. Organic foods are foods that are grown without the use of conventional and artificial pesticides and must meet certain organic standards.
Nutritional supplements.
Most health food stores also sell nutritional supplements, like vitamins, herbal supplements and homeopathic remedies. Herbal supplements have never been regulated until the European Directive on Traditional Herbal Medicinal Products came into force on 30 April 2004. The Traditional Herbal Medicinal Products Directive, 2004/24/EC, was established to provide a regulatory approval process for herbal medicines in the European Union (EU).
History.
Many foods which are now commonplace in groceries first entered the market in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Efforts by early health pioneers such as the Father of the Health Movement in America Paul Bragg as well as Sylvester Graham, Horace Greeley, John Harvey Kellogg, George Ohsawa, Ellen White and others spurred an interest in health food. As early as the 1920s and 1930s health food stores started opening in the United States and the United Kingdom selling products such as blackstrap molasses and brewer's yeast. 
Perhaps the oldest health food store was founded by Thomas Martindale in 1869 as "Thomas Martindale Company" in Olde City Philadelphia. The Martindale family eventually moved the store to 10th and Filbert St. in the late 1930s and was heavily influenced by the new interest in health and wellness. The store manufactured their own coffee substitute made from dried figs called "Figco". Healthy foods were sold in the lunchroom, with all baked goods being sweetened with honey or maple syrup. Eventually the store evolved into what is known as Martindale's Natural Market which is still in existence today. 
In 1896 a new building was built in Birmingham, England to house James Henry Cook's vegetarian restaurant, one of the first in England. In 1898, 'The Pitman Vegetarian Hotel', named after the famous vegetarian Sir Isaac Pitman, opened on the same site, and the proprietors subsequently opened a long-running health food store.
The oldest family owned health foods store in the United States still in existence today was founded by Frank A. Sawall, who earlier worked with John Harvey Kellogg, began selling powdered mineral drinks door to door and lecturing around the United States on the benefits of vitamin and mineral supplements, before opening Sawall Health Food Products, Inc., in 1936, the United States' oldest family-owned natural foods store still in existence today. It began with powdered minerals and vitamins and also sold natural and organic foods. Frank A. Sawall, a bio-chemist, was described as "America's Outstanding Health Teacher and Nationally known Nutritionist" in newspapers across the United States. He lectured extensively across the Midwest and the East Coast. Frank A. Sawall, expanded his stores in Michigan, including Detroit, Kalamazoo, Bay City, Grand Rapids, and Lansing. Creating the first health foods store chain in the United States. Sawall Health Foods is now in its fifth generation of Sawall's working at the business. 
The Proxmire Vitamin Bill of 1976 that kept the FDA from defining food supplements as "drugs" was hailed as a great achievement in the health foods industry at the time. Senator William Proxmire was married to Ellen Hodges Sawall.
The New Westminster store operated by Health Food Research, opened in 1954 on the outskirts of Vancouver, British Columbia. It was founded by Ella Birzneck, and modeled partly upon Russian "doctors' shops", which carried medicines, herbs, and special foods.
Health food stores became much more common in the 1960s in connection to the newly emerging ecology movement and counterculture.
Many health food stores are worker owned cooperatives and consumer cooperatives due in part to the ability of cooperative buying power to bring lower costs to the consumer and their growth of popularity during the counterculture movement of the 1960s and 1970s.
Over the last decade, health food, and especially organic food, has entered the mainstream. Companies such as Whole Foods Market, a large multinational corporation, have profited greatly and grown substantially during this expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="2873971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873971" title="Ava Moore">
Ava Moore

Ava Moore is a fictional character on the FX Networks television series "Nip/Tuck". Played by Famke Janssen, the character was introduced during the show's second season.
Background.
Ava Moore was originally Avery Tanner, a gay man who worked as a professional escort to wealthy older women. Avery was in love with Dr. Barrett Moore (Alec Baldwin), and used his charisma to convince his wealthy female dates to finance Moore's medical research.
However, to Avery's growing disappointment, Barrett Moore was a confirmed heterosexual and refused to advance his friendship with Avery to a romantic relationship. Avery fell into a deep depression and, determined to have Moore's love at any cost, asked the doctor to perform sex reassignment surgery on him. Intrigued, Moore agreed and personally undertook the mission of transforming Avery into Ava. Moore's skill as a surgeon allowed him to turn Avery into what Christian Troy would later describe as "The Hope Diamond of transsexuals; completely flawless in every way." Ava was happy with her new form and the two married. But problems quickly popped up, as Moore could never truly accept Ava as being a woman and instead treated her like his prized creation. Ava sank further and further into depression. Moore arranged for one of his female employees to become pregnant with his child so Ava could become a mother and hopefully pull the three together as a family.
Ava grew increasingly distant from her husband and ultimately took their child and left in the middle of the night — right before the final surgery was to be performed to make her artificial vagina deep enough to pass as biologically natural. She then began taking young lovers, since Ava believed that younger, sexually inexperienced boys would not be able to tell that her genitals were different from those of most women.
Character history.
Season 2.
Ava Moore was introduced at the beginning of season two as a life coach who is hired by plastic surgeon Sean McNamara to "motivate" his emotionally distant wife Julia into becoming a better wife to him. Sean's attraction to Ava blinds him to who she truly is: a devious, calculating sexual predator who targets, manipulates and exploits the emotionally weak for her own amusement. Upon meeting Julia, she finds that Julia's distance comes from her attraction to Sean's best friend and business partner Christian Troy, as well as the recent revelation that Christian is the father of her first-born son, Matt. From there, Ava moves onto Matt and seduces the teenager into a sexual relationship. The relationship is met with scorn from Ava's own teenage son, Adrian. It is ultimately revealed that Ava's sexual predation extends to her own son, who is jealous of the attention his mother gives to Matt.
When Matt's relationship with Ava is exposed, Ava uses the truth about Matt's paternity to try to silence Julia, but the truth ultimately comes out. Matt moves in with Ava and continues to act out on his anger at his parents. His delinquency is also influenced by his friendship with Adrian, who was molded long ago into a sociopath by his mother's sexual abuse. When Adrian tries to expose Ava, she reveals, that she is not Adrian's biological mother; she told Matt that she and her "son" had a prior conversation about the abuse ending in sex (with Ava clearly guilty about the incest and Adrian begging for his "mother" to "make love" to him). The shock of these revelations causes Adrian to run away, and Ava becomes more and more depressed and withdrawn from Matt.
At the end of the second season, Ava has a confrontation with Christian Troy over her relationship with Matt. During the confrontation, Ava begins taunting Christian sexually, to the extent that Christian snaps and begins to have forceful sex with Ava. During the intercourse, Christian realizes that Ava has an extremely shallow vaginal canal and had to be a transsexual. Researching Ava's history to confirm the revelation, Christian and Sean discover her past by speaking to Barrett Moore.
Confronted with the truth, Ava expected the truth about her to be exposed further. But, the three are sympathetic towards her, and together strike a deal in which they would help arrange for Moore to complete the final surgery on Ava's genitals in exchange for Ava breaking off her relationship with Matt, as they fear his reaction to her true identity.
The surgery is successful, and Ava breaks up with Matt. At first Ava tries to be cruel in order to create a clean break, but Matt refuses to back down. Ava then explains to Matt that she couldn't stay with him because their relationship had awakened personal demons that she has to face on her own.
Hours later, as Ava prepares to leave the country, Adrian confronts his mother with a knife. After an intense exchange, Adrian turns the knife on himself and commits suicide. The last scene of Adrian is on Ava's floor, where it left to be assumed by the viewer that Ava leaves her adopted son's body to rot. She boards a plane to Paris very shortly after.
Season 3.
As of the end of the third season, Ava Moore remains in France and has yet to return to the United States. The character does, however, make a brief appearance in season three, through use of deleted scenes of Ava and Matt making love (which were edited to appear as a dream sequence) and a scene where Matt, having learned the truth, imagines Ava appearing before him; in the dream, she curses him for hating her, and demands that he come to terms with the fact that he still loves her even if she was born a man.
Season 6.
Ava reappeared in Los Angeles to seek out the help of Sean and Christian. She wants them to perform surgery on her baby, Raphael, that she claims to have adopted. The doctors refuse and say they will send her a list of referrals. When she was asked about Barrett Moore, Ava says that a series of strokes ultimately led to his death. She goes to Sean's house one night and talks to him about how he doesn't need Christian's approval for the surgery. Initially, it seems Sean had reconsidered. He asks Ava for all of Raphael's medical records. However, it turns out that Ava stole the baby because she wouldn't be given the baby with her background and she felt terrible for the conditions that Raphael was living under. Sean then refuses to perform the surgery and throws her out.
She then tracks down Matt after seeing his wedding invitation at Sean's apartment. She gives him and Ramona a check for an apparently large but unspecified amount of money as a wedding gift and says she is trying to make up for all of the bad things she has done. She also meets Matt's daughter, Jenna, for the first time. Matt meets Ava later and gives back the check, saying that he and Ramona feel uncomfortable accepting it. Ava invites Matt in for a drink and the two sleep together. Ava then tells Matt that he should forget that she came back into his life. He then goes to Sean and Christian and asks them again to perform the surgery on Raphael.
On Matt's wedding day, he gets a text from someone, presumably Ava. He goes outside of Ramona's house where Ava is meeting him with a limo. He gets in and Ava rolls up the window as Sean watches the limo drive off.
In the next and final episode of the series, it is seen that Ava and Matt have left together. Matt tells Sean and Christian that they plan on leaving to Brazil to find a suitable surgeon to perform the surgery on Raphael. Christian later finds Ava and tells her that he will perform the surgery on the condition that she ends her relationship with Matt and leaves. Ava expresses that she really does love Matt, but Christian still believes that she is just using him.
While Christian and Sean are performing the surgery, Ava tells Matt that she doesn't want to have anything to do with him and that she never loved him. This devastates Matt. When the surgery is completed, Ava notices that Raphael still has marks on his face. Sean tells her that there will need to be more procedures for the next few years, and there will be some permanent scarring. Ava tells him that she wants Raphael to be perfect, but Sean says that nothing is ever perfect. She later tells him that her father told her that to be different is to lead a life of pain and persecution. She didn't want to see Raphael experience the same thing that she went through. She leaves the hospital in tears, leaving Raphael in the room.
Later on, she is getting ready to leave and Matt approaches her with Jenna in the airport. He says he has bought tickets and he wants to go with her wherever she is going. Ava still says that she doesn't love him, but Matt says he can see "the smoke" in her eyes. He tells her that even though he has messed up, Jenna is a very good daughter, and she needs a good mother that she can look up to. He also goes on to say, that he has always loved her and will always love her. Ava agrees to be with Matt. The three of them are later seen going up the escalator getting ready to start their life together.

</doc>
<doc id="2873993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873993" title="Green College, University of British Columbia">
Green College, University of British Columbia

Green College is a centre for interdisciplinary scholarship and a community of scholars at the University of British Columbia founded by Cecil Howard Green and Ida Green.
The college consists of a residential community of 92 graduate students, postdoctoral researchers, visiting scholars and professors, and non-resident affiliated faculty and academic programming. Green College is one of only three graduate residential colleges in Canada, the other two being St. John's College, University of British Columbia and Massey College at the University of Toronto. Green College has formal ties with both institutions as well as with Green Templeton College, Oxford, which similarly owes its inception to the generosity of Cecil H. Green.
The College is located at the North end of the UBC campus, near the Faculty of Law, Museum of Anthropology, Chan Centre for the Performing Arts, and the Buchanan complex. Cecil Green Park House is an oceanfront mansion adjoining the College property. Dining together is an integral part of the Green College experience. The college is home to the Green College Dining Society which provides ten meals a week to residents and guests in Graham House's Great Hall.
History.
Green College was established in 1993 thanks to a $7 million gift by Cecil H. Green and Ida Green, which was matched by the Province of British Columbia. This gift provided a home to the Cecil and Ida Green Visiting Professorship program, launched by the Greens in 1972.
History Prior to 1993.
The facilities of the college campus existed prior to the founding of the college.
In 1935, the Grand Campus Washout eroded a deep ravine across the east end of the grounds. After several days of erosion, the Gardener's shed collapsed into the ravine. Afterwards, the gully was filled with debris from a nearby landslide. The shed was not rebuilt. The landslide area can be identified today by the younger trees on the fill area and a sudden decrease in elevation where the fill has compacted.
The following year the campus drainage system was constructed, terminating in a spiral drain at the southwest end of the Cecil Green Park Road parking lot associated with the college. Two more minor erosion events occurred in the summer of 1995 and 1997 when the drainage system overloaded and flooded the parking lot. A berm was constructed to prevent a recurrence of these events. Slope stability and controlling further erosion continues to be a significant issue for all of the north end of campus including the college grounds.
Green College role in APEC meeting, 1997.
In November, 1997, the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting was held in Vancouver, with the final gathering at the Museum of Anthropology at UBC. Great controversy arose when politicians instructed RCMP officers to use force and pepper spray against non-violent protesters. Green College was located near the Museum of Anthropology, directly adjacent to the official motorcade route to the APEC venue there. Green College resident and Law student Craig Jones was arrested and held for 14 hours when he displayed signs reading simply "Free Speech", "Democracy", and "Human Rights" on College property. Green College residents displayed protest banners from the windows and walls of the College. Green College residents were among those doused by pepper spray by the RCMP. Also, starting six months before the APEC summit, Green College provided event space and logistical support for an "APEC-University Forum", to discuss both sides of issues raised.
Housing Contract controversy, 2006.
In order to pay for mounting maintenance costs, the college entered into an agreement with UBC Housing and Conferences during the 2005-2006 term for Housing to take over some of the administration of Green College. On 28 July 2006, residents received a new contract with terms that many residents found objectionable, with the order to sign the contract by 1 August 2006. Many residents did not sign the new contract. The deadline was pushed back several times, but eviction notices were given on 28 August to at least twenty-three of the residents.
Mandate and Motto.
The College's coat of arms features two cougars grasping a flagpole above a shield, and includes the college's motto "Ideas and Friendship". It was registered with the Canadian Heraldic Authority on January 15, 1996.
Building on the motto of 'Ideas and Friendship,' the college 
""strives to blend quality and prestige on the one hand, and enrichment of the campus on the other, while avoiding elitism or imitation. It is organized to reflect the vision of Dr. Green that it be an intellectual community for the generation of new ideas. It is committed to the belief that new ideas are best fostered by interdisciplinary activities involving graduate students, postdoctoral scholars and faculty. "" 
Members of the college are selected through a membership committee and are chosen on the basis of academic excellence, interest and commitment to interdisciplinarity, commitment to community involvement and "the need to achieve a diverse community." The college has a reputation for academic excellence and has hosted many SSHRC Scholars, NSERC Scholars, Rhodes Scholars, Trudeau Foundation Scholars, Vanier Canada Scholars, Fulbright Scholars and Commonwealth Scholars.
Activities.
Cecil H. Ida Green Visiting Professorships.
Since the first Cecil H. and Ida Green Visiting Professor, Nobel Laureate Gerhard Herzberg, arrived in 1972, more than 180 distinguished scholars have participated in the program. Visiting professors, nominated by a UBC faculty member, are selected by the College's Academic Committee on the basis of academic excellence and appeal to a broad audience. A major goal of the Visiting Professorship program is to enhance the intellectual environment of Green College and to provide opportunities for graduate students and faculty at UBC to interact with outstanding scholars from other institutions.
Academic Lectures and Interdisciplinary Groups.
Academic programming highlighting interdisciplinary research and topics is determined each academic year by the College's Academic Committee. Regular programming includes the Green College Principal's Series each Tuesday featuring special guests, the Green College Members' Series each Monday featuring presentations from resident members of the College, and the Green College Writer-in-Residence and Justice-in-Residence series. In the 2008/09 academic year, other interdisciplinary series at the College include: Cosmology, Genomics and Society; Law and Society; Modernism and Its Discontents; Nature, History, and Society; Play Chthonics: Contemporary Canadian Readings; Policy Issues in Postsecondary Education; Post-Colonial Research Cluster; Religion in the 21st Century; and Science and Society.
Writers-in-Residence.
Since 2000 this programme has welcomed Canadian writers of all genres. The Writer-in-Residence works with the Green College community through consultations and workshops, and coordinates a reading series
through the College’s academic programming for the UBC community and beyond. Writer Gary Geddes reflected on his time at Green College as a “highlight of literary career”. Past writers in residence have included: Merilyn Simonds, Lynn Coady, Roo Borson, Wade Compton, Karen Connelly, Nalo Hopkinson, Kevin Kerr, Andrea Spalding, and Patricia Robertson.
Justices-in-Residence.
Initiated in 2001, the Justice-in-Residence program brings Justices to the College, where they participate in college life and make formal and informal presentations. Past Justices-in-Residence:
The Honourable Mr. Justice Charles Gonthier (2001),
The Right Honourable Beverley McLachlin (Chief Justice of Canada) (2002),
The Honourable Mr. Justice Frank Iacobucci (2003),
The Honourable Mr. Justice W. Ian Binnie (2004),
The Honourable Madam Justice Rosalie Silberman Abella (2006),
The Honourable Mr. Justice Marshall Rothstein (2007), 
The Honourable Mr. Justice Robert Singley (2009).
Social and Community Activities.
In addition to formal academic programming, a diverse array of resident groups and committees are active at the college. Associations include: Arts Committee, Environment Committee, Garden Committee, Green College Choir, Outreach Committee, Social Committee, Sports Committee, GreenNoir Cinematheque, FORAGE Community Dining, and French, Spanish and Klingon conversation groups. The Residents’ Council is a coordinating committee consisting of the committee chairs, the President of the Green College Dining Society, and one Resident Member from each of the College Standing Committees (Academic, Membership, Media and Communications) chosen by the resident caucuses of those committees.
The resident community produces one publication, the tri-annual Randles' Rants Magazine, which was founded in 2008. In recent years the College has initiated a Graduate Student Mental Health Wellness Program called "Movember," raising more than $2000 to date (including over $1,020 in November 2011) for the UBC Wellness Centre, has held international women's week events raising awareness and funds for local and international groups, and has put on theatrical performances to raise funds for community health initiatives. A recent proposal concerning expansion of the community garden has generated significant debate. While some residents herald its potential to attract trespassers, cause property damage, and fuel green chat debates, others are concerned that if not run properly, it may offset national carbon emissions, end global hunger, and attract mystical woodland creatures.
Adjudication.
In 1997, Green College was evaluated as "goals" by an independent review committee. Then-Principal Richard Ericson singled out "the creativity and enthusiasm of the Dining Society", a resident-led non-profit society which runs the meal program, for praise. Over eight months of that year, the College served up almost 200 separate events—two or three a day—including seminar hosted by the college, nine interdisciplinary study groups, lectures by a distinguished visiting professors, artistic performances, or receptions. 
The College's "stimulating program" earned a Peter Larkin Graduate Program Award from UBC in 1998. In 2008, the College continues to host a wide range of programming and events, with 14 interdisciplinary series in addition to visiting professors, special performances and guests.
Location and Facilities.
Green College is located on the University of British Columbia's main campus on the northern side of the peninsula, dangling precariously above Tower Beach and Wreck Beach. Located on Cecil Green Park Road, just off of North West Marine Drive, the college is adjacent to Cecil Green Park House, the Departments of Anthropology and Sociology, the Chan Shun Concert Hall and the Museum of Anthropology at UBC. Green College is located at http://www.maps.ubc.ca/?412 and 
and is situated in the University Endowment Lands which are slightly west of the city of Vancouver.
Green College consists of two heritage buildings: the Coach House and Graham House, the latter designed by Maclure and Fox in 1915, a series of residential blocks, guest house accommodations, Green Commons, a shared kitchen complex, gardens and a patio. The original garden design was by Thomas h. Mawson. The architectural style reflects the College's west coast location and is integrated with the forested oceanside landscape.
The Coach House is home to a number of lecture series and conferences, while Graham House is the site of resident meals, galas and special events. Both buildings are also available for rental with catering providing by the Green College Dining Society. As of August 2007, Green Commons is home to the university's Interdisciplinary Graduate Programme.
Organization.
The college is a unit of the Provost's Office. The head of the college is the College Principal who reports to the Associate Provost, Academic Innovation. Management of the college is guided through an Advisory Board consisting of faculty, community leaders, college residents, and representatives from parallel institutions. Academic components of the college are managed through a variety of joint faculty – resident committees.

</doc>
<doc id="2873996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873996" title="Albert Brisbane">
Albert Brisbane

Albert Brisbane (1809–1890) was an American utopian socialist, the chief popularizer of the theories of Charles Fourier in the United States, which he did in several books, notably "Social Destiny of Man" (1840), and in his Fourierist journal "The Phalanx". He also founded the Fourierist Society in New York in 1839 and backed several other phalanx communes in the 1840s and 1850s, most lasting only a year. The longest-lasting phalanx was The North American Phalanx, located in Colts Neck, New Jersey, which lasted for twelve years.
He achieved a platform to espouse Fourier's communitarian theories with the help of "New York Tribune" editor Horace Greeley, who was impressed by Brisbane's ideas and allowed him to write a weekly article. In 1844, Brook Farm, already an established Utopian community in Massachusetts, converted into a Fourierist community based on Brisbane's teachings.
Brisbane is buried in the Batavia Cemetery in Batavia, New York.
His son was Arthur Brisbane (1864–1936), one of the best known American newspaper editors of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2873997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873997" title="John Lees (walker and sports reporter)">
John Lees (walker and sports reporter)

John Lees holds the record for the fastest coast-to-coast walk across the United States. Starting at Los Angeles City Hall on 11 April 1971, he walked for 53 days, 12 hours and 15 minutes to New York City Hall, finishing on 3 June 1971. He is now the sports reporter for BBC Sussex and BBC Surrey.
He made a return visit to New York city hall to mark the 30th anniversary of his amazing feat of endurance.
This nostalgic event was covered by BBC Southern Counties Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="2873998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873998" title="East-West Group">
East-West Group

East-West Group is a holding company based out of Brussels, Belgium that operates a network of corporate entities focused on the Central Asian market that specialize in different market segments. The companies jointly provide a range of business development, project management and engineering services that are in their combination unique to the CIS market. It is one of the first companies in Central Asia exclusively focused on the service sector in Oil & Gas industry.
The company offers services in:
Consulting on the business practices on Central Asian markets, possible entry and development strategies; Advanced market analysis with the use of advanced resources, including a database of businesses in each Central Asian country. Engineering and Project Management services that include a range of specialized technical services support companies during their project implementation in the region; Local Representation / Agency Services.
The group has offices in USA, Belgium, United Kingdom, Hong-Kong, Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan and consists of several companies, SCATRA Limited, East-West Engineering, East-West Resources, and East-West Investments.
The company also bases its business model on cooperation with leading European and American equipment manufacturers working in Central Asia and also the local Chambers of Commerce and Industry and Europa House representative offices in Central Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="2874000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874000" title="Wisconsin Highway 100">
Wisconsin Highway 100

State Trunk Highway 100 (STH 100, commonly known as Highway 100 or WIS 100) is a road which encircles the outer edges of Milwaukee County. Officially, the road is designed as a bypass around the city of Milwaukee, but with residential and commercial development along Highway 100 on almost all portions of the road, this purpose has been negated, and it serves as one of the Milwaukee area's major commercial corridors. Highway 100 roughly parallels the freight railroad beltway around Milwaukee constructed in 1912 by the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company, approximately one mile inside the north, west and south county lines.
In Milwaukee's immediate western suburb Wauwatosa, Highway 100's north–south segment was once known as Lovers Lane; parts of the road still have this designation. In the vicinity of Mayfair Shopping Center, it is known as Mayfair Road; this corresponds to 108th street in Milwaukee's numbered roadways scheme.
The roadway served the Muirdale Tuberculosis Sanatorium and County Airfield and Limestone Quarry at what is now Currie Park. In the late 1950s, due to the combination of ready roadway and rail access, the area experienced an employment boom as several large cold storage warehouses and food-related truck terminals were constructed nearby. With the development of the Mayfair Shopping Center in 1958 by malting scion Kurtis Froedtert, the name was changed to Mayfair Road. One of the few vestiges of this earlier era is the roadway's popularity as a "cruising strip" for exhibition motorists. 
Inexpensive land and burgeoning growth in western Milwaukee County and the adjacent Waukesha County have served to create a new edge city commercial center centered on this busy arterial. Mayfair Shopping Center remains a key component of this area. With the privatization and redevelopment of the County Grounds including Muirdale and the expansion of Froedtert Hospital and the Medical College of Wisconsin there will be increasing pressure to develop the last large parcels of adjacent privately owned open space in the area; and there will likely be additional traffic pressures placed on this onetime Lovers Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="2874006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874006" title="Hearts of Space">
Hearts of Space

Hearts of Space is a United States weekly syndicated public radio show featuring music of a contemplative nature drawn largely from the ambient, new-age and electronic genres, while also including classical, world, Celtic, experimental, and other music selections. For many years, the show's producer and presenter, Stephen Hill, has applied the term "space music" to the music broadcast on the show, irrespective of genre. It is the longest-running radio program of its type in the world.
History.
"Hearts of Space" was created in 1973 by Stephen Hill, co-produced by Hill and Anna Turner. It was first broadcast as "Music from the Hearts of Space", a three-hour long late-night show on KPFA in Berkeley, California. It was hosted by Hill under the on-air pseudonym "Timotheo", with Turner becoming co-host from 1974 to 1986 as "Annamystic".
Shortened to a one-hour version, it entered syndication on public radio in January 1983, and quickly grew in popularity, signing its 200th station within three years. In December 2009, it was still broadcast by over 200 public radio stations weekly. Until April 1, 2010, Hearts of Space show was also broadcast nightly by XM Satellite Radio. Beginning on its Audio Visions channel in 2001, older shows aired weeknights at 11 PM ET. The current week's show was broadcast on Saturdays at 9 AM ET, then repeated on Sundays at 9 PM ET. After the merger, Sirius XM Satellite Radio moved the program to its Spa channel until discontinuing it. On January 4, 2013, the show celebrated a milestone broadcasting its 1000th program on the 40th anniversary of its debut. As of May 17, 2013, 1,011 installments of the show have been produced.
Production details.
Episodes, or "transmissions," are thematic, commencing with a voice-over introduction by Hill, followed by almost an hour of uninterrupted segue-mixed music. The show concludes with back-announced track details. Before she left the program in 1986, co-producer Anna Turner jointly announced the show with Hill. , "Hearts of Space" is presented by Hill and produced by Hill and Associate Producer Steve Davis. A number of other individuals have worked on "Hearts of Space", including guest producer Ellen Holmes who created a series of "Adagio Recordings classical spacemusic" shows.
Related projects.
The "Hearts of Space" radio show has spawned a number of related projects, including the Hearts of Space Archive, a commercial ambient-music streaming service started in 2001, and a record label started in 1984, Hearts of Space Records (including 5 divisions, sub-labels or label imprints: Hearts of Space Records, for the core space music; Hearts O' Space, for Irish/Celtic albums; World Class, for world-music albums; Fathom, for sounding the deep, dark ambient albums by artists such as Robert Rich and Steve Roach; and RGB, for soundtrack and pop-oriented electronic albums). The record label released nearly 150 albums over the course of its existence; it also licensed and released European albums in the U.S. During the 1980s Hill also produced albums for other labels, such as those of Eckart Rahn (Celestial Harmonies, Fortuna Records, Kuckuck Schallplatten). In 2001, the label (and catalogue) was sold to Valley Entertainment. Stephen Hill, though no longer associated with the label's business side, continues to work on A&R and to produce new compilation recordings for the label.
Cultural influence.
The show was parodied on "MST3K" Episode 303 ("Pod People"). A running gag during the film, which sported an ambient noise soundtrack similar to the music typical of the show, was to imitate the announcer of the program. One of the host segments featured "Music from Some Guys in Space" as a parody of the show. According to the "Amazing Colossal Episode Guide", the "MST3k" staff were sent several albums from the "Hearts of Space" producers after the episode aired.

</doc>
<doc id="2874014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874014" title="Robert Cook (programmer)">
Robert Cook (programmer)

Robert Cook is a co-founder of Metaweb. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874021" title="Simple interactive object extraction">
Simple interactive object extraction

Simple interactive object extraction (SIOX) is an algorithm for extracting foreground objects from color images and videos with very little user interaction. It has been implemented as "foreground selection" tool in the GIMP (since version 2.3.3), as part of the tracer tool in Inkscape (since 0.44pre3), and as function in ImageJ and Fiji (plug-in). Experimental implementations were also reported for Blender and Krita. Although the algorithm was originally designed for videos, virtually all implementations use SIOX primarily for still image segmentation. In fact, it is often said to be the current de facto standard for this task in the open-source world.
Initially, a free hand selection tool is used to specify the region of interest. It must contain all foreground objects to extract and as few background as possible. The pixels outside the region of interest form the sure background while the inner region define a superset of the foreground, i.e. the unknown region. A so-called foreground brush is then used to mark representative foreground regions. The algorithm outputs a selection mask. The selection can be refined by either adding further foreground markings or by adding background markings using the background brush.
Technically, the algorithm performs the following steps: 
For video segmentation the sure background and sure foreground regions are learned from motion statistics. SIOX also features tools that allow sub-pixel accurate refinement of edges and high texture areas, the so-called "detail refinement brushes".
As with all segmentation algorithms, there are always pictures where the algorithm does not yield perfect results. The most critical drawback of SIOX is the color dependence. Although many photos are well-separable by color, the algorithm cannot deal with camouflage. If the foreground and background share many identical shades of similar colors, the algorithm might give a result with parts missing or incorrectly classified foreground. SIOX performs about equally well on different benchmarks compared to graph-based segmentation methods, such as Grabcut. SIOX is, however, more noise robust and can therefore also be used for the segmentation of videos. Graph-based segmentation methods search for a minimum cut and therefore tend to not perform optimally with complex structures.
The algorithm has initially been developed at the department of computer science at Freie Universitaet Berlin. The main developer, Gerald Friedland, is now a researcher at the International Computer Science Institute in Berkeley, California and continues to support the development through mentoring, e.g. in the Google Summer of Code.

</doc>
<doc id="2874023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874023" title="SIOX">
SIOX

SIOX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874025" title="Timeline of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season">
Timeline of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season

The Timeline of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season documents the formations, strengthenings, weakenings, landfalls, extratropical transitions, and dissipations of the season's tropical and subtropical storms. The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season was the most active Atlantic hurricane season in recorded history. The season saw a record twenty-eight tropical or subtropical storms of which a record four storms achieved Category 5 status. Officially beginning on June 1, 2005, and lasting until November 30, the 2005 season persisted into January 2006 due to continued storm activity.
The graphical bar below gives a brief overview of storm activity during the season. Each storm's maximum intensity is represented by the color of its bar. Tropical Storm Zeta persisted into 2006 necessitating the addition of January 2006 in both the graphical and text timelines. The timeline also makes use of information which was not operationally released. Every year, the National Hurricane Center re-analyzes all of the systems of the previous hurricane season and revises their storm histories. New data that was not available while the storm was active is incorporated into these revisions. In this season the revisions were very significant, as an unnamed subtropical storm that went entirely unnoticed was discovered during the post-season review.

</doc>
<doc id="2874029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874029" title="Logan O'Brien">
Logan O'Brien

Logan Craig O'Brien (born January 21, 1992) is an American child actor and singer. O'Brien is best known for his role as Lucas Jones on "General Hospital".
Life and career.
O'Brien was born in Los Angeles, California, to a doctor mother and a police sergeant father. He started his career at the age of six, after being cast in his first feature film role in the independent film "Special Delivery", starring Sean Young, Penny Marshall and Nell Carter. He followed that up with co-starring roles in Disney's "Smart House", and "Hallmark Hall of Fame"'s "A Season for Miracles", with Laura Dern and Lynn Redgrave. He also appeared in a duet entitled "Younger Generation" with singer Joey Pearson on his album "Something to Say" in 2002.
He has been involved in many theatrical productions, earning awards and nominations for his performances, and was seen in the ABC primetime pilot sitcom "That Was Then". In 2005, O'Brien completed filming his part in the Universal Studios feature film "Serenity", directed by Joss Whedon, which premiered worldwide September 30, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2874039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874039" title="Thomas Gallagher (mayor)">
Thomas Gallagher (mayor)

Thomas Gallagher (born November 20, 1883 – March 14, 1967), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh during the transition year of 1959.
Early life.
Gallagher was born in Pittsburgh and started his career as a glassblower in the industrial plants of the region. He ran successfully as a Union representative during his blue collar days.
Pittsburgh politics.
He started his public political career in the Commonwealth Assembly representing Pittsburgh neighborhoods in Harrisburg. In 1933 he came back to the city and was elected City Councilmember. He served in that city legislative post for over twenty years climbing to the leadership position of Council President, one step below Mayor. When David L. Lawrence resigned his post as the city's top executive to assume the governorship of Pennsylvania, Gallagher succeeded him as Mayor. He completed and provided the final push on several of the great Lawrence projects, presiding over the opening of the Fort Pitt Tunnel among other things. He also dealt with a lengthy and contentious Steelworkers strike that struck at the heart of the blue collar city.
In September 1959 Mayor Gallagher did what only a handful of American mayors have ever done. He welcomed Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev at the Pittsburgh International Airport while the Premier was on his goodwill tour of the United States. Legend has it that the mayor had to explain that the onion domes along the Monongahela River valley that Kruschev saw were not a Potemkin Village built to impress him but the hard labor and heritage of slavs and Russian immigrants.
Later life.
After stepping down as Mayor he was again elected to a term on City Council, the body that he made his biggest political impact during his life. He died on March 14, 1967 and is buried in Pittsburgh's Roman Catholic Calvary Cemetery.
Honors.
An overlook on scenic Mt. Washington on Pittsburgh's southside is named for Mayor Gallagher.

</doc>
<doc id="2874041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874041" title="Joint stiffness">
Joint stiffness

Joint stiffness may be either the symptom of pain on moving a joint, the symptom of loss of range of motion or the physical sign of reduced range of motion. Doctors prefer the latter two uses but patients often use the first meaning.

</doc>
<doc id="2874042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874042" title="Green College">
Green College

Green College may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874053" title="Tom Chambers (basketball)">
Tom Chambers (basketball)

Thomas Doane Chambers (born June 21, 1959) is a retired American NBA basketball player. Known for his strong shooting and high-flying dunks, Chambers played professionally from 1981 to 1997. At 6'10", he played at the power forward position as a professional, and was selected to four NBA All-Star Games as a member of the Seattle SuperSonics and the Phoenix Suns.
Biography.
High school.
He starred at Fairview High School in Boulder, Colorado before attending the University of Utah. Hailing from an athletic family, Chambers was a promising 6-2 guard at the end of his sophomore year. Suddenly, he grew six inches during the next six months. As a junior, teammates marveled that he had not lost any coordination with that growth. A broken wrist as a senior forced him to use his left hand more, improving his game. An all-Colorado high school player, he was hotly recruited and enrolled at Utah.
College.
At Utah, Chambers played center with star forward Danny Vranes. The two led successful teams in the Western Athletic Conference. An excellent athlete, some doubted Chambers would be successful at the NBA level as he would not likely remain a center there. But he ran the floor very well and had good shooting range. So the-then San Diego Clippers took a gamble on Chambers in the 1981 NBA Draft, taking him eighth overall.
Professional career.
Chambers was drafted by the San Diego Clippers with the eighth pick of the 1981 NBA Draft. A college center, he began to spend time at forward for the first time. On the injury-riddled young Clippers roster his rookie year, Chambers somehow ended up the team's top scorer at 17.2 points per game. He made a healthy 52.5% of his shots. The following year, the team drafted Terry Cummings, and the club felt it had to choose between the two young prospects.
Seattle made him the target of a multi-player deal in August, 1983. Teaming with center Jack Sikma and guard Gus Williams, Chambers became a key piece to a winning team in just his third NBA season. He played all 82 games and averaged 18.1 points per game in the team-oriented attack.
The following year, though, Williams was traded, and the point guard who emerged was Gerald Henderson. This key relationship, with Chambers being set up increasingly to catch passes and score, would be strained at best. After posting a team-high 21.5 points per game the season before, Chambers fell to third-most on the team in shot attempts, taking just 28 shots more than Henderson himself that season. He still somehow lead the team at 18.5 points per game, but felt he was being passed around in the offense. The team also declined in the standings.
1986-87, however, was a big season for Chambers. Rookie Nate McMillan took over Henderson's spot and Chambers became one of three key scorers for the Sonics. He posted 23.3 points per game to reach All-Star status for the first time. Chambers' game included plenty of flying drives to the rim, but also made good use of three-point shooting, and a very smart free throw game, where he collected plenty of attempts and put fouls on opponents. Chambers hit 85% of 630 free throw tries that season. He also again played all 82 games.
He was the star of the 1987 NBA All-Star Game, played in Seattle. The handsome, popular blonde-haired scorer poured in 34 points on 13 of 25 shooting and was named Game's Most Valuable Player before a roaring home crowd. 
Chambers was now clearly the star of his team, but was also again seemingly passed around in 1987-88, again third on the team in shot attempts. Chambers again felt he was being held back, and Seattle had not yet made out of the first round of the playoffs. His 20.4 points per game would conclude his five-year run there.
An avid hunter and horseback rider, Chambers had no interest in playing outside of his native West. He accepted a then-very pricey offer to join the Phoenix Suns in June, 1988. Seattle declined to match the offer. His next three All-Star appearances would be as a Sun, the team he still works for today.
In Phoenix, coach Cotton Fitzsimmons expected Chambers to shoot the ball. In 1988-89, Chambers posted 25.7 points per game, In 1989-90, his total rose to 27.2 points per game. Just as his scoring hit new highs, his team also won. Each season, the team reached the Western Conference Finals as well. Point guard Kevin Johnson was the passer Chambers had long awaited and the duo became an outstanding NBA tandem for Phoenix. 
Former Seattle teammate Xavier McDaniel joined the team in 1990-91, and the now 31-year-old Chambers again accepted a more team-oriented role for the Suns. His scoring, and the team's success, declined. He had been twice named All-NBA Second Team, but now just tried to fit in.
In 1992-93, the fifth and final season in Phoenix, Charles Barkley arrived to give the team the rebounder the team had long needed to truly contend. The now 33-year-old Chambers accepted a role as Sixth Man, while Barkley and Dan Majerle were the team's key scorers. This version of the team went 62-20 and made the NBA Finals, but lost to Michael Jordan's Chicago Bulls.
Chambers still felt he had more to contribute, and accepted an offer to join the Utah Jazz in August, 1993. He would back up star Karl Malone and re-team with Jeff Hornacek from the Suns. The Jazz improved immediately and made it to the 1994 Western Conference Finals. Now age 35, Chambers had one more year to give before retiring as a 20,000 point NBA scorer. 
Chambers joined Maccabi Tel Aviv for a season of play in Israel. Largely used up as a player, the 1995-96 season there was his last.
All told, Chambers appeared in sixteen total NBA seasons as a member of the Clippers, Seattle SuperSonics, Phoenix Suns, Utah Jazz, Charlotte Hornets, and Philadelphia 76ers. Chambers scored 20,049 total points in the NBA for a career average of 18.1 points per game. His career high was a 60 point performance with the Suns against the Sonics on March 24, 1990. He appeared in four NBA All-Star Games during his career (1987, 1989, 1990, and 1991), earning game MVP honors in 1987 after scoring 34 points. He also played in the 1993 NBA Finals as a member of the Suns, but his team lost to the Chicago Bulls.
In April 1999, Chambers was inducted into the Phoenix Suns Ring of Honor, and became the first inductee since the Ring of Honor was installed at the then-America West Arena (now U.S. Airways Center). As part of the induction ceremony, he received a bronze statue by artist Sam Wickey recreating his 1989 dunk over the New York Knicks guard Mark Jackson.
Personal life.
After his playing career ended, Chambers became a community relations representative for the Suns. He now owns the Tom Chambers Shooting Star Ranch in North Ogden, Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="2874054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874054" title="Japan National Route 6">
Japan National Route 6

Features.
Originating in Chūō, Tokyo (at Nihonbashi, which also marks the origins of Routes 1, 4, 14, 15, 17 and 20), it ends in Miyagino-ku, Sendai (at the Nigatake interchange, junction with Route 45, also the origin of Route 47)
Major cities and villages it passes through include: Kashiwa, Toride, Tsuchiura, Ishioka, Mito, Hitachi, Iwaki, Tomioka, Ōkuma, Sōma, Watari, Iwanuma
The actual terminus is Iwanuma in Miyagi (at the Fujinami intersection) which is the junction of Routes 4 and 6. In the areas north of Iwanuma which overlap with the Route 4, signboards for Route 6 are not posted. The distance from Tokyo to Iwanuma is at total . This is equivalent to the distance from Mito to Kakegawa / Ichinoseki.
Lengthened Tōkaidō.
Route 6 is a part of the lengthened Tōkaidō which connects the Kansai region (Kinai), or Nara and Kyoto in particular, and the Pacific coast of Tōhoku (called the Tagajō).
During the Ritsuryō period, roads from Kinai to the Tagajō were divided into two: the "Tōkaidō" eastern sea road (via Nagoya, Hamamatsu, Tokyo and Mito) and the "Tōsandō" eastern mountain road (via Gifu, Shiojiri, Takasaki and Utsunomiya). 
During the foundation of Kamakura Kanagawa, Ritsiryō Tōkaidō was divided into two roads: the "westward Tōkaidō" which connects southern Kantō (Kamakura, Edo, Tokyo) and Kyoto, and the "northward Tōkaidō" which connects southern Kantō and Pacific coasts of Tōhoku. Since the foundation of Edo, Tōkaidō was narrowed by the Tokugawa Shogunate, the "westward Tōkaidō" functioned as a seaside road to Kyoto and the "northward Tōkaidō" functioned as one to the Pacific coasts of Tōhoku.
Ritsuryō Tōkaidō, west from Tokyo is now the Route 1, Ritsuryō Tōkaidō, north from Tokyo, Route 6.
Nuclear dense zone.
One side of Route 6 is known as the "nuclear dense zone". Tōkaimura (the first nuclear power plant of Japan), Ōkuma (center of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster) and Naraha (location of the Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant) are located on adjacent of Route 6.
Overlapping sections.
The following sections of Route 6 overlap with other routes:
Suspension due to nuclear disaster.
Due to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, access is prohibited to a zone of radius from the Fukushima Daiichi NPP. Barriers to Route 6 are located in Hirono (the Iwaki side) and Haranomachi (the Sōma side).

</doc>
<doc id="2874059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874059" title="Imad al-Dawla">
Imad al-Dawla

Ali ibn Buya (), known by his "laqab" (honorific epithet) Imad al-Dawla (c. 891/2 – December 949), was the founder of the Buyid dynasty in Iran (in Shiraz, 934–949).
Early career.
Ali first entered the services of the Samanids under Nasr II, where he became a member of the ruler's entourage. From there he eventually joined Makan, who ruled Gorgan and Ray as a governor of the Samanids, in around 928. He may have done so at Nasr's suggestion; in any case, he managed to occupy a high position under Makan and gained army commissions for his two younger brothers, Hasan and Ahmad. In 930, however, Makan rebelled against the Samanids by seizing Khurasan; he was subsequently attacked by the Ziyarid prince Mardavij and forced to give up Tabaristan. 
Ali and his brothers managed to defect to Mardavij's side just as the Ziyarid was preparing to undertake the conquest to the south of the Alborz mountains as far as Qazvin. Not long afterwards Mardavij granted Ali administrative rule over Karaj, a strategically important town probably situated near modern Bahramabad. While making a stop in Ray on his way to Karaj, however, Ali was warned by Mardavij's vizier al-'Amid that the Ziyarid was planning to eliminate him. Hurriedly leaving Ray, he arrived at and took over Karaj.
With a small number of Dailamite troops to support him, Ali sought to expand his position. Moving against the heretical Khurramites, who controlled the surrounding mountains, he gained control of the region and was heavily enriched by the expeditions. At the same time, he managed to maintain his troops' loyalty, despite Mardavij's attempts to incite them against their master.
Foundation of the Buyid state.
In order to further secure his position, Ali decided to seize the nearby city of Isfahan, then under control of the Abbasid governor Yaqut. The enemy army outnumbered Ali's, but a large portion of it defected to him upon his appearance before the city. Yaqut, however, refused to negotiate with him, and Mardavij's approach forced him to abandon Isfahan in favor of the Ziyarids. Having fled Karaj as well, Ali now took Arrajan, a city between Fars and Khuzestan.
Having stayed for the winter in Arrajan, Ali decided to campaign in Fars in the spring of 933. There he encountered the resistance of Yaqut, who was also the governor of Fars and from whom Ali had stripped Arrajan. He also found an ally, Zaid ibn 'Ali al-Naubandagani, a wealthy landowner who disliked the Abbasids. After a series of battles, Ali managed to prove the victor. By May or June 934, he entered Shiraz, the capital of Fars. 
In order to prevent Mardavij from pressing claims on his territory, Ali sought the recognition of the Abbasid Caliph, who confirmed him as his viceroy in September or October 934. Although the caliph's emissary arrived with the insignia for his office, however, Ali delayed giving the requisite tribute; by the time the emissary died in Shiraz two years later, the tribute was still unpaid. 
Mardavij continued to pose a threat; he decided to invade Khuzestan, which was still under caliphal control, in order to sever the Buyids from the Caliphate. This invasion prompted the caliph to reach an agreement with the Ziyarid, which forced Ali to recognize Mardavij's authority. This recognition proved short-lived, as Mardavij was assassinated in January of 935. Ali then decided to press claims on Khuzestan, and occupied 'Askar Mukram. The Buyid and the caliph then came to terms with one another; the latter confirmed Ali in his possession of Fars and gave Khuzestan to Yaqut.
The Buyid empire takes shape.
Bolstered by many of Mardavij's Turkish mercenaries that had joined him, as well as the collapse of Ziyarid control over central Iran, Ali decided that Isfahan should be taken. He sent his brother Hasan to accomplish this. Hasan initially managed to take Isfahan but later encountered difficulties (for details about his campaigns in central Iran, see Rukn al-Dawla). After Hasan took Isfahan, Ali sent his other brother Ahmad (see Mu'izz al-Dawla) to take Kerman. Although the bulk of that province was compelled to recognize Buyid authority, direct control was not established, and Ali eventually recalled him.
Ali next sent Ahmad to Khuzestan, where the Basrian clan of the Baridis had become the de facto rulers of the province but were trying to throw off caliphal rule. They asked Ali for their struggle against the Abbasids, providing the pretext for Ahmad to enter Khuzestan. Although the Baridis temporarily recovered the province and even managed to take Baghdad a few times, Ahmad eventually took control of Khuzestan himself. From Khuzestan Ahmad waged a series of campaigns in Iraq, until in 945 he entered Baghdad. The caliph then gave him the title of ""Mu'izz al-Dawla"", while Ali and Hasan were given the titles of "Imad al-Dawla" and "Rukn al-Dawla," respectively. By 948 Rukn al-Dawla had also secured his position in central Iran, causing a clear definition of the borders of the Buyid state.
Imad al-Dawla was not the master of the entire Buyid empire. Rukn al-Dawla, partly as a result of Imad al-Dawla's failure to send him military support during his struggles in central Iran, was relatively independent of his brother. Mu'izz al-Dawla, on the other hand, had been given support by his brother in his efforts to take Khuzestan, and was a subordinate of Imad al-Dawla. He was not listed as an independent ruler on contemporary sources, and the name of his brother appeared before his own on coins struck by him. Despite the fact that Mu'izz al-Dawla's capture of Baghdad resulted in him gaining the title of senior amir ("amir al-umara"), which in theory made him the highest ranking individual out of all three Buyids, he remained little more than a provincial ruler under Imad al-Dawla's authority. Imad al-Dawla himself claimed the title of senior amir during his lifetime, and although he never officially held it, nor was entitled to do so, he was recognized as the de facto holder of that position.
Imad al-Dawla's lack of an heir posed a problem until shortly before his death. A few months beforehand, he settled on Rukn al-Dawla's eldest son Fana Khusraw as his successor. He died in December 949, and his brothers helped to install Fana-Khusrau (who took the title of "'Adud al-Dawla") in Shiraz. Rukn al-Dawla, who was the most powerful of the Buyids, claimed the title of senior amir for himself and received both Mu'izz al-Dawla's and 'Adud al-Dawla's recognition as such.

</doc>
<doc id="2874067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874067" title="Nagasaki Naval Training Center">
Nagasaki Naval Training Center

The was a naval training institute, between 1855 when it was established by the government of the Tokugawa shogunate, until 1859, when it was transferred to Tsukiji in Edo.
During the Bakumatsu period, the Japanese government faced increasing incursions by ships from western nations, intent on ending the country's two centuries of national seclusion. These efforts cumulated in the landing of United States Commodore Commodore Perry in 1854, resulting in the Treaty of Kanagawa and the opening of Japan to foreign trade. The Tokugawa government decided to order modern steam warships and to build a naval training center as part of its modernization efforts to meet the perceived military threat posed by the navies of the western nations.
History.
The training center was established near the Dutch settlement of Dejima in Nagasaki, where maximum interaction with Dutch naval technology would be possible. Nagai Naoyuki was appointed the first director with a first class of 37 cadets from the various "hatamoto" with fealty directly to the Shōgun, and 128 cadets sent from the various feudal han (16 from Satsuma Domain, 28 from Fukuoka Domain, 15 from Chōshū Domain, 47 from Saga Domain, 5 from Kumamoto Domain, 12 from Tsu Domain, 4 from Fukuyama Domain and one from Kakegawa Domain).Katsu Kaishū was director of training under Nagai starting from 1855, until 1859, when he was commissioned as an officer in the Shogunal navy the following year.
Royal Dutch Navy officers were in charge of education, the first being Pels Rijcken (from 1855 to 1857), and the second Willem Huyssen van Kattendijke (from 1857–1859). Western medical science was taught by J. L. C. Pompe van Meerdervoort. The curriculum was weighed towards navigation and western science. The center was also equipped with Japan's first steamship, "Kankō Maru" given by the King of the Netherlands in 1855. It was later joined by the "Kanrin Maru" and the "Chōyō".
The Nagasaki Naval Training Center provided not only samurai students but also local domain students with opportunities to pursue systematic Western-style naval training. The students gradually overcame language and other barriers and learned various modern naval skills and marine technology and organization . Under the guidance of Dutch instructors, the Shogunate built a factory for the repair of naval ships as a part of the School's supporting facilities. This was the first modern factory in Japan utilizing machinery imported from Europe. 
The number of cadets from various domains proved unwieldy, and the second class of 1856 was reduced to only 12 cadets, all from the "hatamoto" in Edo. The third class of 1857 has 26 cadets. The future Admiral Enomoto Takeaki was one of the students of the Nagasaki Training Center. The Training Center was closed in 1859, and education transferred to Tsukiji Naval Training Center in Edo, where the "Kankō Maru" was also sailed by a Japanese-only crew. 
The decision to terminate the School was made for political reasons, arising from the Japanese side as well as from the Dutch side. While the Dutch feared that the other Western powers would suspect that they were helping the Japanese accumulate naval power to repulse Westerners, the Shogunate became reluctant to give samurai from traditionally anti-Tokugawa domains opportunities to learn modern naval technology. 
Although the Nagasaki Naval Training Center was short-lived, it had considerable direct and indirect influence on future Japanese society. The Nagasaki Naval Training Center educated many naval officers and engineers who would later become not only founders of the Imperial Japanese Navy but also promoters of Japan's shipbuilding and other industries.

</doc>
<doc id="2874076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874076" title="Cobham Intermediate School">
Cobham Intermediate School

Cobham Intermediate School is a state intermediate school in North West Christchurch, New Zealand. 
Cobham was originally named Fendalton Intermediate but that caused confusion between Fendalton Open Air School so the governor-general of New Zealand, Viscount Cobham, allowed Cobham to use his name. At the end of term 1 in 2011 long running principal Trevor Beaton left Cobham Intermediate to retire. Scott Thelning from Mt. Pleasant School took over as principal in Term 3 2011.
Cobham today.
Cobham is currently the largest intermediate school in the South Island. It is known all around New Zealand as a prosperous school in cultural, academic and sporting events. For example, in 2005, Cobham won the Cantamath competition (a mathematics competition for schools around the Canterbury Region) in both the year 7 and 8 competition. And many musicians and singers from this school participate in the Lions Primary School Music Festival (A series of concerts for primary and intermediate schools around Canterbury) This school is also advanced in new technology and electronics.

</doc>
<doc id="2874078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874078" title="Merville, British Columbia">
Merville, British Columbia

Merville is an unincorporated community in the Comox Valley between the City of Courtenay, Mount Washington, Dove Creek, and Black Creek near the east coast of Vancouver Island. It was named by soldiers returning to the Island after fighting in France for Canada in World War I.
The borders are nebulous and often hotly debated by residents, but clearly include Merville Road, the Merville General Store, and the Merville Community Hall, likely at the northern end. The agricultural community has outlasted and may have supplanted both the older logging and milling community referred to as the Headquarters townsite (along the Tsolum River at the end of Headquarters Road), and the Grantham community near Tsolum Elementary School.

</doc>
<doc id="2874081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874081" title="Lottery mathematics">
Lottery mathematics

Lottery mathematics is used here to mean the calculation of the probabilities in a lottery game. The lottery game used in the examples below is one in which one selects 6 numbers from 49, and hopes that as many of those 6 as possible match the 6 that are randomly selected from the same pool of 49 numbers in the "draw".
Calculation explained in choosing 6 from 49.
In a typical 6/49 game, six numbers are drawn from a range of 49 and if the six numbers on a ticket match the numbers drawn, the ticket holder is a jackpot winner—this is true no matter in which order the numbers appear. The probability of this happening is 1 in 13,983,816.
This small chance of winning can be demonstrated as follows:
Starting with a bag of 49 differently-numbered lottery balls, there are 49 different but equally likely ways of choosing the number of the first ball selected from the bag, and so there is a 1 in 49 chance of predicting the number correctly. When the draw comes to the second number, there are now only 48 balls left in the bag (because the balls already drawn are not returned to the bag) so there is now a 1 in 48 chance of predicting this number.
Thus for each of the 49 ways of choosing the first number there are 48 different ways of choosing the second. This means that the probability of correctly predicting 2 numbers drawn from 49 in the correct order is calculated as 1 in 49 × 48. On drawing the third number there are only 47 ways of choosing the number; but of course we could have arrived at this point in any of 49 × 48 ways, so the chances of correctly predicting 3 numbers drawn from 49, again in the correct order, is 1 in 49 × 48 × 47. This continues until the sixth number has been drawn, giving the final calculation, 49 × 48 × 47 × 46 × 45 × 44, which can also be written as formula_1. This works out to a very large number, 10,068,347,520, which is much bigger than the 14 million stated above.
The last step is to understand that the order of the 6 numbers is not significant. That is, if a ticket has the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, it wins as long as all the numbers 1 through 6 are drawn, no matter what order they come out in. Accordingly, given any set of 6 numbers, there are 6 × 5 × 4 × 3 × 2 × 1 = 6! or 720 orders in which they could be drawn. Dividing 10,068,347,520 by 720 gives 13,983,816, also written as 49! / (6! × (49 - 6)!), or more generally as
This function is called the combination function; in Microsoft Excel, this function is implemented as COMBIN("n", "k"). For example, COMBIN(49, 6) (the calculation shown above), would return 13,983,816. For the rest of this article, we will use the notation formula_3. "Combination" means the group of numbers selected, irrespective of the order in which they are drawn.
An alternative method of calculating the odds is to never make the erroneous assumption that balls must be selected in a certain order. The probability of the first ball corresponding to one of the six chosen is 6/49; the probability of the second ball corresponding to one of the remaining five chosen is 5/48; and so on. This yields a final formula of
The range of possible combinations for a given lottery can be referred to as the "number space". "Coverage" is the percentage of a lottery's number space that is in play for a given drawing.
Odds of getting other possibilities in choosing 6 from 49.
One must divide the number of combinations producing the given result by the total number of possible combinations (for example, formula_5, as explained in the section above). The numerator equates to the number of ways one can select the winning numbers multiplied by the number of ways one can select the losing numbers.
For a score of "n" (for example, if 3 of your numbers match the 6 balls drawn, then "n" = 3), there are formula_6 ways of selecting "n" winning numbers from the 6 winning numbers. This means that there are 6 - n losing numbers, which are chosen from the 43 losing numbers in formula_7 ways. The total number of combinations giving that result is, as stated above, the first number multiplied by the second. The expression is therefore formula_8.
This can be written in a general form for all lotteries as:
formula_9, where formula_10 is the number of balls in lottery, formula_11 is the number of balls in a single ticket, and formula_12 is the number of matching balls for a winning ticket.
The generalisation of this formula is called the hypergeometric distribution (the HYPGEOMDIST() function in most popular spreadsheets).
This gives the following results:
Pick8-32 Odds and Calculations.
The Pick8-32 Lottery game by Trillion Coins implements a lotto game ticket where 8 numbers from 01 to 32 are selected in any order and can be repeated. The odds of a play ticket matching all 8 numbers is simple to calculate and is illustrated by the following math.
Which means there is a 1 in 27,269,633 chance of matching all 8 numbers. The Trillion Coins lottery is a pay out on every drawing lotto game so players have much better overall odds of winning and the odds are dependent on the total number of tickets that are played.math with # players. With this game you can win simply by matching more numbers than anyone else.
Powerballs And Bonus Balls.
Many lotteries have a powerball (or "bonus ball"). If the powerball is drawn from a pool of numbers "different" from the main lottery, then simply multiply the odds by the number of powerballs. For example, in the 6 from 49 lottery, if there were 10 powerball numbers, then the odds of getting a score of 3 and the powerball would be 1 in 56.66 × 10, or 566.6 (the "probability" would be divided by 10, to give an exact value of 8815/4994220). Another example of such a game is Mega Millions, albeit with different jackpot odds.
Where more than 1 powerball is drawn from a separate pool of balls to the main lottery (for example, in the Euromillions game), the odds of the different possible powerball matching scores should be calculated using the method shown in the "other scores" section above (in other words, treat the powerballs like a mini-lottery in their own right), and then multiplied by the odds of achieving the required main-lottery score.
If the powerball is drawn from the "same" pool of numbers as the main lottery, then, for a given target score, one must calculate the number of winning combinations, including the powerball. For games based on the Canadian lottery (such as the lottery of the United Kingdom), after the 6 main balls are drawn, an extra ball is drawn from the same pool of balls, and this becomes the powerball (or "bonus ball"), and there is an extra prize for matching 5 balls and the bonus ball. As described in the "other scores" section above, the number of ways one can obtain a score of 5 from a single ticket is formula_14 or 258. Since the number of remaining balls is 43, and the ticket has 1 unmatched number remaining, 1/43 of these 258 combinations will match the next ball drawn (the powerball). So, there are 258/43 = 6 ways of achieving it. Therefore, the odds of getting a score of 5 and the powerball are formula_15 = 1 in 2,330,636.
Of the 258 combinations that match 5 of the main 6 balls, in 42/43 of them the remaining number will not match the powerball, giving odds of formula_16 = 3/166,474 (approximately 55,491.33) for obtaining a score of 5 without matching the powerball.
Using the same principle, to calculate the odds of getting a score of 2 and the powerball, calculate the number of ways to get a score of 2 as formula_17 = 1,851,150 then multiply this by the probability of one of the remaining four numbers matching the bonus ball, which is 4/43. Since 1,851,150 × (4/43) = 172,200, the probability of obtaining the score of 2 and the bonus ball is formula_18 = 1025/83237. This gives approximate decimal odds of 81.2.
The general formula for formula_12 matching balls in a formula_10 choose formula_11 lottery with one bonus ball from the formula_10 pool of balls is:
formula_23
The general formula for formula_12 matching balls in a formula_10 choose formula_11 lottery with zero bonus ball from the formula_10 pool of balls is:
formula_28
The general formula for formula_12 matching balls in a formula_10 choose formula_11 lottery with one bonus ball from a separate pool of formula_32 balls is:
formula_33
The general formula for formula_12 matching balls in a formula_10 choose formula_11 lottery with no bonus ball from a separate pool of formula_32 balls is:
formula_38
Minimum number of tickets for a match.
It is a hard, in most cases open, mathematical problem to calculate the minimum number of tickets one needs to purchase to guarantee that at least one of these tickets matches at least 2 numbers. In the 5-from-90 lotto, the minimum number that can guarantee a ticket with at least 2 matches is 100.

</doc>
<doc id="2874090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874090" title="EnergyAustralia">
EnergyAustralia

EnergyAustralia (former name: TRUenergy) is an electricity generation, electricity and gas retailing private company in Australia that is owned by Hong Kong-based and listed CLP Group. EnergyAustralia also has a portfolio of generating sites using thermal coal, natural gas, hydro-electric, solar energy, and wind power.
The company was founded in 1995 and its headquarters are located in Melbourne, Victoria. 
History.
Called TRUenergy, the company was formed in 1995 from the combination of retail and generation assets purchased from Singapore Power (who in turn purchased them from TXU Corp), and CLP's own Yallourn Power Station, in Victoria's Latrobe Valley. In 2011, TRUenergy acquired retail business and trade name from the state–owned enterprise, EnergyAustralia from the NSW Government. Following the divestment of its retail assets, the name of the government–owned enterprise was changed to Ausgrid. Subsequently, in 2012, TRUenergy changed its name to EnergyAustralia.
In late 2011, there were media reports that TRUenergy may be floated in 2012 and later reported that this initial offering may be considered in 2013.
On 15th May 2014 Energy Australia announced Catherine Tanna as new Managing Director of the company.
Operations.
EnergyAustralia supplies natural gas and electricity to more than 1.25 million residential and business customers throughout Australia. In addition to the retail function, EnergyAustralia has a significant portfolio of industrial and commercial customers, and a 5 billion portfolio of energy assets, including an underground natural gas storage facility at Iona near Port Campbell, a master hedge agreement with Ecogen for of gas-fired electricity and power stations at Yallourn, Victoria and Hallett Power Station, in South Australia.
Energy generation and assets.
The following assets are included within EnergyAustralia's portfolio:

</doc>
<doc id="2874096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874096" title="St Nicholas' Church, Leicester">
St Nicholas' Church, Leicester

St Nicholas' Church is an Anglican parish church, and the oldest place of worship, in Leicester, England.
Location.
It is situated next to the Jewry Wall, the remnant of the city's Roman baths. To the east is the site of the Roman forum.
Today, the church lies just outside the city's inner ring road. Despite being some distance from the campus, it is the official church of the University of Leicester.
History.
Parts of the church fabric certainly date from circa AD 880, and a recent architectural survey suggested possible Roman building work. The tower is Norman. By 1825 the church was in an extremely poor condition, and plans were made for its demolition. Instead, it was extensively renovated between 1875 and 1884, including the building of a new north aisle. Renovation continued into the twentieth century.
Organ.
The organ was built in 1890 by the local firm of J. Porritt, and incorporates pipework of an earlier organ by an unknown builder dating from the 1830s. In 1975, the organ was cleaned and overhauled by J. W. Walker & Sons at a cost of around £4,500, and has continued to be refurbished periodically since then.
Bells.
The church has three bells, dated 1617, 1656 and 1710, that had been taken down from the tower in 1949 and replaced by one big bell. As part of the millennium celebrations, the three bells were rehung at a total cost of £5,848, paid for by an appeal. Because the tower is not very strong, they were re-hung for stationary chiming (not swung). The smallest bell, which was cracked, was repaired, and all three bells were taken away to Hayward Mills Associates Bell Hangers of Nottingham. They were returned to the church in July 2002, and were rung to welcome Queen Elizabeth II on her Jubilee Visit to Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="2874115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874115" title="The Phalanx">
The Phalanx

The Phalanx; or Journal of Social Science is a Fourierist journal published in New York City, edited by Albert Brisbane and Osborne Macdaniel from 1843 to 1845.
"The Phalanx" was eventually moved, along with another publication called "The Social Reformer" to Brook Farm in West Roxbury, Massachusetts. They became one journal called "The Harbinger"; its first issue was published on June 14, 1845. Its first issue under this title announced its mission:
After Brook Farm's dissolution, the publication was eventually moved to New York City under the editorial control of George Ripley and Charles Anderson Dana where it continued weekly until October 1847. In addition to Ripley and Dana, early contributors to "The Harbinger" included Parke Godwin, James Russell Lowell, William Wetmore Story, John Greenleaf Whittier, and Nathaniel Parker Willis. Edgar Allan Poe, who strongly distrusted the Utopian movements, referred to "The Harbinger" as "the most reputable organ of the Crazyites".

</doc>
<doc id="2874119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874119" title="Continentalism">
Continentalism

Continentalism refers to the agreements or policies that favor the regionalization and/or cooperation between nations within a continent. The term is used more often in the European and North American contexts, but the concept has been applied to other continents including Australia, Africa and South America.
Continentalism in North America.
United States.
Historically, the United States of America saw itself as a blossoming continental nation-state. Accordingly, the first governing body for the North American colonists was called the Continental Congress, which sought to receive delegates from across the British colonized areas of the continent, including the future Canadian provinces of Quebec and Nova Scotia. 
Continentalism later became largely associated with the ideology of Manifest Destiny, which included Spanish territories (now Latin America), the western U.S. as well as Canada. Due to this, the continentalism grew so much in the United States that it transformed into nationalism. Most of the inhabitants of this country, if not all, call themselves "Americans" as a demonym, and say "America" to refer to the country instead of the continents of North and South America. For a more extensive discussion over this polemical case, read the main article: "Use of the word American".
Canada.
In Canadian political history, continentalism has referred to policies that emphasize Canadian trade and economic ties within the North American continent, particularly the United States, over those with the United Kingdom and the British Empire. In the 19th century, continentalism was one of the three main theories of Canadian nationality, the others being pro-British Imperialism, and Canadian independence.
The most extreme form of continentalism is annexationism, which advocates all or part of Canada joining the United States. Opponents of continentalism often argue that stronger ties with the United States could eventually lead to annexation, and that this is to be feared. Continentalists themselves may or may not be in favour of continuing to deepen ties with the United States beyond the economic and into areas like a customs union, common currency or political union.
The traditional proponent of continentalism was the Liberal Party of Canada, and particularly farmers and resource industries that advocated reciprocity (i.e., free trade) with the United States. The 1911 federal election was fought over the issue of a reciprocity agreement that the Liberal government of Wilfrid Laurier had negotiated with the United States, with the Conservatives of Robert Borden opposing reciprocity. The Conservatives won the election and cancelled the agreement.
However, the Progressive Conservative Party took on many continentalist policies beginning during the Brian Mulroney government in the 1980s, which promoted and successfully signed the Canada-US Free Trade Agreement and, later, the North American Free Trade Agreement. These policies were maintained by the Liberal and Conservative governments that followed.
Continentalism today is seen in both negative and positive terms. Canadian economic nationalists typically oppose continentalism. Opposing this, many pro-market neo-liberals and neo-conservatives tend to favour it, on the grounds that it opens up commercial and economic opportunities, allowing free trade between nations. As this process is taking place in parallel with and as part of a broader economic globalization, the increasing trade between Canada and the United States is not generally seen as a threat to Canadian sovereignty.
Continentalism in Australia.
Australia approved by referendums held over 1898 - 1900 "The Constitution of Australia" which united the people of the Australian Continent under a single political union separate from the United Kingdom. Further steps of independence were taken with the passage of the Statute of Westminster 1931 and the Australia Act 1986.
Continentalism in Africa.
Continentalism in Africa, commonly referred to as Pan-Africanism, is a sociopolitical world view, philosophy, and movement that seeks to unify native Africans and members of the African diaspora into a "global African community". Pan-Africanism calls for a politically united Africa.
Modern Pan-Africanism began around the beginning of the twentieth century. The African Association, later renamed the Pan-African Association, was organized by Henry Sylvester-Williams around 1887, and the first Pan-African Conference was held in 1900.
Continentalism in South America.
Continentalism in South America is linked to and associated with "Bolivarianism"'; a set of political doctrines that enjoys currency in parts of South America, especially Venezuela. Bolivarianism is named after Simón Bolívar, the 19th century Venezuelan general and liberator who led the struggle for independence throughout much of South America.
Modern support for "Bolivarianism" is centered in Venezuela and maybe partly responsible for the increased momentum and recent founding of USAN. The Union of South American Nations (Dutch: - UZAN, - UNASUL, - UNASUR) is an intergovernmental union integrating two existing customs unions: Mercosur and the Andean Community of Nations, as part of a continuing process of South American integration. It is modeled on the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="2874126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874126" title="Monopole antenna">
Monopole antenna

A monopole antenna is a class of radio antenna consisting of a straight rod-shaped conductor, often mounted perpendicularly over some type of conductive surface, called a "ground plane". The driving signal from the transmitter is applied, or for receiving antennas the output signal to the receiver is taken, between the lower end of the monopole and the ground plane. One side of the antenna feedline is attached to the lower end of the monopole, and the other side is attached to the ground plane, which is often the Earth. This contrasts with a dipole antenna which consists of two identical rod conductors, with the signal from the transmitter applied between the two halves of the antenna.
The monopole is a resonant antenna; the rod functions as a resonator for radio waves, with oscillating standing waves of voltage and current along its length. Therefore the length of the antenna is determined by the wavelength of the radio waves it is used with. The most common form is the "quarter-wave monopole", in which the antenna is approximately 1/4 of a wavelength of the radio waves. 
The monopole antenna was invented in 1895 by radio pioneer Guglielmo Marconi, who discovered if he attached one terminal of his transmitter to a long wire suspended in the air and the other to the Earth, he could transmit for longer distances. For this reason it is sometimes called a "Marconi antenna", although Alexander Popov independently invented it at about the same time. Common types of monopole antenna are the whip, rubber ducky, helical, random wire, umbrella, inverted-L and T-antenna, mast radiator, and ground plane antennas.
Radiation pattern.
Like a dipole antenna, a monopole has an omnidirectional radiation pattern. That is it radiates equal power in all azimuthal directions perpendicular to the antenna, but the radiated power varies with elevation angle, with the radiation dropping off to zero at the zenith, on the antenna axis. It radiates vertically polarized radio waves. Certain types of monopole antennas, e.g. some helical antennas, can radiate circularly polarized waves.
A monopole can be visualized "(right)" as being formed by replacing the bottom half of a vertical dipole antenna "(c)" with a conducting plane (ground plane) at right-angles to the remaining half. If the ground plane is large enough, the radio waves from the remaining upper half of the dipole "(a)" reflected from the ground plane will seem to come from an image antenna "(b)" forming the missing half of the dipole, which adds to the direct radiation to form a dipole radiation pattern. So the pattern of a monopole with a perfectly conducting, infinite ground plane is identical to the top half of a dipole pattern, with its maximum radiation in the horizontal direction, perpendicular to the antenna. Because it radiates only into the space above the ground plane, or half the space of a dipole antenna, a monopole antenna will have a gain of twice (3 dB over) the gain of a similar dipole antenna, and a radiation resistance half that of a dipole. Thus a quarter-wave monopole, the most common type, will have a gain of 5.19 dBi and a radiation resistance of about 36.8 ohms if it is mounted above a good ground plane.
The general effect of electrically small ground planes, as well as imperfectly conducting earth grounds, is to tilt the direction of maximum radiation up to higher elevation angles.
Types.
The ground plane used with a monopole may be the actual earth; in this case the antenna is mounted on the ground and one side of the feedline is connected to an earth ground at the base of the antenna. This design is used for the mast radiator antennas employed in radio broadcasting at low frequencies, as well as other low frequency antennas such as the T-antenna and umbrella antenna. At VHF and UHF frequencies the size of the ground plane needed is smaller, so artificial ground planes are used to allow the antenna to be mounted above the ground. A common type of monopole antenna at these frequencies consists of a quarter-wave whip antenna with a ground plane consisting of several wires or rods radiating horizontally or diagonally from its base; this is called a ground-plane antenna. At gigahertz frequencies the metal surface of a car roof or airplane body makes a good ground plane, so car cell phone antennas consist of short whips mounted on the roof, and aircraft communication antennas frequently consist of a short conductor in an aerodynamic fairing projecting from the fuselage; this is called a "blade antenna". The quarter-wave whip and "Rubber Ducky" antennas used with handheld radios such as walkie-talkies and cell phones are also monopole antennas. These don't use a ground plane, and the ground side of the transmitter is just connected to the ground connection on its circuit board. The hand and body of the person holding them may function as a rudimentary ground plane. 
Monopole broadcasting antennas.
When used for radio broadcasting, the radio frequency power from the broadcasting transmitter is fed across the base insulator between the tower and a ground system. The ideal ground system for AM broadcasters comprises at least 120 buried copper or phosphor bronze radial wires at least one-quarter wavelength long and a ground-screen in the immediate vicinity of the tower. All the ground system components are bonded together, usually by welding, brazing or using coin silver solder to help reduce corrosion. Monopole antennas that use guy-wires for support are called masts in some countries. In the United States, the term “mast” is generally used to describe a pipe supporting a smaller antenna, so both self-supporting and guy-wire supported radio antennas are simply called monopoles if they stand alone. If multiple monopole antennas are used in order to control the direction of radio frequency (RF) propagation, they are called directional antenna arrays.
In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) requires that the transmitter power input to the antenna be measured and maintained. The power input is calculated as the square of the measured current, formula_1, flowing into the antenna from the transmission line multiplied by the real part of the antenna's feed-point impedance, formula_2.
This impedance is periodically measured to verify the stability of the antenna and ground system. Normally, an impedance matching network matches the impedance of the antenna to the impedance of the transmission line feeding it.
Examples of monopole antennas are:
Monopole antennas have become one of the components of mobile and internet networks across the globe. Their relative low cost and fast installation makes them an obvious choice for developing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2874131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874131" title="Yallourn Power Station">
Yallourn Power Station

Yallourn Power Station was a complex of six brown coal fuelled power stations built progressively from the 1920s to the 1960s. Located in Victoria's Latrobe Valley, the complex was situated beside the Latrobe River, with the company town of Yallourn located to the south west. Today only the 1,450 MW Yallourn W plant remains, the third largest power station in Victoria which supplies 22% of state's electricity and 8% of National Electricity Market needs. The adjacent open Yallourn brown coal mine is the largest open cut coal mine in Australia, with reserves to meet the projected needs of the power station to 2032.
Yallourn A, B, C, D and E.
Power generation at Yallourn was first proposed in 1919 when the State Government appointed a committee to investigate the use of coal from the Latrobe Valley. The plant was operated by the State Electricity Commission of Victoria, and the first sod was turned at the Yallourn Power Station site in 1921. Along with the power station, the town of Yallourn was constructed nearby to house workers of the plant. Coal was moved from the open cut mine to the power station by the Yallourn 900mm Railway, a narrow gauge electric railway running along temporary tracks in the mine. The Morwell Interconnecting Railway was later provided to the Morwell power station and briquette works for the transfer of Yallourn coal to the briquette works, as Morwell mine (now called Hazelwood mine) coal did not briquette satisfactorily.
In the complex, Yallourn A was the first plant opened in 1928, with Yallourn B entering service on 11 April 1932. Yallourn A was demolished in 1968, and Yallourn B following in the early 1970s. Yallourn C, D and E stations were commissioned in 1954, 1957 and 1961 respectively, and provided the bulk of Victoria's power until Hazelwood Power Station became operational in the mid 1960s. Yallourn A,B,C & D were constructed as 'range'-type power stations that connected individual boilers to a common steam range before connecting to the turbine. C station had 2 turbo alternators, each 60MW. Steam was supplied by 6 pulverized coal burning water tube boilers. D station was exactly the same as C station. E station had 2 units each 100MW with hydrogen cooled generators but no stator water cooling. steam from 2 PF boilers. Yallourn E was the first unitised station constructed in the complex, as each boiler was paired with its own turbine.
Yallourn E station ceased generating power in January 1989, with C, D and E plants being demolished from 1995 onwards, with the site being cleared by 1999. The narrow gauge railway in the mine was replaced by conveyor belts in 1984, and the Morwell Interconnecting Railway was replaced by road haulage in 1993.
Briquette factory.
In conjunction with the power station, the open cut mine also fed a briquette factory operated by the SECV. The first stage of the factory came into operation in November 1924 with a capacity of about 400 tons per day, with a major extension approved in 1927 and completed early in 1931 increasing the capacity to 1200 tons per day. Using German technology, the factory also generated electricity, with a maximum output of approximately 10 MW it produced 220 MWhr daily, of which about 50 MWhr was used in the factory and 170 MWhr was fed into the state grid. The plant closed in 1970, after the discovery and reticulation of natural gas in Victoria which lead to the closure of the major Lurgi briquette gasification plant in Morwell. Remaining demand for briquette was met by the Morwell briquette factory that was opened in 1959 and which is still open today.
Yallourn W.
The current Yallourn W power station was built in the 1970s at Yallourn West. In 1969 it was announced that the town of Yallourn would be demolished to enable an expansion of the coal mine, with demolition commenced in the 1970s and completed by 1982. Yallourn W power station was the first Victorian generating entity to be privatised in 1996 when it was sold to a consortium including PowerGen, Itochu, AMP, Hastings and NSW State Super. The plant is currently owned by Hong Kong-based CLP and operates under the TRUenergy brand.
With the coal supply from Yallourn's East Field mine expected to be exhausted in 2007, work commenced on a diversion of the nearby Morwell River five years ago to grant unimpeded access to further coal sources from the Maryvale coal field. Without this, the power station potentially faced significant modification or even closure. The Morwell River Diversion, and the access to coal supplies it allows, will ensure Yallourn can continue to operate until 2032. The 3.5 km diversion was constructed over five years with an investment of A$122 million, and came in on time and on budget. 
On June 6, 2012, a levee bank failure resulted in the flooding of the Yallourn coal mine causing damage to its infrastructure and cutting fuel supply to the power station.
Recently, the station's name was shortened to be just "Yallourn Power Station". In late 2007, a subsidence in the mine wall resulted in the Latrobe River bursting through, damaging coal conveying plant and flooding low levels of the mine. Urgent earthwork repairs were made with the co-operation of other power generators. Coal production was limited for some weeks.
Carbon Monitoring for Action estimates this power station emits 10.7 million tonnes of greenhouse gases each year as a result of burning coal. The Australian Government has announced the introduction of a Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme commencing in 2010 to help combat climate change. It is expected to impact on emissions from power stations. The National Pollutant Inventory provides details of other pollutant emissions, but not CO2.
Fire.
On Friday 21 June 2013, a fire broke broke out in a control panel causing three units to trip. 
This multi-unit contingency caused a Pricing Event on the National Electricity Market, and the Market Operator reported the event as part of an industrial action campaign.
Police later announced their finding that the event was an act of sabotage.

</doc>
<doc id="2874132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874132" title="Forward Prizes for Poetry">
Forward Prizes for Poetry

The Forward Prizes for Poetry were created in 1991 by William Sieghart with the aim of extending poetry's audience, raising poetry's profile and linking poetry to people in new ways. The prizes do this by identifying and honouring talent. Each year, works shortlisted for the prizes - plus those highly commended by the judges - are collected in the Forward Book of Poetry.
The awards are among the most coveted poetry prizes in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland: previous winners include Thom Gunn, Seamus Heaney, Alice Oswald, Ted Hughes, Carol Ann Duffy and Kathleen Jamie.
Details.
The Forward Prizes for Poetry consist of three awards: 
The Prizes are run by the Forward Arts Foundation, which is also responsible for National Poetry Day. The director of the Forward Arts Foundation is Susannah Herbert and the assistant director is Maisie Lawrence. 
Shortlist announcement and awards ceremony.
The Forward Prizes for Poetry 2013 were awarded on 1 October at the Southbank Centre. This was the first time that the award ceremony was open to the public. The 22nd "Forward Book of Poetry", an anthology of all the poems shortlisted for the prizes or highly commended by the judges, was launched at the same event. 
2013 Shortlist.
Best Collection.
Rebecca Goss, "Her Birth "(Carcanet/Northern House)
Glyn Maxwell, "Pluto "(Picador Poetry)
Sinéad Morrissey, "Parallax "(Carcanet)
Jacob Polley, "The Havocs "(Picador Poetry)
Michael Symmons Roberts, "Drysalter "(Cape Poetry)
Best First Collection.
Emily Berry, "Dear Boy "(Faber and Faber)
Marianne Burton, "She Inserts the Key "(Seren)
Steve Ely, "Oswald's Book of Hours "(Smokestack Books)
Hannah Lowe, "Chick "(Bloodaxe Books)
Dan O'Brien, "War Reporter "(CB Editions)
Adam White, "Accurate Measurements "(Doire Press)
Best Single Poem.
Patience Agbabi, 'The Doll's House' (Poetry Review)
C. J. Allen, 'Explaining the Plot of "Blade Runner" to My Mother Who Has Alzheimer's' (Troubadour International Poetry Prize)
Rosie Shepperd, 'A Seedy Narrative or Moments of Lyrical Stillness?' (Smith|Doorstop)
Nick MacKinnon, 'The Metric System' (The Warwick Review)
Hugo Williams, 'From the Dialysis Ward' (London Review of Books)

</doc>
<doc id="2874136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874136" title="George Roussos">
George Roussos

George Roussos (August 20, 1915 – February 19, 2000), also known under the pseudonym George Bell, was an American comic book artist best known as one of Jack Kirby's Silver Age inkers, including on landmark early issues of Marvel Comics' "Fantastic Four". Over five decades, he created artwork for numerous publishers, including EC Comics, and he was a staff colorist for Marvel Comics.
Biography.
Early life and career.
George Roussos was born in Washington, D.C., the son of Greek-Americans William and Helen Roussos. After he and his sisters Helen and Alice were orphaned as children, George was sent to live at the Brooklyn Orphan Asylum in New York City, and attended Public School 125 in the Woodside neighborhood of Queens. Roussos was influenced by the art of cartoonist Frank Miller in the aviation comic strip "Barney Baxter in the Air". Other influences included Chester Gould, Stan Kaye, Robert Fawcett and Hal Foster. "I had no schooling art except the things I learned by myself," Roussos said.
He entered comics in 1939 as letterer of the Spanish-language version of the newspaper panel "Ripley's Believe It or Not", despite not being able to read Spanish. The following year, Bob Kane and Bill Finger hired him to assist inker Jerry Robinson on Batman stories. Roussos' duties included drawing backgrounds, inking, and lettering, starting as early as "Batman" #2 (Summer 1940). At the same time, he did similar duties on "Target and the Targeteers". He and Robinson would eventually leave the Kane studio to work directly for National Comics (the future DC Comics) on Batman and other characters. Roussos worked on features starring the Vigilante, Johnny Quick, Superman, and Starman. His most notable DC work was as penciller, inker, colorist, and letterer of the "Detective Comics" backup feature "Air Wave", on which he experimented, on at least one story, with using only shades of gray for color.
Comic books and comic strips.
Other companies for which Roussos drew during the 1940s Golden Age of comic books included Marvel-precursor Timely Comics, as well as Avon Publications, Standard/Better/Nedor, Family, Fiction House, Hillman Periodicals, Lev Gleason Publications, and Spark. He also did 16 internationally distributed educational pamphlets for General Electric, receiving a World War II draft deferment to do so. The survey "The 20 Greatest Inkers of American Comic Books" placed Roussos at #15, saying he "was so adept with a brush in his hand that his co-workers appointed the nickname 'Inky' to him. His style was often thick, heavy with blacks, and sported nice contrasts which complimented [ sic ] one of his prime collaborators in the '50's, Mort Meskin."
After a brief attempt to open an art school with colleague Mort Meskin, Roussos added comic strips to his repertoire, assisting artist Dan Barry's "Flash Gordon", Charles Flanders' "The Lone Ranger", Dan Heilman's "Judge Parker" and Sy Barry's "The Phantom", and succeeding Fred Kida as artist on "Judge Wright" from 1947 until the strip's demise the following year. Roussos unsuccessfully pitched syndication companies his own comic strips, such as the science fiction feature "2001 A.D." in 1945, the archeology strip "Azeena" in 1967, and "Transisto", with Batman writer Bill Finger, in the late 1960s.
Comic-book clients during the 1950s included that decade's Marvel precursor, Atlas Comics, along with Crestwood, EC Comics and St. John Publications. For EC he did stories in "Crime SuspenStories", "Tales from the Crypt", "Weird Science" and "Weird Fantasy".
Silver Age Marvel.
In the 1960s, during the period fans and historians call the Silver Age of Comic Books, Roussos gained prominence under the pseudonym George Bell when he became Jack Kirby's inker on landmark early issues of Marvel Comics' superhero team title "Fantastic Four". These included #21-27 (Dec. 1963 - June 1964), which featured the first Hulk vs. Thing battle. As well, Roussos had inked the Kirby covers of issues #11, 13, and 18-20. Roussos also inked the return of Captain America in "The Avengers" #4 (March 1964) — the cover of which has become one of comics' most famous — as well as Kirby's "Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos" #3-7 (Sept. 1963 - March 1964). In addition, though Marvel Comics did not credit colorists at this time, Roussos has since claimed that he has always followed the practice of coloring any comic that he inked.
Later life and career.
After doing some work for Warren Publishing's black-and-white horror-comics magazines in 1970 and 1971, Roussos in 1972 succeeded Marie Severin as Marvel's full-time, in-house colorist. In the early 1980s, Roussos was Marvel's cover colorist.
Roussos was a Renaissance man whose myriad interests included architecture, astronomy, automobiles, gardening, natural medicine, philosophy and photography. He took photographs of various Long Island estates, and his photographs at the Bayard Cutting Arboretum State Park were collected in his book, "The Bayard Cutting Arboretum History".
Roussos died of a heart attack. He was married twice: to Viola Fink, followed by Florence Lacey (married 17 November 1980, died 1998). Roussos had three sons (William, Robert and Louis) and a daughter (Marie).

</doc>
<doc id="2874137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874137" title="Ren Renfa">
Ren Renfa

Ren Renfa () (1254–1327), courtesy name Ziming (子明), pseudonym Yueshan Daoren (月山道人; lit. "Taoist on the Moon Mountain"), was an expert of irrigation works, artist, and a government official during the Yuan Dynasty. He was born in the Qinglong Zhen district of Songjiang (松江青龙镇 - present day Qingpu District, Shanghai). 
Ren drew some outstanding paintings of horses, people, flowers and birds. Ren's style is similar to the artists of the Tang Dynasty (608–907) and Li Gongling in Song Dynasty (1127–1279). His paintings of horses are comparable to those by Zhao Mengfu.
Ren's hydrological works include dredging the area in what is now Beijing to improve the water supply and leading a team to build embankments after the Yellow River burst its banks.
Chu Yu Ti.
A prominent work of his is "Chu Yu Tu" (出圉图 - A Painting of Leading Horses out of Stable); on silk, with color, height 32.4 cm, width 201.9 cm, currently in a collection of The Palace Museum, Beijing.
In this painting, three officials of the royal stables are leading four horses out the stable. The painting has a very explicit Tang style. The people in the painting are dressed in Tang style costumes. All these reflect that the artist admired the culture of Tang Dynasty. The people and horses are spread out in the painting, which is a main characteristic of paintings by Ren.
At the end of the painting (left side), there are some words about the artist and the year of painting. "ZhiYuan GengCheng ChunWang San Ri (The third day in the second month of spring, 1280), Zuo ChuYu Tu Yu KeShi Tang (Draw "A Painting of Leading Horses out of Stable" at KeShi Tang—a room for poem), YueShan Ren ZiMing Ji (YueShan—Moon Mountain, Ren ZiMing—a courtesy name of the artist)". There is a poem written by the Emperor of QianLong (Qing Dynasty, 1736—1795), who also wrote some hand writings in the middle of the painting. This is one of the earliest works of Ren (and the earliest one of his that exists), and was drawn in 1280 when he was 27.

</doc>
<doc id="2874140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874140" title="Pimpinella saxifraga">
Pimpinella saxifraga

The burnet saxifrage is a plant, "Pimpinella saxifraga" of the family Umbelliferae a native of the British Isles and temperate Europe and Western Asia. It is neither a Burnet, which its leaves resemble, nor a Saxifrage although it has a similar herbal effect as a diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="2874162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874162" title="Cliff Hagan">
Cliff Hagan

Clifford Oldham "Cliff" Hagan (born December 9, 1931) is an American former professional basketball player. A 6-4 forward who excelled with the hook shot, Hagan, nicknamed "Li'l Abner," played his entire 10-year NBA career (1956–1966) with the St. Louis Hawks. He was also a player-coach for the Dallas Chaparrals in the first two-plus years of the American Basketball Association's existence (1967–1970).
University of Kentucky.
Hagan played college basketball at the University of Kentucky under legendary coach Adolph Rupp. As a sophomore in 1951 he helped Kentucky win the NCAA Championship with a 68-58 victory over Kansas State.
In the fall of 1952, a point shaving scandal involving three Kentucky players (one of whom was a teammate of Hagan on Kentucky’s 1951 NCAA champions) over a four-year period forced Kentucky to forfeit its upcoming season, the senior year of Hagan, Frank Ramsey and Lou Tsioropoulos. The suspension of the season made Kentucky's basketball team, in effect, the first college sports team to get the "death penalty," which actually was nothing more than the NCAA asking members schools not to schedule Kentucky, and not mandating it.
Hagan, Ramsey and Tsioropoulos all graduated from Kentucky in 1953 and, as a result, became eligible for the NBA Draft. All three players were selected by the Boston Celtics—Ramsey in the first round, Hagan in the third, and Tsioropoulos in the seventh. All three also returned to play at Kentucky despite graduating. In Kentucky’s opening game that season, an 86-59 victory over Temple on December 5, 1953, Hagan scored what was a school single-game record of 51 points; this performance would not be surpassed until 1970. After finishing the regular season (one in which Hagan averaged 24.0 points per game) with a perfect 25-0 record and a #1 ranking in the Associated Press, Kentucky had been offered a bid into the NCAA Tournament. However, then-existing NCAA rules prohibited graduate students from participating in post-season play; the Wildcats declined the bid because their participation would have forced them to play without Hagan, Ramsey and Tsioropoulos.
Upon graduation from Kentucky, Hagan had scored 1475 points, which ranked him third in school history, and grabbed 1035 rebounds, which placed him second, three fewer than Ramsey. In 1952 and 1954 he was named both All-American and First Team All-Southeastern Conference. His uniform number 6 is retired by the University of Kentucky.
Pro basketball.
Upon graduation, Hagan, like Ramsey before him, was drafted by the Celtics. Unlike Ramsey, however, Hagan served in the military for two years after being drafted (Ramsey had served in the military for one year after his rookie season). In both of his years in the military (1954 and 1955), Hagan, stationed at Andrews Air Force Base, won Worldwide Air Force basketball championships. After his military service, Hagan and Ed Macauley were traded to the St. Louis Hawks for the draft rights to Bill Russell. In 1958, his second season in the NBA, the Hawks, led by Hagan and Bob Pettit, won the NBA championship (one of the five Western Conference titles the Hawks won during his tenure with them), defeating the Boston Celtics 4 games to 2 in the NBA Finals. Hagan was named to play in five consecutive NBA All-Star Games from 1958 to 1962 (an injury forced him to miss the 1958 classic). In his 10 NBA seasons, Hagan played 745 games and scored 13,447 points for an 18.0 average. Hagan achieved renown and respect well after his career ended, when David Halberstam wrote in his classic book "The Breaks of the Game" that Hagan was the only white star on the Hawks who welcomed
African American teammates like Lenny Wilkens to the team and did not treat them with prejudice.
In 1967, the Dallas Chaparrals of the newly formed ABA hired Hagan as a player-coach. He scored 40 points in his team’s very first game. He also played in the very first ABA All-Star Game that season, becoming the first player to play in All-Star Games in both the NBA and ABA. He retired as a player after playing three games during the 1969-1970 season and remained as Chaparral coach until midway into the season. Hagan played in 94 ABA games and scored 1423 points for a 15.1 average.
Hagan was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1978, the first ex-University of Kentucky player to be so honored.
Return to Kentucky.
In 1972, Hagan returned to the University of Kentucky as the school’s assistant athletic director and took over the top job in 1975. He resigned in November 1988 and was replaced by one-time Kentucky teammate C. M. Newton, the head basketball coach at Vanderbilt University the year before.
In 1993, the University of Kentucky renamed its baseball field in honor of Hagan. It had previously been known as the Bernie A. Shively Sports Center.

</doc>
<doc id="2874177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874177" title="Patani United Liberation Organization">
Patani United Liberation Organization

The Patani United Liberation Organization (also spelled Pattani United Liberation Organisation) or PULO is one of the active separatist movements calling for a free and independent Patani. This group, along with others, is currently fighting for the independence of Thailand's predominantly Malay Muslim south.
History.
PULO was founded in 1968 reportedly around the leadership of Kabir Abdul Rahman (Bira Kotanila), a Patani Malay scholar, who served as its chairman until his death in 2008. By late 1992, the organization had split into three factions. The first faction was headed by Dr. Arong Muleng while the second one was led by Haji Hadi Bin Ghazali. The first faction set up the PULO Leadership Council with a symbol of a dagger crossing with a sword as its logo. The name of its armed unit is called "Kasdan Army." The second faction, also headed by Haji Sama-ae Thanam, has set up the PULO Army Command Council to give support to Kabir Abdul Rahman, the founder of PULO. A third faction that is working according to the original charter of PULO has the largest ground support and is the only group with the diplomatic credibility, political influence and popular support to be able to officially negotiate and represent PULO at the OIC. They use four stars on their flag and is led by Abu Yasir Fikri a long time respected leader of PULO since its inception. 
In 1995, rifts emerged among the core leaders of the new PULO movement. As a result, Dr. Arong Muleng decided to split his group from the movement to set up a new organization called "PULO 88", while the other group led by Haji Abdul Rahman named its armed unit as "Pulo Keris" (Dagger Pulo).
Current separatist actions.
Currently, PULO has a policy of targeting those whom it views as collaborators and associates of the Thai government, such as teachers, civil servants, soldiers and policemen. 
The organization carries out car bombs, road side bombs and drive-by shootings targeting Thai military and police which they see as legitimate targets.
PULO considers itself to be continuing the independence struggle of the northernmost Malay sultanate after it declared its independence following the fall of Ayutthaya in 1767, though in fact it was reconquered by the Thais just 18 years later. The Islamic state proposed by PULO would cover the areas they claim were historically ruled by the Sultanate of Pattani, which consist of Pattani, Narathiwat, Yala, Songkhla and Satun provinces in present-day Thailand. However, Songkla Province was never part of the Sultanate of Patani, is only about 30% Muslim and is mainly Thai speaking, while Satun actually was part of Kedah, uses a different Malay dialect and has shown virtually no support for separation from Thailand.
Four star PULO.
Four star PULO is considered to be the most respected and popular separatist group in Patani with the most political clout and a large presence in the area although little is known about the group as they prefer to stay out of media and is working under a silence policy. During recent year this group has become increasingly visible and been able to show their influence by gathering active separatist and organize them under their political wing and being recognized internationally as representatives of the Patani People.
They are currently the political representatives by popular consent of GMIP and active military fractions of BRN, RKK and other groups. The four star is becoming increasingly powerful steadily gaining support and loyalty from separatist from different groups forcing different fractions to join their ranks. It is believed that this group could hold enough clout and trust to be able to enforce agreements with the Thai government and end violence against the military and militia from different separatist groups if negotiations would be held between the two. 
On 26 July 2009, the President of PULO and the Emir of the Movement of Mujahidin Islam Patani (GMIP), Cikgume Kuteh, made an official agreement to join forces. The agreement includes giving mandate to Presiden of PULO peak on behalf of the GMIP on all political issues. Further on, the agreement included a section in which the movements agreed to build one military force, the Patani Liberation Army, the PLA to be led by the First Deputy Military Commander of the Patani United Liberation Organization (PULO).
Four star PULO.
1. In the case of Patani it seems impossible to resolving the issue if it is left entirely in the hands of the Patani people and the Thai Government. This is why international intervention in the form of external governments or the United Nations is necessary. There are some with the opinion that external presence would be interfering with the internal affairs of Thailand but we believe that since Patani is under colonial occupation and its people are struggling to regain their right of self-determination this would not be the case. Therefore external intervention should not be seen as interfering with the internal affairs of Thailand.
2. In the first stage the government of Thailand should award the Patani area (The regions which includes Pattani, Narathiwat, Jala, Setun and five districts in the province of Sonkla) special status. The Government and Parliament should allow greater freedom for Patani to manage its internal affairs. This move would not be in contradiction with the Thai constitution and would be applicable in the case of Patani since the conditions and terms of the regions (i.e. Bangkok and Pataya) that’s already been awarded special status has been different in each case.
3. Recognition of the ethnic Malay in the same way that Thailand acknowledges ethnic Chinese in Thailand. Right now Thailand does not recognize the Malay ethnicity, which makes it difficult to prove the sincere intention of the Thai government for peaceful coexistence with the Patani people.
It is necessary that the Malay language is also recognized as the official language in the region and also that the Jawi scripture (using Arabic letters) may be used.
Thailand is trying to implement teaching in the Malay language in one school in each state but with the Thai alphabet. There is no contradiction in the policy of education in Thailand to allow the use of Jawi scripture as foreign language education in Thailand allows for English and French to be taught using the Latin alphabet, while the Japanese and the Chinese languages are taught using their own letters. None of the above mentioned languages (except Jawi) is taught using the Thai script.
4. Recognition of Islamic law in the Islamic Malay Patani, especially in the field of civil law since the majority of the people are Muslim.
5. The people in the Patani region should have a referendum in the future under international supervision in order to determine their own destiny, whether they want to remain part of Thailand or achieve independence from Thailand.
6. Thailand wishes to reduce the role of the Patani United Liberation Organization (PULO) and Revolutionary National Front (BRN) while at the same time giving credit to the RKK (small and mobile combat units). However, the RKK is not an organization, but small groups moving in the villages which are part of other liberation organizations in Patani.
Five Star PULO.
The Five star PULO is differentiated from Four star PULO on the basis of their flag, which contains five stars. This fraction is mostly represented in the media by Kasturi. The group is supported and economically backed and created by the Thai government to gain control over separatist movements and pacify them. The Thai government has used the groups to create legitimacy around its initiated projects such as TASKFORCE. They are a newly established group formed 2005 and is mostly known by their frequent presence in Thai media often confused with four star PULO as they share the same name. They have however been backed by the centre for humanitarian dialogue - Switzerland based NGO as well as the thai military which has kept it active. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874183" title="National Front for the Liberation of Pattani">
National Front for the Liberation of Pattani

The National Front for the Liberation of Pattani (abbreviated BNPP from the ; ) is an Islamic separatist movement based in northern Malaysia and with a history of operations in the South Thailand insurgency. The group was formed in 1959 and remains operational. The political wing of the group participates in Malaysian state-level politics.

</doc>
<doc id="2874201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874201" title="Rising Sun Pictures">
Rising Sun Pictures

Rising Sun Pictures (RSP) is an Australian-based visual effects company. It was founded in 1995 in Adelaide, South Australia, and is named after the Rising Sun Inn in Kensington.
Credits.
They have worked on such films as:
Involvement in open source projects.
Projects sponsored by Rising Sun Pictures include:

</doc>
<doc id="2874215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874215" title="Stephen Dedman">
Stephen Dedman

Stephen Dedman (born 1959 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian author of dark fantasy and science fiction stories and novels.
Biography.
Dedman's short stories have appeared in "Year's Best Fantasy and Horror", "Year's Best SF", and "The Best Australian Writing: A Fifty Year Collection".
Contributing as a story editor, Dedman is also one of the team members behind Borderlands, a tri-annual Australian science fiction, fantasy and horror magazine published from Perth, Western Australia.
In 2007, he contributed to the "Doctor Who" short-story collection, "".
Awards.
"The Art of Arrow-Cutting" was nominated for a Bram Stoker Award in the category of Best First Novel. In 1998 Dedman's "A Walk-On Part in the War" won the 1998 Aurealis Award for best fantasy short story. In 2001 "The Devotee" tied for the win with Terry Dowling's "The Saltimbanques" of the 2001 Ditmar Award for best short story. "Dead of Winter" won the 2006 Aurealis Award for best horror short story. Dedman has also received over 30 nominations for his work in awards such as the Aurealis Awards, Ditmar Awards, Gaylactic Spectrum Awards, the Bram Stoker Awards, and the Locus Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2874219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874219" title="Mobile Allocation Index Offset">
Mobile Allocation Index Offset

A mobile allocation index offset (MAIO) refers a time delay separating traffic channels. When a GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) mobile phone is served by a cell that is hopping over a set of frequencies, the separate traffic channels hop over the allocated frequencies according to a hopping sequence number (HSN). The traffic channels with the same HSN hop over the same frequencies in the same order but are separated in time by a mobile allocation index offset (MAIO). 
The smallest amount of interference on a site is achieved if it is possible to synchronize all channels on the site and separate the channels using the MAIO.
Every cell is assigned a Cell Allocation (CA) Table. This is the set of ARFCNs that are used within the Cell. The Mobile Allocation (MA) Table is a subset of this CA Table. This table contains a list of ARFCNs that the traffic channels of that cell will hop through. The MAIO gives the index into this list from which the first ARFCN will be picked by the cell to start the hopping sequence. Every mobile station will be supplied with the MA Table and MAIO for a given dedicated connection. Using the MA table and the MAIO, the mobile station will hop in the exact sequence as the cell in dedicated mode to achieve frequency diversity. Thus, the MA Table, MAIO and the Hopping Sequence Number (HSN) completely configure a hopping sequence procedure which the mobile station and the cell will follow.

</doc>
<doc id="2874231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874231" title="List of colleges and universities in the United States by endowment">
List of colleges and universities in the United States by endowment

This following is a list of U.S. institutions of higher education with endowments greater than one billion dollars according to National Association of College and University Business Officers (NACUBO).
Endowments currently greater than $1 billion.
For this list, short scale billions (thousand of millions) are used.

</doc>
<doc id="2874232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874232" title="Knickerbocker Trust Company">
Knickerbocker Trust Company

The Knickerbocker Trust, chartered in 1884 by Frederick G. Eldridge, a friend and classmate of financier J.P. Morgan, was at one time among the largest banks in the United States and a central player in the Panic of 1907. As a trust company, its main business was serving as trustee for individuals, corporations and estates. Eldridge was the founding president; he was succeeded in the 1890s by Robert MacClay, with Charles T. Barney as vice president. When MacClay retired in 1897, Barney was elected president. The New York City bank was housed in a Roman-style temple designed by McKim, Mead, and White and erected between 1902 and 1904 ("illustrated") at the northwest corner of 34th Street and Fifth Avenue. Stanford White's design allowed for the possibility of adding nine storeys of offices upon the structure, but they were never realized. It had branch offices at 60 Broadway, in Harlem and The Bronx.
In 1907, its funds were being used by then-president Charles T. Barney in a plan to drive up the cost of copper by cornering the market. This gamble came undone due to the dumping of millions of dollars in copper into the market to stop a hostile takeover in an unrelated organization. This became public, and on October 21, 1907 the National Bank of Commerce announced that it would no longer accept checks for the Knickerbocker Trust Company, triggering a run of depositors demanding their funds back. Charles Barney requested a meeting with J.P. Morgan to discuss financial assistance for the bank, but was rejected. Shortly after, he shot himself on November 14, 1907.
The resulting Panic of 1907 exacerbated an ongoing decline in the stock market that saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average lose 48% of its value from January 1906 to November 1907. The banking crisis is also seen as the final straw that led Congress to form the Federal Reserve System in 1913.
The company reopened some weeks after its forced closing and paid off all depositors in full with interest. In 1912, its assets were acquired by the Columbia Trust Company, forming the Columbia-Knickerbocker Trust Company. This entity was acquired by the Irving Trust Corporation in 1923, which was in turn acquired by the Bank of New York in 1989.
The building was enlarged by ten stories in 1921, and the façade completely redesigned in 1958, with its signature pilasters covered over; it still remains, its original form unrecognizable.

</doc>
<doc id="2874276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874276" title="Joseph Barr">
Joseph Barr

Joseph or Joe Barr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874293" title="Single-Minute Exchange of Die">
Single-Minute Exchange of Die

Single-Minute Exchange of Die (SMED) is one of the many lean production methods for reducing waste in a manufacturing process. It provides a rapid and efficient way of converting a manufacturing process from running the current product to running the next product. This rapid changeover is key to reducing production lot sizes and thereby improving flow (Mura).
The phrase "single minute" does not mean that all changeovers and startups should take only "one" minute, but that they should take less than 10 minutes (in other words, "single-digit minute"). Closely associated is a yet more difficult concept, One-Touch Exchange of Die, (OTED), which says changeovers can and should take less than 100 seconds. A die is a tool used in manufacturing. However SMED's utility of is not limited to manufacturing (see value stream mapping).
History.
The concept arose in the late 1950s and early 1960s, when Shigeo Shingo was consulting to a variety of companies including Toyota, and was contemplating their inability to eliminate bottlenecks at car body-moulding presses. The bottlenecks were caused by long tool changeover times which drove up production lot sizes. The economic lot size is calculated from the ratio of actual production time and the 'change-over' time; which is the time taken to stop production of a product and start production of the same, or another, product. If change-over takes a long time then the lost production due to change-overs drives up the cost of the actual production itself. This can be seen from the table below where the change-over and processing time per unit are held constant whilst the lot size is changed. The Operation time is the unit processing time with the overhead of the change-over included. The Ratio is the percentage increase in effective operating time caused by the change-over. SMED is the key to manufacturing flexibility.
Toyota's additional problem was that land costs in Japan are very high and therefore it was very expensive to store its vehicles. The result was that its costs were higher than other producers because it had to produce vehicles in uneconomic lots.
The "economic lot size" (or EOQ, Economic Order Quantity) is a well-known, and heavily debated, manufacturing concept. Historically, the overhead costs of retooling a process were minimized by maximizing the number of items that the process should construct before changing to another model. This makes the change-over overhead per manufactured unit low. According to some sources optimum lot size occurs when the interest costs of storing the lot size of items equals the value lost when the production line is shut down. The difference, for Toyota, was that the economic lot size calculation included high overhead costs to pay for the land to store the vehicles. Engineer Shingo could do nothing about the interest rate, but he had total control of the factory processes. If the change-over costs could be reduced, then the economic lot size could be reduced, directly reducing expenses. Indeed the whole debate over EOQ becomes restructured if still relevant. It should also be noted that large lot sizes require higher stock levels to be kept in the rest of the process and these, more hidden costs, are also reduced by the smaller lot sizes made possible by SMED.
Over a period of several years, Toyota reworked factory fixtures and vehicle components to maximize their common parts, minimize and standardize assembly tools and steps, and utilize common tooling. These common parts or tooling reduced change-over time. Wherever the tooling could not be common, steps were taken to make the tooling quick to change.
Example.
Toyota found that the most difficult tools to change were the dies on the large transfer-stamping machines that produce car vehicle bodies. The dies – which must be changed for each model – weigh many tons, and must be assembled in the stamping machines with tolerances of less than a millimeter, otherwise the stamped metal will wrinkle, if not melt, under the intense heat and pressure. 
When Toyota engineers examined the change-over, they discovered that the established procedure was to stop the line, let down the dies by an overhead crane, position the dies in the machine by human eyesight, and then adjust their position with crowbars while making individual test stampings. The existing process took from twelve hours to almost three days to complete.
Toyota's first improvement was to place precision measurement devices on the transfer stamping machines, and record the necessary measurements for each model's die. Installing the die against these measurements, rather than by human eyesight, immediately cut the change-over to a mere hour and a half.
Further observations led to further improvements – scheduling the die changes in a standard sequence (as part of FRS) as a new model moved through the factory, dedicating tools to the die-change process so that all needed tools were nearby, and scheduling use of the overhead cranes so that the new die would be waiting as the old die was removed. Using these processes, Toyota engineers cut the change-over time to less than 10 minutes per die, and thereby reduced the economic lot size below one vehicle.
The success of this program contributed directly to just-in-time manufacturing which is part of the Toyota Production System. SMED makes Load balancing much more achievable by reducing economic lot size and thus stock levels.
Effects of implementation.
Shigeo Shingo, who created the SMED approach, claims that in his data from between 1975 and 1985 that average setup times he has dealt with have reduced to 2.5% of the time originally required; a 40 times improvement.
However, the power of SMED is that it has a lot of other effects which come from systematically looking at operations; these include:
Implementation.
Shigeo Shingo recognises eight techniques that should be considered in implementing SMED.
NB External setup can be done without the line being stopped whereas internal setup requires that the line be stopped.
He suggests that SMED improvement should pass through four conceptual stages:
A) ensure that external setup actions are performed while the machine is still running,
B) separate external and internal setup actions, ensure that the parts all function and implement efficient ways of transporting the die and other parts,
C) convert internal setup actions to external,
D) improve all setup actions.
Formal method.
There are seven basic steps [http://www.sevenrings.co.uk/SMED/HowtodoSMED.asp] to reducing changeover using the SMED system:
This diagram shows four successive runs with learning from each run and improvements applied before the next.
The SMED concept is credited to Shigeo Shingo, one of the main contributors to the consolidation of the Toyota Production System, along with Taiichi Ohno.
Key elements to observe.
Look for:
Record all necessary data
Parallel operations using multiple operators By taking the 'actual' operations and making them into a network which contains the dependencies it is possible to optimise task attribution and further optimize setup time. Issues of effective communication between the operators must be managed to ensure safety is assured where potentially noisy or visually obstructive conditions occur.
References.
Optimisation of Production system using SMED and Genetic Algorithms: A Case Study , Master's Thesis Submitted to PTU,Jalandhar by Upender Dhull in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2874295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874295" title="Tabulata">
Tabulata

The tabulate corals, forming the order Tabulata, are an extinct form of coral. They are almost always colonial, forming colonies of individual hexagonal cells known as corallites defined by a skeleton of calcite, similar in appearance to a honeycomb. Adjacent cells are joined by small pores. Their distinguishing feature is their well-developed horizontal internal partitions ("tabulae") within each cell, but reduced or absent vertical internal partitions ("septae"). They are usually smaller than rugose corals, but vary considerably in shape, from flat to conical to spherical.
Around 300 species have been described. Among the most common tabulate corals in the fossil record are "Aulopora", "Favosites", "Halysites", "Heliolites", "Pleurodictyum", "Sarcinula" and "Syringopora".
Like rugose corals, they lived entirely during the Paleozoic, being found from the Ordovician to the Permian. With Stromatoporoidea and rugose corals, the tabulate corals are characteristic of the shallow waters of the Silurian and Devonian. Sea levels rose in the Devonian, and tabulate corals became much less common. They finally became extinct in the Permian-Triassic extinction event. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874302" title="Secretariat-General for National Defence and Security (France)">
Secretariat-General for National Defence and Security (France)

The Secretariat-General for National Defence and Security ("Secrétariat général de la défense et de la sécurité nationale") is an interministerial organism under the Prime Minister of France. 
The Secretary General for National Defence is Mr. Francis Delon, appointed on 29 July 2004.
The organism was founded in 1906 as the "Conseil supérieur de la défense nationale" ("High Council of National Defence"); it was later known as the "Comité de défense nationale" ("Committee for National Defence") then became the ("Secrétariat général de la défense nationale" or "SGDN") "General secretary for national defence" in 1962.
On 13 January 2010, the SGDN reach his actual name.

</doc>
<doc id="2874308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874308" title="Imanpa, Northern Territory">
Imanpa, Northern Territory

Imanpa Community () is in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is seven km north of the Lasseter Highway, the main road running between the Stuart Highway and Uluru (Ayers Rock). Imanpa lies 160 km east of Uluru and 200 km south west of Alice Springs. It is seventeen kilometres from Mount Ebenezer Roadhouse which is owned and run by the community, along with Angas Downs Station / Indigenous Protected Area.
Population.
At the 2006 census, Imanpa had a population of 149. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874310" title="Borok People's Human Rights Organisation">
Borok People's Human Rights Organisation

Borok People's Human Rights Organisation is a Borok Human Rights NGO in Tripura, India with an office in Agartala.
The fact that the organization never publicly criticizes atrocities made by rebel groups has led to accusations that the group is a NLFT front.

</doc>
<doc id="2874326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874326" title="St. John's College, University of British Columbia">
St. John's College, University of British Columbia

St. John's College is one of two residential colleges at the University of British Columbia, the other being Green College. It provides a community for graduate students and postdoctoral researchers, with an international focus.
The college consists of a residential community of 160 graduate students, postdoctoral researchers, visiting scholars and professors, and non-resident affiliated faculty and academic programming. The College is located at the West end of the UBC campus, near Wreck Beach. Aside from taking up residence at St. John's, residential membership entails active involvement in the social and academic aspects of College life. Involvement takes the form of participation on various social and academic committees, and attendance at functions and lectures sponsored by or otherwise linked with the College. Dining together is an integral part of the St. John's College experience. The college is home to the Dining Society which provides five meals a week to residents and guests.
Activities.
Academic Lectures and Interdisciplinary Groups.
Fellows regularly organize talks and forums on current events around the globe, building upon the College’s international diversity as well as UBC’s global scholarly expertise. Drawing upon the strong bonds of trust and communication developed within the SJC community, Fellows and guests of the College are able to discuss difficult, and often contentious, issues in an atmosphere of mutual respect in which everyone can listen to and learn from each other.
Social and Community Activities.
A diverse array of resident groups and committees are active at the college. Associations include: Academic Committee, Arts Committee, Environment Committee, Outreach Committee, Choir, Sports Committee as well as Chinese, French and German conversation groups.
Location and Facilities.
St. John's College is located on the west end of UBC's Point Grey campus, bordering the Marine Drive residences and across from Wreck Beach. In addition to residences, social rooms and kitchens for residents, the college has a dining hall, lecture hall, meeting rooms and social lounge that are available for rental. The college also provides catering to events held at the college.
Organization.
The college is a unit of the Faculty of Graduate Studies. The head of the college is the College Principal who is responsible to the Dean of Graduate Studies. Management of the college is guided through an Advisory Board consisting of faculty, community leaders, college residents, and representatives from parallel institutions. Academic components of the college are managed through a variety of joint faculty – resident committees.
History.
St. John's College - UBC was founded by alumni of St. John's University, Shanghai, which was shut down by the Communist regime in Beijing in 1952. To keep the school's traditions alive, SJU alumni (called Johanneans) funded three academic institutions around the world bearing the name of St. John's. They established St. John's University in Taiwan in 1967 and St. John's College UBC in 1997.
Notable Alumni.
Dr. Mathabo Tsepa—High Commissioner of Lesotho to Canada

</doc>
<doc id="2874339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874339" title="Aputula">
Aputula

Aputula is a remote Indigenous Australian community in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is south of Alice Springs, east of the Stuart Highway, near the South Australia and Northern Territory border. The Finke River (dry for most of the year, except during occasional floods)passes within a few kilometres of the community, on its way to Lake Eyre in the north of South Australia.
The community, which was called Finke until the 1980s, began as a railway siding on the Central Australian Railway. Lower Southern Arrernte and Luritja people quickly established a camp in the sandhills nearby, trading dingo scalps, artefacts and other items for European goods. A police station was built in the late 1930s, but the big boost to local settlement took place after World War II when local pastoralists convinced the government to move its cattle yards from Rumbalara to Finke because the water quality at Finke was much better. In the 1950s and 60s Finke became the centre of a vibrant regional community with regular horse races, a school and a pub. Life revolved around the arrival and departure of the train which became a source of cash income for Indigenous locals who sold artefacts and wild flowers to the passengers. Most of the Europeans left Finke when the railway line was shifted westwards in the late 1970s following the huge track damaging floods of 1973 and 1974.
The indigenous population did not move. Instead, with the help of Margaret Bain, a Uniting Church missionary, they moved off the sand dunes into houses they built themselves. It was during this time that the town came to be known as Aputula. The name comes from a place called 'Putula' near the community, which used to be the site of a water soakage. Putula is an Arrernte word. Arrernte people used to get their water there, before the white people and the railway line came to the area.
Aputula holds the record of having the hottest day ever recorded in the Northern Territory— on 1 and 2 January 1960.
The population of the town is 250 people. They are Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara, Luritja, and Lower Southern Arrernte people.
Several of the old buildings in Aputula, including the old police station, school and railway buildings have been nominated for heritage listing by the Northern Territory heritage Council.

</doc>
<doc id="2874341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874341" title="Hillsong United (band)">
Hillsong United (band)

The Hillsong United band is a worship band that originated as a part of Hillsong Church. The band tours the world, performing at the various Hillsong church locations as well as general concert venues. They compose the songs for their own performances and for the other Hillsong Church worship teams that perform at weekly services. Subsidiary bands perform monthly in London and at summer camps sponsored by Hillsong.
Their song "Oceans (Where Feet May Fail)" hit number one on the American Billboard Christian Songs chart at the end of 2013. The magazine referred to the band under the name United. The song also appeared on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in May 2014.
History.
The band was originally formed by close friends from within the youth ministry called "Powerhouse Youth", led by Hillsong Youth Pastors Phil & Lucinda Dooley for many years. As the house band for the Powerhouse meetings, they played original songs and rearranged popular radio tunes at their weekly meeting for local youth aged 16–25 year olds. Band members sometimes also contributed to the larger interdenominational ministry Youth Alive Australia and its albums. Most members of the band also attended Hillsong Church services.
Powerhouse grew and split in the late 1990s into two youth groups: Powerhouse (18–25 years of age) and Wildlife (12-17 yrs). Reuben Morgan, assisted by guitarist Marcus Beaumont and vocalist/songwriter Tanya Riches, were the administrators of the 18-25's Powerhouse band that also included Mark Stevens, Nigel Hendroff, Peter King and Raymond Badham. At the older group Peter King was the main piano player and music director, with later guitarist Nigel Hendroff taking this music directing role. In the younger ministry Wildlife, the former Channel V Leg-Up competition-winning Able band boys Joel Houston and Marty Sampson were trained by Hillsong Music Pastor Russell Fragar, with Able band's Luke Munns and Michael Guy Chislett being the main drummer and guitarist, respectively while Joel Houston played bass. Marty Sampson, Holly Dawson, Mark Stevens, Katrina Peoples, Michelle Fragar, Tanya Riches and Bec Mesiti were some original key vocalists. In the Summer of 1997, the team made a huge impact at their youth ministry's Summer Camp. Returning from Summer Camp, the youth ministries of Hillsong Church joined together on a monthly basis with these meetings called the "UNITED" Nights.
Delirious?' Martin Smith's song "Did You Feel the Mountains Tremble" was the theme song of the 1997 camp, and the momentum of youth carried well beyond this camp into the church services, changing the style of the music. Reuben Morgan wrote "My Redeemer Lives". This song was included in the upcoming Hillsong album, "By Your Side" recorded in February that year. This album also featured youth songs including the title track written by Marty Sampson ("By Your Side") and Luke Munns ("Stay").
Darlene Zschech suggested to Reuben Morgan that the youth band make an album in 1998 after so many songs were written in the youth ministry. As a result, the EP "One" was recorded. "Everyday" was recorded in 1999 and packaged with the Hillsong annual album. Both achieved Gold sales status in Australia. The band continued to release an album each year, rebranding as Hillsong United. In 2002 after Reuben Morgan stepped down as co-worship leader of the band, Joel Houston, the eldest son of the church's senior pastor Brian Houston, and Marty Sampson led the group together. 
The band's members are involved in Hillsong Church services and also play for the church. Many were volunteers who went unpaid for their time or contribution. As such the line up changes on a regular basis due to the volunteers needs and the needs of the church; that is to say, due to the naturally resultant "churn". Former original drummer Luke Munns made a transition from the drums to front the rock/indie band LUKAS. Following his marriage to Michelle on November 2006, Sampson stepped down as one of the main leaders of the band. He contributed two more songs with United—"Devotion", which he wrote and sang, and "Saviour King", which he wrote with Mia Fieldes—before he officially stepped down. These songs were part of the 2007 release "All of the Above". Current members of the Hillsong United band include Joel Houston, Jonathon Douglass (J.D.), Jadwin "Jad" Gillies, Matt Crocker, Taya Smith, Dylan Thomas (on rhythm guitar), Timon Klein (on lead guitar), Peter James & Benjamin Tennikoff (on keyboards), Adam Crosariol (on bass guitar), and Simon Kobler (on drums).
The annual Hillsong United CD/DVD was recorded for many years during the Hillsong youth ministry's October conference "Encounterfest", and albums released in the first quarter of the following year. The 2007 album "All of the Above" was the first album to be fully studio recorded. The band has toured in a number of countries, leading worship in various places.
Hillsong United posted on their Facebook page 28 March 2010 that they were heading in to record their next album. This new studio project was recorded at 301 Studios in Sydney, Australia. "Aftermath" was released on 15 February 2011. The track "Go" from the album was later remade by christian rapper KJ-52, on his album "Dangerous".

</doc>
<doc id="2874344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874344" title="List of Japanese words of Portuguese origin">
List of Japanese words of Portuguese origin

Many Japanese words of Portuguese origin entered the Japanese language when Portuguese Jesuit priests introduced Christian ideas, Western science, technology and new products to the Japanese during the Muromachi period (15th and 16th centuries). 
The Portuguese were the first Europeans to reach Japan and the first to establish direct trade between Japan and Europe, in 1542. During the 16th and 17th century, Portuguese Jesuits had undertaken a great work of Catechism, that ended only with religious persecution in the early Edo period (Tokugawa Shogunate). The Portuguese were the first to translate the Japanese to a Western language, in the "Nippo Jisho" dictionary (, literally the "Japanese-Portuguese Dictionary") or "Vocabulario da Lingoa de Iapam" compiled by Portuguese Jesuit João Rodrigues, and published in Nagasaki in 1603, who also wrote a grammar "Arte da Lingoa de Iapam" . The dictionary of Japanese - Portuguese explained 32,000 Japanese words translated into Portuguese. Most of these words refer to the products and customs that first came to Japan via the Portuguese traders.
List of loanwords.
Many of the first words which were introduced and entered the Japanese language from Portuguese and Dutch are written in "kanji" or "hiragana," rather than "katakana", which is the more common way to write loanwords in Japanese in modern times. "Kanji" versions of the words are "ateji", characters that are "fitted" or "applied" to the words by the Japanese, based on either the pronunciation or the meaning of the word.
The † indicates the word is archaic and no longer in use.
Arigatō.
It is often suggested that the Japanese word "arigatō" derives from the Portuguese "obrigado", both of which mean "Thank you", but some evidence suggests purely Japanese origin. The Japanese phrase "arigatō gozaimasu" is a polite form of "arigatō ". This is a form of an adjective, "arigatai", for which written records exist dating back to the Man'yōshū, well before Japanese contact with Portugal. 
The full derivation is "arigatō", the “u” sound change of "arigataku" < "arigataku", the attributive form of arigatai, < "arigatai" < "arigatashi" < "ari" + "katashi". "Ari" is a verb meaning "to be" and "katashi" is an adjective meaning "difficult". The original meaning of "arigatashi" was "difficult to be", i.e. "rare" and thus "special". 
This derivation tries to stem the word to its structural meanings and does not consider the current word's sentimental development and appreciated meaning. Even considering structural Japanese origin, the current usage and appreciated meaning could originate in the phonological similarity and meaning of the Portuguese "obrigado".

</doc>
<doc id="2874351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874351" title="Miandoab">
Miandoab

Miandoab (; also Romanized as Mīāndoāb, Meyāndoāb, Mīāndowāb, Mīāndow Āb, Mīāndūāb, Mīyāndoāb, and Miyāndūāb; - Qoşaçay) is a city in and the capital of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 112,933, in 29,207 families. 
Miandoab, as its name suggests, is situated in a delta region of the two rivers Jighati and Tatao. Miandoab enjoys very fertile soil and excellent Mediterranean climate. Due to the establishment of a sugar factory in the early 20th century, there has been large industrial activity compared to nearby towns.
Geography.
Miandoab is located between the counties of Bukan, Malekan, Mahabad, and Shahin Dezh. In addition, it joins the three provinces of the Iran: West Azerbaijan, East Azerbaijan, and Kurdistan. Thus, this town has been as a transportation bridge between the three large provinces of Iran, and has attracted political and economical interested for local and international governments. The area of Miandoab county is 2694 square kilometers, is located at 46°6′E latitude and 36°58′N longitude, in the center of the plain areas which are ending at Lake Urmia, and at height of 1314 from the sea level.
Demographics.
The majority of Miandoab's inhabitants are Azeri Turks who are followers of Shia sect of Islam. There is also a small minority of Kurds in the city itself and Kurds form the dominant ethnic group in the (Mokriane Shomali) district (Dehestan).There is also a small minority of Ahl-e Haqq in Miandoab and surrounding villages. Miandoab used to have a sizable Bahá'í population, but due to the religious persecution by the government of the Islamic Republic, most have migrated to other cities within Iran or overseas.
Economy.
Miandoab is an agricultural and rather industrial town, has the second rank of agriculture and livestock in the province after Urmia -as the capital-, and has the third rank of industry in the province after Urmia and Khoy. Promisingly, Miandoab has attracted lots of economical interests owing to its position among three provinces. Consequently, it has become one of the main resources of economy at South of the province.

</doc>
<doc id="2874355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874355" title="Sai Buri District">
Sai Buri District

Sai Buri () is a district ("Amphoe") in Pattani Province, southern Thailand. 
The local Malay people call it Teluban (Jawi: تلوبن), which is also the name of the only municipal area of the district, or Selindung Bayu (Jawi: سليندوڠ بايو), the Malay and Sanskrit word for "wind shelter". 
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the southeast clockwise) Mai Kaen of Pattani Province, Bacho of Narathiwat Province, Kapho, Thung Yang Daeng and Panare of Pattani again. To the east is the Gulf of Thailand.
History.
Saiburi was one of the seven "Mueang" into which the Pattani sultanate was split. In the "thesaphiban" administrative reforms at the beginning of the 20th century it became a province within the Monthon Pattani. 1909 the area of the province was reduced by reassigning Yi-Ngo and modern-day Mueang Narathiwat districts to "Mueang" Bang Nara, now Narathiwat province. In 1932 the province was abolished, the northern half was added to Pattani province and the southern part to Narathiwat.
Originally simply named Mueang, the district was renamed to Taluban in 1917. 1938 the district was renamed to Saiburi.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 11 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 64 villages ("muban"). Taluban is a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon"), which covers the complete "tambon" Taluban. Each of the other subdistricts has a Tambon administrative organization (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="2874374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874374" title="Jeff Scott Soto">
Jeff Scott Soto

Jeff Scott Soto (born November 4, 1965) is an American rock singer of Puerto Rican descent. He is best known for being the lead singer for the group Talisman from 1990 till the end of Talisman in 2007, the vocalist on Yngwie Malmsteen's first two albums, and the lead vocalist for Journey on their 2006–2007 tours after Steve Augeri had to leave the band because of an acute throat infection. His style ranges from Hard Rock to Heavy & Power Metal, but he is also influenced by classic soul music singers such as Sam Cooke as well as Journey vocalist Steve Perry, and Freddie Mercury from Queen.
Career.
Soto came to prominence in the early 1980s via his involvement with several Yngwie Malmsteen records. The bands Soto has been involved in included Panther, Axel Rudi Pell, Eyes, Talisman, Takara, Humanimal, Human Clay, Kryst The Conqueror, Redlist, The Boogie Knights and Soul Sirkus.
Soto has sung background vocals on several albums by artists such as Lita Ford, Steelheart, Fergie Frederiksen, Glass Tiger, House Of Lords, Stryper, Saigon Kick, and many others.
He has released several solo albums as well. Soto also sang for the fictional band Steel Dragon, which featured Zakk Wylde, Jeff Pilson and Jason Bonham for the soundtrack of the movie "Rock Star" along with Michael Matijevic of the band Steelheart, whose second album featured Soto on background vocals.
He has also sung lead vocals on an album inspired by the TV series "Biker Mice From Mars".
Soto performed at the 2000 annual OIQFC 'Freddie Mercury Birthday Party' at Reading in the UK, where he performed “Dragon Attack” with Brian May. Since that first meeting, Soto and May have become friends, and Soto has appeared with the SAS Band (Spike’s All Stars), Queen sideman Spike Edney’s band. Jeff also appeared with Brian May and Roger Taylor at the 'Hollywood Walk of Fame' bash for the Official International Queen Fan Club.
In 2006, Soto replaced Steve Augeri in Journey after Augeri left the tour due to an acute throat infection. On December 19, Soto was confirmed as the official lead singer for Journey and a press release was posted on the band's official site. On June 12, 2007 it was announced on the same website that Journey had dismissed Soto as their lead singer. Soto addressed the issue by saying "I was looking forward to a long, prosperous future with these guys but it seems they wanted something different than I brought to the table. No love lost though, they know what's best for the preservation of their legacy. I wish them all the best but now it's time to continue working on my own path again".
Since his departure from Journey, Soto has continued to tour on his own account and has undertaken tours with Talisman, Tempestt and, most recently, with a new band to promote the "Beautiful Mess" album released on download in 2008 and on "Frontiers" in February 2009.
He toured with Trans Siberian Orchestra on their Winter Tours of 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 & 2012 and their "Beethoven's Last Night" spring concerts of 2010 & 2011. He will be featured on the upcoming 2013 Winter Tour as well.
Soto has also come together with musicians of Work Of Art and Eclipse to co-create the new band W.E.T., Soto being of Talisman, hence the first initials of each band spells: W.E.T. The new band has released a self-titled debut album, out November 2009. Videos have been made for the tracks "One Love", "Comes Down Like Rain" and "Brothers In Arms".
On March 11, 2011 was released the single "Last Time (feat. Jeff Scott Soto)" from the Italian band Evolution, duetting with Jeff Scott Soto. This duet is getting a great success in Italy and abroad: in just a few hours after the release, the single placed 93 on Top 100 Best-Selling Pop Singles and stayed there for almost a week. The day after the release, the single also ranked 172 on the Italian Best-Selling Singles on iTunes.
This track will also feature on the band debut album Evolution, released on November 11, 2011, where in addition to Jeff Scott Soto, also performing on the release are Derek Sherinian, Otep Shamaya and Italian drummer Mario Riso.
Soto has recently announced the release date for his next solo release Damage Control which will be released on Frontiers Records in March 2012. Soto will also be re-joining W.E.T. for a brand new album which will be the follow up to the successful 2009 debut self-titled. The new album Rise Up was released Feb 2013 worldwide on Frontiers Records, the band performed a live show in Stockholm in January 2013 that will be released as a live DVD sometime in '14.
Also in the Spring of 2012, Soto joined forces with Roger Taylor of Queen and was added as one of the 4 singers chosen for the official tribute band Queen Extravaganza. The band was formed via internet auditions and features Freddie Mercury soundalike Marc Martel but Jeff and singer Yvan Pedneault were added to the two final online singers so they could emulate Queen songs live more like the original recordings. Jeff did only one tour with them as QEX continue now with a smaller production and line up.
Soto is currently working on a new album which has only been described as 'very heavy', a return to his Metal roots yet in a modern setting. The album is co-written with Gus G (Ozzy Osbourne, Firewind guitarist), Mike Orlando (Adrenaline Mob), Jason Bieler (Saigon Kick) and others in his solo band. The album is slated for release Spring of 2014 followed by an extensive World tour. It will be his 1st album NOT on the Frontiers Records label.
Personal life.
Jeff was the 2nd born to father Joseph and mother Mikki. His older brother by 14 months, Joey, is the only full blood sibling, he has a younger half sister Christina from his mother's side and 2 younger half brothers, Johnny and Joel from his dad's side. Born in Brooklyn NY, he, his brother and mother relocated to Los Angeles when Jeff was only 8. Already naturally musically inclined, Jeff was singing around the house according to him 'as long as he remembers being able to talk'.
Having a keyboard in the house at all times, he taught himself by ear how to play his favorite songs on the radio but it wasn't until middle school where he picked playing trumpet was when he learned to read music. Relating the technical end to what he'd already learned gave him the upper hand in his early bands, the 1st he fronted at the age of 12.
Jeff had many cover bands through the years but the 1st original band he joined, Kanan, produced a demo that would be instrumental in his Yngwie audition 2 years later. In 1984, he sent this demo to Yngwie Malmsteen who had was searching for a singer to front his solo career after leaving Alcatrazz. Yngwie was extremely impressed in Jeff's natural ability to sound so mature and seasoned at such a young age. Soto officially joined Malmsteen's fold in Sept 1984 after 3 weeks of demoing up songs at Yngwie's home.
Soto currently resides with his family in Los Angeles, California when he is not on tour. In early 2012 he married his long term girlfriend Elena, who features in Jeff's video "Look Inside Your Heart" from his latest album Damage Control. Soto has a son from his first marriage named Jason and who made the cover of his solo album "Love Parade" (1994), and two step children Joseph and Grace (Grace and his real son Jason are featured in the video "NeverEnding War", Damage Control 2012).
Discography.
Talisman.
Singles:
W.E.T..
Singles:
Axel Rudi Pell.
Albums:
Singles:
Yngwie Malmsteen.
Singles:
Eyes.
Albums:
Singles:

</doc>
<doc id="2874383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874383" title="Marc Savard">
Marc Savard

Marc Savard (born July 17, 1977) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently under contract to the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has previously played for the New York Rangers, by whom he was originally drafted in 1995, the Calgary Flames, and the Atlanta Thrashers.
Savard has not played since late in the season because of post-concussion syndrome.
Playing career.
Early career (1993–99).
Savard played major junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) with the Oshawa Generals, beginning in 1993–94. After his second season with the Generals, in which he scored a league-leading 139 points, he was selected 91st overall in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Rangers. He continued to play in the OHL for two more seasons and earned his second Eddie Powers Memorial Trophy as league leading scorer in 1996–97 with 130 points. Savard then added 27 points in 15 playoff games, guiding the Generals to the 1997 J. Ross Robertson Cup and an appearance in the 1997 Memorial Cup.
In 1997–98, Savard was assigned by the Rangers to their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Hartford Wolfpack. He put up 74 points with Hartford while being called up to play in 28 games for the Rangers in his rookie professional campaign. The following season, he earned an expanded role with the Rangers and recorded 45 points in 70 games.
Calgary Flames (1999-2002).
On June 26, 1999, shortly after the completion of Savard’s first full season with the Rangers, he was traded to the Calgary Flames, along with the Rangers' first-round choice in 1999 (Oleg Saprykin), in exchange for the rights to Jan Hlavac, Calgary's first-round pick (Jamie Lundmark) and third-round pick (later traded back to Calgary; Calgary selected Craig Anderson) in the 1999 Draft. Savard continued to improve with the Flames and in 2000–01, he finished second in team scoring to Jarome Iginla with 65 points.
Atlanta Thrashers (2002–06).
Shortly after beginning his fourth season with the Flames, he was acquired by the Atlanta Thrashers from Calgary in exchange for Ruslan Zainullin on November 15, 2002. Playing with superstar wingers Dany Heatley and Ilya Kovalchuk, Savard became a point-per-game player and recorded 52 points in 45 games during an injury shortened 2003–04 season. 
Due to the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Savard played in the Swiss leagues with HC Thurgau of Nationalliga B and briefly with SC Bern of Nationalliga A. When NHL play resumed the following season, he emerged as a top talent in the NHL with a career-high 97 points, good for ninth overall in the league.
Boston Bruins (2006–2011).
At the end of his breakthrough season, he became an unrestricted free agent and signed with the Boston Bruins to a four-year, $20 million contract on July 1, 2006. He picked up where he left off in Atlanta and led the Bruins in scoring in his first season with the team, tallying 96 points. His 74 assists were good for third in the league for the second consecutive season behind Joe Thornton (92) and Sidney Crosby (84).
In his second season with the Bruins, Savard was named to his first NHL All-Star Game in 2008, replacing an injured Dany Heatley. He scored the game-winning goal with 21 seconds remaining in the third period. Although Savard's offensive production was cut down to 78 points because of injury in the 2007–08 season, he made his Stanley Cup playoffs debut after eleven seasons in the NHL. As the Bruins faced the Montreal Canadiens in the opening round, Savard scored his first NHL playoff goal in the first overtime of game three. He tallied 6 points in the series, but the Bruins were eliminated by the Canadiens in 7 games. 
Savard was named as a reserve to his second All-Star game in Montreal the following season, in 2008–09 and helped lead the Bruins to a first place finish in the Eastern Conference. Savard led the Bruins in scoring with 88 points in 82 games before adding 13 points in 11 post-season games. Playing the Canadiens in the first round for the second consecutive year, Savard and the Bruins swept the series in four games. He advanced to the second round for the first time in his career, where the Bruins were eliminated in seven games by the Carolina Hurricanes.
Seven games into the 2009–10 season, Savard sustained a broken foot while inadvertently blocking a shot. After he was taken to Massachusetts General Hospital, tests revealed he had been playing with an injured foot since taking a previous shot in the foot during training camp. Savard was placed on the long-term injured reserve on October 21, 2009. Shortly after returning the lineup, the Bruins signed Savard to a seven-year extension on December 1, worth $28.05 million (approximately $4.2 million per season). The deal is spread out with approximately $14 million the first two years and $14 million for the remaining five.
On January 7, 2010, after only 28 seconds into his first shift on the ice, Marc Savard suffered a right knee injury after colliding with Jonathan Toews from the Chicago Blackhawks. After getting an MRI, he was placed on injured reserve with a minor MCL tear in his right knee. No surgery was required.
Concussion.
On March 7, 2010 Savard suffered a Grade 2 concussion in the 3rd period of the Bruins game against the Pittsburgh Penguins after taking a hit to the head from Matt Cooke. The on-ice officials did not penalize Cooke for the hit, and on March 10, Colin Campbell declared that the league would not suspend or fine Matt Cooke. The hit and its aftermath were part of the key evidence that caused NHL to institute a new rule that more heavily penalized blindside hits. Savard was not taken to a hospital following the incident but stayed behind at a Pittsburgh hotel for the night before returning to Boston the following day. 
Savard recovered enough to be cleared to play for the 2010 postseason against the Philadelphia Flyers after their victory against the Buffalo Sabres. He scored the winning goal in overtime in the Bruins Game 1 win of the series.
On January 23, 2011, Savard then suffered a second concussion on a hit by former Bruin Matt Hunwick in a game against the Colorado Avalanche. On February 8, 2011, the Bruins opted to shut Savard down for the season after he received his second concussion in ten months. 
The Bruins went on to win the Stanley Cup, defeating the Vancouver Canucks in seven games. Due to recurring symptoms of post-concussion syndrome, Savard was not able to travel to Vancouver to take part in the on-ice victory celebration with his teammates, but he was able to join them back in Boston for the official victory parade. 
Despite his not having played the required number of games for his name to be automatically included in the Stanley Cup engraving, the Bruins petitioned the league to include Savard's name on the Cup, along with teammate Steven Kampfer. Savard enjoyed his personal day with the Stanley Cup on August 1, 2011, in his hometown of Peterborough, Ontario; at that time, he announced that he was still suffering the effects of his injury.
On August 31, 2011, it was announced that Savard had been shut down for the 2011–12 season by GM Peter Chiarelli. Chiarelli was quoted as saying "Based on what I see, what I hear, what I read, and what I'm told, it's very unlikely Marc will play again". As of the 2013–14 season, Savard has not played since his concussion.
On September 12, 2011, Bruins GM Peter Chiarelli announced that Savard's name would be included on the Stanley Cup, as he had missed games only because of injury.
Golf.
During the 2007 offseason, Savard qualified for the 2007 Royal Canadian Golf Association's Canadian Men's Mid-Amateur Golf Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="2874390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874390" title="Nikon Coolpix 4500">
Nikon Coolpix 4500

The Nikon Coolpix 4500 is a digital camera - the before-last of the famous 950-995 lineup of swivel lens models. The latest model is the Nikon Coolpix S4 Most of its features match the Nikon 995. The Coolpix 4500 was announced by Nikon on May 29th, 2002.
It's a 4 MP model with 4x optical zoom lens and has many manual controls. Like its predecessors, it takes sharp photos (though some claim the 995 is sharper) and has a long shutter lag.

</doc>
<doc id="2874394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874394" title="Joseph M. Barr">
Joseph M. Barr

Joseph M. Barr (May 28, 1906 – August 26, 1982) is an American politician who held a variety of positions, including an eleven-year tenure as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1959 to 1970.
Early life.
Barr was born in Pittsburgh to a large family, and started his career as a salesman in the city. In 1940, he became the state's youngest state senator, serving the Pittsburgh-area in Harrisburg. His career in Harrisburg roughly coincided with David Lawrence's reign as Pittsburgh mayor.
Pittsburgh politics.
In 1959 Barr the consummate Harrisburg insider and Lawrence the seasoned Pittsburgh chief swapped roles, with Barr coming "home" and running for Mayor and Lawrence becoming Governor of Pennsylvania. He was instrumental as mayor in completing many of the Lawrence programs, while at the same time having the city's infrastructure catch up to all the progress that Lawrence instituted. Expanded and modernized street lights, water services and the stadiums were all hallmarks of Barr's leadership. He oversaw the completion of both Three Rivers Stadium and the Pittsburgh Civic Arena, both having bogged down in heated political disputes during Lawrence's tenure.
State Democratic politics.
Barr was elected chair of the State Democratic Party in 1954, and was elected Pennsylvania's male representative on the Democratic National Committee following Lawrence's death in 1966. He retired from public life in 1972.
Later life.
Barr died on August 26, 1982. He is buried in Pittsburgh's St. Mary Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2874411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874411" title="Silver Shadow (song)">
Silver Shadow (song)

"Silver Shadow" is a song by American R&B group Atlantic Starr, released as the third single from their successful 1985 album "As the Band Turns". Lead vocals were performed by Barbara Weathers.
The song peaked at #13 on the USA "Billboard" R&B charts, and at #49 on the dance charts, however it failed to crack the "Billboard" Hot 100. In the UK it was released as the first single from the album and it charted at #41. With the success of "Secret Lovers", the song was re-released in the UK in 1986, however it fared even worse, peaking at #98.
All Saints 1.9.7.5. version.
In 1994, "Silver Shadow" was covered by All Saints 1.9.7.5., which was the band's debut single. The band was formed by Shaznay Lewis, Melanie Blatt and Simone Rainford. Rainford sang the lead vocals on the song. The single was released in the UK only in February 1995, but with little promotion, it failed to chart. 
Rainford left the band soon after the release of the single due to disagreements with the musical direction of the group. Blatt and Lewis later re-grouped and renamed themselves, becoming the famous chart-topping act All Saints.
Music video.
A simple black and white video was recorded for the song and it was aired at least once (probably the only time) on MTV by Trevor Nelson. The video features Simone singing the vocals and Melanie and Shaznay dancing and doing the background vocals.
The video has a Salt-n-Pepa-feeling about it and is reminiscent of the early hip-hop genre. Intermixed in the dancing and singing performance is some footage of rappers which are set in colour unlike the rest of the video.

</doc>
<doc id="2874417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874417" title="Indian Military Academy">
Indian Military Academy

The Indian Military Academy, Dehradun (also known as IMA) is the officer training Academy of the Indian Army. IMA was established in 1932.
History.
Demands for an Indian military training academy.
During the Indian independence struggle, Indian leaders recognized the need for a local military institution to meet the needs of an armed force loyal to sovereign India. The British Raj was reluctant to commission Indian officers or to permit local officer training. Until World War I Indians were not eligible for commission as officers in the Indian Army.
Following the experiences in World War I, where Indian soldiers proved their mettle Montague-Chelmsford Reforms facilitated ten Indians per year to undergo officer training at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. In 1922 the "Prince of Wales Royal Indian Military College" (now known as the Rashtriya Indian Military College) was set up in Dehradun to prepare young Indians for admission to Sandhurst. The Indianisation of the Army started with the commissioning of 31 Indian officers. Among this first batch of officers to be commissioned was Kodandera Madappa Cariappa, who later became the first Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Army and the second Indian Field Marshal.
Despite demands, the British resisted expansion of the Indian officer cadre. Indian leaders then pressed for the issue at the first Round Table Conference in 1930. Eventually, the establishment of an Indian officer training college was one of the few concessions made at the conference. The "Indian Military College Committee", set up under the chairmanship of Field Marshal Sir Philip Chetwode, recommended in 1931 the establishment of an "Indian Military Academy" in Dehradun to produce forty commissioned officers twice a year following two and a half years of training.
Inauguration to Independence.
The Government of India transferred the erstwhile estate in Dehradun of the Indian Railways' "Railway Staff College", with its 206 acre campus and associated infrastructure, to the Indian Military Academy. Brigadier L.P. Collins was appointed the first Commandant and the first batch of 40 "Gentleman Cadets" (GC), as IMA trainees are known, began their training on 1 October 1932. The institute was inaugurated on 10 December 1932, at the end of the first term by Field Marshal Chetwode.
In 1934, before the first batch had passed out, then Viceroy Lord Willingdon presented colours to the academy on behalf of George V. The first batch of cadets to pass out of the Academy in December 1934, now known as the "Pioneers", included Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw, General Muhammad Musa and Lieutenant General Smith Dun, who became the Army Chiefs of India, Pakistan, and Burma, respectively.
Through the first 16 regular courses that passed out of the academy, until May 1941, 524 officers were commissioned. But the outbreak of the Second World War resulted in an unprecedented increase in the number of entrants, a temporary reduction in the training period to six months and an expansion of the campus. 3887 officers were commissioned between August 1941 and January 1946, including 710 British officers for the British Army. The academy reverted to its original two and a half year course of training at the end of the war.
Post-Independence.
Following the independence of India in August 1947, a number of trainers and cadets left for Britain and Pakistan. Brigadier Thakur Mahadeo Singh, DSO, was appointed the first Indian Commandant of the academy.
In late 1947, the Chiefs of Staff of the Indian Armed Forces following the recommendation of a 1946 committee headed by Field Marshal Claude Auchinleck, decided to initiate an action plan to commission a new Joint Services training academy. In the interim, they decided to conduct Joint Services training at the IMA. The IMA was renamed the "Armed Forces Academy" and a new "Joint Services Wing" (JSW) was commissioned on 1 January 1949, while training of Army officers continued in the "Military Wing".
The academy was renamed as the "National Defence Academy" (NDA) on 1 January 1950, ahead of India becoming a Republic. In December 1954, when the new Joint Services training academy was established in Khadakwasla, near Pune, the NDA name along with the "Joint Services Wing" was transferred to Khadakwasla. The academy in Dehradun was then rechristened as "Military College".
Brigadier M.M. Khanna, MVC was the first IMA alumni to be appointed Commandant of the IMA at the end of 1956.
In 1960, the academy was renamed back to its founding name, as the "Indian Military Academy". On 10 December 1962, on the 30th anniversary of the academy's inauguration, the second President of India, Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan, presented new colours to the academy.
From 1963 until August 1964, following the Sino-Indian War, the duration of regular classes was truncated, emergency courses were initiated and new living quarters for cadets were added. However, unlike previous wars, the Indo-Pakistan War of 1965 and that of 1971 did not disrupt academy training or graduation schedules.
In 1976, the four battalions of the IMA were renamed the "Cariappa Battalion", "Thimayya Battalion", "Manekshaw Battalion" and "Bhagat Battalion" with two companies each in honour of Field Marshal Kodandera Madappa Cariappa, General Kodendera Subayya Thimayya, Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw and Lieutenant General Premindra Singh Bhagat, respectively. On 15 December 1976, then President Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed presented new colours to the IMA.
In 1977, the Army Cadet College (ACC) was moved from Pune to Dehradun as a wing of the IMA. In 2006, the ACC was merged into the IMA as its "Siachen Battalion".
By its 75th anniversary in 2007, IMA had trained over 46,000 officers commissioned into armies of the world, including Angola, Afghanistan, Bhutan, Burma, Ghana, Iraq, Jamaica, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Nepal, Nigeria, Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Tonga, Uganda, Yemen and Zambia besides those of United Kingdom, Pakistan, and India.
Campus.
The academy is located in the foothills of the Himalayas, about 8 km west of Dehradun in the northern Indian state of Uttarakhand. The campus is on National Highway 72, which separates the North and South Campus. The campus of the academy originally spanned 206 acres which was transferred to the academy along with existing buildings from the "Railway Staff College". The academy area is .
Built in 1930, the "Chetwode Hall" on the Drill Square houses the administrative headquarters of the IMA and is also the hub of academic training. It has lecture halls, computer labs and a cafe. On the opposite side of the Drill Square is the "Khetarpal Auditorium". Inaugurated in 1982, it has a seating capacity of over 2000.
A newer wing of the Chetwode Hall, added in 1938, houses the Central Library. It has over 100,000 volumes and subscriptions to hundreds of periodicals from across the world, besides multimedia sections. In addition, there are two branch libraries closer to the cadet barracks across the campus.
The IMA Museum on the campus displays artifacts of historic importance. Among other war relics, it displays the pistol of Lieutenant General Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi of the Pakistan Army which he surrendered to Lieutenant General Jagjit Singh Aurora after signing the Instrument of Surrender to end the Indo-Pakistan War of 1971.
The Commandant's residence is a handsome colonial structure with a landscaped 6 acre garden. It offers a panoramic view of the Tons River silhouetted by the Himalayas.
In the earlier years, cadets were accommodated in "GC Quarters", consisting of the Kingsley and Collins Blocks. With the growth of the IMA to five battalions of cadets, some battalions are accommodated in barracks in the South and East Campus.
The IMA helipad is located in the Tons Valley in the northwest of the campus.
Athletic facilities.
Developed in the 1970s, the South Campus of the IMA includes facilities for the Somnath Stadium and the Salaria Aquatic Centre. Other facilities on the South Campus include stables with a stud farm and a small arms shooting range.
The North Campus includes the Polo Ground along the Tons River. The Tons Valley to the Northwest of the campus is bounded by the forks and bends of the Tons River. It is used for para-dropping and para-gliding, besides battle training.
War Memorial.
The IMA War Memorial, with its pillars and columns of Dholpur stone, pays homage to the alumni of the academy who have fallen in the course of action. At the sanctum sanctorum of the memorial is a bronze statue of a Gentleman Cadet with a sword presenting arms. The memorial was inaugurated by Field Marshal Manekshaw on 17 November 1999, just weeks after the Kargil War. IMA officers led and fought in the war, with some of them becoming household names in India for their gallantry. Among their ranks were two Param Vir Chakra recipients and eight Maha Vir Chakra recipients.
Cadet Life.
A trainee on admission to the IMA is referred to as a Gentleman Cadet. One reason for this is that the academy expects its graduates to uphold the highest moral and ethical values. Inscribed in the oak panelling at the Eastern entrance of the Chetwode Hall is the academy's credo, excerpted from the speech of Field Marshal Chetwode at the inauguration of the academy in 1932:
<poem>
"The safety, honour and welfare of your country come first, always and every time."
"The honour, welfare and comfort of the men you command come next."
"Your own ease, comfort and safety come last, always and every time."
</poem>
The freshman GCs hail from diverse backgrounds with multifarious habits and grooming. The Academy plays a vital role in moulding those differences and helps them anchor into a common bonding. Doing things together bring a sense of fellow feeling. No GC gets preferential treatment, all are allowed to shape up together; together they break bread, together they play and together they receive the same kind of training. This bonding helps them to develop values such as camaraderie, espirit de corps and oneness that go a long way to give a separate identity to the corps of officers in the Army.
It is simply that the future officers are made to acquire the finer graces of life and living which invests them with a personal dignity and a sense of appreciation for those finer pursuits which distinguish man and civilization. IMA encourages a Gentlemen Cadet to reflect on the greatness of India’s diversity, her secular foundation and to honour the traditions and customs of the Army. In a nutshell, IMA habitat helps him to become a rounded personality.
From grueling route-marches to photography, painting, seminars, term-papers, tours and sports, the training is an action filled scenario nurturing their mental and physical potential. Each and every GC is allowed equal space for growth within the given time frame. The pace of training at the Academy is fast and intense. Therefore, it is no wonder that it becomes a test of one’s mettle and capabilities, and in psychological terms a foretaste of what the trainees would face in the battlefield where there is no room or no scope of explanation and rationalization for failures. The completion of training is therefore, a sort of self-assessment which awakens and activates one’s self-esteem, sense of honour and dignity. A GC learns a great deal of values of life during his short stay in the Academy.
Organization.
IMA Cadets are organized as a Regiment with four training battalions, of four companies each. There were sixteen companies in 2013. Battalions are named for generals of the Indian Army, while companies are named for battles of the Army.
Siachen Battalion : erstwhile Army Cadet College
Training.
Cadets undergo training at the IMA for one year. An exception are trainees selected via the Combined Defence Services Exam of UPSC. These cadets who are graduates of a non-military college undergo training for one and a half years.
With the purpose of grooming future military leaders of the Indian Army, the training regime at IMA moulds the physical and mental attributes and sharpen the leadership skills of cadets. Physical training, drills, weapons training, leadership development and practices form the focus of the training.
Notable alumni.
IMA alumni have led and fought in every conflict in which the Indian Army has been called upon to render service since the academy was established. Numerous alumni have earned laurels, made the ultimate sacrifice and been honoured with gallantry awards.
Sam Manekshaw, an alumnus of the IMA, was the first in India to become a Field Marshal.
In 1941, during World War II, then 2nd Lieutenant Premindra Singh Bhagat was awarded the Victoria Cross. Captain Mateen Ahmed Ansari and Captain Sartaj Singh were awarded the George Cross. 71 Military Crosses were awarded to IMA Alumni during that war, and over 200 alumni were killed in action.
General Mohan Singh Deb, commander-in-chief of the First Indian National Army which fought against the British for the independence of India, was also an alumnus.
Alumni who have been honoured with the Param Vir Chakra include:
During the Kargil War of 1999, the Maha Vir Chakra was awarded posthumously to academy alumni, Major Rajesh Singh Adhikari, Major Vivek Gupta, Captain Anuj Nayyar, Captain Neikezhakuo Kenguruse and Lieutenant Keishing Clifford Nongrum. Major Balwan Singh and Major Sonum Wangchuk were also awarded the Maha Vir Chakra.
Foreign alumni.
Foreign alumni of the IMA have also done well in their countries.
In the media.
"Making of a Warrior", a documentary by Dipti Bhalla and Kunal Verma, provides an inside look at the IMA's culture, traditions and training regime. The 2004 Bollywood film Lakshya (film) is partly shot in IMA.

</doc>
<doc id="2874423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874423" title="Death Master File">
Death Master File

The Death Master File is a computer database file made available by the United States Social Security Administration since 1980. It is known commercially as the Social Security Death Index (SSDI). The file contains information about persons who had Social Security numbers and whose deaths were reported to the Social Security Administration from 1962 to the present; or persons who died before 1962, but whose Social Security accounts were still active in 1962. As of 2009, the file contained information on over 83 million deaths. In 2011, some records were removed from the file [http://www.ssdmf.com/import-change-dmf.pdf].
The data include:
In 2011, the following information was removed:
The Death Master File is a subset of the Social Security Administration's Numident database file, computerized in 1961, which contains information about all Social Security numbers issued since 1936. The Death Master File is considered a public document under the Freedom of Information Act, and monthly and weekly updates of the file are sold by the National Technical Information Service of the U.S. Department of Commerce. Knowing that a patient died is important in many observational clinical studies and is important for medical research. It is also used by financial and credit firms and government agencies to match records and prevent identity fraud. 
The Death Master File, in its SSDI form, is also used extensively by genealogists. Lorretto Dennis Szucs and Sandra Hargraves Luebking report in "The Source: A Guidebook of American Genealogy" (1997) that the total number of deaths in the United States from 1962 to September 1991 is estimated at 58.2 million. Of that number, 42.5 million (73 percent) are found in the Death Master File. Other research published by the Social Security Administration in 2002 suggests that for most years since 1973, 93 percent to 96 percent of deaths of individuals aged 65 or older were included in the DMF. Today the number of deaths, at any age, reported to the Death Master File is around 95 percent.
Distribution.
Social Security Administration distributes the file via National Technical Information Service. In May 2013, the cost of a single download (with no weekly or monthly or quarterly annual subscription costs) was $1825. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874428" title="Charles Thompson (jazz)">
Charles Thompson (jazz)

Charles Phillip Thompson (born Springfield, Ohio, 21 March 1918) is an American swing and bebop pianist, organist and arranger.
He was a professional pianist from the age of 10. By the age of twelve Thompson was playing private parties with Bennie Moten and his band in Colorado Springs. During this time Count Basie played off and on with Moten's band, and during a showing Basie called the young Thompson up to play. He was dubbed Sir Charles Thompson by Lester Young years later.
Thompson composed the jazz standard "Robbins' Nest". He has chiefly worked with small groups, although he belonged to the Coleman Hawkins/Howard McGhee band in 1944-1945. Throughout the 40s he played and recorded with Charlie Parker, Dexter Gordon, Miles Davis and J.C. Heard, among others.
Today Thompson lives in California.
Discography.
With Paul Quinichette
With Harold Ashby and Paul Gonsalves 

</doc>
<doc id="2874433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874433" title="St George's Healthcare NHS Trust">
St George's Healthcare NHS Trust

St George's Healthcare NHS Trust is based in Tooting in the London Borough of Wandsworth, and serves a population of 1.3 million across southwest London. A large number of services, such as cardiothoracic medicine and surgery, neurosciences and renal transplantation, also cover significant populations from Surrey and Sussex, totalling about 3.5 million people.
St George’s Healthcare employs around 7,500 staff in a range of occupations and professions working together to provide healthcare services for patients. 
On 1 October 2010 St George’s Healthcare integrated with Community Services Wandsworth, formerly the provider arm of NHS Wandsworth. This integration saw Community Services Wandsworth become the Community Services Wandsworth division of St George’s Healthcare NHS Trust, with the 1,200 members of staff becoming employees of St George’s Healthcare under TUPE. 
St George’s Healthcare incorporates St George’s Hospital in Tooting and a full range of community services provided at Queen Mary’s Hospital in Roehampton, St John’s Therapy Centre in Battersea, HMP Wandsworth, health centres and clinics, GP surgeries, schools and in people’s homes throughout Wandsworth.
St George's Hospital.
St George’s Hospital is one of the UK's largest teaching hospitals. It shares its main hospital site in Tooting, England with the renowned St George's, University of London which trains NHS staff and carries out advanced medical research.
The hospital has around 1,000 beds and provides all the usual care you would expect from a local NHS hospital, such as accident and emergency, maternity services and care for older people and children. However, as a major acute hospital, St George's Hospital also offers very specialist care for the most complex of injuries and illnesses, including trauma, neurology, cardiac care, renal transplantation, cancer care and stroke. It is also home to one of four major trauma centres and one of eight hyper-acute stroke units for London.
St George's Hospital also provides care for patients from a larger catchment area in the South East of England, for specialties such as complex pelvic trauma. Other services treat patients from all over the country, such as family HIV care and bone marrow transplantation for non-cancer diseases. The trust also provides a nationwide state-of-the-art endoscopy training centre.
St John's Therapy Centre.
Opened in February 2007 on the same site as its predecessor building, St John's Therapy Centre in Battersea brings together community-based therapy services, a mental health unit and two GP practices, bringing a range of multi-disciplinary professionals closer together. In December 2008, all St George's Healthcare services formerly provided at the Bolingbroke Hospital in Battersea, were relocated to St John's. 
St John’s Therapy Centre was officially opened on Thursday 2 July 2009 by Professor Ann Keen MP, Parliamentary Undersecretary of State for Health. 
A modern flexible building, the new centre is much larger than its predecessor and allows patients to access a variety of services under one roof. The success of the building’s architectural design was praised when it was awarded a Wandsworth Design Award in 2007. The awards, which are presented by Wandsworth Borough Council, recognise buildings that have made a positive contribution to the local environment.
Queen Mary's Hospital, Roehampton.
Queen Mary's Hospital is a large community hospital housed in a state of the art, four-storey building containing all the modern equipment needed to offer the local population and its patients from around the world the latest treatment techniques. 
The rebuilt hospital was opened in the grounds of the original hospital in February 2006. Services continued to be delivered in the old hospital whilst the new building was developed. The development of Queen Mary's Hospital, Roehampton was funded as a PFI scheme.
Queen Mary’s Hospital provides outpatient rapid diagnostic and treatment facilities, mental health community services, a minor injuries unit, burns dressing clinic, limb fitting services, a sexual health clinic, 69 mental healthcare beds, 50 elderly and intermediate care beds and 20 rehabilitation beds.
Queen Mary’s sees over 130,000 patients a year. In 2009 the hospital’s Minor Injuries Unit saw 16,500 people come through its doors to be treated by an emergency nurse practitioner. The unit is open every day of the year offering treatment and advice on a wide range of injuries and illnesses.
Douglas Bader Unit.
Perhaps the hospital’s best known set of services are its amputee rehabilitation ones which come together in the world famous Douglas Bader Unit, located on the lower ground floor of the hospital. The unit is an established international centre of excellence and a national leader in the field of research and development of rehabilitation techniques.
History.
Originally a 200 bed military hospital, Queen Mary’s opened its doors to its first 25 patients in 1915. It was founded by Mary Eleanor Gwynne Halford whose vision was to provide a place for people who had lost a limb to come and be rehabilitated and be fitted with the most scientifically advanced limbs possible. 
Throughout the First World War the reputation of the hospital grew so that it quickly became known as one of the world’s leading limb fitting and amputee rehabilitation centres, which provided not only treatment but also training opportunities so that patients could find employment. This made the demand for Queen Mary’s services so high that just three years after it first opened, it already had 900 beds and a waiting list of over 4,000 people. 
By 1922, the hospital had started admitting limb patients other than war casualties, like rail employees and congenitally deformed children. As the range of patients the hospital was treating was expanding so rapidly, a fully equipped hospital was built on the Roehampton site, with services such as x-ray, electro-therapy and a gymnasium. 
Queen Mary’s continued to see developments right up to the opening of the new hospital, a state of the art four storey development set in the grounds of the old hospital but containing all the modern equipment needed to offer both the local population and patients from across the globe with complex health needs the latest treatment techniques. The new hospital opened to the public in February 2006 and was officially opened by His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester on 1 November 2006.
Community services.
Integration with Community Services Wandsworth means that the trust is now responsible for providing a range of services across the borough. The Community Services Wandsworth division provides a wide variety of specialist and community hospital based services as well as providing a full range of community services to children, adults and older people.
Services include district nursing, health visiting, specialist nursing, school nursing, family planning, sexual health, HIV services, haemoglobinopathies, community dentistry, occupational therapy, physiotherapy, speech and language therapy, dietetics, rehabilitation services and services for people with learning disabilities. 
These services are provided from Queen Mary’s Hospital in Roehampton, Dawes House intermediate care unit, Tooting Walk-in centre, St John’s Therapy Centre, Balham Health Centre, Bridge Lane Health Centre, Brocklebank Health Centre, Doddington Health Centre, Eileen Lecky Health Centre, Joan Bicknell Centre, Mapleton Centre, St Christopher’s Health Clinic, Stormont Health Centre, Tooting Health Clinic, Tudor Lodge Health Centre, Westmoor Health Clinic, GP surgeries, schools, in people’s homes and at Wandsworth Prison.
HMP Wandsworth.
HMP Wandsworth is the largest prison in the UK, with up to 1,665 inmates at any time. St George’s Healthcare is responsible for providing a full range of health services at the prison. 
In September 2009 Community Services Wandsworth took over the running of health services at HMP Wandsworth after Secure Healthcare, who previously provided health services there, went into voluntary liquidation and ceased to trade. Community Services Wandsworth integrated with St George’s Healthcare NHS Trust on 1 October 2010.
Large Trust of the Year.
St George’s Healthcare was named 2009 Large Trust of the Year by the independent Dr Foster Intelligence, publisher of the Hospital Guide.
Researchers studied data supplied by hospitals across the UK, and awarded St George’s one of the top scores and the top Band 5 rating across 13 safety indicators, leading to a fantastic score of 97.26 out of 100.
St George’s was joint third out of all trusts taking part, and top of the large trusts.
Financial summary.
In 2009/10 St George’s Healthcare achieved a surplus on income and expenditure of £10.6m meeting its financial duty to break-even during the year. This is the third successive year the trust has made a surplus after incurring deficits between 2003 and 2007. 
With regard to its other financial duties, the trust stayed within its external financing limit (EFL) – using slightly less cash to fund its services and to meet its obligations than the allowance set by the Department of Health. 
The trust also met its capital cost absorption duty earning a return of at least 3.5 per cent on its assets (land, buildings, equipment etc.) for the year and stayed within the Capital Resource Limit (CRL) approved by the Department of Health. 
In 2007 the trust received loans from the Department of Health totalling £34m to finance the deficits it had accumulated in the four-year period 2003/04 – 2006/07.The loans are repayable in full by March 2012. 
Since the trust has stabilised its financial position it has been able to repay £18m of these loans over the last three financial years - £2m in 2007/08, £8m in 2008/09 and a further £8m last year. Under the terms of the loan agreement the trust is scheduled to make two further repayments of £8m each year in the next two years.
In 2010/11 the trust must do even better financially. The trust is planning to maintain a modest surplus to build a solid financial basis for its application to become a Foundation Trust and to fund the next loan repayment due in 2010/11.
This will be very challenging as the St George’s continues to change. The trust has stabilised its finances over the last three years and built a stronger foundation to meet the challenges – both financial and clinical – that lie ahead in the next few years.

</doc>
<doc id="2874434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874434" title="Let's Get Started">
Let's Get Started

"Let's Get Started" and "If You Wanna Party (I Found Lovin')" are in fact the same song, but with different titles. It was the second single released by All Saints 1.9.7.5 and All Saints when the band re-launched.
"Let's Get Started" was used as the title for the Japan release in April 1995, while "If You Wanna Party (I Found Lovin')" was used for its UK release in September 1995. The single was originally recorded as All Saints 1.9.7.5, without Natalie and Nicole Appleton but with original member Simone Rainford, before she left the band. Although Simone remains performing backing vocals on the single, she is not, however, featured on the single cover or listed as a main performer on the track, due to her leaving the band before the actual single was released.
The song was then re-recorded when Natalie and Nicole joined the band for inclusion on the debut album of the re-grouped and renamed All Saints. On the original version of "All Saints", the song reverted to the original title of "Let's Get Started", however when the album was re-released, they changed it yet again to a slightly different version of the second title, "If You Want to Party (I Found Lovin')", changing the "Wanna" to "Want To". This was due to a legal wrangle over the uncredited use of "I Found Lovin'" by the Fatback Band.
The re-recorded version of "Let's Get Started" with Natalie and Nicole Appleton was then re-released as a single in Japan only. The song also had a music video, which was exclusive to Japan, until it was released on the "All Saints" video and later on the All Saints collection, "The Videos". However, it was listed as "If You Want to Party (I Found Lovin')" on the covers.
Charts.
"Let's Get Started" was released only in Japan, not available in the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="2874438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874438" title="Stubbs the Zombie in Rebel Without a Pulse">
Stubbs the Zombie in Rebel Without a Pulse

Stubbs the Zombie in Rebel Without a Pulse is a third-person action video game developed by Wideload Games and published by Aspyr Media, and built with the "Halo" engine. It was released on October 18, 2005 for the Xbox video game console, and was released for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X in November that same year. The game was released on February 10, 2006 in Europe. Later, the game was made available on Steam on May 17, 2007, but was later removed. This title became available on Microsoft's Xbox Live Marketplace as an Xbox Originals on May 19, 2008 but was removed late 2012 due to technical issues.
Plot.
In 1933, Eddie Stubbs is a poor traveling salesman during the Great Depression, who tries to make a living. He temporarily finds happiness with a girl named Maggie Monday, but he meets his unfortunate end when Otis, Maggie's father comes home, chases him outside, and shoots him, leaving him to die in the wilderness.
Years later in the fictional city of Punchbowl, Pennsylvania at its opening ceremony in 1959. the city, founded by multi-billionaire playboy industrialist Andrew Monday, Maggie's son, has been built directly on top of Stubbs' not-so-final resting place. Stubbs rises from his grave as a zombie and decides to get his revenge by eating the brains of the inhabitants of Punchbowl, quickly creating his own army of the undead, causing increasing amounts of havoc as the zombies clash with the various militant factions of the area. During the chaos, Stubbs kills Otis Monday by blowing up his house after a brief reunion. Shortly before this, in a barn, an easter egg in a spoof of the war film Patton, Stubbs stands in front of an American flag hanging from a barn wall and gives a speech to his zombies. Though the speech consists only of the word "Brains" said in many tones with limited gestures his zombies apparently understand him well enough to let loose a cheer of "BRAINS!" before shuffling away.
Stubbs eventually reunites with Maggie and the two lovingly embrace - with Stubbs promptly eating her brain. Before her brain was eaten, Maggie revealed Stubbs was in fact Andrew's father. The angered Andrew tries to get his revenge on Stubbs by killing him from behind the force field, halfway destroying Punchbowl. Stubbs however, must destroy the force field and loom toward Andrew, but Maggie, now a zombie, convinces him to spare their son. The game ends with Stubbs and Maggie sailing off on a small rowboat, kissing as Andrew and all of Punchbowl are destroyed by a nuclear bomb to cleanse the undead infestation, and they both "live" happily ever after.
Setting.
Punchbowl is a retro-futuristic city that resembles the future as portrayed by the media in 1950s. It includes hovercars, laser weaponry, a monorail, and robots. Punchbowl was envisioned and funded by Andrew Monday and created by his teams of scientists, led by former Nazi scientist Dr. Hermann Wye.
Gameplay.
In "Stubbs the Zombie" the player plays as a zombie, and the primary goal is therefore to kill humans and devour their brains. Eating brains gives back a certain amount of lost health to the player as well as converting those humans into zombies, causing them to fight alongside the player. The player also has the option of beating an enemy to death with melee strikes to transform them into zombies.
Stubbs' zombie state prevents him from wielding any conventional weapons, and instead wields a variety of improvised weaponry and combat techniques, most of which are done using a specific body part as explosives or makeshift devices.
All of the aforementioned improvised weapons, excluding Stubbs' hand, have a chance of converting the humans they kill into zombies. Stubbs can herd zombies which are in range by whistling. Since there is a limit to how many zombies will follow him at a time, Stubbs can guide the rest by sending whole groups of zombies in a direction with a single shove. Stubbs' zombie followers can kill humans and eat their brains, just like Stubbs can, and any human killed by one of his minions will also turn into a zombie. An enemy that fires upon a zombie in a group will attract the attention of all the rest of the zombies. Crowds of zombies serve as a great shield when approaching enemies armed with ranged weapons and are needed for sowing the necessary chaos and confusion into a difficult melee.
Stubbs can also drive a wide variety of vehicles, such as cars, tractors and tanks.
Development.
"Stubbs the Zombie" was Wideload Games' first game after its founding. The company's founder, Alex Seropian had previously co-founded and worked with Bungie and used the production as an experiment to determine how he would run an independent studio. The game's development began with a team of twelve, but Seropian decided to use contractors which raised the number to sixty. This decision brought difficulties when the hiring process wasn't properly overseen, leaving the team with a shortage of producers and lack of cohesion. A game development model was developed, with 12 full-time employees overseeing pre and post production phases, while independent contractors worked with the remaining content. Using the "Halo" engine provided some problem in the early stages. The engine was completely developed by Bungie and it lacked notes from them or peer reviews that would emphasize possible programming problems. Due to this, an excessive amount of time was spent determining which contractors would require training to use the engine, as well as how long they would receive instruction.
From the onset, the game's concept intended to innovate the horror genre by letting the player play as a zombie. Seropian claims that the team intended to take "something that people are familiar" and turn "it upside down." The game was intended to contrast with what was regarded as the general idea of zombie games, changing the "straightforward good guys versus zombies" format found in games like "Resident Evil". Humor became a key aspect during the developmental stage, with Seropian claiming that the team wanted to go "beyond just amusing dialogue in a cut-scene". Character dialogue and game mechanics were designed so that "funny results" are directly based on the player's action, preventing them from becoming repetitive or stale.
Reception.
"Stubbs the Zombie" received a generally positive reception in North America, with IGN giving it 8.1 out of 10.0, GameSpot 7.8 out of ten and "GamePro" 3.5 out of 5. However its reception in Europe was lukewarm, with Eurogamer giving it a score of 4/10, claiming that it has "lots of reasonable ideas that don't quite work" and "a general lack of cohesion". Metacritic gave the Xbox version of the game a score of 75/100. The Windows PC version earned a score of 72/100.
The game was perceived as "painfully short" and "linear", but "never boring".
The game's environments were described as "nicely varied", noting that "places like Punchbowl, the city of the future, are extremely well designed and appropriately cool looking." The game's soundtrack received predominantly positive reviews. The character's voice acting was described as the element that "set the game apart", to the point of claiming that "Never before have the sounds of zombie moaning been done so well in a game." IGN emphasized the "futile cries from civilians and armed foes" and "squishy, scalp-munching sound effects." as elements contributing to a higher quality than the game's visuals.
Stubbs the character was ranked second on "EGM's" Top Ten Badass Undead.
Cannibalism controversy.
"Stubbs the Zombie", along with "F.E.A.R.", encountered controversy in November 2005 regarding cannibalism in games. NIMF's David Walsh and U.S. Senator Joe Lieberman also criticized the game as "cannibalistic" and harmful to underage children. Senator Lieberman stated "It's just the worst kind of message to kids, and furthermore it can harm the entirety of America's youth".
Wideload Games responded by saying: 
GamePolitics also chided the report, calling it "ridiculous" and citing 36 mainstream news outlets had picked the story immediately after the NIMF report.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack to "Stubbs" features covers of 50s and 60s-era songs, as well as the original track "The Living Dead", all performed by modern-day artists.

</doc>
<doc id="2874450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874450" title="Bill Austin">
Bill Austin

William Lee Austin (October 18, 1928 – May 22, 2013) was a former American football player and coach in the National Football League, having played for the New York Giants for seven seasons (1949–50, 1953–57) and served as head coach for both the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1966 to 1968 and the Washington Redskins in 1970. He died on May 24, 2013 at his home in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Bill played for Oregon State University in college, earning All-Coast honors as a tackle in 1948. He also played in the 1949 East-West Shrine Game.
Austin coached for the Green Bay Packers during two of their championship seasons before becoming the Steelers head coach. However, during his three years with the Steelers, he failed to produce a winning season, finishing 11-28-3 over that span, and was replaced after the 1968 season by Chuck Noll. In 1969, Austin once again joined his former boss with the Packers, Vince Lombardi, in Washington as an assistant, then took over as head coach when Lombardi died of cancer on September 3, 1970. Dismissed after that season, he returned to his role as an assistant coach in the NFL for the remainder of his career, including a stint as Offensive Line Coach for the New York Giants in the early 1980s. [http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=BHkfAAAAIBAJ&sjid=CF4EAAAAIBAJ&pg=6930%2C405763]
He was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1982. He died at his home in Las Vegas in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2874451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874451" title="Kohn">
Kohn

Kohn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2874453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874453" title="Charyapada">
Charyapada

The Charyapada (, "Chôrjapôdô", "Charijagiti") is a collection of mystical poems, "caryagiti", in the Vajrayana tradition of Buddhism. It was written in pre-modern Bengali, Assamese, Maithili and Oriya during the 8th-12th centuries, and it is said to be the oldest collection of verses written in those languages. The original palm-leaf manuscript of the Charyapada was discovered in the early 20th century by Haraprasad Shastri at the Nepal Royal Court Library. There has been also a Tibetan translation of the Charyapada preserved in the Tibetan Buddhist canon.
Being "caryagiti" (songs of realisation), the Charyapada were intended to be sung. These songs of realisation were spontaneously composed verses that expressed a practitioner's experience of the enlightened state. Miranda Shaw describes how "caryagiti" were an element of the ritual gathering of practitioners in a tantric feast:
The feast culminates in the performance of tantric dances and music, that must never be disclosed to outsiders. The revellers may also improvise "songs of realization" ("caryagiti") to express their heightened clarity and blissful raptures in spontaneous verse.
Discovery.
The credit of discovering Charyapad goes to Haraprasad Shastri who during his third visit to Nepal discovered about 47 verses in 1907, the body of which came to be called "Charyapada", which are essentially Buddhist mystical songs. These were discovered from the Royal library of the Nepalese kings. Haraprasad Shastri first went to Nepal in 1897 for collecting Buddhist folklore. He discovered some folklore written in Sanskrit during his second trip in 1898. He undertook his third trip in 1907 in the hope of some more new folklore. He published his collections in a volume which was published in 1916. Although Haraprasad Shastri discovered as many as 47 poems (in fact 46 and a part of one), hints are there that the number would be 51 in total. These were written on narrow section of palm leaves.
Manuscripts.
The original palm-leaf manuscript of the Charyapada, or "Charyacharyavinishchayah", consisting of an anthology of 47 padas (verses) along with a Sanskrit commentary, was discovered by Haraprasad Shastri at the Nepal Royal Court Library in 1907. This manuscript was edited by Shastri and published by the Bangiya Sahitya Parishad as a part of his "Hajar Bacharer Purano Bangala Bhasay Bauddhagan O Doha" (The Buddhist Songs and Couplets in a thousand years old Bengali Language) in 1916 under the name of "Charyacharyavinishchayah". This manuscript is presently located at the National Archives of Nepal. Later Prabodhchandra Bagchi published a manuscript of a Tibetan translation containing 50 verses.
The Tibetan translation of the Charyapada provided additional information. It names the Sanskrit commentary as the "Charyagiti-koshavrtti" written by Munidatta. It also mentions that the original text was translated by Shilachari and its commentary by Munidatta was translated by Chandrakirti or Kirtichandra.
Poets.
The manuscript of the Charyapada discovered by Haraprasad Shastri from Nepal consists 47 padas (verses). The title-page, the colophon-page,the pages 36, 37, 38, 39 and 66 containing the padas (verses) 24, 25 and 48 and their commentaries were missing in this manuscript. The 47 verses of this manuscript were written by 22 Mahasiddhas, or Siddhacharyas, whose names are mentioned at the beginning of each pada (except the first Pada). In the Tibetan Buddhist Canon version of the text and its commentary 50 padas are found, which include the padas 24, 25 and 48 and the complete form of the pada 23. Pada 25 was written by the Siddhacharya poet Tantripāda, who work was not found earlier. In his commentary on pada 10, Munidatta mentioned the name of another Siddhacharya poet, Ladidombipāda, but no pada written by him has been discovered so far.
The names of the Siddhacharyas in Sanskrit (or its Tibetan language equivalent) are mentioned prior to each pada. Probably, the Sanskrit names of the Siddhacharya poets were assigned to each pada by the commentator Munidatta. Modern scholars doubt whether these assignments are proper on the basis of the internal evidences and other literary sources. Controversies also exist amongst the scholars as to the original names of the Siddhacharyas.
The poets and their works as mentioned in the text are as follows:
Nature.
The language of Charyapada is rather symbolic in nature. So in many cases the literal meaning of a word does not make any sense. As a result every poem has a descriptive or narrative surface meaning but also encodes tantric Buddhist teachings. Some experts believe this was to conceal sacred knowledge from the uninitiated, while others hold that it was to avoid religious persecution. An attempt was made to decipher the secret tantric inheritance of Charyapada.
Period.
Haraprasad Shastri, who discovered a few Charyapada, considered that it was written during the 10th century. However, according to Suniti Kumar Chatterjee, Charyapada was composed between 10th and 12th century. Probodh Chandra Bagchi upholds this view. Sukumar Sen while supporting this view maintained that Charyapada could have been written between 11th and 14th century. However, Muhammad Shahidullah was of the opinion that Charyapada dates back to earlier time. He maintained that it was likely to have been composed between 7th and 11th century. Rahul Sankrityayan thought that Charyapada was probably written between 8th and 11th century.
Controversies.
There is controversy about meaning of some words. Different linguists have diverse opinion about the real meaning of certain words.
It has been said that Charyapada was written in early form of Bengali and Oriya. Scholars of other languages claimed that it was written in Nepalese, Gujarati, Hindi, Maithili, and Assamese. Some scholars believe its words are more similar to Bishnupriya Manipuri rather than Bengali. It is claimed that Charyapada is the oldest record of Bishnupriya Manipuri literature.
Language.
Haraprasad Shastri in his introduction to the "Charyacharya-vinishchaya" referred to the enigmatic language of its verses as 'Twilight Language' (Sanskrit: "Sandhya-bhasha"), or "Alo-andhari" (half expressed and half concealed) based on the Sanskrit commentary of Munidatta. But later Vidhushekhara Shastri on the basis of evidences from a number of Buddhist texts referred to this language as 'Intentional Language' (Sanskrit: "Sandha-bhasha").
The Charyapadas were written by poets from different regions, and it is natural that they would display linguistic affinities from these regions. Different scholars claimed the affinities of the language of "Charyapada" with Assamese, Bengali, Maithili, and Oriya.
Affinities with Assamese.
Luipa, also known as Matsyendranath, was from Kamarupa and wrote two "charyas". Sarahapa, another poet, is said to have been from Rani, a place close to present-day Guwahati. Some of the affinities with Assamese are:
Negatives – the negative particle in Assamese comes ahead of the verb: "na jãi" (No. 2, 15, 20, 29); "na jivami" (No. 4); "na chadaa", "na jani", "na disaa" (No. 6). "Charya" 15 has 9 such forms.<br>
Present participles – the suffix "-ante" is used as in Assamese of the Vaishnava period: "jvante" (while living, No. 22); "sunante" (while listening, No. 30) etc.<br>
Incomplete verb forms – suffixes "-i" and "-iya" used in modern and old Assamese respectively: "kari" (3, 38); "cumbi" (4); "maria" (11); "laia" (28) etc.<br>
Present indefinite verb forms – "-ai": "bhanai" (1); "tarai" (5); "pivai" (6).<br>
Future – the "-iva" suffix: "haiba" (5); "kariba" (7).<br>
Nominative case ending – case ending in "e": "kumbhire khaa", "core nila" (2).<br>
Instrumental case ending – case ending "-e" and "-era": "uju bate gela" (15); "kuthare chijaa" (45).
The vocabulary of the Charyapadas includes non-"tatsama" words which are typically Assamese, such as "dala" (1), "thira kari" (3, 38), "tai" (4), "uju" (15), "caka" (14) etc.
Affinities with Oriya.
The beginnings of Oriya poetry coincide with the development of Charya Sahitya, the literature thus started by Mahayana Buddhist poets. This literature was written in a specific metaphor named “Sandhya Bhasha” and the poets like Luipa, Kanhupa are from the territory of Odisha. The language of Charya was considered as Prakrta. In his book ("Ascharya Charyachaya") Karunakar Kar has mentioned that Odisha is the origin of Charyapada as the Vajrayana school of Buddhism evolved there and started female worship in Buddhism. Worship of "Matri Dakini" and the practice of "Kaya sadhana" are the outcome of such new culture. Buddhist scholars like Lakshminkara and Padmasambhava were born in Odisha. The ideas and experience of Kaya sadhana and Shaki upasana (worshiping female principle) which were created by Adi siddhas and have poetic expressions are found in the lyrics of Charyapada. These were the first ever found literary documentation of Prakrit and Apabhramsa which are the primitive form of languages of eastern Indian origin. The poets of Charyapada prominently are from this region and their thought and writing style has influenced to the poems in early Oriya literature which is evidently prominent in the 16th century Oriya poetry written majorly in Panchasakha period.
The language of Kanhupa's poetry bears a very strong resemblance to Oriya language. For example :
"Ekasa paduma chowshathi pakhudi"<br>
"Tahin chadhi nachaa dombi bapudi"
"Paduma" (Padma:Lotus), "Chausathi" (64), "Pakhudi" (petals)
"Tahin" (there), "Chadhi" (climb/rise), "nachaa" (to dance), "Dombi" (an Oriya female belonging to scheduled caste), "Bapudi" ( a very colloquial Oriya language to apply as 'poor fellow' )
or
"Hali Dombi, Tote puchhami sadbhabe."<br>
"Isisi jasi dombi kahari nabe".
"Your hut stands outside the city"<br>
"Oh, untouchable maid"<br>
"The bald Brahmin passes sneaking close by"<br>
"Oh, my maid, I would make you my companion"<br>
"Kanha is a kapali, a yogi"<br>
"He is naked and has no disgust"<br>
"There is a lotus with sixty-four petals"<br>
"Upon that the maid will climb with this poor self and dance."
Oriya poet Jayadeva's some of the writing in Gitagovinda have "Ardhamagadhi padashrita giti" (poetry in "Ardhamagadhi") that is influenced by Charyagiti.
Affinities with Bengali.
A number of Siddhacharyas who wrote the verses of Charyapada were from Bengal. Shabarpa, Kukkuripa and Bhusukupa were born in different parts of Bengal. Some of the affinities with Bengali can be found from the genitive in "-era", "-ara"; the dative in "–re";
the locative in "–ta"; post-positional words like "maajha", "antara", "saanga"; past and future bases in "–il-", "-ib-"; present participle in "–anta"; conjunctive indeclinable in "–iaa"; conjunctive conditional in "–ite"; passive in "–ia-" and substantive roots "aach" and "thaak".
Melodies.
From the mention of the name of the Rāga (melody) for the each Pada at the beginning of it in the manuscript, it seems that these Padas were actually sung. All 50 Padas were set to the tunes of different Rāgas. The most common Rāga for Charyapada songs was "Patamanjari".
While, some of these Rāgas are extinct, the names of some of these Rāgas may be actually the variants of the names of the popular Rāgas as we know them today.
Glimpses of social life.
Many poems provide a realistic picture of early medieval society in eastern India by describing different occupations of people such as hunters, boatmen, and potters. The geographical locations, namely Banga and Kamarupa, are referred to in the poems. Names of the two rivers that occur are the Ganga and Yamuna. River Padma has been referred to as a canal. No reference to agriculture is available. References to female prostitution occur as well. The boat was the main mode of transport. Some description of wedding ceremony is also available.
Translations.
Produced below is English translation of the first verse of Charyapada. It was composed by Buddhist Siddhacharya poet Luipa.
<poem>
"The body is like the finest tree, with five branches."
"Darkness enters the restless mind."
"Strengthen the quantity of Great Bliss, says Luyi."
"Learn from asking the Guru."
"Why does one meditate?"
"Surely one dies of happiness or unhappiness."
"Set aside binding and fastening in false hope."
"Embrace the wings of the Void."
"Luyi says : I have seen this in meditation"
"Inhalation and exhalation are seated on two stools."
</poem>
This piece has been rendered into English by Hasna Jasimuddin Moudud.

</doc>
<doc id="2874475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874475" title="TVH">
TVH

TVH is a short form of several things:

</doc>
<doc id="2874476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874476" title="Mike Nixon">
Mike Nixon

Mike Nixon (November 21, 1911 – September 22, 2000) is a former American football player, coach and scout who spent close to a half-century connected to the game. His most prominent positions have been as head coach of the National Football League's Washington Redskins and Pittsburgh Steelers.
Early life.
The son of a Serbian coal miner, Mike Nikšić (because everyone kept pronouncing "Nicksick" he changed it to Nixon) was born and raised in the Pittsburgh area community of Masontown, Pennsylvania and attended the University of Pittsburgh, where he played three seasons under the legendary Jock Sutherland, including action in the 1933 Rose Bowl. At Pitt, he won All-America recognition as a running back, while also working summers in the same coal mines as his father. He then advanced to the NFL, but played just one season with the Steelers in 1935 before entering the coaching fraternity at his alma mater the next year. 
During this same period, he also played third base in minor league baseball's Southern Association, while seeking other coaching opportunities. When Sutherland resigned on March 6, 1939, Nixon stayed on for a year before joining Bill Kern's staff at West Virginia University. It was shortly after this period that Nixon changed his name from its original "Nicksick," basing the decision on a discussion with Sutherland, who said it would help him with respect to coaching positions in the South.
Professional coaching career.
Nixon departed after two seasons to return to the professional level as an assistant with the NFL's Brooklyn Dodgers. With player shortages beginning that year due to World War II, Nixon briefly resumed his playing career by signing a contract with the team on November 19, 1942. Nixon himself eventually left to serve as a lieutenant in the U.S. Navy for three years, but returned in 1946 as a Steelers assistant under his former coach Sutherland. 
He stayed in that role for the next six seasons, but left on June 3, 1952 to join Joe Kuharich, who had been named head coach with the Chicago Cardinals. Kuharich's tenure with the team was brief, but when he was named as head coach of the Redskins after the 1953 NFL season, Nixon followed him to the nation's capital.
Kuharich's five-year tenure in Washington was only slightly better than his Cardinals stint, with the mentor leaving for the head coaching position at the University of Notre Dame following the conclusion of the 1958 NFL season. On December 22 of that year, Nixon earned his first head coaching position when he was promoted by Redskins' owner George Preston Marshall.
The next two years would be miserable for Nixon, who watched his team compile a record of 4-18-2, predictably resulting in his dismissal after the 1960 NFL season had ended. After seeking another head coaching job, Nixon settled for an assistant's role on February 11, 1961 back with the Steelers under Buddy Parker. After a 6-8 campaign in his first year, the team improved to a 9-5 record the following year, and was one game away from winning the Eastern Conference title in 1963. However, by the time the next season started, age and injuries had caught up with the Steelers. Two weeks before the start of the 1965 NFL season, Parker abruptly quit. Nixon was promoted to head coach the next day, but endured (up to that time) the franchise's worst season with a 2-12 mark. 
Nixon was fired after the season ended, but found work a few months later, again with Kuharich, now the head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles. Following a 9-5 season in 1966, the team won three less games the following year, then bottomed out with a 2-12 mark in 1968. Once again, Nixon was looking for work after Kuharich was dismissed after the arrival of new owner Leonard Tose.
On July 1, 1969, Nixon was signed as a scout for the Cleveland Browns, spending his first season looking only at teams in the American Football League. The strategy was for Nixon to gauge the strengths and weaknesses of the teams that would be facing the Browns after they changed leagues because the NFL-AFL merger. In subsequent years, Nixon would focus on college scouting, becoming the team's director of college scouting on February 20, 1974. He would keep that role until his retirement in the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="2874478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874478" title="TFF">
TFF

TFF may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2874481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874481" title="Graff">
Graff

Graff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874482" title="Orcon Internet Limited">
Orcon Internet Limited

Orcon Limited (trading as Orcon) is a privately owned New Zealand telecommunications company. It is New Zealand's fourth largest Internet service provider (ISP). It has a 5% share of the fixed line market.
History.
Seeby Woodhouse founded Orcon by starting a small business (Orcon Group Limited) while at university in 1994.
The startup provided computer advice and support, as well as selling early-model cell-phones and accessories. Demand led the business to expand its scope to include PC upgrade and repair services. Orcon remained focused on the local market on Auckland's North Shore. By 1996 the business had expanded its range of products and sphere of operations. It began distributing computer accessories and supplies to small-business owners and to home users throughout the Auckland region and to other parts of New Zealand as required.
In 1997 Orcon Group commenced as an ISP with three dial-in 33.6k modems. Through the start-up phase it focused on the no-frills end of the market, aiming at skilled and technically minded customers, with pricing at half the price of the cheapest competition. In 2002 Orcon became a major ISP in the residential market; it launched a new web portal and undertook marketing initiatives to grow the customer base that positive word-of-mouth had established.
On 12 June 2007 Kordia, a state-owned telecommunications company, purchased Orcon for NZ$24.3m, effectively nationalizing it. Seeby Woodhouse, an 80% stakeholder, made $19.44 million from the deal, while business-partner Mark Mackay pocketed $4.86 million. Orcon's main competitors included Telecom and Vodafone.
In April 2013 Kordia sold Orcon to a business group led by Warren Hurst of Vivid Networks. Hurst owns 48% of the company and is a director.
In June 2014 the company was bought by CallPlus.
Local-loop unbundling.
Orcon issued a press release on 9 August 2007 stating that they had become the "first 100% kiwi owned telecommunications provider" to install equipment in the first unbundled Telecom exchange at Ponsonby. On 30 August 2007, Orcon released an additional press release to announce that they had successfully connected a trial customer at ADSL2+ speeds to their DSLAM via local-loop unbundling (LLU). In March 2008 Orcon launched their ADSL2+ service in parts of Auckland, becoming the first ISP to commercially provide ADSL2+ in New Zealand.
Orcon has been a key participant in recent years in New Zealand's LLU process, which is a rapid u-turn from past public statements by former chief executive Seeby Woodhouse. A Computerworld article from 2005 describing a joint letter by several ISPs to the Commerce Commission quotes Woodhouse as saying he did not sign the letter because he did not agree with the request for local loop unbundling. With LLU, Woodhouse says, only the bigger players such as ihug (now Vodafone), TelstraClear (also now Vodafone), and possibly CallPlus (Slingshot) could afford to put their own equipment into the exchanges.
Ultra-Fast Broadband.
Orcon was the first retailer to begin providing fibre as part of the Ultra-Fast Broadband (UFB) scheme. In September 2011, Orcon announced that a group of Northland schools were set up for service, with Orcon delivering telecommunications over fibre in partnership with Orewa-based internet service provider Watchdog Corporation Ltd.
Genius Go.
In June 2013, Orcon launched Genius Go, a smartphone app that allows customers to make local 'landline' calls and receive calls to their home phone line via their smartphone, wherever they are in the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874485" title="Teine">
Teine

Teine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874489" title="Tsurani">
Tsurani

The Tsurani are a race of humans in the "Empire" Trilogy novels by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts. In the series, the feudal Empire of Tsuranuanni is located on the fictional world of Kelewan. The social and political institutions as depicted show a clear influence of feudal Japan, while some of the characters have clearly Nahuatl-influenced names. 
Geography.
The Empire of Tsuranuanni, spanning three continents on the world of Kelewan, consists of the following provinces: Dustari, Ambolina, Neshka, Szetac, Hokani, Lash, Coltari, Honshoni, and Sweto.
Culture.
Tsurani culture is based on a feudal hierarchy. Every individual is born into a specific station with the main hereditary classes being slave, freeperson, and lord/lady. Social status is extremely important to the Tsurani culture and there are many fine divisions within these class distinctions. Great Ones, magicians of the Greater Path, can be drawn from any class, even slaves, based on any observed talent towards magic.
The Empire of Tsuranuani is divided into provinces, each province divided into many estates, the hereditary homes of Tsurani Lords/Ladies. Lords and Ladies have soldiers, field workers, and household staff who have sworn fealty in return for protection and shelter, as well as slaves who are considered property. A sub-class of Tsurani that falls beneath even a slave is that of the grey warrior, former soldiers and servants of dead or disgraced Lords and Ladies, who as a debt of shame to their former house, are not permitted an honorable death.
Lords and Ladies of the Empire are allied by Clan and political party affiliation. Lordship and Ladyship within a family is hereditary via agnatic primogeniture, that is if there are no direct male heirs to become the next ruling Lord, a female heir may become ruling Lady.
Tsurani culture places a high value on tradition, family values, and honor. The Tsurani always strive to appear and act honorably, though shady dealings including murder and sabotage are not uncommon and are condoned so long as there is no proof of wrongdoing. However, public revelation of dishonorable behavior, such as discovery of plans to assassinate another Lord/Lady or cowardice on the battlefield, can force a ruling Lord or Lady to commit ritual suicide (or even obliteration of their entire family) to retain their House's honor.
Great Ones.
Great Ones, or Black Robes, are magicians on Kelewan who practice magic of the Greater Path. They form the Assembly of Magicians, which resides in The City of Magicians in the northern Ambolina province. Great Ones are considered outside the law, allowed to act largely as they see fit in the name of serving the Empire and even the Emperor cannot overrule a decision made by a Great One. Although the Great Ones usually avoid meddling with the day-to-day running of the Empire, there have been certain instances in which their intervention has affected the evolution of the Empire.
Only one of every five persons inducted into training to become a Great One makes it to this ultimate goal and takes his place in the Assembly of Magicians, while those who fail die in the process. Women are not permitted to become Great Ones, female children that display any magical ability are abruptly removed from their homes by the Assembly and subsequently murdered, unbeknown to the rest of the Empire.
During the Last book of the Empire Series, Mistress of the Empire (Co-written by Janny Wurts), the Great Ones become bound by the Law and are no longer outside it under the taking of the throne of the Light of Heaven by House Acoma. During this final confrontation, Cho-ja spellcasters face off against six of the magicians of the assembly including Hochopepa and Shimone to try to stop the Black Robes from destroying their empire inadvertently.
Politics.
The High Council, consisting of the lords and ladies of Great and Lesser houses, has ruled Tsuranuanni for thousands of years. The Lords of the Five Great Families, the oldest Houses in the Empire, can be elected Warlord by consensus of the High Council. The Warlord is then the leader of the High Council. Political machinations usually play the biggest part in the nomination of the Warlord, with murder not unheard of during the election.
The Emperor, known as the Light Of Heaven, is viewed as a living god, revered by all Tsurani. The Light of Heaven is seen as more of a spiritual leader who rarely enters public sight, let alone exercises his power. He spends most of his time in spiritual contemplation, praying for the welfare of the Empire. The Warlord tends to rule the Empire in the Emperor's stead, commanding supreme political and military authority, like a medieval Prime Minister of sorts.
The Warlord is the supreme commander of the Tsurani military as well as leader of the High Council. They are traditionally elected from among the lords of the five Great Families, as those families are descended from the brothers of the first Emperor and thus the founders of Tsuranuanni, a fact not known to many other than imperial scholars. Although the power and influence of each of the five families (and their clans) waxes and wanes with each generation, they are held to be among the most powerful in the Empire.
Although political parties exist, houses can join and leave parties as they wish, often using their party affiliations to gain an advantage over a rival or rouse support for a Lord/Ladies's own agenda. Political parties can also join together in alliances, as was the case during the Riftwar. The War Party and the Blue Wheel Party joined forces in the Alliance for War, though the Blue Wheel Party withdrew four years into the Riftwar, greatly weakening the then Warlord's position within the High Council.
Clan affiliations are based upon blood relation, though they are often quite loose and usually do not have a huge impact on voting within the High Council. However, if Clan Honor is called, every House in the Clan must support the agenda of the House who has called Clan Honor. As Clan Honor could potentially drag the entire Empire into civil war, the Great Ones can intervene and forbid any fighting between Clans or Houses, even going so far as to use magical powers to enforce their will. All Clans nominate a Warchief, who commands the military forces of a Clan. The Lords of the Five Families can also be elected Warlord, the supreme military commander of Tsuranuanni. The Warlord is second-in-command only to the Emperor, but the Warlord is usually more powerful due to the Light of Heaven rarely engaging in political or military matters.
The Riftwar with the Midkemians heralded a sweeping change to the structure of Tsurani politics. Mara of the Acoma became disillusioned with Tsurani politics when a slave in her possession explained the structure of Midkemian society, which was similarly a feudal state but with no slavery and the ruling leadership held more accountable for their actions. Using every political advantage at her disposal, Mara managed to dissolve the position of Warlord, making the Emperor the supreme leader of the council, supported by the Lords of the Five Families. In a twist of fate, Mara was then adopted into the Imperial Family and her son Justin eventually became the 92nd Light of Heaven, though his father was the Midkemian slave Kevin, a fact not known to many outside of Mara's inner circle.
Known clans and families.
Clans of the five Great Families:
Other clans:
† One of the Five Great Families
With the destruction of House Minwanabi, House Acoma became one of the Five Great Families (and Clan Hadama one of the most powerful clans), although Clan Shonshoni continued to exist.
Religion.
There are 20 orders (10 higher, 10 lower) that have priests and temples throughout Tsuranuanni. On the occasion of the wedding and coronation of Justin and Jehilia, they are called the "Twenty Higher Gods." The following chapter speaks of the "Twenty Gods of the Higher Heaven and the Twenty Gods of the Lower Heaven." Only a few of the Tsurani gods are listed in Raymond Feist's novels. They are as follows:
Gods in addition to 20:
Rifts.
A rift is a pathway between worlds, often created by magicians. The Black Robes of Tsuranuanni have discovered a method to create rifts, but only Milamber (Pug as he is called on Midkemia), his son Magnus and Macros the Black have thus far mastered the ability to control the size and destination of rifts. The first rift to appear on Midkemia came from Kelewan, which led to the Riftwar.

</doc>
<doc id="2874499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874499" title="Hani Naser">
Hani Naser

Hani Naser () is a musician from Jordan. He specializes in the oud and hand percussion instruments, particularly the goblet drum and djembe.
Considered a master in his field, Naser inspired Randy Lewis of the "Los Angeles Times" to call him a "Veritable Hand Drum Wizard." The breadth of Naser's talent has earned him the opportunity to perform and record with many of the most influential artists of this era including Nickey Hopkins (Rolling Stones), Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, Ry Cooder, Jim Keltner (John Lennon's drummer), Steve Miller, Los Lobos, Violent Femmes, Don Henley, Hamza El Din, Kazu Matsui, Jennifer Warnes, David Broza, Paco de Lucía, Santana, Brian Ritchie, Tony Trischka, Leftover Salmon, Quick Silver Messenger Service, John Hiatt, Warren Zevon, Ruben Blades, Lou Reed, The Blind Boys of Alabama, 7 Walkers, (Bill Kreutzman, Papa Mali, George Porter Jr., Matt Hubbard), David Lindley, and many others. Naser is at home in a multitude of musical styles and has a reputation as an expert improviser and prolific songwriter.
As a child in the hills above Jordan, Hani remembers many mornings listening to his grandfather (ABU FARHAN), the village poet recite poetry while grinding fresh roasted coffee with a stick in a gourd like pot. Accompanied by the rhythmic crunching of the beans, his stories and songs provided a rich beginning for Naser's musical path. This unique influence is the source of Hani’s eclectic drumming style. Nowhere is this better revealed than in his recent collaborations with rock legend David Lindley. During the duo’s seven years of touring the world, they produced what Paul Harrar of The Union calls "One of the finest jam sessions in the music business." Reviewing a concert featuring David Lindley and Hani Naser, "Los Angeles Times" music critic Randy Lewis writes: "David and Hani make a convincing case for the essence of musical forms and in the process they have produced an enduring testament to the timeless flexibility and resonance of the Middle Eastern, Flamenco, Rock n Roll, Jazz, and Blues forms." Their album "Live in Tokyo" was chosen by "Guitar Player" magazine as one of the top 100 albums of the last decade.
Naser was featured on Hamza El Din's latest album "A Wish" which topped the World Music charts. For Hani music doesn't have a perspective, or an opinion, it doesn’t allow for that. Music only allows for the moment. Throughout his life Hani has had a holistic sense of musical experience and the need to communicate that on a global level. He recently toured the war-torn Middle East with Israeli singer-songwriter David Broza to promote peace through music, a mission very close to Hani's heart. They were invited by the Israeli and Jordanian Governments to perform in concert during the peace signing between the two countries. 
Hani has also lead intensive workshops entitled "The Healing Powers of Rhythm and Music." Naser's lifelong exploration of the spiritual dimensions of music has led him to the realization that "Every drum has its own voice." Going deeper into the mysteries of music he continues, "There is a universal rhythm that I am constantly trying to be in touch with. We are vibrations. Sometimes vibrations get out of sync. Music, I have found, brings back that balance."
Hani Naser continues to lead these workshops at the Esalen Institute and other institutions and has formed a band with Walfredo Reyes Jr., Armand Sabal-Lecco, and Craig Eastman.

</doc>
<doc id="2874511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874511" title="Aislaby, Ryedale">
Aislaby, Ryedale

Aislaby is a hamlet and civil parish near the English town of Pickering, North Yorkshire. It was known as Aslachesbi in the "Domesday Book". It forms part of the Ryedale local government district.

</doc>
<doc id="2874515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874515" title="Vinylacetylene">
Vinylacetylene

Vinylacetylene is the organic compound with the formula C4H4. The colourless gas was once used in the polymer industry. It is composed of both alkyne and alkene groups.
Vinylacetylene is extremely dangerous because in high enough concentrations (typically > 30 mole percent, but pressure dependent) it can auto-detonate (explode without air being present) especially at elevated pressures, such as those seen in chemical plants processing C4 hydrocarbons. An example of such an explosion occurred at a Union Carbide plant in Texas City in 1969.
Synthesis.
Vinylacetylene was first prepared by Hofmann elimination of the related quaternary ammonium salt:
It is usually synthesized by dehydrohalogenation of 1,3-dichloro-2-butene. It also arises via the dimerization of acetylene or dehydrogenation of 1,3-butadiene.
Application.
At one time, chloroprene (2-chloro-1,3-butadiene), an industrially important monomer, was produced via the intermediacy of vinyl acetylene. In this process, acetylene is dimerized to give vinyl acetylene, which is then combined with hydrogen chloride to give 4-chloro-1,2-butadiene via 1,4-addition. This allene derivative which, in the presence of cuprous chloride, rearranges to 2-chloro-1,3-butadiene:

</doc>
<doc id="2874522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874522" title="Aislaby, Scarborough">
Aislaby, Scarborough

Aislaby (pronounced "ais-el-bee") is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England. It is situated near the town of Whitby.
According to the 2011 UK census, Aislaby parish had a population of 243, a reduction on the 2001 UK census figure of 280.
There are other Aislabys nearby - near Pickering and also to the west of Stockton-on-Tees. All three place-names are derived from Viking Old Norse "Aslakr's farm".

</doc>
<doc id="2874523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874523" title="Bam Province">
Bam Province

Bam is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso. It is in Centre-Nord Region and the capital of Bam is Kongoussi. In 2006 it had a population of 277092. It is a rural province with 252,509 of its residents living in the countryside; only 24,583 live in urban areas. There are 132,086 men living in Bam Province and 145,006 women.
Bam is divided into 9 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874525" title="Banwa Province">
Banwa Province

Banwa is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and is in Boucle du Mouhoun Region. The capital of Banwa is Solenzo. In 2006 it had a population of 267,934. It is a rural province with 255,337 of its residents living in the countryside; only 12,597 live in urban areas. There are 131,100 men living in Bam Province and 136,834 women.
Banwa is divided into 6 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874526" title="Buddy Parker">
Buddy Parker

Raymond "Buddy" Parker (December 16, 1913 – March 22, 1982) is a former football player and coach in the National Football League who served as head coach for three teams: the Chicago Cardinals, the Detroit Lions and the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Parker grew up in Kemp, Texas, just outside of Dallas, and played collegiately for Centenary College in Louisiana for three years beginning in 1932. Parker then signed with the Lions as a fullback in 1935, and during his first season, he helped the team capture the NFL championship. After one more year in the Motor City, he was traded to the Cardinals and spent the next seven seasons with Chicago, also seeing time on defense as a linebacker and defensive back. During the latter two years, he added the duties of backfield coach before becoming a full-time assistant in 1945. 
In 1947, the Cardinals captured their second (and only undisputed) NFL title, then lost in a blizzard in the following year's championship clash at Philadelphia. On February 3, 1949, he and Phil Handler were named co-head coaches of the Cardinals, replacing Jimmy Conzelman, who had left to work for a local advertising agency. The unique arrangement, which had Parker handling the offense and Handler the defense, quickly proved to be unworkable, and Handler was returned to the front office on October 25 with the Cardinals sporting a 2-4 record. 
In the season's final six games, Parker's team won four games, but a 52-20 loss to the crosstown Bears was quickly followed by Parker's surprising resignation on December 11. Publicly he stated, "I'm tired of being a head coach. The duties are too demanding," but Parker also reportedly was upset with his uncertain job status.
After first reconsidering his abrupt departure, Parker then signed as backfield coach of the Lions January 21, 1950. However, after head coach Bo McMillin found himself in continuous battles with players during the ensuing campaign, he resigned on December 19, with Parker being promoted to the top job the following day.
Parker and quarterback Bobby Layne would popularize what became known as the two-minute offense, which allowed a team's offense to quickly move down the field late in a game. In Parker's first year, he led the team to a 7-4-1 record, good for a second place tie in the Western Conference. While the record was slightly better than average, he began bringing in the talent that would turn the team into a dominant force over the next few years. 
Parker's superstitions also became legendary, with none of his players ever wearing the number 13, and the team always staying at the Chicago Hilton hotel when playing either the Bears or Cardinals. That choice of lodging changed after the team was placed one year on the 13th floor and lost.
The 1952 NFL season saw the Lions defeat the Los Angeles Rams in a divisional playoff on December 21, then use a strong defensive effort to defeat the injury-plagued Cleveland Browns on the road by a 17-7 score. In 1953, the two teams again met for the title, with some late heroics by Layne and Jim Doran helping to squeeze out a 17-16 thriller in the December 27th game.
Putting together a 9-2-1 mark in 1954, the Lions and Browns met for the third straight year, but this time, Cleveland battered Detroit by a 56-10 score. The after-effects of the result lasted throughout the following year, when retirement and injuries plunged the Lions to a 3-9 last-place finish. Parker was able to make another run for the title in 1956, but the Lions dropped the season finale to the Bears, the key play coming when Layne was knocked out of the game with a concussion from a hit behind the play that Parker felt was both cheap and illegal.
On July 26, 1957, Parker obtained quarterback Tobin Rote, a prescient move that would help the team when Layne broke his ankle and Rote then led the Lions to their third championship in six years. However, Parker would not be around to enjoy the championship season after stunning the football world by resigning on August 12 during the team's preseason training camp. In his resignation Parker cited an inability to control his players, but his struggle in obtaining a two-year contract from Lions' management also likely played a role.
After first reports had him replacing Baltimore Colts head coach Weeb Ewbank, Parker would instead take over the Steelers on August 27, signing a five-year contract. During his first season, Parker led the team to a 6-6 mark and began making countless trades that left the team with few top draft choices over the next six years.
During the 1958 preseason, Parker attempted to get the players' attention by cutting five veterans, including Billy Wells, the team's leading rusher the previous season. He also reunited with Layne, trading for the signal caller on October 6. The price (quarterback Earl Morrall and two first round draft picks) was steep, but the immediate impact was evident: the team improved to 7-4-1, the team's best record in a decade.
The next two years, the Steelers managed to compete at a .500 level, but dropped to 6-8 in 1961. The next year, the team finished second in the Eastern Conference with a 9-5 mark, then came within one game of competing in the 1963 NFL championship game before falling to the New York Giants. During the latter year, the team challenged despite the retirement of Layne and the tragic off-season death of Eugene "Big Daddy" Lipscomb.
The aging team then began a decline that would continue until the arrival of Chuck Noll in 1969. During the 1964 NFL season, Parker's team finished 5-9, but Parker signed a three-year deal on January 22, 1965, saying that the team was not that far away from a championship. He would change his mind when the team dropped its first four exhibition games, and repeated history by resigning on September 5, reportedly telling team owner Art Rooney, "I can't win with this bunch of stiffs."
Parker would never again coach, spending much of his remaining years in the real estate field, but he did receive job offers. In January 1966, he was under consideration for a Rams' assistant position under George Allen, then was a candidate for head coach of the Washington Redskins in December 1968.
On March 7, 1982, he underwent surgery for a ruptured ulcer, but complications left him unconscious until his death 15 days later.

</doc>
<doc id="2874528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874528" title="Bazèga Province">
Bazèga Province

Bazèga is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and is in Centre-Sud Region. The capital of Bazèga is Kombissiri. In 2006 the population of Bazèga was 238,202.
Bazèga is divided into 7 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874529" title="Bougouriba Province">
Bougouriba Province

Bougouriba is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and is in Sud-Ouest Region. In 2006 the population of Bougouriba was 102507. The capital of Bougouriba is Diébougou. The 127km2 Bontioli Reserve is located in the province.
Bougouriba is divided into 5 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874530" title="Boulgou Province">
Boulgou Province

Boulgou is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and is in Centre-Est Region. The capital of Boulgou is Tenkodogo. The population of Boulgou in 2006 was 542,286.
Boulgou is divided into 13 communes:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874532" title="Boulkiemdé Province">
Boulkiemdé Province

Boulkiemdé is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and is in Centre-Ouest Region. The capital of Boulkiemdé is Koudougou. The population of Boulkiemdé was 498,008 in 2006.
Boulkiemde is divided into 13 departments as follows:
Boulkiemdé (specifically the department of Bingo) was a location in the American television series "The Amazing Race 12" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="2874536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874536" title="Comoé Province">
Comoé Province

Comoé is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Cascades Region. The capital of Comoé is Banfora. The population of Comoé was 400,534 in 2006.
Comoé is divided into 9 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874537" title="Gnagna Province">
Gnagna Province

Gnagna is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, and is in Est Region. The capital of Gnagna is Bogandé. 
The population of Gnagna in 2006 was 407,739.
Subdivision.
Gnagna is divided into 7 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874538" title="Parks and open spaces in Barnet">
Parks and open spaces in Barnet

The London Borough of Barnet, located on the northern periphery of London and having much of the area within its boundaries in the Metropolitan Green Belt, has a large number of parks and open spaces. In addition there are large areas taken over by cemeteries and golf courses, and part of Hampstead Heath.
Parks.
Premier Parks.
Barnet describes its 16 main open spaces as 'premier parks', seven of which achieved a Green Flag Award for 2009/10:
Other Parks and Green Spaces.
The borough contains over 200 green spaces. Some of them are:
Nature Reserves.
Local Nature Reserves.
Barent has 7 Local Nature Reserves
Sites of Nature Conservation Interest.
The Borough has 67 Sites of Importance for Nature Conservation, and these are listed in Nature reserves in Barnet. Some of them are: 
Dollis Valley Greenwalk.
The Dollis Valley Greenwalk, in Barnet is one of 11 green spaces throughout Greater London chosen to receive money for redevelopment by a public vote. The walk received £400,000 towards a variety of improvements, including better footpaths, and more lighting. It follows Dollis Brook, which is also Site of Importance for Nature Conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="2874539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874539" title="Houet Province">
Houet Province

Houet is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Hauts-Bassins Region.
The capital of Houet is Bobo-Dioulasso.
Houet is divided into 9 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874542" title="Ioba Province">
Ioba Province

Ioba is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Sud-Ouest Region.
The capital of Ioba is Dano.
Ioba is divided into 7 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874544" title="Komondjari Province">
Komondjari Province

Komondjari is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Est Region.
Its capital (and only town) is Gayéri.

</doc>
<doc id="2874546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874546" title="Soup2Nuts">
Soup2Nuts

Soup2Nuts (formerly Tom Snyder Productions) is an American animation studio founded by Tom Snyder. The studio is known for its animated comedy series, its use of "Squigglevision", a technique of animation that reuses frames to make the animation look more kinetic, and for its style of improvisation in voice acting.
The company was started as part of Tom Snyder Productions, when it created and produced its first TV show, "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist" in 1995 for Comedy Central. Later, the company created and produced Home Movies for Adult Swim. Following their purchase by Scholastic Corporation in 2001, the animated digital production company was renamed Soup2Nuts, because of the company's involvement in the production of programs from beginning to end. A division of Soup2Nuts now produces shorts, book adaptations, commercials, and interactive online series.
Soup2Nuts began work on "WordGirl" in 2005, a super-hero comedy for PBS Kids. It has won numerous national awards including Best Direction for an Animated Children's Program and Outstanding Writing in Animation.

</doc>
<doc id="2874549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874549" title="Kompienga Province">
Kompienga Province

Kompienga is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Est Region.
The capital of Kompienga is Pama. The province also borders the country of Togo. The Kompienga Dam located in the province is the country's first hydro-electric dam and is responsible for much of Ouagadougou's electricity supply.

</doc>
<doc id="2874550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874550" title="Koulpélogo Province">
Koulpélogo Province

Koulpélogo is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Centre-Est Region.
Its capital is Ouargaye.
Koulpelogo is divided into 8 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874551" title="Kouritenga Province">
Kouritenga Province

Kouritenga is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Centre-Est Region.
Its capital is Koupéla.
Kouritenga is divided into 9 departments
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874553" title="Kourwéogo Province">
Kourwéogo Province

Kourwéogo is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Plateau-Central Region. 
Its capital is Boussé.
Kourweogo is divided into 5 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874555" title="Léraba Province">
Léraba Province

Léraba is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Cascades Region.
Its capital is Sindou.
Leraba is divided into 8 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874556" title="Chinese Union Version">
Chinese Union Version

The Chinese Union Version (CUV) () is the predominant translation of the Bible into Chinese used by Chinese Protestants, first published in 1919. The text is now in the public domain.
The CUV is currently available in both traditional and simplified Chinese, and is published in Hong Kong by the Hong Kong Bible Society, a bible society affiliated with the United Bible Societies, in Taiwan by the Bible Society in Taiwan, also associated with the United Bible Societies, and in China by Amity Printing Co., Ltd., of the Amity Foundation in Nanjing, related to the China Christian Council and also affiliated with the United Bible Societies.
A revision for the CUV, the Revised Chinese Union Version (RCUV) (), was completed for the New Testament in 2006, and for the entire Bible in 2010.
History.
The CUV was translated by a panel with members from many different Protestant denominations, using the English Revised Version as a basis and original manuscripts for crosschecking. Work on the CUV began in 1890 and originally, three versions of the CUV were planned—two classical Chinese versions and a vernacular Mandarin Chinese version. The CUV was completed in 1919, with one amalgamated classical Chinese translation and one vernacular Mandarin translation. With the onset of May Fourth Movement, and the associated New Culture Movement, the CUV is the second translated work to be published in Vernacular Mandarin Chinese, after the first vernacular Chinese Bible, the Peking Committee Bible.
The CUV in use today is the vernacular Mandarin Chinese version, published in two slightly different editions—the Shen Edition (神版) and the Shangti Edition (上帝版)--differing in the way the word “God” is translated. The vernacular Chinese language in the CUV has changed a lot since 1919 and its language is stilted for modern readers. Furthermore, many Chinese characters used in the CUV have fallen into disuse and cannot be found in commonly available dictionaries today.
Work towards the revision for the CUV, the "Revised Chinese Union Version" (RCUV), started in the early 1980s. Its goal was to update the language of the CUV while keeping as much of the original translation as intact as possible, ultimately resulting in an update of 15% of the New Testament and 20% of the Old Testament. The revision to the New Testament was completed in 2006, and to the entire Bible in 2010. This version was consecrated on 27 September 2010 at St. John’s Cathedral in Hong Kong.
Typography.
Text in the Chinese Union Version is typeset generally vertically from right to left, with some captions for illustrations typeset horizontally from left to right. The typography is unusual, with many archaisms and some ad hoc typographic devices.
Chinese Union Version with New Punctuation.
Because of the old-style and ad hoc punctuation, the CUV looks archaic and somewhat strange to the modern reader. The result of updating the CUV’s punctuation in line with modern usage is the "Chinese Union Version with New Punctuation" (CUVNP or CUNP; ) which was published in 1988.
This edition with the Chinese characters written horizontally, printed by Amity Printing Company, Nanjing, and published by China Christian Council, Shanghai, constitutes the largest number of the Bibles in present-day China. Some wording and proper nouns (people's names and place names) have been changed from the 1919 version in order to adapt to the modern use of the Chinese language. A bilingual Chinese-English edition, the Chinese Union Version combined with the New Revised Standard Version, is also published by China Christian Council.
Online Versions.
The CUV is available online, due to its public domain status. The text in the online versions, however, is slightly different because Big5 does not contain all the characters needed to typeset the CUV.
An online Chinese bible with Pin Yin to learn how to read the New Testament in Mandarin is accessible at
www.bibleinchinese.com

</doc>
<doc id="2874557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874557" title="Loroum Province">
Loroum Province

Loroum is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Nord Region.
Its capital is Titao.
Loroum is divided into 4 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874562" title="Xtra (ISP)">
Xtra (ISP)

Xtra Limited is the former name New Zealand's largest Internet service provider (ISP). It was founded in 1996 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Telecom New Zealand. Xtra has provided dial-up Internet access throughout New Zealand since its inception. In 1999 it created New Zealand's first ADSL service.
The name Xtra was also used with the separate entity Yahoo!Xtra, a joint venture web portal between Telecom (49% stake) and Yahoo!7 (51% stake) from 2007 to 2011. The venture was formed in December 2006 replacing the XtraMSN web portal and included additional features for Xtra broadband customers.
In 2008 Telecom dropped the Xtra brand name from products and services, using Telecom instead (Xtra broadband became Telecom broadband for example).
History and trading practices.
In 1999 Telecom created New Zealand's only ADSL service. Telecom later allowed other ISPs to access its ADSL networks (under increasing government and public pressure), although some claimed that Telecom provided unfair and monopolistic terms of trade regarding its wholesale ADSL services.
As a subsidiary of Telecom New Zealand, Xtra retained some of the monopoly that its parent company formerly had. To many people, this monopoly was regarded as an unfair advantage over other ISPs. Many lobbyists, including Slingshot's CEO Annette Presley, persuaded New Zealand's Communications Ministry to force the unbundling of Telecom's local loop, so as to make fairer trading terms and lessen Xtra's ISP monopoly. The company has breached the Fair Trading Act 1986 at least eight times between 2003 and 2010.
ORBS.
During 2001 Xtra and Actrix (another New Zealand Internet service provider) won a High Court injunction to force Alan Brown, the maintainer of the Open Relay Behavior-modification System (ORBS) anti-spam blacklist, to remove them from the list. ORBS was a blacklist of IP addresses relating to open mail relays like those run by Xtra, which enable spammers to send unsolicited bulk e-mail. Hundreds of organisations subscribed to the list, including Bigfoot.com and at least one other large free mail provider. They rejected e-mail from any IP address listed in ORBS. The court action led (indirectly) to the end of one of the oldest DNSBL services.
Go Large Plan.
Xtra's "Go Large" plan was introduced as New Zealand's first completely unlimited ADSL service in November 2006. There was much public criticism and disappointment at the instability and general slowness of the newly introduced plan. The plan was advertised with unlimited data usage and maximum speed. However, it was not clearly stated on advertisements that there was a fair use policy and traffic management that restricted users to a download limit between 4pm and 12am. If one were to continually exceed this limit, they would be placed in a "download pool", or contacted with offers to switch to another plan. This triggered a lot of media attention and an investigation was launched. By 22 February 2007, Telecom decided to refund all of its Go Large customers (approximately 60,000) with amounts of at least $130 per customer. This had been caused in part by the overwhelming complaints and criticisms Telecom Xtra had received due to under-delivering on the promises of the Go Large plan. It is speculated that the refund may have cost Telecom Xtra between NZ$7.5 and 8.5 million.
The plan was eventually grandfathered, and in mid-2009 was succeeded by the Big Time plan, where Xtra openly informed users about traffic management. As of 30 October 2009, Telecom cancelled the Go Large broadband plan for all existing customers, offering alternative plan options such as the Big Time plan. On 20 May 2010 Telecom cancelled Big Time, and customers were moved back to capped plans.
Alliances.
Web portals.
Xtra's original web portal opened in 1996 and offered two different experiences - XWorld and Text World. Later, XVille was also introduced. You could choose which version of Xtra you visited using a front screen called Xtra Theme Park. XWorld was a virtual world where you could click on virtual buildings to perform functions (such as searching via Yahoo!). Text World was a simpler interface using just text for slower modems.
This all changed in 1999 when a single, more streamlined interface was created and the current Xtra logo was first unveiled.
XtraMSN was one of Xtra's trading names and was used as the branding for its default home page for customers. The name came from a deal between Xtra and MSN, a merger of Xtra's homepage xtra.co.nz with Microsoft New Zealand's msn.co.nz. Several other MSN services were cobranded with Xtra in the XtraMSN brand (e.g. Hotmail). Several versions of capitalising XtraMSN were used by Telecom and Microsoft New Zealand in their promotional literature.
In 2007 Xtra changed to Yahoo! in Microsoft's place. Their main portal was then Yahoo!Xtra.
Yahoo!Xtra Bubble problems.
During the change from MSN to Yahoo, Telecom experienced much backlash over a change in email set up. Part of the agreement between Yahoo and Xtra provided that Xtra's email addresses be moved over to Yahoo servers in Australia. To access their Yahoo!Xtra Bubble email accounts, customers had to change advanced settings such as port numbers and authentication, in addition to basic settings such as mail server.
The move to Yahoo!Xtra Bubble caused trouble for many small business owners and website hosting companies in New Zealand. Yahoo's aggressive antispam policies caused business owners to lose bookings and caused major delays for some customers in receiving emails. "The Dominion Post" brought the problem to the fore on 26 November 2007 and showed that responsibility for the trouble was shunned by Xtra.Xtra pushed the blame back to the hosting companies: "Telecom spokesman Nick Brown denies there are technical problems with the service, and blames web-hosting companies for forwarding mail without filtering it first for spam."The problem with their denial was that Xtra/Yahoo's email system forwarded spam in the same manner.
Reports of Xtra's email troubles appeared on blogs, forums and newsletters as people realised that emails were not arriving. New Zealand Tourism Online's October 2007 newsletter reported that they "found several clients who have not been getting accommodation enquiry or booking emails due to the filter system."
One of Xtra's solutions to the problem was telling their users to add the sender of the email to their contacts list. This caused the email be redirected to the inbox, however the immediate deferral of email by Yahoo's email servers could cause delays of many hours. This was a problem that Xtra inherited by joining with Yahoo.
Yahoo denied that they use greylisting practices however "unusual traffic" or "complaints from Yahoo! Mail users" may trigger greylisting against your email server causing a four-hour delay.
Yahoo!Xtra email problems.
Xtra customers were hit with multiple email spam problems from February 2013 (80,000 affected) to mid April 2013. The symptoms were suspicious spam and phishing types of email. Telecom advised customers to delete any suspicious emails and to change their account password.

</doc>
<doc id="2874563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874563" title="Mouhoun Province">
Mouhoun Province

Mouhoun is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and is in Boucle du Mouhoun Region. The capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou.
Most people in the province live in rural areas; 260,295 Burkinabé live in the countryside with only 37,793 people residing in urban areas. There are 148,732 men living in Mouhoun Province and 149,356 women.
Mouhoun is divided into 7 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874565" title="Nahouri Province">
Nahouri Province

Nahouri is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and located in the Centre-Sud administrative region, located in its Centre-Sud Region.
Its capital is Pô.
Nahouri is divided into 5 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874566" title="Namentenga Province">
Namentenga Province

Namentenga is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Centre-Nord Region.
Its capital is Boulsa.
Namentenga is divided into 8 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874567" title="Nayala Province">
Nayala Province

Nayala is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and is in Boucle du Mouhoun Region.
Its capital is Toma.
Nayala is divided into 6 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874568" title="Noumbiel Province">
Noumbiel Province

Noumbiel is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Sud-Ouest Region.
Its capital is Batié.
Noumbiel is divided into 4 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874569" title="Oubritenga Province">
Oubritenga Province

Oubritenga is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Plateau-Central Region.
Its capital is Ziniaré.
Oubritenga is divided into 5 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874570" title="Kristian Zahrtmann">
Kristian Zahrtmann

Peder Henrik Kristian Zahrtmann, known as Kristian Zahrtmann, (31 March 1843 - 22 June 1917) was a Danish painter. He was a part of the Danish artistic generation in the late 19th century, along with Peder Severin Krøyer and Theodor Esbern Philipsen, who broke away from both the strictures of traditional Academicism and the heritage of the Golden Age of Danish Painting, in favor of naturalism and realism.
He was known especially for his history paintings, and especially those depicting strong, tragic, legendary women in Danish history. He also produced works of many other genres including landscapes, street scenes, folk scenes and portraits.
He had a far-reaching effect on the development of Danish art through his effective support of individual style among his students during the many years he taught, and by his pioneering use of color.
Youth and artistic training.
He was born in Rønne, Denmark on the island of Bornholm to chief doctor for the island Carl Vilhelm Zahrtmann and wife Laura Pauline. He was the oldest child among seven boys and two girls. After graduating from Rønne Realskole at seventeen years of age, he was sent to Sorø Academy, where he studied painting with landscape painter Johannes Georg Smith Harder (also known as Hans Harder). He was often a guest at the home of the Academy’s Director, poet Bernhard Severin Ingemann and his wife, where he had the chance to socialize with teachers of the school and other guests, such as Hans Christian Andersen. He graduated in 1862, and received his cand. phil in 1863. During these years he lived with a family whose daughter was a painter, which inspired him also to try his luck as an artist.
After graduating he came to Copenhagen, where during the winter 1863-1864 he studied drawing at the Technical Institute under Christian Hetsch and architect Ferdinand Vilhelm. Jensen. He also received private instruction from genre painter Wenzel Ulrich Tornøe during this same time. He then began his studies in October 1864 at the Royal Danish Academy of Art () where he studied under Johan Adolph Kittendorff, Wilhelm Marstrand, Jørgen Roed, Niels Simonsen, and Frederik Vermehren, a fellow graduate of Sorø Academy. Classmates included August Jerndorff, Peder Severin Krøyer and Rasmus Frederik Hendriksen.
Artistic career begins.
He graduated from the Academy in 1868, and exhibited for the first time at Charlottenborg the following year with ""En Konfirmandinde paa Bornholm"" ("A Young Girl Being Confirmed on Bornholm"). He exhibited regularly at Charlottenborg 1869-1891, and sporadically afterwards.
He became friends with painter Otto Carl Bentzon Haslund and Pietro Købke Krohn, later Museum Director, with whom he shared a studio.
Leonora Christina and other historical subjects.
He had already become interested in the story of the heroic 17th century daughter of a Danish king, Leonora Christina Ulfeldt (also known as "Eleanor Christine"), before the 1869 posthumous publication of her 1674 autobiographical narrative "Jammers Minde" ("Remembrance of Misery"), which he had received as a birthday gift from Haslund and Krohn.
Countess Leonora Christina of Schleswig-Holstein, King Christian IV's daughter by his morganatic love marriage to a noble Danish maiden, had fallen from grace because of her husband Corfits Ulfeldt's high treason. She was then imprisoned for 22 years in the Blue Tower ("Blåtårn") in Copenhagen Castle, and spent her final years in the solitude of Maribo cloister.
Zahrtmann commemorated her story in a series of 18 large paintings over many years. The first of these paintings was made public in 1871, "Slotsfogden skjæmter med Kvinderne i den nylig fængslede Kongedatters Kammer paa Blaataarn" ("Castle Keeper Banters with Women in the Chamber of the King's Daughter in the Blue Tower"). The painting won him a Neuhausen Prize ("Neuhausenske Præmie’"), was sold to Niels Laurits Høyen's influential Art Union ("Kunstforeningen"), and was followed by a series of other paintings on the same theme. These paintings established his reputation as one of the leading artists of his time.
Other pictures in the series include: 1873 "Leonora Christina forlader Fængselet" ("Leonora Christina leaves Prison"), 1875 "Leonora Christina i Fængselet" ("Leonora Christina in Prison") in the Hirschsprung Collection; "Corfits Ulfeldt og Leonora Christina" ("Corfitz Ulfeldt and Leonora Christina"); 1882 "Dronning Sophie Amalies Død" ("Queen Sophie Amalie’s Death") and 1883 "Leonora Christina paa Maribo Kloster" ("Leonora Christina at Maribo Cloister") both in the collection of the Danish National Gallery; and three versions (1886, 1888 and 1894) of "Leonora Christina undersøges af Sophie Amalies Tjenerinder" ("Leonora Christina Undressed and Searched by Sophie Amalie’s Maids") in the Hirschsprung Collection.
At the same time he explored other motifs, although Leonora Christina was an obsession that followed him throughout life. In 1872 he made a portrait of Georg Brandes, who summered near Zahrtmann at Christiansholm near Klampenborg north of Copenhagen.
In 1873 he won another Neuhausen Prize for "Sigbrit gennemgår toldregnskaberne med Christian II" ("Sigbrit Reviews Tax Accounts with Christian II"), and exhibited a preparatory painting for "Job og hans Venner" ("Job and His Friends"), which won him the Academy’s gold medallion. The final painting of "Job and His Friends" won him the Academy’s gold medallion in 1887, and is considered one of his masterpieces.
In 1873 he also painted "Scene from the Court of Christian VII 1772" to retell the tragic story of Queen Caroline Matilda on the centenniel of the fall of Johann Friedrich Struensee. The painting is in the Hirschsprung Collection. Characteristically for Zahrtmann he made several other paintings over the years depicting the story of these main characters.
Professor David Loshack was interested in Zahrtmann's works and rather special colours.
Student travels.
He tried to extract a travel stipend from the Academy three times, which should have been due him as winner of the large gold medal, but the funds were not forthcoming until two years later. Zahrtmann spends the summer of 1873 at Hornbæk (Helsingør municipality) in the company of fellow painters Peder Severin Krøyer and Viggo Johansen.
He finally traveled to Italy in December 1875 with financing from his father, before he received a travel grant from the Academy. 1875-1878 he resided in Italy (Rome, Siena, Amalfi and Saracinesco), where he produced a number of paintings. He traveled afterwards many times again to Italy, including in 1882-1884 on an Ancher Fund grant along with artists Joakim Frederik Skovgaard, Theodor Esbern Philipsen, and Viggo Pedersen. He was fascinated by the life there, the strong Italian sun, the brightness of colors, and the exoticness of Catholic Church rites which he depicted in many paintings.
He traveled for the first time to the mountain town of Civita d'Antino in June 1883, a town he came to consider his second home. He spent every summer 1890-1911 in Civita d'Antino, where he lived with the Cerroni family, and gathered friends and students in an annual artist colony. He was named an honorary citizen of the town in 1902.
He also traveled to Greece several times, as well as to France and Portugal.
He exhibited at the World’s Exhibition in Paris 1878, 1889, 1900 and in Chicago 1893.
Beyond painting.
The Artists Studio School was established in the winter 1882-1883 as a protest against the Art Academy’s policies, and as an alternative to its educational program. It was led by Laurits Tuxen and had Peder Severin Krøyer as one of its teachers. Zahrtmann taught at the school 1885-1908. In 1893 he became the leader of its preparatory class which under him turned into an independent department. He had some 200 students from the Scandinavian countries. Because of his prominence as a teacher the school was often simply referred to as "Zahrtmann’s School". Some of his students included Funen artists Peter Hansen, Fritz Syberg, Poul S. Christiansen, Johannes Larsen and Oluf Hartmann; and modern painters Karl Isakson, Edvard Weie, Harald Giersing and Olaf Rude.
He helped establish the "Free Exhibition" (Den frie Udstilling), an alternative exhibition space, which opened in 1891.
Later artistic career.
He made a number of portraits of his parents, including one of his father in 1887 and one of his mother, who played a significant role in his life, in 1899-1901. These, as well as a large format painting of both parents in their living room from 1895–1901, are in the collection of the Bornholm Art Museum.
In 1900 he wintered over in Portofino where he painted the color-drenched landscapes ""Havnen i Portofino, 1900"" ("Harbour in Portofino, 1900") (1900) and ""Min frokostbord i Portofino, 1900"" ("My Lunch Table in Portofino, 1900") (1900).
He won a bronze medallion at the World Exhibition in Paris 1900.
In his later life he painted a series of picture based on men in mythology: "Prometheus" (1905), "Sokrates and Alkibiades" (1907, 1911), and "Adam in Paradise" (1913–14). The large format "Adam in Paradise" is suggestively homoerotic, with its vital, young, muscular Adam coyly leaning back in a lush, color-drenched botanic paradise, while the snake is arched halfway up his leg, its tongue darting, and Adam conceals himself casually with a sprig of fig leaves.
He also painted a number of self-portraits in his later years, including one painted in 1913, which is considered one of his finest works. It is in the collection of the National Historic Museum at Frederiksborg Palace.
He bought land and built a house on Fuglebakken in Frederiksberg, which was designed by Hans Koch and Zahrtmann himself. He called the house "Casa d’Antino", and moved in autumn 1912.
He appeared in a 1913 silent-era documentary film about himself entitled "Kristian Zahrtmann", which was directed by Sophus Wangøe, also known as Sophus Wangöe.
In June 1917 he was hospitalised with appendicitis. After an apparent improvement his condition worsened, and he died on 22 June in Frederiksberg. He was buried in Vestre Cemetery, Copenhagen. A relief with the theme of "Leonora Christina leaves the Prison" decorates his grave. The relief was drawn by architect Thorvald Bindesbøll and painter Joakim Skovgaard, and was carved from Bornholm granite by Larsen Stevns.
In Civita d’Antino a memorial plaque was set into the wall of the Cerroni house near the town gate. A monument with a statue of Zahrtmann was erected on the open plaza in front of his house, and the plaza is named after him.
Zahrtmann never married. He was reportedly a latent homosexual and crossdressed on a number of semi-public occasions.
A portrait of him by Vilhelm Hammershøi (1899) is found in the Hirschsprung Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="2874574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874574" title="Ajman (city)">
Ajman (city)

Ajman ( "") is the capital of the emirate of Ajman in the United Arab Emirates, located along the Persian Gulf.
Population.
The city has a population of 225,000 (2003 census estimate). The urban area runs directly into the city of Sharjah along the coast to the south west, which in turn is adjacent to Dubai, forming a continuous urban area.
Commercial.
Ajman is home to the Ruler's office, companies, commercial markets, and about 50 international and local retail shops. Banking interests include: Ajman Bank, Arab Bank PLC, Bank Saderat Iran, and Commercial Bank of Dubai.
Shipping.
The port of Ajman is located along a natural creek which penetrates the town. Ajman is also home to Arab Heavy Industries, one of the world's largest ship manufacturing firms.

</doc>
<doc id="2874577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874577" title="Sourou Province">
Sourou Province

Sourou is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Boucle du Mouhoun.
Its capital is Tougan.
Sourou is divided into 8 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874580" title="Oudalan Province">
Oudalan Province

Oudalan is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Sahel Region.
Its capital is Gorom-Gorom.
Oudalan is divided into 5 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874583" title="Passoré Province">
Passoré Province

Passoré is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Nord Region.
Its capital is Yako.
Passore is divided into 9 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874584" title="Poni Province">
Poni Province

Poni is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Sud-Ouest Region.
Its capital is Gaoua.
Poni is divided into 9 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874585" title="Sanguié Province">
Sanguié Province

Sanguié is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Centre-Ouest Region.
Its capital is Réo.
Sanguie is divided into 9 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874586" title="Sanmatenga Province">
Sanmatenga Province

Sanmatenga is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Centre-Nord Region.
Its capital is Kaya.
Sanmatenga is divided into 10 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874587" title="Séno Province">
Séno Province

Séno is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Sahel Region.
Its capital is Dori.
Seno is divided into 6 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874588" title="Sissili Province">
Sissili Province

Sissili is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Centre-Ouest Region.
Its capital is Léo.
Sissili is divided into 7 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874589" title="Soum Province">
Soum Province

Soum is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Sahel Region.
Its capital is Djibo.
Soum is divided into 8 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874597" title="Tapoa Province">
Tapoa Province

Tapoa is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Est Region.
Its capital is Diapaga.
Tapoa is divided into 8 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874598" title="Yagha Province">
Yagha Province

Yagha is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Sahel Region.
Its capital is Sebba.

</doc>
<doc id="2874599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874599" title="Zondoma Province">
Zondoma Province

Zondoma is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Nord Region.
Its capital is Gourcy.
Zondoma is divided into 4 departments:

</doc>
<doc id="2874601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874601" title="Zoundwéogo Province">
Zoundwéogo Province

Zoundwéogo is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Centre-Sud Region.
Its capital is Manga.
Zoundweogo is divided into 7 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874610" title="My-Otome">
My-Otome

The series originally premiered on TV Tokyo from October 6, 2005 to March 30, 2006. An OVA sequel to the series, "Mai-Otohime Zwei", has been made and released in Japan, and a prequel, "Mai-Otohime 0~S.ifr~", has been completed. The series was licensed for North American distribution by Bandai Entertainment. Zwei leaves the story open for future sequels, and Sifr for future prequels. At Otakon 2013, Funimation Entertainment had announced that they have rescued all of the Mai-Hime Project anime and will be re-released in 2014. 
A new series was announced in June 2008, however no further information has been released. The initial announcement did not indicate whether this series would take place in the world of Mai-HiME or Mai-Otohime, nor whether is would be a sequel or prequel to either series. Incomplete information indicates that this new series may in fact be Sora Kake Girl, which shares most of Otohime's staff, rather than a new Otohime series.
Story.
Mai-Otohime's story takes place in the distant future on the planet Earl, colonized by immigrants from Earth centuries ago. "Old technology" has survived in the form of nanomachines that allow female virgins to take the role of Meister Otohimes - bodyguards, attendants and warriors that serve the royalty of various kingdoms.
Arika Yumemiya has come to Windbloom Kingdom in search of her mother, whom Arika knows was an Otohime. On her arrival she meets the top Coral Otohime student, Nina Wáng, and Windbloom's heir to the throne, Mashiro Blan de Windbloom. The series follows Arika's progress as a student at Garderobe Academy and the machinations of those desiring the destructive power of the old technology for themselves.
Characters.
In My Otome, Mashiro Blan de Windbloom is the princess (and later Queen) of Windbloom. Her personality is completely opposite to her My-HiME incarnation. Rather than the polite, selfless and reserved attitude of the former, Mashiro Blan de Windbloom is boisterous, selfish, and arrogant. There are doubts on whether she is the true ruler - doubts which prove correct when the true ruler of Windbloom is discovered by Sergay Wáng. Mikoto the cat is her pet. She has a love-hate relationship with Nagi, leaning more towards the 'hate' end of the spectrum. It was never made clear in My-Hime what her true age was but in My-Otome it is explicitly said that she is 14-years-old and later turns 15.
She first met Nina and Arika when she was evading her palace guards by attempting to jump to the next building's roof. When she fell the two rushed to her aid. Believing the guards to be kidnappers, they then helped her escape. Arika, who was raised in the country, was completely clueless as to Mashiro's arrogant attitude toward her, even when she showed them that she was the princess in which Nina apologized for their ignorance.
As time passed, Mashiro pushed the people around her harder and harder. She would repeatedly shirk her responsibilities as queen in order to visit Garderobe and laugh at Arika's clumsy attempts at Otome training. When the date of her birthday drew near, she increased the taxes to raise more money for the rebuilding of her castle and her own birthday celebration. As Sergay Wáng noted, the city was suffering from increasing unemployment. Small glimpses of her past revealed that when Mashiro was young, she was completely spoiled as a child, being given virtually anything she wanted on demand. When she overheard some of the rumors that she was not the true princess, Mashiro's behavior worsened due to her highly increased feelings of insecurity and inadequacy.
During an emergency, she formed a contract with Arika to save their lives. Unfortunately for the two, the search for ways to break the contract yielded no answers. While Mashiro and Arika were initially very opposed to their contract, its life-binding conditions actually created a break in the tension between them, and they slowly began to.
Nina Wáng the top student in the Coral class and also one of Arika's roommates. She hails from Artai, a poorer kingdom than Windbloom with no Otome of its own. She and Nao are intended to fill this void and serve their country after graduating. Her father is Sergay Wáng, Nagi's right-hand man who is also part of the military. Arika found out that Nina was very sensitive to being tickled, which she enjoys exploiting. Nina is serious, determined and hard working because she wants to win the love of her adoptive father Sergay. Nina holds mixed feelings towards Arika. She is jealous of Arika's connections with Sergay and often annoyed with her cluelessness, but she shows friendship towards her on occasion. Nina's friend, Erstin Ho, was also her roommate who was in love with her. 
Arika is the protagonist of the series My-Otome. She is first introduced in the first episode where she travels through the desert to Windbloom to find out more information about her mother, whom she was told was an Otome. After seeing the power of the 3rd Column, Shizuru, she decides to follow her mother and become an Otome. She is sometimes nicknamed Anty (Arinko-chan in Japanese) because her name, Arika, could be "蟻か" in Japanese, which means ant. The way her head turns into an ant's head is a way to show how she feels when someone calls her this nickname (which must have followed her all her life). She is cheerful and optimistic, but lacks the sophistication and "common sense" to deal with the royalty (due to her being a country bumpkin). She quickly gets acquainted with the other Corals and Pearls in Garderobe and becomes good friends with most of them, mainly Nina Wáng and Erstin Ho, her roommates.
A mysterious traveler who watches over Arika. Her uniform is similar to her Searrs "Mithril Dress" from My-HiME except it has long pants instead of shorts. Overtime, she would stay with Mai Tokiha and the Crystal Princess, Mikoto, in the Black Valley.
Related works.
The "My-Otome" manga follows an alternate storyline; in it, Mashiro Blanc de Windbloom is actually a male imposter attending classes at Garderobe as a replacement for the real Mashiro after she was "killed" but later it is revealed that he is Mashiro's twin brother and the true heir. The manga was serialized in "Shōnen Champion".
A spin-off manga titled , set 100 years into the past of the "My-Otome" anime, was serialized in MediaWorks' "Dengeki G's Magazine" between February 2007 and July 30, 2007, containing five chapters. The manga is accompanied by a novel based on the same premise and characters but with a different title, , which is being published by Tokuma Shoten under their "Tokuma Dual Bunko" label. This novel and manga are part of the "My-HiME Big Bang Project", a plan to release a large amount of products related to "My-HiME" and "My-Otome" in Japan in the year 2007. As of now, only six products within this project have been revealed so far.
There is also a spin-off manga called , which takes place immediately after the events of My-Otome.
In addition, there's also a PlayStation 2 Game called , which narrates all the main story outline of "My-Otome", and highlights all the Dance Fights between Otomes.
Theme songs.
Opening themes
Ending themes
Insert songs

</doc>
<doc id="2874616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874616" title="Lombard Street Research">
Lombard Street Research

Lombard Street Research (LSR) is a macroeconomic forecasting consultancy located in London (England). LSR concentrates on providing information to the corporate/financial services segment of the research market. LSR also hosts a series of seminars. The chief economist and chairman is Charles Dumas.
LSR was founded in 1989 by Tim Congdon.
In 2012 the consultancy published a report about a possible return of the Netherlands from the Euro to the Dutch guilder. The report was commissioned by the Dutch party Party for Freedom. The conclusion was that the Netherlands would save money by returning to the Guilder. The Dutch parliament requested a second opinion to the Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis which is a Dutch government organization. The Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis criticized the methodology of the LSR report. More specifically, it criticized among others the attribution by LSR of economic differences between countries to the Euro, while neglecting other causes.

</doc>
<doc id="2874621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874621" title="Tommy Lowne">
Tommy Lowne

Thomas Benjamin Lowne (May 1919 – September 2008 [http://www.kentonline.co.uk/kol08/article/default.asp?article_id=50367&commented=1]) was a member of the Amateur Boxing Association (A.B.A.) and represented England on many occasions.
Biography.
Thomas Benjamin Lowne was born 15 May 1919, St Pancras Hospital, London NW1 to James Richard Peter Lowne and Alice Amy Lowne (née Ellson). He was the 11th of 14 children.
Lowne became a boxer while attending Medburn School, St Pancras, and was also a member of the school football and cricket teams. In March 1930 he received the Medburn Senior Boys School, Champion Under 4 Stone Boxing Championship certificate.
Lowne was called up in June under the Military Training Act 1939 and applied to join the RAF, stating a preference for Air Crew duties. He was called up for active service in March 1940, initially serving in the barrage balloon Corps and subsequently as a tail gunner with 267 Squadron Transportation Ops Mediterranean, North Africa.
Lowne, as a rear gunner, took part in numerous sorties in the Middle East, Cairo, Jerusalem, Palestine, Alexandria, Egypt, Baghdad and Tehran. In May 1943 the squadron was transferred to the North West African coastal Air Force and the general reconnaissance role which later that year helped protect the convoys taking part in the invasion of Sicily and Italy. Lowne remained in Italy for the rest of the war, after which he returned to the United Kingdom where he resumed his boxing career.
In 1945 Lowne received the RAF Wartime Boxing Award and in August 1947 was invited to join the 1948 Olympic Games Training Team by the ABA.
Thomas Lowne married three times, Doris Schuman (daughter Andrea b 1949, son Trevor b 1952), Marion Just (daughter Karina b 1958), Heather Howell (daughter Nicole, son Tristan b 1973).
He is survived by his third wife Heather, and his five children.
Boxing Trophies and Awards.
The Times A.B.C., , Open Novices Competition 1939, Presented By Lewis C.Lyne Esq.
Winner T Lowne 10.2.1939
North West London Divisional Championships, 1.4.47, , Winner
England v Scotland Wembley, 14 January 1948, T. Lowne
London ABA Championships, 1949–50, Fly Weight, WINNER
London v The Army, Royal Albert Hall 30-11-50
NW DIV ABA v Northern Counties ABA, December 1950
NW DIV London ABA Championships, 1953, WINNER
Coronation Representative Match, Hove 1953
Southern Counties ABA, London ABA North – Western Div.
London Amateur Boxing Association, Runner-up Fly Weight Championship Empress Hall 25.3.1953
The winner of F. Park's Trophy, T Lowne, 1953
Other Undated Awards and Trophies.
War Time Prize
Senior Boxing Championships, Fly Weight, WINNER
NW London Division ABA, Fly Weight, , WINNER
Towards the end of his fighting career he was put forward to represent England as part of the 1948 London Olympics Boxing team.

</doc>
<doc id="2874624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874624" title="Kailyard school">
Kailyard school

The Kailyard school of Scottish fiction (1880-1914) was developed in the last decades of the 19th century as a reaction against what was seen as increasingly coarse writing representing Scottish life complete with all its blemishes. It has been considered to be an overly sentimental representation of rural life, cleansed of real problems and issues that affected the people, but proved for a time extremely popular. Its name derives ultimately from the Scots "kailyaird" or "kailyard", which means a small cabbage patch (see kale) or kitchen garden, usually adjacent to a cottage; but more immediately from Ian Maclaren's 1894 book "Beside the Bonnie Brier Bush" whose title alludes to the Jacobite song "There grows a bonnie brier bush in our Kailyard".
Writers of the Kailyard school included J. M. Barrie ("Peter Pan"), Ian Maclaren, J. J. Bell, George MacDonald, Gabriel Setoun and S. R. Crockett.
Barrie's "Auld Licht Idylls" (1888) and "A Window in Thrums" (1889), and Crockett's "The Stickit Minister" (1893) are among the more lasting products of the school.
Opposition.
George Douglas Brown aimed his 1901 novel "The House with the Green Shutters" explicitly against what he called “the sentimental slop” of the Kailyard school.
Much of Hugh MacDiarmid's work, and the Scottish Renaissance associated with him. was a reaction against Kailyardism.
Literary references.
John Ashbery references the school in his book of poems, "April Galleons", his protagonist lamenting mildly that "nobody I know ever talks about the Kailyard School, at least not at the dinner parties I go to".
Further Reading.
G. Blake, "Barrie and the Kailyard School" (1951)

</doc>
<doc id="2874626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874626" title="Interleave sequence">
Interleave sequence

In mathematics, an interleave sequence is obtained by merging or shuffling two sequences. 
Let formula_1 be a set, and let formula_2 and formula_3, formula_4 be two sequences in formula_5 The interleave sequence is defined to be the sequence formula_6 Formally, it is the sequence formula_7 given by 

</doc>
<doc id="2874636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874636" title="Gourma Province">
Gourma Province

Gourma is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso and is in Est Region. The capital of Gourma is Fada N'gourma. The population of Gourma was 304,169 in 2006.
Gourma is divided into 6 departments:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2874643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874643" title="Brea Olinda High School">
Brea Olinda High School

Brea Olinda High School is a 9th–12th grade public high school located in Brea, California. Established in 1927, the school was originally located across the street from the Brea Mall in what has become the Brea Marketplace. In 1989, the school moved to its current location on the northern hills of Brea. The school has a current enrollment of approximately 2, 000 students and is part of the Brea Olinda Unified School District. 
Academics.
Eight honors courses and 15 Advanced Placement courses are offered, including AP English Literature, English Language, French, Spanish, European History, American History, Government, Economics, Statistics, Calculus AB, Calculus BC, Chemistry, Physics, Biology and Environmental Science. Many students take an optional seventh period for electives like ROP photography and police science, drawing, ceramics, woodshop, drama, instrumental music and choir. In the fall of 2005, the school launched the Global IT Academy, an accelerated program in emerging technologies enhanced through global partnerships in education and business.

</doc>
<doc id="2874644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874644" title="Christophe Keckeis">
Christophe Keckeis

Christophe Keckeis (born 18 April 1945 in Neuchâtel) is a Swiss Lieutenant-General. He headed the Swiss Army as "Chief of the General Staff" (2003) and then as "Chief of the Armed Forces" (2004–2007). 

</doc>
<doc id="2874675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874675" title="TSD">
TSD

TSD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874678" title="Seno">
Seno

Seno, Séno or Senó may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874679" title="Type generalization">
Type generalization

Type generalization is a technique commonly used in refactoring. The idea is to draw on the benefits of object-orientation and make more-generalized types, thus enabling more code sharing, leading to better maintainability as there is less code to write. Too-general code can, however, become completely useless, leading to spaghetti code doing effectively nothing.
Type generalization refers to making more general or more abstract some subset of the traits of a specific type. A superclass has wider use than a specific subclass, and so is more 'general'.
An example of generalizing a type would be moving a method from a child to a parent class for common use by all the parent class' children, not just the original child.
Another example, in the Java programming language, would be access to an object via an interface which isn't tied into a specific implementation of that interface. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874688" title="Ramsay Gilderdale">
Ramsay Gilderdale

Ramsay Gilderdale (born 5 August 1962) is an English actor, who played Guy of Gisbourne in BBC comedy "Maid Marian and Her Merry Men". He also appeared in "Rumpole of the Bailey" and "Blackadder's Christmas Carol".
As a screenwriter, he has also worked on "Barbara" and "ChuckleVision".
He was a storyliner on the Cuthbert Lilly sketches for "ZZZap!".
He is also a director of Modicasa, an Italian company specialising in "sales, holiday rentals and property management and services" in and around Modica in southern Sicily.
Ramsay is a graduate of the University of Nottingham. During his time there he was active in the Student Drama Society ("Dramsoc") and appeared in a production of "The Changeling" (Middleton and Rowley).

</doc>
<doc id="2874689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874689" title="Roy Arden">
Roy Arden

Roy Arden (born 1957) is a Vancouver artist.
Arden has had solo exhibitions at the Ikon Gallery, Galerie Tanit and Vancouver Art Gallery. He has also had other exhibitions at the Kunstmuseum Basel, and the Museum of Modern Art, Antwerp (Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst). His work is included in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art – it was featured in their inaugural exhibition after their expansion.
2011.
• Exhibition at Rencontres d'Arles, France

</doc>
<doc id="2874691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874691" title="Anthony Suau">
Anthony Suau

Anthony Suau (born 1956 Peoria, Illinois), is an American award-winning photojournalist.
Life.
He worked for the "Chicago Sun Times," and "Denver Post."
He was a contract photographer for "Time" from 1991 to 2009, and has published several books, including 'Beyond the Fall', a 10-year photography project portraying the transition of the Eastern bloc starting from the fall of the Berlin wall, and "Fear This", about the war of images and slogans being played out at home while America is at war in Iraq.
His work has appeared in "National Geographic magazine", Paris Match, Stern, The New York Times Magazine, the London Sunday Times Magazine, LIFE, and many publications throughout the world.
In 2009 he co-founded the non-profit collective"Facing Change: Documenting America", with a group of social minded photographers and writers to document the issues facing the United States during a time of economic uncertainty. 
He is currently based in New York and working on his first full length documentary film, Organic Rising, a look at the rise of the organic industry across the United States. It is to be released in late 2014
Awards.
He won a Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography in 1984 for his photographs of the famine in Ethiopia, the World Press Photo of the Year in 1987, for a photo taken during a demonstration in South Korea, the Robert Capa Gold Medal in 1995 for his photos from Chechnya, and a second World Press Photo of the Year in 2008, for a photograph taken in Cleveland, Ohio depicting an officer securing a home under foreclosure at gun-point. In 2008, he was given the Infinity Award for Photojournalism by the International Center of Photography. In 2010 he was awarded an Emmy for a web-doc based on his images taken during the fall of the Berlin Wall in November 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="2874703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874703" title="Wayne Morris (American actor)">
Wayne Morris (American actor)

Wayne Morris (February 17, 1914 – September 14, 1959), born Bert DeWayne Morris in Los Angeles, was an American film and television actor, as well as a decorated World War II fighter ace. He appeared in many notable films, including "Paths of Glory" (1957), "The Bushwackers" (1952) and the title role of "Kid Galahad" in 1937.
While filming "Flight Angels" (1940), Morris became interested in flying and became a pilot. With war in the wind, he joined the Naval Reserve and became a Navy flier in 1942, leaving his film career behind for the duration of the war. Flying the F6F Hellcat off the aircraft carrier USS "Essex", Morris shot down seven Japanese planes and contributed to the sinking of five ships. He was awarded four Distinguished Flying Crosses and two Air Medals.
Morris was considered by the Navy as physically 'too big' to fly fighters. After being turned down several times as a fighter pilot, he went to his uncle-in-law, Cdr. David McCampbell, imploring him for the chance to fly fighters. Cdr. McCampbell said "Give me a letter." He flew with the VF-15, the famed "McCampbell Heroes." He married Patricia O'Rourke, an Olympic swimmer, and sister to B-movie actress Peggy Stewart.
Following the war, Morris returned to films, but his nearly four-year absence had cost him his burgeoning stardom. He continued to act in movies, but the pictures, for the most part, sank in quality. Losing his boyish looks but not demeanor, Morris spent most of the fifties in low-budget westerns. He made an unusual career move in 1957, making his Broadway debut as a washed-up boxing champ in William Saroyan's "The Cave Dwellers". He also appeared as a weakling Lieutenant Roget, one of the main characters, in Stanley Kubrick's "Paths of Glory" (1957).
Morris suffered a massive heart attack 14 September 1959 while visiting aboard the aircraft carrier USS "Bon Homme Richard" in San Francisco Bay and was pronounced dead after being transported to Oakland Naval Hospital in Oakland, California. He was 45. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2874706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874706" title="Stolz–Cesàro theorem">
Stolz–Cesàro theorem

In mathematics, the Stolz–Cesàro theorem, named after mathematicians Otto Stolz and Ernesto Cesàro, is a criterion for proving the convergence of a sequence.
Let formula_1 and formula_2 be two sequences of real numbers. Assume that formula_2 is strictly monotone and divergent sequence (i.e. strictly increasing and approaches formula_4 or strictly decreasing and approaches formula_5) and the following limit exists: 
Then, the limit
also exists and it is equal to "ℓ". 
The general form of the Stolz–Cesàro theorem is the following (see http://www.imomath.com/index.php?options=686): If formula_8 and formula_9 are two sequences such that formula_2 is monotone and unbounded, then:
The Stolz–Cesàro theorem can be viewed as a generalization of the Cesàro mean, but also as a l'Hôpital's rule for sequences. The ∞/∞ case is stated and proved on pages 173—175 of Stolz's 1885 book S and also on page 54 of Cesàro's 1888 article C. It appears as Problem 70 in Pólya and Szegö.

</doc>
<doc id="2874711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874711" title="Severin of Cologne">
Severin of Cologne

Saint Severin of Cologne (in Latin, Severinus) was the third known Bishop of Cologne, living in the later 4th century. Little is known of him. He is said in 376 to have founded a monastery in the then Colonia Agrippina in honour of the martyrs Saints Cornelius and Cyprian, from which developed the later Basilica of St. Severin. Severin is notable as a prominent opponent of Arianism.
Veneration.
His bones are today preserved in a gold shrine in the choir of St Severin's Church in Cologne. That seen today is a reconstruction of 1819, as the mediaeval shrine was melted down for the gold in the period of French rule, ca. 1795–98. Its opening in 1999 corroborated the documented transfer of the bones of bishop Wigfried of Cologne (924–953), as it was possible to date the old inner wooden shrine by the latest dendrochronological techniques to the year 948. An ancient cloth, probably Byzantine, was also discovered, with which the wooden box was lined. The saint's feast day is 23 October.

</doc>
<doc id="2874712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874712" title="Mark Ward (footballer, born 1962)">
Mark Ward (footballer, born 1962)

Mark William Ward (born 10 October 1962) is a former footballer from Liverpool. He started his career as a youth player with Everton F.C. and then spent two seasons playing for Oldham Athletic.
In 1985 he signed for West Ham United and was ever-present on the right wing in his first season, as they finished third in Division 1. However, in subsequent seasons, star strikers Frank McAvennie and Tony Cottee left and West Ham were relegated at the end of 1988–89.
In December 1989 Ward signed for newly promoted Manchester City, who had just appointed Howard Kendall as manager after falling into the relegation zone. Ian Bishop and Trevor Morley signed for West Ham in exchange. Bizarrely, Ward's first six games for City included four against Millwall. City beat them in the league on 30 December 1989 but drew twice with them in the FA Cup before losing the second replay on 15 January 1990. City rose to finish 14th, with Ward scoring his first three goals for City in consecutive games in April.
Playing mainly on the left wing, Ward only missed two games in 1990–91, scoring 13 league and cup goals as City finished fifth. He scored both goals when City beat Sheffield United in the league on 19 January 1991, and then repeated the feat three days later to knock Sheffield United out of the Full Members Cup.
In the summer of 1991 he signed for Everton, rejoining Kendall who had moved in November 1990. Ward stayed for three seasons before moving down the divisions to play for Birmingham City, Huddersfield Town, Ayr United, Wigan Athletic, Dundee, Valur, Altrincham, and Leigh RMI.
Imprisonment.
After the end of his football career he became involved in the supply of cocaine in Liverpool. He was arrested after of cocaine were found during a raid at a house in Prescot, Merseyside, in May 2005. In October 2005 he was jailed for eight years. He was released from Kirkham Prison in May 2009 having served four years, in Kirkham and in Walton Prison.

</doc>
<doc id="2874717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874717" title="Mike Edmonds">
Mike Edmonds

Mike Edmonds (born 1944) is an English actor with dwarfism, known for his role as Little Ron in the children's television show "Maid Marian and Her Merry Men".
Edmonds can also be seen dancing in the Men Without Hats music video "The Safety Dance" as a dwarf jester, his shirt reads "rhythm of youth".
Edmonds has also appeared in several films, including "Flash Gordon", "The Dark Crystal", and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". Edmonds played the role of Og in the Terry Gilliam film "Time Bandits". In "Return of the Jedi," he performed as the Ewok Logray as well as the operator for Jabba the Hutt's tail.

</doc>
<doc id="2874718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874718" title="Licensed conveyancer">
Licensed conveyancer

A Licensed Conveyancer is a specialist legal professional in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia or South Africa who has been trained to deal with all aspects of property law.
Typically, their tasks might include:
Their role is very similar to that of a solicitor dealing with a property transaction.
However, rather than being qualified as a solicitor, they will have completed all of the examinations and practical training provided by the Council for Licensed Conveyancers and in addition to this, they will be at least 21 years of age and be considered by the CLC to be a fit and proper person to hold a licence.
They may be employed by firms of solicitors or other institutions such as banks and property developers. Alternatively, after holding three consecutive annual (limited) licences and being employed for at least three years, they may apply for a full licence and practise on their own or in a partnership.
A Licensed Conveyancer holding a limited licence is required to complete eight hours of professional training each year (CPD - Continuing Professional Development training). Licensed Conveyancers with a full licence must complete 12 hours of professional training each year. A large part of this training must relate to property law and practice.
Like solicitors and barristers, Licensed Conveyancers are also Commissioners for Oaths. A Commissioner for Oaths is a person appointed by the Lord Chancellor with power to administer oaths or take affidavits.
They are regulated by the Council for Licensed Conveyancers, a body established by the Administration of Justice Act 1985 to maintain consistent standards of professionalism and conduct among persons who practice as Licensed Conveyancers. Licensed Conveyancers are also answerable to the Authorised Conveyancing Practitioners Board. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874721" title="USD (disambiguation)">
USD (disambiguation)

USD commonly refers to the United States dollar, the official currency of the United States. This may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874726" title="William Smith (South Carolina senator)">
William Smith (South Carolina senator)

William Smith (1762June 26, 1840) was chosen as a Democratic-Republican to the U.S. Senate representing South Carolina in 1816. The legislature declined to re-elect him when his term expired in 1823. He was narrowly chosen Senator in 1826 and was again replaced in 1831.
Smith was one of the first Southerners to argue, at the time of the Missouri Compromise in 1820, that slavery was a positive good; nevertheless, he opposed John C. Calhoun's doctrine and tactic of nullification. In 1828, seven electors from Georgia chose him for Vice President, instead of Calhoun, the Democratic nominee. He was also a splinter candidate for Vice President in 1836: Virginia refused to accept Richard Mentor Johnson as the Democratic Vice Presidential candidate, and voted for the ticket of Martin Van Buren and William Smith, putting Johnson two electoral votes short of a majority; the Senate chose Johnson.
In 1832, he moved to Louisiana, having lost his political base in South Carolina; in 1836, he moved on to Huntsville, Alabama, and was elected to the Alabama Legislature; he held that seat for the rest of his life.
On March 3, 1837, outgoing President Andrew Jackson nominated Smith to the Supreme Court. The Senate confirmed Smith's nomination by a vote of 23–18; nevertheless, Smith declined to serve.

</doc>
<doc id="2874729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874729" title="Akenham">
Akenham

Akenham is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in Eastern England. Located on the northwestern edge of Ipswich, in 2005 it had an estimated population of 60.
Romano-British pottery has been unearthed in fields across the parish. A Middle Saxon gilded bronze pendent or brooch has also been found. A silver penny of the Saxon king Aethelred II was also found nearby.
It was known as Acheham in the Domesday Book. Its place name is possibly derived from Old English - 'homestead of a man called Aca'. The abandoned St. Mary's church suffered bomb damage during World War II and is maintained by the organisation Friends of Friendless Churches. This little lost church was the scene of one of the great ecclesiastical scandals of the 19th century, a scandal that occupied the national press for a year or more; a scandal that reached the highest courts in the land, and ultimately led to a change in the law, in the form of the Burial Laws Amendment Act 1880. See here for more detail of the Akenham Burial Case.
Rise Hall near the church is a late Georgian building on the site of an ancient manor house, formerly the residence of the Le Ruse or Rous family in the 13th century. To the south of Rise Hall here is a small moated site with a central island 14.0m across and 0.3m high. The ditch is water-filled on the W side and parts of the N and S sides, the remainder is merely marshy. There are traces of a causeway in the middle of the E side. On the lower W side there are small fragments of a probable retaining wall for the moat. Site lies just S of Rise Hall and it is likely that this moat accommodated a timber-framed dovecote. This could be a precursor site for Rise Hall. How unusual is it for a dovecot to moated? A moat might protect the dovecot from poachers but would be expensive to build and maintain. On the other hand reusing an existing moat would make sense. The mound is small and there is no attached bailey, Rise Hall being about 50m to the north, in an oval enclosure partly defined by ponds. Mottes slightly separate from baileys do occasionally occur but make no sense as defensive features. Was this moated mound a fundamentally symbolic feature?
A pair of 6th century cruciform brooches were found ante 1911 at Akenham Hall which possibly indicates an inhumation site.
There are a few small businesses operating out of former agricultural buildings including Stealth Electronics which specialise in security equipment, based at Akenham Hall Farm. Chives Montessori School is located in the parish. The school was established 14 years ago and is very much a community school serving local needs.
The parish is bordered by the parish of Whitton-cum-Thurleston to the south, Claydon to the west, Henley to the north and Westerfield to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="2874751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874751" title="Zia people">
Zia people

The Zia are an indigenous tribe centered at Zia Pueblo, an Indian reservation in New Mexico, U.S. The Zia are known for their pottery and use of the Sun symbol. The people are a branch of the large Pueblo community.
History.
Archaeologists believe that the Keresan-speaking residents of Zia are descendants of the Ancestral Puebloan people of the Four Corners region who migrated to the Jemez River Valley sometime in the thirteenth century. Spanish explorer, Antonio de Espejo first encountered the Zia in 1583 when he noted that the biggest pueblos was the one the natives called, Tsiya, which the Spanish later altered to Zia. 
Spanish settlers and their religious orders slowly took control of the region and outlawed traditional Zia religious ceremonies. The first missionary was assigned to the Zia in 1598 by Don Juan De Oñate, and by 1613 a church and convent had been built by tribal members. Tensions between the Spanish and Zia continued to build until 1680 when a regional uprising led by Popé, a Tewa religious leader, overthrew the Spanish regime. The uprising was successful and the Spanish were forced to flee south. The Pueblo Indians acquired horses from the Spanish, thus allowing the further spread of horses to the Plains tribes. 
It was another nine years before the Spanish returned, laying siege to Zia Pueblo in 1689. Soldiers led by Governor Domingo Jironza Petriz de Cruzate sacked the pueblo, killing 600 people and taking 70 Zia Indians captive. Three years later the Spanish had crushed any Pueblo resistance and convinced the Zia people and their leader, Antonio Malacate, to return to their homes, but fighting and disease had taken their toll with only about 120 people left living in Zia in 1892.
Living and culture.
Farming Techniques.
Because of the arid climate of the land where they live, the Zia had to adapt to the way of life in a way best suited for the desert. Since they were home dwellers, as opposed to being nomadic, farming was essential to their supply of food. One of the biggest challenges they faced with farming was where to get their water supply from.
In New Mexico rain was scarce during certain parts of the year so new techniques of farming were developed.(like dry farming and crop rotation) The Zia would plant their seeds in a fertile piece of land close to a river or stream. Then they would dig paths to the fields from the stream and thus the water flowed from the stream to water the crops. By placing and removing rocks in the paths, they could control when water flowed to the crops and when not.
In the more elevated regions, the men planted seeds in a patch on a runny slope. When it rained, rainwater running down the slope would water the crops as well. Other times, huge trenches, like cisterns, were dug to collect the rain. Part of the woman's job was to go to these trenches with clay pottery, collect water, and use them to water the fields.
Crops.
Zia farming produced a wide array of crops. But the most important of these were corn, beans, and squash which were nicknamed the "three sisters". These crops were planted in shared or "common ground" which everyone contributed. They were the staple of Zia and Pueblo diets. Corn was the most important of all. While some was eaten fresh, most was stored away in pots and cellars for the winter and droughts. When some of the corn dried, it was turned into flour and bread by the women. They would sit outside at grinding stones, singing religious songs while rubbing stones against the corn producing flour. They sang because they considered the corn to be sacred.
Once the flour was done, it was mixed with water to make dough. The dough was widened to round flat sheets and placed on hot rocks over a fire. When done baking, a tortilla was produced;it was the most important and basic staple available to them.
Other minor crops were grown in "personal, individual gardens" such as peppers, onions, chilies, and tobacco. New Mexico is well known for its spicy chilies that originated among tribes like this.
Meat Sources.
While the Zia were primarily vegetarians, they often ate meat when it was available. Small hunting parties of men and teenage boys would be sent to hunt for small game such as rabbit, gopher, and squirrel. They also hunted large game such as deer, antelope, and mountain lions. When the spring season came, special groups would go close to the Great Plains to hunt for bison.
Housing.
The Natives of the U.S. Southwest, including the Zia, were known for their "pueblo homes" made of adobe. These were built like an apartment complex with a huge box base, smaller box on top, and an even smaller one on top of that. That way, it had different floors for storing different items and for families. No doors were located on the bottom floor (until recently) so the only way to access the building was by ladders made from logs. One ladder would take you to the patio (second floor) and another led through an opening through a roof and onto the first floor. Other ladders led to higher floors. At night, ladders would be taken inside for protection so no outsider could come in without permission.
These houses are made from the natural resources of the nearby desert. Adobe, the building-block, is made by mixing clay, sand, water and organic materials such as sticks, straw, and dung. These are mixed into blocks and left to dry. Meanwhile. a hole is dug where the new building is intended to be and supporting poles are planted firmly in the ground to make a frame. When the blocks of adobe are dry and hard, they are laid around the building and bounded by wet clay (used as cement). Every year, a new coat of adobe mixture/clay is added to the wall to keep them firm.
Religious Customs.
Kachinas.
The Zia, like the other Pueblos, believed in different spirits called "kachinas" These were thought to be ancestral spirits that used to live among their people. The spirits got offended when people didn't pay them attention so they fled to live in the sky. They were said to come occasionally and bring rain and clouds. 
Over 300 kachinas were present in the worship and the Zia held religious festivals and ceremonies in which they asked the Kachinas to bring rain and make their crops grow. They used drums and rattles in the dances during the ceremonies. Religious men dressed as the kachinas would come down from the mountains and dance among the people during the festival. After three days, they would go back up.
Zia Art.
Pottery.
Because of the abundance of clay and sand in the southwest, pottery was a specialized art among this tribe. Pottery of Zia Pueblo consists of geometric designs with plant and animal motifs with a white background. When the time for making pottery comes, clay and sand are mixed with water and long ropes of the mixture are produced. The next task involves winding the ropes into the shape of a pot.
Once they dry out, the pots are then painted with nature and religious art. They would then sit around for about a week after which they would be taken to the kiln. This is a special place for baking the pottery where it is fired in the open air, usually using cow dung for fuel. After baking, most pots are used to store food and collect water.
The Zia Sun Symbol.
The Zia Indians of New Mexico regard the Sun as a sacred symbol. Their symbol, a red circle with groups of rays pointing in four directions, is painted on ceremonial vases, drawn on the ground around campfires, and used to introduce newborns to the Sun. Four is the sacred number of the Zia and can be found repeated in the four points radiating from the circle. The number four is embodied in:
The symbol is featured on the Flag of New Mexico and in the design of both the New Mexico State Capitol and New Mexico's State Quarter entry as well as the state highway marker. But given its history, the Pueblo would like people to first request permission before using it.

</doc>
<doc id="2874753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874753" title="House of Alba">
House of Alba

The House of Alba (es: "Casa de Alba") is a prominent Spanish aristocratic family that derives from the 12th century Mozarab nobility of post-conquest Toledo. Their claim to Alba goes back to 1429, when the first "Álvarez de Toledo" was made Lord of the City of Alba de Tormes. In 1492, it was a member of this family, the second Duke of Alba, who signed the capitulation of the city of Granada.
Don Fernando Álvarez de Toledo y Pimentel, 3rd Duke of Alba, was given the title of governor general of the Spanish Netherlands during the mid 16th century. The third duke's first cousin was Doña Eleonor de Toledo, who married Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany. By her granddaughter Marie de' Medici, Queen of France, she became the ancestress of many crowned heads and heirs apparent of Europe. Her descendants include Juan Carlos I of Spain, Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg, and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge.
In 1802, María Cayetana de Silva, 13th Duchess of Alba, died without issue and her titles were inherited by a relative, Carlos Miguel Fitz-James Stuart, 14th Duke of Alba. Thus, the dukedom of Alba passed to the senior branch of the House of FitzJames, which took over the patrimony of the House of Alba. 
The current head of the House of Alba is Cayetana Fitz-James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba. She holds the Guinness Book of Records title for the largest number of noble titles, with over 40 titles.

</doc>
<doc id="2874758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874758" title="Methandrostenolone">
Methandrostenolone

Methandrostenolone (trade names Averbol, Dianabol, Danabol), also known as metandienone (INN), methandienone, or informally as dianabol, is an orally-effective anabolic steroid originally developed in Germany and released in the US in the early 1960s by Ciba Specialty Chemicals. Methandrostenolone is a controlled substance in the United States and Western Europe and remains popular among bodybuilders. An injectable form is sold online from United States based companies. Methandrostenolone is readily available without a prescription in countries such as Mexico (under the trade name Reforvit-b), and is also being manufactured in Asia and many East European countries.
Biophysiology.
Methandrostenolone binds tightly to the androgen receptor in order to exert its effects. These include dramatic increases in protein synthesis, glycogenolysis, and muscle strength over a short space of time. Side effects such as gynecomastia, high blood pressure, acne and male pattern baldness may begin to occur. The drug causes severe masculinising effects in women even at low doses. In addition, it is metabolized into methylestradiol by aromatase. This means that without the administration of aromatase inhibitors such as anastrozole or aminoglutethimide, estrogenic effects will appear over time in men. Many users will combat the estrogenic side effects with Arimidex, Nolvadex or Clomid. In addition, as with other 17α-alkylated steroids, the use of methandrostenolone over extended periods of time can result in liver damage without appropriate care.
The 17α-methylation of the steroid does allow it to pass through the liver with only a small portion of it broken down (hence causing the aforementioned damage to the liver) allowing it to be effective when taken orally. It also has the effect of decreasing the steroid's affinity for sex hormone binding globulin, a protein that de-activates steroid molecules and prevents them from further reactions with the body. As a result, methandrostenolone is significantly more active than an equivalent quantity of testosterone, resulting in rapid growth of muscle tissue. However, the concomitant elevation in estrogen levels - a result of the aromatization of methandrostenolone - results in significant water retention. This gives the appearance of bad gains in mass and strength, which prove to be temporary once the steroid is discontinued and water weight drops. Because of this, it is often used by bodybuilders only at the start of a "steroid cycle", to facilitate rapid strength increases and the appearance of great size, while compounds such as testosterone cypionate or testosterone enanthate with long acting esters build up in the body to an appreciable amount capable of supporting anabolic function on their own.
Usage.
As a tonic.
In the early 1960s, doctors commonly prescribed 3 tablets per day for women as a tonic. This use was quickly discontinued upon discovery of the heavily masculinising effects of methandrostenolone.
Bodybuilding.
Despite the lack of any known therapeutic applications, the drug remained legal until the early 2001 . The United States Congress added certain kinds of steroids which may or may not include methandrostenolone to the Controlled Substances Act as an amendment known as the Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 1990 . This act placed steroids in the same category as some amphetamines as a "Schedule III" drug and possession of these drugs results in a felony. It is used by bodybuilders and methandrostenolone continues to be used illegally to this day, typically being combined (stacked) with injectable compounds, such as testosterone propionate, enanthate, cypionate as well as other injectable drugs like trenbolone acetate.
Several successful athletes and professional bodybuilders have come forward and admitted long-term methandrostenolone use before the drug was banned, including Arnold Schwarzenegger. Other steroids stacked with methandrostenolone are primarily, if not always, injectable compounds such as testosterone, trenbolone and nandrolone.
Large doses and long-term use of methandienone have been associated with eccentric left-ventricular hypertrophy which presents substantially increased risks of cardiomyopathy if and when the hypertrophy atrophies. Athleticism is typically associated with left-ventricular hypertrophy however natural athleticism generally presents concentric left-ventricular growth which is not linked to an increased risk of cardiomyopathy.
Detection of use.
Methandrostenolone is subject to extensive hepatic biotransformation by a variety of enzymatic pathways. The primary urinary metabolites are detectable for up to 3 days, and a recently discovered hydroxymethyl metabolite is found in urine for up to 19 days after a single 5 mg oral dose. Several of the metabolites are unique to methandrostenolone. Methods for detection in urine specimens usually involve gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
History.
For a period of time John Bosley Ziegler worked at the Ciba Pharmaceutical company, who supplied testosterone for experimental purposes. In the early 1950s his patients included people suffering from burns, as well as the seriously injured or handicapped. In 1954 he administered testosterone, for a period of less than 6 weeks, to several high-level competitive bodybuilders on an experimental basis, but had disappointing results. Dissatisfied and possibly overburdened with patients, he distanced himself from research into performance-enhancing drugs until May 1960, or possibly as early as 1959 (conflicting testimonials).
By the time of the 1960 European Championships in Milan he was understandably suspicious of the Russians - "the Russians are giving their athletes something." Therefore, he asked John Grimek to propose to his chief, Bob Hoffman that steroids be administered to members of the American Olympic team. Mr. Hoffman, however, was cautious and later remarked it was "too close to give to the men who will represent the USA". According to Grimek, "Apparently, he doesn’t think it will do that much good, and may even have detrimental effects , . . .He appears doubtful." Instead, Dianabol was given to two lower level lifters to investigate its effectiveness and safety. After that, Hoffmann retracted his decision and Dianabol was administered to certain Weightlifters on the team.

</doc>
<doc id="2874764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874764" title="Akosombo">
Akosombo

Akosombo is a small town in the south of Ghana, Eastern Region in the Asuogyaman District, a district in the east of Eastern Region of Ghana. Akosombo is close to the Adome Bridge at Atimpoku.
Akosombo Dam.
The Ghana town of Akosombo is the site of the Akosombo Dam. Close to Akosombo is the Asuogyaman district capital Atimpoku.
Akosombo Railway Station.
An Akosombo Railway Station (Akosombo Rail transport) is prepared for construction.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="2874766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874766" title="City of Joondalup">
City of Joondalup

The City of Joondalup is a local government area with City status in Perth, Western Australia. It covers the metropolitan Perth city of Joondalup in its entirety, as well as the town centres of Hillarys and Warwick.
The City covers an area of from Kinross in the north, to Warwick in the south, with a population of about 150,000 at the 2006 census. At the 2001 census, 18% of the population were born in the United Kingdom, while the area was also home to significant Italian, Polish, Chinese and Malaysian minorities.
Geography.
The City is bounded by Beach Road to the south, Wanneroo Road and Lake Joondalup to the east, Tamala Park to the north and the Indian Ocean to the west.
History.
Prior to the 1970s, the region now known as the City of Joondalup was sparsely populated. During the 1980s and 1990s, massive growth occurred, partly due to State Government policies which made Joondalup a regional centre, including the extension of the Mitchell Freeway and the construction of the Joondalup railway line.
Until 1998, the area had been controlled by the City of Wanneroo and its predecessors. An independent commission suggested the creation of Joondalup out of the coastal areas of Wanneroo, and the City of Joondalup came into existence on 1 July 1998.
2003-2004 Council controversy.
Joondalup City's elected Council (including the Mayor) was suspended by Tom Stephens, the Minister for Local Government, on 5 December 2003 after receiving complaints indicating that the Council had become dysfunctional. The Council was replaced by five Commissioners; Chairman John Paterson (former Mayor of Nedlands), Peter Clough, Michael Anderson, Anne Fox and Steve Smith. The Council's power was temporarily transferred to the Commissioners, for a period envisioned to last until the Local Government elections in May 2005 (as it turned out, the next elections were in fact held in May 2006, under Section 4.14 of the Local Government Act 1995 [http://www.waec.wa.gov.au/local/wards.asp?agencyid=48&electdate=6-May-2006&electionid=230]).
A subsequent inquiry, referred to as the McIntyre Inquiry after its Chairman Greg McIntyre, revealed in October 2005 that the Council had effectively split into two opposing groups over a controversy surrounding the qualifications of the city's Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO in question, Denis Smith, was accused of misrepresenting his educational qualifications by Deputy Mayor Don Carlos. Don Carlos demanded Denis Smith's immediate dismissal, but his motion was unsuccessful. The councillors opposed to Denis Smith's dismissal expressed the view that the CEO should not be dismissed as his performance was satisfactory. Instead, the council passed a motion forbidding Don Carlos from publicly criticising Denis Smith.
Don Carlos subsequently became Mayor of Joondalup at the next election.
Wards and suburbs.
The suburbs of the City of Joondalup are grouped into six wards, each represented by two councillors:

</doc>
<doc id="2874776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874776" title="Warichu">
Warichu

Warichū (割注 or 割註, sometimes 割り注, literally “split annotation”) is the Japanese word for the traditional East Asian typographic device of typesetting in small double lines editorial comments, notes, parenthetical comments, and other annotations that may or may not belong to the text proper. (In fact parenthetical text can be found set using a small font in the main body of the text in Western typography as well.) It is used for the same kind of text which in English would be placed between parentheses, brackets, or footnotes. The word “warichū” itself is used in some computer programs that deal with "CJK" typesetting, and in discussions about CJK typography.
Visual appearance.
The "warichū" is typeset by setting the annotation using small type that is about half size, cutting it into two equal parts, stacking them on top of each other, and then putting the resulting stacked lines into the space of a normal line of text.
Because Han characters are typically typeset with equal width and height, the two halves of a warichū annotation should contain exactly the same number of characters if the annotation itself contains an even number of characters. If the annotation contains an odd number of characters, the first half should have exactly one character more than the second half.
If the annotation is too long, line wrapping may occur. In that case, the warichū itself will behave like two or more tiny pages, wrapping the annotation inside several parts of the line-wrapped warichū.
Modern use.
In Japanese typography, warichū is still sometimes used, in dictionaries for example. However, it has fallen into disuse in Chinese typography to such an extent that Chinese people will most likely either find it archaic, or will not know what it is when they see it. 
Warichū tend to be used only in vertical writing.
Warichū in computing.
Some of the typesetting programs and word processors support typesetting warichū if support for “Asian” typography is turned on. In Adobe Illustrator, it is called “warichu”; some other programs (for example, OpenOffice.org) avoid the word by calling it “writing in double lines”, describing the visual appearance of warichū.
Some programs claim to support warichū but fail to do it correctly. For example, some programs cannot split the annotation into "equal" halves.
Adobe Illustrator allows one to create warichū which consists of more than two lines, though warichū is traditionally always split into only two lines.
Warichu is also a social annotation tool for Internet Explorer and Firefox/Mozilla derivative browsers.

</doc>
<doc id="2874779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874779" title="Studio !K7">
Studio !K7

Studio !K7 is an independent record label based in Berlin, Germany that focuses mostly on electronic music. The name is an abbreviation of the company's original Berlin address, Kaiserdamm 7 (they have since relocated to Heidestr. 52). !K7 has since opened branch offices in New York City, Hamburg, London, and Tokyo.
It has four independent imprints as part of the K7 label group. !K7, Gold Dust, Strut and Rapster.
K7 has a licensing deal with the New York based indie label Frenchkiss Records, distributes the labels AGOGO, BBE, Crosstown Rebels, District 6, Environ, Get Physical, Ghostly International, Lo Recordings, Moshi Moshi Records, Piranha, R2, R&S, Rushhour, Skint, Salt Records, Sonar Kollektiv and Muthas Of Invention and has a music publishing company.
History.
Studio !K7 has produced electronic music artists, especially for the DJ-Kicks compilations. It began in 1985 with the idea of releasing digital video clips. In 1991 first of the 3LUX series (three volumes) was released, followed by the X-Mix series (from 1993 to 1998).
In 1995, the DJ-Kicks series was released. At that time it was unconventional to play complete albums with DJ cuts on home stereos. Artists such as Kruder & Dorfmeister, Nightmares On Wax, Thievery Corporation and Stereo MC's Chromeo, Booka Shade contributed to its release.
In 1996, !K7 started launching artist albums. As of 2014 the !K7-discography features albums from artists such as Kruder & Dorfmeister, Matthew Herbert, Dani Siciliano, Ursula Rucker, Swayzak, and Boozoo Bajou.
In 2001, Rapster Records, a new label under the !K7, started focussing on urban, soul and HipHop music. Since then, Rapster has been releasing records by DJ Jazzy Jeff, Pete Rock and Roy Ayers, amongst others. Rapster also forged an alliance with UK based soul aficionado Peter Adarkwah whose label BBE has been dealing in diverse, eclectic sounds.
With its newly founded subsidiary Ever Records in 2006, !K7 became a platform for Indie bands and singer/songwriters such as Cortney Tidwell, Cyann & Ben, and Howie Beck.
In 2008 Strut & Gold Dust Media joined the !K7 label group. Between 1999 and 2003 Strut released Nigerian Afrobeats, Leftfield Discos , Rare Groove and Grandmaster Flash’s latest album . Strut’s founder, Quinton Scott, is responsible for A&R. 
In 2013 !K7 started a cooperation with the Artist Tricky for the releases on his label including his 2013 album False Idols.

</doc>
<doc id="2874790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874790" title="Brown Mountain (North Carolina)">
Brown Mountain (North Carolina)

Brown Mountain is a low-lying ridge, approximately 1.5 miles long, in the Pisgah National Forest near Morganton, North Carolina, on the border of Burke and Caldwell Counties.
For perhaps hundreds of years, and since at least the early 1900s, mysterious illuminations known as the Brown Mountain Lights have been seen there.
The lights are small balls that appear irregularly over Brown Mountain. There are literally hundreds of eyewitness accounts of the lights, and they have merited two investigations by the United States Geological Society. It is known that they have been seen by residents of the surrounding area since at least the 19th century, but the Cherokee Indians of the area may have been seeing the lights as early as the 13th century.
When present, the Brown Mountain lights can be seen from as far away as Blowing Rock, North Carolina, and have been reported to rise to a fair height above the ridge, before disappearing in a 'silent explosion' like a Roman candle. The lights are best seen from Wiseman's view or Linville Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="2874796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874796" title="Malcolm Kirk">
Malcolm Kirk

Malcolm (Mal) Kirk (18 December 1936 – 24 August 1987) was an English professional wrestler who went by the ring name King Kong Kirk.
Biography.
Prior to professional wrestling Kirk was a coal miner and professional rugby player. From 1954 he played 38 first team matches at prop forward (number 8) for Featherstone Rovers, scoring one try, 2 matches for Castleford and also for the struggling Doncaster club where he was a team mate of another future professional wrestler, Ted Heath.
Bald and fearsome looking, Kirk was usually cast as the "bad guy" and often tagged with the superheavyweight Giant Haystacks. Kirk's work rose to its prominence in the 1970s and 1980s due to the popularity of televised wrestling in the United Kingdom. In 1979 also featured in an Italian movie, "Io sto con gli ippopotami" with Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.
Death.
In August 1987, Kirk died after a tragic turn of events during the final moments of a tag team match at the Hippodrome circus in Great Yarmouth in Norfolk, when he teamed with King Kendo against British wrestling legend Shirley "Big Daddy" Crabtree and his nephew Greg Valentine (Steve Crabtree). After Big Daddy had delivered his signature Big Splash and scored the winning pinfall, Kirk turned an unhealthy colour and was rushed to the James Paget hospital in Gorleston in Norfolk, but was pronounced dead on arrival. The inquest into Kirk's death found that he had a serious heart condition and cleared Crabtree of any responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="2874820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874820" title="Ivy Lee (actress)">
Ivy Lee (actress)

Ivy Lee (; born 16 July 1973) is a Singaporean actress formerly contracted to MediaCorp.
Career.
Lee joined TCS (predecessor of MediaCorp) after winning the biannual Star Search in 1993.
At the Star Awards 2006, Lee was awarded the "Best Actress" award for her role as a lawyer in the drama serial "Family Matters". Before that, she was also crowned for the "Best Actress" another two times. The first in 2000, and then in 2004. That was a feat only matched by fellow actress Huang Biren (However, Huang still wins if nominations for Asian Television Awards are taken into account).
Later in her career, Lee was known for her partnership with veteran actor Edmund Chen, most notably in "Beyond the Axis of Truth" and "Double Happiness". At the Star Awards 2007 anniversary special celebrating 25 years of Chinese drama in Singapore, they were named one of the Top 5 Favourite On-screen Partners for their roles as husband and wife in "Double Happiness".
Lee left the entertainment industry in November 2009 and moved to Hong Kong with her family.
Personal life.
Lee lives in Hong Kong with her four children and her director husband, who is a Hong Konger. In 2005, Lee gave birth to a pair of twin sons. She also has a daughter (now 13 years old as of 2010) prior to the twin sons. In 2009, she gave birth to yet another baby girl (her 4th child). She had relocated to Hong Kong with her children to be nearer to her husband as he travels frequently to mainland China.

</doc>
<doc id="2874826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874826" title="Hippophae rhamnoides">
Hippophae rhamnoides

Hippophae rhamnoides, common sea-buckthorn, is a species of flowering plant in the family Elaeagnaceae, native to fixed dunes and sea cliffs in Europe and Asia. It is a spiny deciduous shrub.
Description and biology.
"H. rhamnoides" can grow high. The leaves are alternate, narrow and lanceolate, with silvery-green upper faces. It is dioecious, which means that the male and female flowers grow on different shrubs. The male inflorescence is built up of four to six flowers without petals. The female inflorescence consists normally of only one flower without petals and contains one ovary and one ovule. Male plants need to be planted near the female plants to allow fertilisation and fruit production. The oval or lightly roundish fruits grow in compact grapes varying from pale yellow to dark orange and weighing from 0.2 g to 1 g. The plant has a very developed root system that can maintain the soil on high slopes. The roots live in symbiosis with actinomycetes. This relationship permits fixation of nitrogen from the air. They also transform insoluble organic and mineral matters from the soil to more soluble states. The rhizomes sucker rapidly to produce new colonies.
Taxonomy.
The Greek "rhamnoides" means "resembling buckthorn". As the buckthorns are in a different family, and the common name sea-buckthorn can refer to more than one species, it is preferable to refer to this plant by its unique Greek name. 
Range.
"Hippophae rhamnoides" is a native plant throughout Europe, including Britain, from Norway south and east to Spain and Asia to Japan and the Himalayas. It is grown as an agricultural plant in Germany, France, Finland, India and China. China is the largest agricultural producer. The origin of the plant is Nepal and it migrated to other parts of Eurasia after the last Ice Age.
Cultivation.
It is also cultivated as an ornamental plant in gardens and parks. 
Use.
The fruits of sea buckthorn are used in a wide variety of products. Due to difficult harvest conditions and long ramp-up time of 6 to 8 years buckthorn is a relatively expensive raw material. 
Food.
Especially in France (southern Alps) sea buckthorn is commonly sold as fruit juice or as an ingredient in non-alcoholic and alcoholic mixed beverages. Other uses include the berries to be processed as fruit wine or into liquor as well as jam. Buckthorn tea is also made out of the fruits and originates from India.
The fruits have a very high vitamin C content, on average exceeding that of lemons and oranges.
Use in the traditional medicine.
"H. rhamnoides" fruits have been used in the traditional Austrian medicine internally as tea, juice, or syrup for treatment of infections, colds, and flu.
Pharmacological activities.
Various pharmacological activities such as cytoprotective, anti-stress, immunomodulatory, hepatoprotective, radioprotective, anti-atherogenic, anti-tumor, anti-microbial and tissue regeneration have been reported.
Agricultural engineering.
Buckthorn is resistant to wind and frost, tolerates salty soils and has a wide-reaching root system. It is often used to stabilize sandy locations and as a pioneering plant on regosols. 
Agricultural practices.
Planting.
Sea-buckthorn is normally planted as seedlings or sowed as seed in spring. It needs an adequate level of nutrients to produce a good yield and fruits of good quality. It responds well to phosphorus. The yield depends on the exposure to light; it does not tolerate shadow. Plants are normally planted 1.o to 1.5 m apart in rows 3 to 6 m between each other. The density of the plantings varies from 500 to 3300 plants per ha.
Plant protection.
Relatively few diseases and insects are important on sea-buckthorn, but these are reported:
The disease verticillium wilt caused by "Verticillium albo-atrum" and "Verticillium dahliae" is widespread where sea-buckthorn is cultivated. The disease appears on trees five to eight years after planting. The infected fruits mature prematurely, dry up, and shrivel. Infected trees should be dug out and burned. For three to five years, it should not be planted at the same place. 
Fusarium wilt is another important disease in sea buckthorn. "Fusarium" spp. seems to only attack rotting and dying plants. Infected branches should be cut and burned. 
Also, some insects affect sea-buckthorn: aphids, thrips, two-spotted mites, and earwigs. Gall ticks, leaf rollers, gypsy moths, and comma-shaped scale also cause damage to sea-buckthorn. The most damaging insect is the sea buckthorn fly. It penetrates the fruits and eats the flesh. The fruits are then unacceptable for use.
Weed control.
Weed control is important, especially during the early growth stages. Sea-buckthorn grows slower than weeds because it has a less vigorous root system. Weeds should be removed before planting and then controlled during the first four to five years. Mechanical and hand cultivation are both used for weed control. Cultivation should not be too deep so as to not damage the roots.

</doc>
<doc id="2874838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874838" title="Saint Pantaleon (disambiguation)">
Saint Pantaleon (disambiguation)

Saint Pantaleon may refer to:
Saint-Pantaléon is the name or part of the name of several communes in southern France:

</doc>
<doc id="2874849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874849" title="Akra Township, Pembina County, North Dakota">
Akra Township, Pembina County, North Dakota

Akra Township is a township in Pembina County, North Dakota, United States.
History.
Akra Township was organized in 1882, and was known as one of the "Icelandic Townships," due to its large population of Icelanders who had settled here. Akra takes its name from Akranes, Iceland, a town near Reykjavík.
Akra Township was a "double township," spanning two full survey townships. In 1888, the northern part of the township was separated and organized separately as Avon Township (now Advance Township).
Geography.
Icelandic State Park and the adjacent Renwick Dam and Lake Renwick are located in Akra Township.

</doc>
<doc id="2874850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874850" title="Georg Dionysius Ehret">
Georg Dionysius Ehret

Georg Dionysius Ehret (30 Jan. 1708– 9 Sep. 1770) was a botanist and entomologist, and is best known for his botanical illustrations.
Ehret was born in Germany to Ferdinand Christian Ehret, a gardener and competent draughtsman, and Anna Maria Ehret. Beginning his working life as a gardener's apprentice near Heidelberg, he became one of the most influential European botanical artists of all time. His first illustrations were in collaboration with Carl Linnaeus and George Clifford in 1735-1736. Clifford, a wealthy Dutch banker and governor of the Dutch East India Company was a keen botanist with a large herbarium. He had the income to attract the talents of botanists such as Linnaeus and artists like Ehret. Together at the Clifford estate, Hartecamp, which is located south of Haarlem in Heemstede near Bennebroek, they produced "Hortus Cliffortianus" in 1738, a masterpiece of early botanical literature.
As a result of exploitation by Johann Wilhelm Weinmann, Ehret finished only 500 plates of a 1,000 plate commission and moved to England where he illustrated many of the more spectacular plants that were in cultivation. His original art work may be found at the Natural History Museum in London, the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, The Royal Society, London, the Lindley Library at the Royal Horticultural Society, the Victoria and Albert Museum, at the University Library of Erlangen, and the Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation in Pittsburgh, PA.
The genus "Ehretia" was named in his honour.
References.
A memoir of Georg Dionysius Ehret, written by himself "Proceedings of the Linnean Society", London, November 1984 to June 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2874853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874853" title="Square lattice">
Square lattice

In mathematics, the square lattice is a type of lattice in a two-dimensional Euclidean space. It is the two-dimensional version of the integer lattice, denoted as Z"2". It is one of the five types of two-dimensional lattices as classified by their symmetry groups; its symmetry group in IUC notation as p4m, Coxeter notation as See in particular the top of p. 1320.</ref> and orbifold notation as *442.
Two orientations of an image of the lattice are by far the most common. They can conveniently be referred to as the upright square lattice and diagonal square lattice; the latter is also called the centered square lattice. They differ by an angle of 45°. This is related to the fact that a square lattice can be partitioned into two square sub-lattices, as is evident in the colouring of a checkerboard.
Symmetry.
The square lattice's symmetry category is wallpaper group p4m. A pattern with this lattice of translational symmetry cannot have more, but may have less symmetry than the lattice itself.
An upright square lattice can be viewed as a diagonal square lattice with a mesh size that is √2 times as large, with the centers of the squares added. Correspondingly, after adding the centers of the squares of an upright square lattice we have a diagonal square lattice with a mesh size that is √2 times as small as that of the original lattice.
A pattern with 4-fold rotational symmetry has a square lattice of 4-fold rotocenters that is a factor √2 finer and diagonally oriented relative to the lattice of translational symmetry.
With respect to reflection axes there are three possibilities:

</doc>
<doc id="2874862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874862" title="Rudolf Antonín Dvorský">
Rudolf Antonín Dvorský

Rudolf Antonín Dvorský (24 March 1899 – 2 August 1966) was the leader of a Czech dance band, the Melody Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="2874878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874878" title="A Present for Everyone">
A Present for Everyone

A Present for Everyone is the second and final studio album by British pop rock band Busted. It was released on 17 November 2003 by Universal Island Records and debuted at number 2 on the UK Albums Chart. It became a triple platinum album with sales of over one million.
Background.
The album was originally intended to be titled "Drum Roll", and was referred to as such in press releases and interviews up until October of that year. The album showed a more mature sound compared to their debut album. Eight of the thirteen standard edition tracks were co-written with Tom Fletcher from McFly, a band who Bourne helped form following Fletcher's departure from Busted in the early days of the band. "She Wants to Be Me" and "3am" were co-written with production team The Matrix, which showed a slight departure in sound for the band, venturing more into Pop punk.
"Fake" and "Better Than This" were collaborations between Willis, Guy Chambers and Steve Power, and both were hailed as stand-out tracks on the album in critical reviews. Bourne and Neve guitarist Michael Raphael wrote "Can't Break Thru", while Simpson co-wrote "Why" with his brother Will. "Why" shows a much heavier rock sound, similar to that of Simpson's future project Fightstar, which he would later leave Busted for to commit to full-time. Simpson later hailed "Why" as his favourite Busted song of all time. "Better Than This", "Why" and "Can't Break Thru" have solo vocal performances from those who wrote them.
Five songs from the album were released as singles. "Crashed the Wedding" was released in November 2003, "Who's David?" was released in February 2004, "Air Hostess" was released in April 2004, "3AM" was released in July 2004, and "She Wants to Be Me", which was released in November 2004. "3AM" was issued as a double A-side with "Thunderbirds Are Go!", which was included on the 2004 reissue of the album and the soundtrack to the film of the same name. The 2004re-issue of the album also includes various other popular Busted singles, and only includes three non-single tracks from the original album. The Japanese deluxe edition of the album includes a bonus DVD containing five music videos and an additional EPK for Japan.
Critical reaction to the album was generally positive. On bbc.co.uk, Nikki Smith writes: "They far outshine their boy band competitors, not just because of their ability to play instruments but also for the sheer energy and enthusiasm that comes through in their music". Allmusic states: "Though it's way too long at fifteen tracks, the album at least sticks to it's template of earnest, slightly bawdy tales of boys and girls wrapped around peppy, ultra-slick, and sickeningly in-the-moment guitar pop." The album was the 19th best selling of 2003 in the UK, and has been certified as 3x Platinum.
B-sides.
The band covered a variety of popular tracks as B-sides for the singles from the album. The band recorded covers of "Build Me Up Buttercup", "That's Entertainment", "Hark! The Herald Angels Sing", "O Holy Night", "Teenage Kicks", "Where is the Love?", "Fall at Your Feet" and "Runaway Train", as well as new tracks "Peaches", "Let it Go" and "Mummy Trade", all of which appeared as B-sides to "Air Hostess". The band's cover of "Teenage Kicks" was later included on their debut US release, as well as the re-issue of "A Present" in 2004. "Build Me Up Buttercup" is the second of the band's ongoing collaborations with McFly, following the release of "Lola" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2874882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874882" title="Melissa Lauren">
Melissa Lauren

Melissa Lauren (born October 16, 1984, in La Rochelle, Charente-Maritime, France) is a French pornographic actress and director.
Lauren started off studying as a cook for three years and worked in Paris as a pastry chef. After reading an ad in a newspaper from French porn director John B. Root, Lauren began filming six days later, in June 2003.
Her directorial debut was for the gonzo pornography company Combat Zone with the film "Plucked Then Fucked". She would continue to perform with women, in solo scenes, and in photo shoots. In 2007 she became Diabolic Video’s first female director, and directed a volume of the "Unnatural Sex" series. 
She has a tattoo on her right forearm stating "Quod Me Nutrit Me Destruit" (What Nourishes Me Destroys Me).

</doc>
<doc id="2874899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874899" title="Kalamaki, Zakynthos">
Kalamaki, Zakynthos

Kalamaki () is the name of a beach resort town on the Greek island of Zakynthos. It is located approximately 3 km northeast of the busy resort of Laganas, although despite the close proximity it maintains a much more relaxed atmosphere than its neighbour. It has experienced rapid growth in recent years, due to the growing influx of tourism with the number of charter flights to the area increasing twentyfold between 1983 and 1993. It is located on the south of the island, in the Bay of Laganas. The beach at Kalamaki is also a nesting place for the endangered Loggerhead Sea Turtle. As a consequence, the Greek government declared the beach as part of the National Marine Park of Zakynthos. The Greek parliament had previously protected the area through the development of legislation in 1986. This led to bathing being banned at night, and sports such as water skiing being likewise banned. 

</doc>
<doc id="2874925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874925" title="Mor ve Ötesi">
Mor ve Ötesi

Mor ve Ötesi (literally "Purple and Beyond"; a play on the word "morötesi", meaning ultraviolet) is a Turkish alternative rock band from Istanbul. Its four current members are Harun Tekin (vocals and rhythm guitar), Kerem Kabadayı (drums), Burak Güven (bass) and Kerem Özyeğen (lead guitar). Former members include Alper Tekin (no relation to Harun) and Derin Esmer. The band achieved mainstream success with the release of the album "Dünya Yalan Söylüyor". In 2008, the band represented Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest in Belgrade with the song "Deli" (Insane).
History.
Mor ve Ötesi was formed in 1995 with the line-up of Kerem Kabadayı (drums), Harun Tekin (vocals & guitar), Derin Esmer (vocals & guitar) and Alper Tekin (bass), who were then students at the Deutsche Schule Istanbul. They released their first album "Şehir" ("The City") in September 1996 and played their first live concert in Ankara. That year, Burak Güven replaced Alper Tekin on bass.
"Bırak Zaman Aksın" ("Let Time Flow"), their second album was released in January 1999 to massive success. Just after its release, Derin Esmer moved to the USA and was replaced by prominent guitarist Kerem Özyeğen. After the devastating 1999 Kocaeli earthquake, Mor ve Ötesi started playing more on social and political themes. They were also very active in the opposition against the use of nuclear energy in Turkey.
In August 2001, they released their third album, "Gül Kendine" ("Smile at Yourself"). With Kerem Özyeğen, there was a noticeable change in the music, and after 17 August there was a noticeable change in lyrics. In October 2002, Mor ve Ötesi's released the "Yaz" EP, which included a cover of the Ajda Pekkan song "Yaz Yaz Yaz".
Their fourth album "Dünya Yalan Söylüyor" ("The World is Lying") was released in March 2004. The album became their most popular album in Turkey, reaching 250.000 sales. Since their previous work was not as well known, many new fans were not aware that they weren't a new band. Although this album has been their best selling album, it is not admired by their old fans as much as their previous work, and some have even seen it as "sell-out". The album contained considerable political criticism against the activities of the USA both in Iraq and the rest of the world. In the same year they received a Golden Orange Award for their single "Bir Derdim Var", included on the soundtrack of the Çağan Irmak film "Mustafa Hakkında Her Şey".
Their fifth album "Büyük Düşler" ("Great Hopes") was released on May 9, 2006. This is an album mainly dealing with the political problems of Turkey and the personal problems of the group members, including loss of family members and their relationships. It has a darker sound compared to their previous albums. This album is regarded as a homage to their old fan base and a return to a style closer to their earlier albums. Three singles were released from the album: "Şirket", "Küçük Sevgilim", and "Ayıp Olmaz Mı?". Büyük Düşler was named Best Album of the Year by Rolling Stone Turkey and Best Rock Album of the Year by Blue Jean magazine.
On December 10, 2007 TRT's general manager İbrahim Şahin announced that Mor ve Ötesi were to represent Turkey in Eurovision Song Contest 2008 with the song 'Deli'. Mor ve Ötesi finished 7th in contest, which was held in Belgrade on 22 May 2008. During the contest, BBC commentator Terry Wogan described the lead singer as "a sinister James Bond".
The band's sixth album, "Başıbozuk", was released in late 2008, and included three studio and four live tracks, including their Eurovision entry, as well as remixes.
Their seventh album "Masumiyetin Ziyan Olmaz" ("Your Innocence Won't Go To Waste") came out in 12 May 2010. The first video clip was "Yorma Kendini"
Their eighth (their seventh studio album) album "Gunesi Beklerken" was released on 17 December 2012. The first video clip was taken for "Oyunbozan".

</doc>
<doc id="2874930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874930" title="Michael Naumann">
Michael Naumann

Michael Naumann (born 8 December 1941, in Köthen, Anhalt) is a German politician, publisher and journalist. He was the German secretary of culture from 1998 until 2001. He is married to Marie Warburg, granddaughter of Eric Warburg and great-granddaughter of Max Warburg.
Life.
Naumann was born as the son of a lawyer in Köthen. His father was killed in 1942 in the Battle of Stalingrad. 1953 Naumann had to flee with his mother to Hamburg. She had come to the attention of the Ministry of State Security of the GDR due to their contacts to emigrated Jewish relatives.
Education.
Naumann graduated with a Ph.D. (Dr.) in political science from Munich University in 1969 and continued his studies as a Florey scholar at Queen's College, Oxford. Naumann wrote his dissertation on Karl Kraus's "Der Abbau der verkehrten Welt" ("On overcoming a wrong world"), his habilitation on "Structural Change of Heroism, from Sacred to Profane" in 1978; he has also written a number of academic essays on theories of revolution.
In publishing and the media.
Naumann worked for "Der Spiegel" and for "Die Zeit", for the latter as a chief-editor and later as a publisher. In 1985 Naumann became Publisher of the publishing house Rowohlt Verlag. In 1995 he went to New York, first leading Metropolitan Books, then Henry Holt. He hosted a highbrow political talk show in German television, "Talk im Palais" from 2004 until becoming SPD candidate for mayor of Hamburg in 2007. From 2010 to 2012 he was chief-editor of "Cicero".
Secretary of Culture.
Between 1998 and 2001, he served as the first Secretary of Culture (German title: "Beauftragter der Bundesregierung für Kultur und Medien") for the federal government before returning to the publishing world. His most remembered act is declining the first design for the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe in Berlin on grounds of its monumental abstraction, and choosing the second proposed design by Peter Eisenman instead, including an underground "Ort der Information", a place of information, which provides the visitors with introductory informations on the history of the Holocaust.
Mayor candidate in Hamburg.
In late 2007 Naumann became the official Social Democratic Party of Germany candidate for the mayor election in Hamburg 2008 on February 24 that year.
The 2008 election in Hamburg caused setbacks for the Social Democrats in advance. After a recent election in Hesse just a few weeks before, which failed to bring a majority to the Social Democrats, party head Kurt Beck left it open to local Social Democrats in West Germany to form local Minority government coalitions with the Greens and/or the FDP that would be tolerated by the emerging, controversial Left Party (in eastern parts of Germany, full-blown coalitions with the Left Party's predecessor PDS had been commonplace for years since German reunification in 1990 but always taboo in the West). The election in Hamburg was not far off when Beck made these ambiguous statements in favor of such minority coalitions tolerated by the Left Party, whereas before, he had utterly denied it.
This caused a huge controversy in the media in the final crucial week of the Hamburg election, overshadowing the issues of Naumann's campaign themes - social welfare, better education, and improvement of Hamburg's infrastructure. A specially pronounced issue Naumann dwelled on during his campaign was acceptance of referendums and honesty on behalf of the city's government, as incumbent conservative mayor Ole von Beust was known for having had ignored a number of referendums and lying about the issues they were involved with, especially selling off of community property to private investors, such as the city's public state hospitals and parts of the Hamburg harbor.
Beck's ambiguous statements about local co-operations with the Left Party forced Naumann to repeatedly and adamantly deny any co-operation with the Left Party after the elections no matter what election results would follow, even going so far as stigmatizing them as Soviet Communists several times during his campaign, repeating the line, ""I will say it in a way even "they" will understand: "Nyet"!"" (""Ich sage es ihnen so, daß es sogar die zahlreichen alten Freunde "[...]" von der KPD unter ihnen verstehen: "Nyet"!"") Naumann could credibly do so, as he emphasized having escaped the Communist regime of East Germany as a child with his family, and also because of his treatment of these issues as a journalist, such as when he had been the editor-in-chief of the Leftist, but strictly anti-Communist political journal "Der Monat" (founded by Melvin J. Lasky) from 1978 until 1987. von Beust retorted Naumann's authenticity on the issue by saying that he believed Naumann's personal honest intention on not co-operating with the Left Party, but alleged that it wouldn't be up to Naumann in the end, rather to "more radical" figureheads in the SPD.
Presenting himself as a liberal and honest, cosmopolitan intellectual throughout his campaign, Naumann personally invited bad luck when he proved not the best orator in public and in TV interviews; a TV clip of him stumbling and stuttering when asked to deliver a particularly short yet concise message about his campaign promises was uploaded to YouTube numerous times. In above-mentioned interview, von Beust also mentioned a secret meeting between Berlin chapters of the SPD and the Left Party. Shortly thereafter, one reporter approached Naumann asking him whether he personally had been present at the meeting, to which Naumann indignantly swore "by the lives of my children" that he had not been there, which the media in turn generally took as a tasteless, pretentious kind of oath not to co-operate with the Left Party after the elections, even though Naumann had only spoken on whether he had been at that particular meeting. According to pollsters, approximately 3% of the crucial swing votes in the final week deserted the Social Democrats, and either stayed at home or switched to the conservatives. This deprived Naumann of the chances to form a coalition with the Greens.
Still, the election numbers in Hamburg were good for the Social Democrats. They gained 3% compared to 2004, and even about 10-15 percent compared to the polls made at the time when Naumann had been nominated as mayor candidate in late 2007. In fact, the only demographic that prevented Naumann from becoming mayor were senior citizens of 60 and older, which prompted Kurt Beck to say that the SPD would be ""the coming force of the future"" in Hamburg. Nevertheless, Naumann stuck to his promise not to form a coalition with the Left Party, or even just form a minority coalition with the Greens tolerated by the Left Party.
In the end Naumann's desired partners, the Greens sided with what they'd expressed as their second choice in advance, von Beust's conservative CDU, even though this prior announcement during their campaign had cost them 2.7%, dropping from 12.3% in the previous 2004 elections down to 9.6%. According to the Statistical Office of Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein, almost all of the votes lost by the Greens went to the Left Party, in spite of Naumann's expressed appeal to the voters not to do so, repeatedly saying that ""every single vote for the Left Party will be one more vote that will keep von Beust in office."" (""Jede Stimme für die Linkspartei ist eine Stimme für den von-Beust-Senat."")
As he'd previously said, Naumann nonetheless took a seat in the SPD fraction of the Hamburg parliament directly after the elections that had taken place on February 24. On May 22, he announced to resign from his seat on June 15 to go back to his former occupation as publisher of "Die Zeit".

</doc>
<doc id="2874952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874952" title="Tsing Yi Heung Sze Wui Road">
Tsing Yi Heung Sze Wui Road

Tsing Yi Heung Sze Wui Road () is one of the oldest roads on the Tsing Yi Island, Hong Kong. It was built to connect Tsing Yi Town and Tsing Yi Bridge when the bridge was being built. The name "Tsing Yi Heung Sze Wui" derives from the local Cantonese pronunciation of Tsing Yi Rural Committee. After the reclamation of Tsing Yi Lagoon and Tsing Yi Bay, the road ended at Chun Kwan Temple. The office building of the Tsing Yi Rural Committee is very close to the temple, though it is on Fung Shue Wo Road. Tsing Yi Fire Station and Tsing Yi Police Station are also on the road.

</doc>
<doc id="2874969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874969" title="Touché (disambiguation)">
Touché (disambiguation)

Touché is a fencing term used to acknowledge a hit.
Touché may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2874976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874976" title="The Thurston Lava Tube">
The Thurston Lava Tube

The Thurston Lava Tube is a psychedelic, experimental surf instrumental band from Leicester, England.
The band formed in 2001 with members Alan Jenkins (formerly of The Deep Freeze Mice and The Chrysanthemums) - guitar, Blodwyn P. Teabag - organ, Johnny Pacino - bass and Mat Bartram - drums. Marshall Cavendish replaced Johnny Pacino on bass in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2874979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874979" title="Shih Wing-ching">
Shih Wing-ching

Shih Wing-ching (; born 17 March 1949 in Shanghai) is a Hong Kong businessman. His family are from Ningbo in Zhejiang but he came to Hong Kong at an early age. In 1978 he established Centaline Property Agency Limited, which is now one of the largest property agencies in both Hong Kong and China.
Shih is Chairman of the Board of Governors of Hong Kong Sinfonietta, a Council Member of Oxfam Hong Kong, and a Member of the Housing Authority, as well as the Commercial Properties Committee and the Subsidized Housing Committee of the Authority. He is active in charity and philanthropy.
He founded, and continues to publish, the AM730 free daily newspaper. In January 2014, he revealed that many mainland companies were cancelling advertising with the paper, for its perceived anti-Beijing editorial stance.
On 30 July 2013, Shih was attacked in his car by two men with hammers, though he managed to drive away and did not suffer injury. He said at the time that he had no idea who or what motive might have been behind the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="2874981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874981" title="Standard algorithms">
Standard algorithms

In elementary arithmetic, a standard algorithm or method is a specific method of computation which is conventionally taught for solving particular mathematical problems. These methods vary somewhat by nation and time, but generally include exchanging, regrouping, long division, and long multiplication using a standard notation, and standard formulas for average, area, and volume. Similar methods also exist for procedures such as square root and even more sophisticated functions, but have fallen out of the general mathematics curriculum in favor of calculators (or tables and slide rules before them).
The concepts of reform mathematics which the NCTM introduced in 1989 favors an alternative approach. It proposes a deeper understanding of the underlying theory instead of memorization of specific methods will allow students to develop individual methods which solve the same problems. Students' alternative algorithms are often just as correct, efficient, and generalizable as the standard algorithms, and maintain emphasis on the meaning of the quantities involved, especially as relates to place values (something that is usually lost in the memorization of standard algorithms). The development of sophisticated calculators has made manual calculation less important (see the note on square roots, above) and cursory teaching of traditional methods has created failure among many students. Greater achievement among all types of students is among the primary goals of mathematics education put forth by NCTM. Some researchers such as Constance Kamii have suggested that elementary arithmetic, as traditionally taught, is not appropriate in elementary school. Many first editions of textbooks written to the original 1989 standard such as TERC deliberately discouraged teaching of any particular method, instead devoting class and homework time to the solving of nontrivial problems, which stimulate students to develop their own methods of calculation, rooted in number sense and place value. This emphasis by no means excludes the learning of number facts; indeed, a major goal of early mathematical education is procedural fluency.
The NCTM in recent revisions has made more explicit this need for learning of basic math facts and correct, efficient methods. Many new editions of standards-based texts do present standard methods and basic skills. However, the original guidelines continue to draw fire from well-meaning parents and community members, some of whom advocate a return to traditional mathematics. Success of a particular text depends not only upon its content, but also on the willingness of a school community to allow new pedagogy and content and to commit to the recommended implementation of the materials.

</doc>
<doc id="2874983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874983" title="Megamart">
Megamart

Megamart was an Australian chain of stores owned by Coles Group (then Coles Myer) that sold electrical and furniture items. It was a sub-store of department store chain Myer, so it was also known as "Myer Megamart" or "Megamart by Myer". Some Megamarts were bigger than whole Myer stores alone.
According to Business reporter Stephen McMahon, the reason Megamart closed was that "Its small footprint meant it struggled to compete with rivals such as Harvey Norman and Dick Smith - while cannibalising Myer's own sales."

</doc>
<doc id="2874990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874990" title="National Informatics Centre">
National Informatics Centre

The National Informatics Centre (NIC) () is the premier science & technology organisation of India's Union Government in informatics services and information-and-communication- technology (ICT) applications. The NIC is a part of the Indian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology's Department of Electronics & Information Technology.
It has played a pivotal role in steering e-governance applications in the governmental departments at national, state and district levels, enabling the improvement in, and a wider transparency of, government services. Almost all Indian-government websites are developed / managed by NIC.
Field of work.
NIC offers telecommunications-networking services including Ku band (TDMA, FDMA, SCPC & satellite broadband) VSATs, wireless metropolitan-area networks (MANs) and local-area networks (LANs) with gateways for Internet- and Intranet-resource sharing.
It is the network infrastructure and e-governance support to India's central government and state governments, union-territory administrations, administrative divisions and other government bodies. The NIC assists in implementing information-technology projects, in collaboration with central and state governments, in the areas of: Communication & Information Technology.
Organisation.
NIC is a part of the Indian Ministry of Communications & Information Technology's Department of Electronics & Information Technology and is headquartered in New Delhi. It has offices in all 28 state capitals and 7 union-territory headquarters and almost all districts. At New Delhi Headquarters, Mean Head a large number of Application Divisions exist which provide total Informatics Support to the Ministries and Departments of the Central Government. To cater to the ICT needs at the grassroots level, the NIC has also opened offices in almost all district collectorates. NIC Extends Technical Coordianation and IT support to District Administration.
NIC computer cells are located in almost all Ministry bhawans (buildings) of the central government and Apex offices including the Indian Prime Minister’s office, the Indian Presidential Palace ("Rashtrapati Bhavan") and India's Parliament House ("Sansad Bhavan").It also provide support to grass root level administration.
Services.
The NIC offers a host of services including:
Publications.
NIC publishes an E-Governance quarterly entitled "Informatics" in both print and PDF format. The current Chief Editor is Neeta Verma, Deputy Director General of NIC. The publication is made available at Informatics Website. Current issue is April 2014 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="2874994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874994" title="Fryerning">
Fryerning

Fryerning Essex Is a small village situated just 1.5 miles north of Ingatestone. The Parish Church 'St. Mary the Virgin' on Blackmore Road dates back from the 11th century, with a 15th-century brick tower. 
Fryerning is known as an area of natural beauty, hidden away in mid Essex, with big areas of woodland populated by several very large herds of deer, which can frequently be seen by walkers and cyclists. 
Amongst this Fryerning is also home to some of Britain's wealthiest residence, making it onto the top 10 richest villages list in the country with homes at an average price of £1,022,000. With 'CM4' now Essex's most sought-after post code.
The village has no shops but two pubs: The Cricketers and the extremely popular Viper, which is almost always crowded with walkers and locals, and becomes particularly packed during its biannual beer festivals.
s.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2874999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2874999" title="Pommy Johnson">
Pommy Johnson

Pommy Johnson is a comedian from Australia who is best known for performing his parody song "Psycho Chicken" while wearing a rubber glove on his head on the Australian television program Hey Hey It's Saturday.[http://www.chortle.co.uk/comics/p/662/pommy_johnson]
He was voted Australian comedian of the Year 2002 at the Maurie Awards, held at the Comic Lounge. He appeared on the RMITV show Under Melbourne Tonight on the 10th of April, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="2875003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875003" title="National Socialist Movement of Denmark">
National Socialist Movement of Denmark

The National Socialist Movement of Denmark (, DNSB) is a neo-Nazi political party in Denmark. The movement traces its origins back to DNSAP (Danmarks Nationalsocialistiske Arbejderparti), the Danish Nazi party founded in the mid-1930s, more or less as a copy of Hitler's German NSDAP. After the end of the Second World War, a few people continued under the original party name, and published the newspaper "Fædrelandet" (The Fatherland) during the period 1952-1972. The movement was dissolved, reformed, and renamed several times in the period 1972-1991. The current incarnation of Danmarks Nationalsocialistiske Bevægelse was founded on 1 September 1991 by the current chairman, Jonni Hansen.
Under Hansen's leadership, the movement has resumed publication of "Fædrelandet", and started the National Socialist local radio station, "Radio Oasen", which can be received in an area around Greve south of Copenhagen as well as being broadcast on the Internet. The radio station has caused much controversy, since due to the liberal media laws of Denmark it has been entitled to support from public funds. The broadcast license of "Radio Oasen" has been revoked several times after the radio station broadcast racist statements, and the public funding was removed in May 2004, however, the radio station continues to broadcast 62 hours per week through funding received from private supporters.
The movement keeps its membership count secret, but it has been estimated at around 1,000 passive and around 150 active members.
DNSB has twice run for municipality council elections in Greve, Denmark, in 1997 and 2001. In the 1997 election, they gained 0.5% of the votes, and in 2001 0.23% (73 votes). These numbers fell far short of securing them representation in the municipality council.
More recently, DNSB ran for the Greve municipality council and Region Sjælland (region Zealand) regional council in the 15 November 2005 municipality and Regional Council elections. This represented the first time since the Second World War that the voters could elect a National Socialist candidate above the municipality level. Although they got only 73 votes in Greve (0.3%) and 611 votes in the region (0.1%), they were not the party to receive the fewest votes, and the event generated some media attention for the movement.

</doc>
<doc id="2875004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875004" title="Alexander Zemlianichenko">
Alexander Zemlianichenko

Alexander (Sasha) Zemlianichenko (), prominent Russian photojournalist, born May 7, 1950, in Saratov, Russia. 
He has been working for the Associated Press in Moscow since 1990. He has traveled extensively, covering news stories throughout the former Soviet Union, the Middle East, Europe and the United States. 
He was one of five AP photographers who won the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for photos of the Soviet coup attempt of 1991. He also was a finalist in the 1995 Pulitzer competition for his photographs of the war in Chechnya, Russia. 
Zemlianichenko received his second Pulitzer Prize in 1997 for a photo of Russian President Boris Yeltsin dancing at a rock concert. The same photo won a World Press Photo award in 1996 [http://www.archive.worldpressphoto.org/search/layout/result/q/ishoofdafbeelding/true/trefwoord/photographer_formal/Zemlyanichenko%2C%20Alexander. He was later invited to be a jury member [http://www.americanphotojournalist.com/news.php?post_id=43] at World Press Photo.

</doc>
<doc id="2875016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875016" title="Pallikoodam">
Pallikoodam

Pallikoodam is a high school in the Kalathilpady area of Kottayam in Kerala, India. It was established as Corpus Christi High School in 1967 by educator and women's rights activist, Mary Roy. The term "Pallikkoodam" means school in the Tamil and Malayalam languages.
The campus.
The campus of the school was designed by architect Laurie Baker and includes a swimming pool, basketball and volleyball courts, a football field, an 800-seat auditorium, and platforms for theatre and other performing arts. The school has a full-time faculty for sports, drama, music, dance and other arts.
Activities.
The school has partnered with activist organisations including Greenpeace, EXNORA, and several NGOs in Kerala for projects. Victim relief efforts have been organised by the school in the wake of disasters such as the Orissa cyclones and the 2005 tsunami. The school was a subject of a documentary by the Indian broadcaster Doordarshan: "Mary Roy and Corpus Christi". Projects of the school have been featured on BBC World and Star News. In 2006 and 2009, the school won the TCS IT Wiz trophy.
Environmental and social role.
Pallikoodam School has championed several socio-environmental causes in Kottayam. It protested against the official apathy regarding the Vadavathoor Dump problem and formed the Citizen's Action Forum (CAF) which discusses such issues.
There was a lack of water at the Institute of Child Health in Kottayam; it was found that there was adequate water supply to the I.C.H., but the Class IV employees had diverted it into their own quarters where it was being used to irrigate crops. Due to the sustained agitation by the CAF, the water supply was restored.
The Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) has formulated the Municipal Wastes Management and Handling Rules, 2000. Bala Bhu Bhadratha, an environmental organisation started in Pallikoodam, has filed a Writ of Mandamus in the High Court of Kerala, praying that these rules be implemented in Kottayam. Pallikoodam has also fought against the pollution in the Meenchil River and the use of endosulfan in India. The school has distributed hundreds of waste compost units, teaching people to segregate waste, and the students of Pallikoodam have often cleaned up the nearby Kalathipady road, Karipal Hospital area.
Emphasizes on mother tongue.
The school teaches English after 4th standard. It helps students to think and speak in their mother tongue Malayalam at a tender age which helps them love their own language.

</doc>
<doc id="2875024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875024" title="Eikerapen Roots Festival">
Eikerapen Roots Festival

Eikerapen Roots Festival is traditional music festival held in Eikerapen, Åseral, Norway. It has been running since August 2004. The 2014 festival is scheduled to run from 30 July to 3 August.

</doc>
<doc id="2875029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875029" title="Reef (company)">
Reef (company)

Reef is a brand of casual sandals, known as Thongs. Two Argentine brothers, Fernando and Santiago Aguerre, created their brand in the 1980s to support their active lifestyles. Their involvement in the surfing scene led them to open their own surf shop in Argentina in the 1970s. Eventually they moved from Argentina to the San Diego beach community of La Jolla, California. This is where Reef began. Starting out with $4000, the brothers set out to create what is marketed as the world's best active sandal. Their product became popular amongst surfers and beach goers. Reef has subsequently grown into one of the world's leading active sandal manufacturer.
In 1995 the company had grown considerably and expanded their operations, moving into an San Diego facility.
While the initial market was primarily surfers and beach denizens, Reef sandals began popping up in the skate, snowboarding, and mainstream fashion scene. The company now promotes sporting gear from boards and footwear to active clothing as well. Reef launched their women's sandal line in 1998 and in 2002 also launched their logo program including hoodies, T-shirts, caps and beanies for both men and women. The success of the logo program launched a move into a complete men's clothing line and a women's bar.
Co-founder Fernando Aguerre is currently president over the International Surfing Association and is working towards the sport's Olympic participation.
Reef is owned by VF Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="2875043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875043" title="Dean Kemp">
Dean Kemp

Dean Kemp (born 17 February 1969 in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League.
Recruited from Subiaco in the Western Australian Football League, Kemp made his AFL debut in Round 1 of the 1990 AFL season in a 46-point win at Subiaco Oval against eventual premiers Collingwood. He played 23 games (including all four finals) and won West Coast's Rookie of the Year Award.
In 1992 he played in West Coast's Premiership team and earned All-Australian selection as well as West Coast's best and fairest award. 
In 1994 he played in the side's second premiership team and won the Norm Smith Medal for best on ground.
He was selected in the 1996 Team of the Decade and the 2006 "Team 20" for the Eagles. In 2001 he was made co-captain with Ben Cousins, but retired later that season. Kemp suffered numerous concussions during his career, including one resulting from a savage hit from Mark Ricciuto, and his career was ultimately shortened somewhat by the effects of these numerous concussions.
Kemp was an outstanding midfielder who surprisingly never polled well in the Brownlow Medal count, polling only 53 career votes, with a season best of 13 in 2000. A reason put forward for this is that Kemp was not a flashy ball carrier type player. Rather, on gaining possession of the ball, would quickly and effectively dispose of it to a teammate.
He was also particularly good playing in the wet, rarely fumbling the greasy ball. He enjoyed a successful career after he was drafted at number 117 in the 1989 draft. The lateness of his selection in the draft is frequently highlighted to argue that late draft picks can still prove themselves to be star players.
Kemp was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2007 and the Western Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2875046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875046" title="Albert Edward Matthews">
Albert Edward Matthews

Albert Edward Matthews (May 17, 1873 – December 16, 1949) was the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario.
Matthews was born in Lindsay, Ontario. He worked as an investment broker in Toronto and rose to the position of director of various companies. Matthews served as Ontario's 16th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 1937 to 1946. He took office during the Great Depression while Mitchell Hepburn was Premier of Ontario. Hepburn had come to office promising to show austerity by curtailing the perks and privileges of, among others, the lieutenant-governor. Chorley Park, the grand official residence of the lieutenant-governor since 1915, was closed in the first year of Matthews' term and its contents auctioned off leaving him with a suite in the legislative buildings for official functions. As a result, Matthews did less official entertaining during his term in office at Queen's Park quarters than anticipated. He instead hosted Royals and other dignitaries at his Toronto estate.
Making many visits to churches, hospitals, military, civic, and government functions in his role as Lieutenant Governor of Ontario, Matthews brought a steady dignity to his service while in office. Several highlights of his tenure include the August 18, 1938 opening with US President Franklin D. Roosevelt of the Thousand Islands bridge connecting Ontario to New York State. Matthews was also present for the 1st visit to Canada by a reigning Canadian monarch, King George VI, who was accompanied by his wife, Queen Elizabeth. Matthews and Ontario Premier Mitchell Hepburn officially welcomed the King and Queen to Queen's Park, Toronto, on May 22, 1939.
Matthews died in Windermere, Ontario, in 1949 and was buried in Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Toronto.
To commemorate a life time of service in the Baptist Church, 'Matthews Memorial Tower' was built at McMaster University Divinity College, Ontario in memory of Albert Edward Matthews.
World War II General and businessman Bruce Matthews was his son.

</doc>
<doc id="2875047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2875047" title="VBdocman">
VBdocman

VBdocman allows commenting and the automatic generation of technical documentation from Visual Basic 6 source code files. 
VBdocman parses the Visual Basic projects and automatically creates the table of contents, index, topics, cross-references and F1 context-sensitive help.
It can read Javadoc comments from the source code. VBdocman contains comment editor which helps writing comments. It is possible to insert pictures, links and other formatting directly into the source code.
The format of output documentation is configurable. Predefined formats are HTML Help, WinHelp, HTML, RTF and XML.
VBdocman has its successor VSdocman which supports VB .NET and C#.

</doc>
