<doc id="2919980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919980" title="United States Patents Quarterly">
United States Patents Quarterly

The United States Patents Quarterly (USPQ) is a United States legal reporter published by the Bureau of National Affairs in Washington, D.C. The USPQ covers intellectual property cases including patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, from 1913 to the present. The publisher stopped the sequence of volume numbers and restarted with a second series, cited as USPQ2d, in 1987.
The USPQ reports case law from the United States Supreme Court and most federal appeals courts, including the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, United States Court of Federal Claims, and United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals. It also includes cases from United States District Courts, and certain decisions from administrative tribunals, such as the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences, the United States International Trade Commission and the Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks, and opinions from state courts.
The reporter is published with a digest in cumulative and annual volumes. The digests have headnotes from the opinions and are organized according to a classification scheme. The digests are published with cases of tables organized alphabetically and by tribunal, and with a topical index.
The United States Patent and Trademark Office regulations require that any case (other than a case from the United States Supreme Court) cited in any proceeding before the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences include a parallel citation to the USPQ. In trademark cases, USPQ citations are also suggested.
The cases reported in the USPQ are available through many commercial services, including Bloomberg Law, LexisNexis, First American, and Westlaw. As of December 2013, the USPQ is exclusively available only on Bloomberg Law and Bloomberg BNA (Bureau of National Affairs)

</doc>
<doc id="2919984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919984" title="Robert Hertzberg">
Robert Hertzberg

Robert Myles Hertzberg, a native of Los Angeles, has been characterized by the Los Angeles Times as a “high-velocity wonk; he loves BIG ideas, and will flesh out every one of them if you give him a chance.”  The Los Angeles Daily News has said: Hertzberg “has relentless dedication and indefatigable energy… he has a reputation for integrity and perseverance.”
Hertzberg served as Speaker of the California State assembly from 2000 to 2002 where he was twice elected on a unanimous bipartisan voice vote.  He takes that same spirit of energy and innovation into his law practice, his extensive community service as well as his entrepreneurial business career.  Even after leaving the State Assembly, he remained committed to public service, always willing to tutor new legislators or help broker agreements on legislation to further the public interest.Since leaving the State Assembly in 2002, he has combined civic activism to reform California’s political system, ran for Mayor of Los Angeles in 2005,ground-breaking work in the field of alternative energy and a successful law practice.  (He was named a “Super Lawyer”in 2004, 2006 and from 2008 through 2013 and the Daily Journal also named him one of the Top 100 lawyers in California, while the Los Angeles Business Journal named him one of their top 10 lawyers in 2007).
The web site “googlism.com” said that “Bob Hertzberg one of the most talented and respected legislators ever to come out of the California Assembly.” 
Early life.
Hertzberg was born on November 19 in Los Angeles, California to Harrison W. Hertzberg and Antoinette"Bunny" Taussig Hertzberg. He was a graduate of Palm Springs High School.  He graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of Redlands with a Bachelor of Arts double major in History and English in 1976.While in college, he wrote a 400-page handbook, entitled A Commonsense Approach to English. Three years, later Hertzberg earned his Juris Doctor from Hastings College of the Law at the University of California in San Francisco. He has been an active member of the California State Bar since 1979.
Legal career and early political work.
After graduating law school in 1979, Hertzberg was an associate at the Beverly Hills law firm of Fulop, Rolston, Burns, & McKittrick. In 1983, he co-authored a manual on real estate law, California Lis Pendens Practice, published by the University of California, with a second edition in 1994. He was then a full partner in several small Los Angeles-area law firms until running for the State Assembly in 1996. In 2007, the Los Angeles Business Journal named Hertzberg in the article "Best of the Bar: Who's Who In L.A. LAW." The Los Angeles Business Journal also named him one of the top ten lawyers in Los Angeles. Hertzberg has been repeatedly listed by the Daily Journal as one of the top 100 lawyers in California. In 2004, 2006, and 2008-2013, he was listed in Super Lawyers as top lawyer.
Hertzberg's first political job was a driver for Lt. Governor Mervyn Dymallyin 1973 and 1974, which ended in Dymally's election as the first African-American Lt. Governor in California history. He then did a part-time stint as an advance man in the White House under President Jimmy Carter in 1977–80. From the 1970s through the 1990s, he worked for numerous California Democrats, including LA County Supervisor Gloria Molina,U.S Representatives Dennis Cardoza (Campaign Chair), Brad Sherman,Julian Dixon,Xavier Becerra (Campaign Co-chair), Lucy Roybal-Allard & Hilda Solis,LA City Council Members Mike Hernandez(Co-chair) & Herb Wesson (Chair), and also State Assembly members Antonio Villaraigosa (Campaign Treasurer), Hersh Rosenthal, and Richard Alatorre, among many others.
Election to State Assembly.
In 1996, Democratic Assemblywoman Barbara Friedman of the 40th Assembly District encompassing North Hollywood, Studio City, Van Nuys and Woodland Hills in the "San Fernando Valley" section of Los Angeles was forced to retire due to term limits. Hertzberg ran for the seat and was opposed in the Democratic primary in March 1996 by Fran Oschin, an aide to Los Angeles Councilman Hal Bernson. According to the California Political Almanac, Hertzberg "racked up a sheaf of endorsements and raised well over $200,000 for the primary." He won the primary by 72–28%. In the November general election, Hertzberg had a 59–31% victory over Republican Ron Culver. Hertzberg's know-how and connections from over 100 local campaigns gave him the edge over the less-experienced Assembly Members who were coming into the Legislature due to the new "term limits" law.  In 1998 and 2000, Hertzberg was re-elected by successively greater margins, 69% and 70%, respectively.
Speaker of the Assembly – 2000–2002.
On April 13, 2000, Hertzberg was unanimously elected by a voice vote as the 64th Speaker of the California State Assembly. In 1996, when Hertzberg first ran for the Assembly, the Democrats had 38 of 80 seats. By November 2000, when Speaker Hertzberg was directing the Assembly Democratic campaigns, his party was up to 50 seats and he was the last Speaker to gain seats until the Obama landslide of 2008. As Speaker, his principle priorities were:
The non-partisan California Journal rated Hertzberg as the best Member in the Assembly for being a successful coalition-builder, for working the hardest and having "serious brain wattage."
During his time in the Assembly, Hertzberg helped open up discussion with local business leaders, sponsored legislation to make state government more accessible to the public via the Internet, to make it easier to vote, to create more "Criminal Scene Investigations (CSI) laboratories, to cut $1.5 billion in taxes, and worked with Senate President Pro Tem John Burton & State Senator Deborah Ortiz to increase funds to revamp public education through the "Cal-Grant" Program. The Cal-Grants Program was "hailed by educators as a turning point that will give poor students unprecedented access to California's colleges and universities" and Hertzberg commented upon the bill's passage, "California is back." (Hertzberg believed deeply in community colleges, seeing them as the key to growth in "New Economy"). Under Hertzberg's Speakership, the state also began to rebuild public transportation, and Hertzberg co-sponsored the legislation creating CLEAR, an anti-gang program, which Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley called "the most successful gang prevention program in California history." (More specifics are listed immediately below).
On the issue of international terrorism, two years before September 11, 2001, Hertzberg was issuing warnings and sponsoring legislation to thwart terrorism. (See AB140 below). After the attacks of September 11, 2001, Hertzberg temporarily shut down the State Assembly and created the Bi-partisan Legislative Task Force on Terrorism to combat potential threats to California's food and water supplies.
Hertzberg’s strong support was also essential to successful legislation to reduce greenhouse gases from motor vehicles by requiring “Low Carbon” fuels, a bill passed by Assemblywoman Fran Pavley as AB1493.
His longest-lasting accomplishment was being the architect of a compromise that allowed numerous school bond measures to go forward. His negotiations with State Senator Betty Karnette (D-Long Beach) allowed the State Legislature to break a decade-long legislative logjam and place school bonds on the 1998 and 2000 ballots. In 2002, he sponsored another school bond, AB16, to place an additional $25.35 billion worth of school bonds on the ballot in November 2002 and then successfully campaigned to pass the bond. Using the framework designed by Hertzberg, California was able to pass over $70 billion in school bonds. For nearly two decades, California state government had been deadlocked with a Democratic State Legislature facing Republican Governors George Deukmejian and Pete Wilson. Hertzberg and Senate President Pro Tem John Burton broke the gridlock to pass the most progressive social legislation since the 1960s. (See below).
Legislative accomplishments.
AB206 – "Citizens' Complaint Act." (1997) Requires state agencies, with web sites, to provide a form on the web site for individuals to register complaints or comments regarding the agency's performance.
AB513 – Meth Sentence Enhancement (1997) increases criminal penalties for selling methamphetamine.
AB853 – Gang Prevention Programs (1997) establishes the Community Law Enforcement and Recovery (CLEAR) Demonstration Project to combat gangs in Los Angeles County.
AB856 – CA Witness Protection Program (1997) creates a state witness protection program run by the Attorney General.
AB880 – Elder Financial Abuse (1998) expands criminal penalties for financial abuse of the elderly and dependent populations.
AB2011 – Gun control (1998) requires that a serial number must be on a non-antique modern gun as a condition for transfer of ownership and requires law enforcement tracing of all seized guns.
AB2351 – Electronic threats (1998) adds threats made by electric communications, such as the Internet, to the list of prohibitions.
AB39 – Contraceptives (1999) Requires health care plans to pay for contraceptive services.
AB140 – Anti-Terrorism (1999) makes illegal the possession, use, manufacture, attempt or threat to use weapons of mass destruction.
AB185 – San Fernando Valley re-organization (1999) allows the San Fernando Valley section of Los Angeles to request a citywide vote on secession.
AB187 – Grant Information (1999) allows state agencies to make available on their web sites a list of all grants administered by that agency.
AB925 – Conservators (1999) creates a Statewide Registry for conservators and guardians.
AB1094 – Voter Registration (2000) reduces the deadline for registering to vote from 29 to 14 days before the election.
AB1391 – Forensic Laboratories (1999) authorizes the construction and remodeling of forensic laboratories.  This bill eventually led to the creation of the Hertzberg-Davis Forensic Science Center of Los Angeles in 2007.
AB1473 – Infrastructure plans (1999) requires the Governor to submit annual five-year construction spending plans.
AB1665 – Cal-OSHA Funding (1999) extends the funding for the California Occupational Safety and Hazard Administration inspection program.
AB1717 – Gun Control (2000) requires the Department of Justice to evaluate ballistic identification systems and report back to the Legislature.
ACR181 – California History Month (2000) designates September as "California History Month.
AB16 – Education Bonds (2002) authorized spending of $25.35 billion in future education bond funds.  Voters passed school bonds in 2002 and 2004.
AB56 – Voting Modernization Bonds (2001) authorizes a $200 million bond to update and repair California's voting equipment.
AB423 – Farm Labor Contracts (2001) enhances enforcement of farm labor contracts and the payment of back wages owed.
AB669 – State Non-emergency phone number (2001) authorizes local public agencies to establish a "311" non-emergency phone number.
AB865 – Credit Cards (2001) requires credit card companies to detail the time and cost of paying off credit card debts by only making the monthly minimum payments.
AB935 – Public Interest Attorneys (2001) helps lawyers who work in the public interest or indigent defendant field to pay off their student loans.
AB1657 – LA County Healthcare (2001) requires the State Auditor to evaluate the financial capacity of the LA County Department of Health Services to meet its responsibilities.
AB1781 – Instructional materials funding (2002) provides funding for school districts to purchase instructional materials.
AB1838 – Terrorism – W.M.D. (2002) makes use of weapons of mass destruction murder in the first degree and a capital crime.
AB2321 – Court claims (2002) creates rules for personal injury claims against California State and local courts.
AB2717 – Water Desalination (2002) requires the Department of Water Resources to report to the Legislature by 2004 on the possibility of seawater desalination in California.
Personal style.
Warm and outgoing, Hertzberg has been given the nicknames "Huggy" and "Hugsberg" for his habit of offering embraces to colleagues, employees, voters and even opponents. Staffers also know to be on call whenever the Speaker would get a new idea. Republican consultant Tony Quinn described Hertzberg as the "Energizer Bunny with a 150 I.Q. – always willing to discuss policy."
Legacy as Speaker.
With Republican Assemblyman Bill Leonard, Hertzberg worked to create the Robert M. Hertzberg Capital Institute to train new legislators and employees in state ethics rules and computer systems. After his tenure as Speaker ended, the Legislature under successor Speaker Herb Wesson named the Capitol Institute after Hertzberg. Hertzberg also created the Speaker's Office of International Relations and Protocol, a forward-thinking move in light of the "globalization" economic trends and the fact that if California were a separate nation, it would be among the world's 10 largest economies. The non-partisan magazine California Journal, gave Hertzberg high marks for working hard, being intelligent, having high ethical standards and for being a successful coalition-builder.
Criticism of Hertzberg.
Veteran Los Angeles Times columnist George Skelton said of Hertzberg’s tenure as Speaker: “Reviews are mixed. Hertzberg is an intense bundle of energy, an all-night negotiator, an affable, incessant hugger. But critics contend there’s often more motion than forward movement.”  However, Skelton noted Hertzberg’s string of legislative accomplishments and ended the column with “Hertzberg cared.  He tried.  And he’s leaving the house in better shape than he found it.” In the California Journal, Sherry Jeffe criticized what she called Hertzberg’s “micro-management” and giving Republican “porky bribes” to ensure passage of the budget. She also complained that he was “rolled on redistricting by Senate pro tem John Burton” and commented that “the low point for this speaker – with his penchant for organization, structure and fastidious to detail – came the last night of the 2000 legislative session when, argued one Capitol insider, ‘as a result of disorganization, a great number of bills which would have been enacted fell through the cracks.”  Conservative Sacramento Bee columnist Dan Walters said Hertzberg’s promise of legislative oversight of the executive branch “faded, particularly when the subjects were the energy crisis and the performance of his fellow Democrat, Governor Gray Davis.”
Private law practice and alternative energy ventures, 2002 to current.
Mayer-Brown Firm.
After retiring from the State Assembly in 2002, Hertzberg joined Mayer Brown LLP, formerly Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw as a full partner. At the firm, Hertzberg has specialized in government affairs, providing strategic advice to companies doing business in California and nationally. He has been particularly interested in the fields of the environment, climate-change, energy, water and Indian related issues.
Career and Recognitions in the Green Energy Sector.
Besides his law practice, Hertzberg has also been very active in the alternative energy business. During his Speakership in the legislature, Hertzberg was critical in passing the Low Carbon Fuel standards. The Pavley law has now become the law across the nation
He co-founded Solar Integrated Technology in 2003, which was the first solar manufacturing facility ever in Los Angeles.  (He sold his interests to run for Mayor of Los Angeles while the company won the Wall Street Journal Award for Innovation and went on the public market in the United Kingdom). 
After the Mayor’s race, he co-founded Renewable Capital in 2006 to do research and development of electronic vehicle in the U.K. and co-founded G24 Innovations Limited in 2006, an innovative flexible low light solar company in Cardiff, Wales.  G24i became a well-regarded award-winning company.
G24 produces a new type of lightweight and flexible solar cell that generates power in low, ambient and even indoor conditions.  G24 has won numerous awards in recent years: in January 2008, CNBC European Business chose the company as one of its “Top 100 Low-Carbon Pioneers and The Guardian (UK) named Hertzberg as one of the “50 People Who Could Save the Planet.”  G24 is also the recipient of the “NESTA Rushlight Award” (for leading British achievement in the environmental field) as well as winning the World Bank’s “Award for Lighting Africa.”
Most recently, G24 won the prestigious “Business Commitment to the Environment Leadership Award” and Prince Charles invited CEO Hertzberg to join the “Business Leader’s Group on Climate Change.”  Additional awards include: “Welsh Innovative Company of the Year 2008,” and Heidrick & Struggles “Force for Good Pioneers” Award.  In 2012, G24 won the “Green Manufacturer of the Year Award” at the Insider Made in Wales Awards. 
On the CBS Evening News, Katie Couric stated in a news profile that Hertzberg knew “the difference between talking about global warming and actually doing something about it.” 
Hertzberg traveled the world as a “green-tech” innovator lecturing and working in many countries, all while he often returned to California to pursue his deep interest in public policy.  He has been interviewed by the BBC, CNN and CBS on his work in alternative energy.
Public Policy Activism after Leaving the State Assembly.
He continued to teach each year new members of the California State Legislature, both inside and outside the Hertzberg Institute.
With the Late Nancy Daly Riordan (the Former First Lady of Los Angeles) and Hollywood Director Rob Reiner, Hertzberg co-chaired for two years the First 5 preschool program to bring pre-school programs to the 150,000 4 year-olds in LA County without pre-school. 
He also currently serves on the Board of Advisors at former Governor Schwarzenegger’s Institute for State and Global at U.S.C. along with former Mexican President Vicente Fox, former New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson, former Indiana Senator Evan Bayh, former San Antonio Mayor and Housing & Urban Development Secretary Henry Cisneros, former New Jersey Governor Christie Todd Whitman, Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann and Rajendra Kumar Pachauri, who is the Chair of the Nobel Peace Prize-winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
California Forward/Think Long Committee.
California Forward.
In 2009, Hertzberg replaced future Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta as the Chair of California Forward whose self-declared mission is “to work with Californians to help create a "smart" government – one that’s small enough to listen, big enough to tackle real problems, smart enough to spend our money wisely in good times and bad, and honest enough to be held accountable for results.” 
The web site of California Forward states that they are seeking “A Comprehensive Solution” to California’s problems, including:
1) Fiscal reforms (performance-based budgeting, a more rational tax system and pay-as-you-go rules.
2) Structural reforms where more power is returned from Sacramento to local governments, pension reforms and a revitalized education system.
3) Democracy reforms, including non-partisan redistricting and voting systems.
While at California Forward, Hertzberg strongly supported the redistricting reforms that assigned the decennial task of re-drawing legislative district lines to an independent Citizen’s Commission and the “Open Primary” initiative (where voters can choose candidates regardless of partisan registration), all of which California voters passed via the ballot box in 2008 and 2010.
In conjunction with Chairing California Forward, Hertzberg has also been a member of the Think Long Committee of California since 2009. This Committee is a non-partisan civic group focused on fixing California’s dysfunctional state and local government structures. The Think Long Committee promotes a vision of 21st Century government in California that is more efficient and “user-friendly” to ordinary California citizens. 
Hertzberg completed his service at California Forward in October 2012.
Think Long Committee of California.
In 2009, Hertzberg joined the Think Long Committee of California, a bi-partisan collection of public and private sector leaders, including former Secretaries of State George Schultz & Condi Rice, former Assembly Speaker Willie Brown, businessmen Eli Broad & David Bonderman, and former State Supreme Court Chief Justice Ronald George.  The Committee describes its mission to “Advocate a comprehensive approach to repairing California’s broken system of governance while proposing policies and institutions vital for the state’s long-term future.”
The Think Long Committee’s platform to “Re-boot California’s Democracy” includes:
Los Angeles Economic Development Corporation.
Hertzberg has twice served as Chair of the L.A.E.D.C., in 2004 and 2011, the largest economic development agency in the country.    As Chair, Hertzberg lead successful trade missions to China, Japan, and Korea among other nations, helping to create bi-lateral investments and trade.
During his first term as LAEDC Chair, he co-founded the Southern California Leadership Council, which includes former California Governors Deukmejian, Wilson and Davis, to work on consumer goods movement and infrastructure, among other issues.
2005 Campaign for Mayor of Los Angeles.
Assemblyman Hertzberg retired from the Assembly in 2002. At the time, he said he had no plans to run for any other office, expressing a desire to "take care of my kids."
But a steady series of fundraising scandals where members of Mayor James Hahn's Administration were investigated by a grand jury for allegedly awarding city contracts to campaign contributors and the general drift of Hahn (some critics called him "Mayor Yawn") created an opening. In a LA Times poll, only 48% of voters considered Hahn honest.
Antonio Villaraigosa, who lost to Mayor Hahn in 2001, had been elected to the Los Angeles City Council in 2003 while promising not to run for mayor, something he quickly reconsidered when Hahn proved vulnerable. Bernard Parks, the African-American City Councilman who had not been rehired as Police Chief by Hahn and State Senator Richard Alarcon also jumped in, as did a number of minor candidates. Hertzberg's allies convinced him to run, and in 2004, he started a web site ChangeLA.Com to promote his candidacy.
Hertzberg advocated a "boroughs" system to make city government smaller, more efficient and more accountable to the grassroots, plus giving the Mayor's office more power, especially over the school system. He also opposed raising taxes, while favoring synchronizing traffic lights to ease congestion. Hertzberg's campaign platform consisted of four main planks:
He told the LA Times that it was more than ambition that caused him to run, but a sense of duty as well:
“Could I go out and make a ton of money in my businesses and law firm? Sure. But when I'm 70 years old, I look in the mirror and I watched this place crumble
and knew I could have done something about it. I just couldn't let that happen. Believe me; otherwise I wouldn't have done it. The sacrifices to me and to my
family are extraordinary.”
Over half of LA city voters did not know much about Hertzberg. To boost his public standing, he launched a TV campaign that featured a giant image of him towering over a city full of problems. He also unveiled an endorsement from former Mayor Richard Riordan. The LA Times expressed a preference for a Villaraigosa-Hertzberg run-off, while the Los Angeles Daily News endorsed Hertzberg. The African-American newspaper, The Los Angeles Sentinel, also endorsed Hertzberg, the first time they had ever endorsed a white candidate against a serious black candidate.
Hertzberg’s efforts paid off as a second LA Times poll found the primary too close to call. Meanwhile, Hahn's supporters fought back with a hardball negative campaign through the mail.
Analysis by the LA Times showed that Hertzberg ran best in the San Fernando Valley and West LA, among white middle class voters and Jews. Hertzberg also won twice as many precincts as Hahn, but fell short when Hahn's negative ads decreased his support in the Valley. A switch of just 3,278 votes would have put Hertzberg in the run-off with Villaraigosa. A lead editorial after the primary election in the LA Times, "Paging Bob Hertzberg," claimed a dull debate between Hahn and Villaraigosa made them "miss Bob Hertzberg and his outsized ideas."
After just missing the run-off, Hertzberg endorsed the eventual winner Villaraigosa, helping the first Latino Mayor in the San Fernando Valley, plus the Jewish and business communities where Hertzberg had run particularly strong in the primary. Villaraigosa ended up winning the run-off by 59–41%.
Political advisory roles.
Since Arnold Schwarzenegger's election as California Governor in the 2003 recall election, Hertzberg has served as both a formal and informal advisor to the "Governator." In 2003, Schwarzenegger appointed him to his Transition Committee and Hertzberg helped guide the passage of the new Governor's "Economic Recovery Package" through the Legislature that allowed the state to weather the financial crisis of 2003–04. According to The People's Machine by Joe Matthews, Schwarzenegger then offered Hertzberg the position of Chief of Staff, nicknaming him "Hertzie." Hertzberg chose to stay in the private sector, but did advise Arnold to "build a thoroughly bipartisan government." Hertzberg wrote in the LA Daily News that his advice was: "Take the initiative to go and meet with members of the Legislature, Democrats and Republicans alike. Sit in their offices, meet with them as human beings, and learn to work with them."
Assemblyman Darrell Steinberg commented on Hertzberg’s role as a link between Governor Schwarzenegger and the State Legislature, saying that Hertzberg would report “what the Democratic legislative line was -- where we couldn't go and where we were willing to go. And he had the trust of the principals on both sides, which helped quite a bit.”
After finishing a close third in the 2005 Mayoral Election, Hertzberg also served as the Chair of Mayor-elect Villaraigosa's Transition Team. In 2009, Hertzberg also served as the co-chair of the Transition Team for newly elected Los Angeles City Attorney, Carmen Trutanich.  Despite being out of office for a decade, the journal Capitol Weekly has repeatedly named him one of the Top 100 influential people in Sacramento, writing in 2011: “Bob Hertzberg is one of those hyper-kinetic, Type-A personalities who love politics for its own sake. He’s a former Assembly speaker, an L.A. lawyer and a go-to guy for his ideas on political reform. Amazingly, he was a sort of adviser to former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, and he continues to be an insider Democrat with his fingers in lots of pies.”
Civic affairs/public policy activism.
Hertzberg has stayed involved in policy debates and formulation through his service on numerous boards of public policy committees and several universities, including:
Political vision/ideals.
Hertzberg calls himself a "New Democrat" in the mold of Bill Clinton, who is both pro-business and pro-labor. He told the Los Angeles Business Journal that education is the key to the future and "we're trying to pave the way for what's coming next in California; intellectual property, not low-wage jobs." And Hertzberg told the Speaker's Commission on Regional Government: "The winners in the New Economy will be the regions that learn to work together to relieve traffic congestion, build affordable housing, preserve open space and promote economic development. If government is going to be effective in this new age, it is going to have to start thinking regionally. This Commission is an important first step."
In his autobiography Total Recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger relates how he went to meet with Speaker Hertzberg in 2002 to seek support for his successful “After-school” initiative:
“One of my first stops was Bob Hertzberg, the Speaker of the Assembly.  Bob is a smart, ebullient from the San Fernando Valley, about the same age as Maria. 
He’s so friendly that his nickname is Huggy.  Within two minutes, we were swapping jokes.  ‘What’s not to like?’ he said about our ballot proposition.  But he
warned me not to expect support from the Democratic Party itself.  ‘God forbid we should endorse a Republican initiative,’ he wisecracked.”
When he was running for Mayor, Hertzberg told the LA Weekly: "Get it done or get the heck out of the way is my philosophy. I start out as a holistic thinker. I'm the big picture, holistic thinker... It really boils down to the issue of getting the work done. I am sick and tired of the noise. Sick and tired of the empty promises."

</doc>
<doc id="2919986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919986" title="Jimmy Corkhill">
Jimmy Corkhill

James 'Jimmy' Corkhill is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Brookside", played by Dean Sullivan. He joined the series in 1986, originally arriving in a recurring basis appearing alongside his on-screen brother, Billy Corkhill, he then became a regular, remaining in the show until its demise 17 years later. He is also cited as one of the show's most popular characters and was the longest featured character. Jimmy has often been cited as a lovable rogue by the media.
Casting.
Jimmy is played by actor Dean Sullivan. He later became the longest serving cast member in the serial's history. Sullivan was initially only contracted to appear in six episodes as a recurring character, however due to his popularity he was taken on full-time and remained for seventeen years. When the serial was axed Sullivan stated he felt bereaved and it was like losing an old friend.
Characterisation.
Jimmy is often described as a rogue. He is also described the "bad boy" character.
Storylines.
Jimmy first appeared in Brookside when brother Billy had moved in and was in the process of building the extension to no. 10. His first scene in the close featured Billy and Paul Collins, another close resident, who was the architect responsible for designing the extension.
Jimmy came and went for a couple of years as a sporadic character whilst the Corkhill family were introduced. His first big storyline involved an insurance 'job' on Billy's house. For a year or so, Billy Corkhill had been in dire financial straits and Jimmy talked him into what he thought was a surefire winner. So on a day when Rod Corkhill - son of Billy - graduated from Police college, Jimmy did the insurance job (in daylight) - and totally trashing the Collin's house in the process for good measure, to make it look a bit more convincing to the police and the insurance company. However, once Billy returned from the graduation later that day, he was mortified at the amount of damage Jimmy had done to his house and for a while it put a strain on their relationship. 
In the early to mid 1990s, Jimmy Corkhill became an integral part of the storylines. First he suffered from a drug addiction which nearly destroyed his relationship with Jackie Corkhill. He had numerous jobs including a barman and bouncer at "Bar Brookie", working for Mick Johnson in his pizza takeaway, a cleaner in a school and ultimately a history teacher at his local school. In November 1993, Jimmy's contacts were starting to get arrested and he decided to flee the close. When driving, he took a hit of cocaine to steady his nerves however this seriously affected his driving and he caused neighbour Frank Rogers to swerve off a road and crash. Frank, who had just married Lyn Matthews, was badly injured and died just after arriving in hospital. Jimmy had driven some of the relatives to hospital, and when they arrived he learnt that Frank had just died and that Tony was in a coma with a fractured skull.
Within a month of the crash, Tony was diagnosed as being in a persistent vegetative state and was unlikely ever to recover, but his father Ron was determined to help him recover, and Jimmy helped out with fundraising to help the Dixon family find a cure, but Tony died in February 1994.
At the request of Ron, Jimmy was a pall-bearer at Tony's funeral but finally cracked under guilt at the graveside and confessed that he had caused Tony's death.
A short time after, his son "Little Jimmy" became a heroin addict; finally being murdered by drug dealers in November 1996. Jimmy started taking ecstasy tablets in 1994, and actor Dean Sullivan urged Brookside producers to kill off his character in a bid to warn youngsters about the dangers of taking drugs. But he was not killed off.
In January 1995, Jimmy and Eddie Banks found the body of Childbeater Trevor Jordache (Bryan Murray), who had been killed two years earlier, by his wife Mandy Jordache, and his daughter Beth Jordache then buried him under the patio - the storyline was called 'The Body Under The Patio' plot. Incidentally, the storyline that lead up to it, which involved an alcoholic, abusive and incestious father (Trevor Jordache) was of Brookside's most moving storylines (the body under the patio discovery scene remains Brookside's most well known and is rated as one of the most memorable in UK soap history).
1995 also saw Jimmy turn up to the D-Day commemorations dressed in a Gestapo uniform, which did not go down too well in the close. He was also accompanied on frequent occasions during 1995 with his pet, a pitbull called Cracker. 
Tragedy struck the Corkhills in November 1996 when Little Jimmy was murdered by drug dealers. There was a brief respite for Jimmy and Jackie in July 1997 when, both in their forties, they had a third child William. More bad news was to come for Corkhill as he was eventually rumbled at his job at the school for falsifying certificates, which he had enlisted the help neighbour Danny Simpson to do so. After a few months in the job, wife Jackie became sick of the pretense of it all, mainly because Jimmy was really starting to believe his own hype. She spilled the beans at a dinner with two of his fellow teacher colleagues, who took a dim view. Jimmy was fired soon after. Following this he developed manic-depression (bipolar disorder) and began experiencing hallucinations and delusions. He then got up one morning, convinced he was still a teacher and arrived at the school to teach a lesson clad in odd shoes. This culminated in him locking his pupils in his classroom where he shook tables and starting ranting and screaming. A boy in his class protested about this and called him a "weirdo". This led to the boy having a bloody nose as Corkhill grabbed him and smacked his face on a table. Consumed with guilt he ran out the class and went up to the roof where he was ready to commit suicide. His daughter Lindsey Corkhill and a neighbour Ray Hilton heard about this and tried to convince him not to kill himself. The police were also informed and rushed to the scene, two policemen went up to the roof and were standing behind Corkhill. Corkhill jumped off the roof but was saved just in time by one of the policemen. After this he was advised to go to his GP and he was put on anti-depressants.
In 2001, his marriage to Jackie ended in separation after many years. After the siege neighbour Nikki Shadwick began to see Jimmy as a father figure, however her feelings turned to infatuation and the two slept together in 2002. Jimmy Corkhill remained in the series until the show ended in 2003. He starred in the show's final scenes which included him painting "Game Over" on his house and adding a "D" to the street-sign so it read "Brookside Closed." He then went to live with his son-in-law, Barry Grant and daughter in their mansion in Blaydon, Tyne and Wear. The final scene of Brookside saw Jimmy winking at the camera.
Reception.
In 2000, Jimmy and Jackie Corkhill received the best on-screen partnership award at the British Soap Awards. He was then nominated in the category of "Best Actor" at the 2002 award ceremony. In 2003 Dean Sullivan received the Special Achievement Award at the "British Soap Awards" for his portrayal of the character. The character was selected as one of the "top 100 British soap characters" by industry experts for a poll to be run by "What's on TV", with readers able to vote for their favourite character to discover "Who is Soap's greatest Legend?" Virgin Media included Jimmy in their "80's finest" segment and stated: "Jimmy Corkhill arrived on Brookside Close as a wheeler-dealer, but over his 17 years on the show he also showed us the horrors of drugs, and showcased a lot of scary-faced mental illness acting." Newspaper "The Press" branded him as one of the serial's most popular characters. Jimmy became noted for wearing a trademark denim shirt, the shirt was won in a competition after the serial stopped airing. Rachel Murphy of the "Daily Mirror" branded Jimmy a "lovable nutter" and also stated: "Jimmy has ducked and dived through a hilarious and heart-breaking catalogue of crime, drug abuse, mental illness and tragedy". In 2004 Northwest Regional Development Agency branded Jimmy a "lovable rogue" type, a label which "Click Liverpool" also attributed to the character. In addition the BBC have stated he is a "much-loved rogue".
"The Northern Echo" praised the character stating: "In criminal and activist Jimmy Corkhill, Dean Sullivan has created one of the soap's most memorable characters. He remains one of the few links with the Brookie heyday when it was regularly in the news. After nearly 20 years he's closely identified by the public with the character, which was originally only scheduled to appear in six episodes."
In popular culture.
Jimmy was parodied in a segment of Shooting Stars where he was played by Vic Reeves.

</doc>
<doc id="2919990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919990" title="Malcolm Smith (motorcyclist)">
Malcolm Smith (motorcyclist)

Malcolm Smith (born March 9, 1941 on Saltspring Island, British Columbia, Canada) is an American off-road racer.
Career.
Smith first raced in 1956 atop a 1949 Matchless 500cc motorcycle. Later, he was associated with Husqvarna motorcycles. His renown grew as he won races in the 1960s and 1970s. Smith won eight gold medals between 1966 and 1976 in the International Six Day Trial, the European cross-country event.
He is a six-time winner of the Baja 1000, three times on a motorcycle and three times in a car; a four time winner of the Baja 500; has twice won the Mint 400 in Nevada and the Roof of Africa Rallye; participated in the Paris Dakar Rally twice; and was the overall winner of the Atlas Rallye in the mountains of Morocco.
Following his racing career, Smith began developing tools and riding gear. Malcolm Smith Gold Medal Products later became Malcolm Smith Racing (later MSR). MSR was eventually purchased by Tucker Rocky Distributing. He currently operates a motorsports dealership in Riverside, California with his 3rd wife Joyce and 2 of his 4 children Ashley and Alexander.
Smith was inducted into the Off-road Motorsports Hall of Fame in 1978, the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 1996 and the Motorcycle Hall of Fame in 1998.
Racing on film.
Smith's talent on two wheels earned him a starring role in Bruce Brown's classic motorcycle documentary, "On Any Sunday", alongside screen legend Steve McQueen and American Motorcyclist Association Grand National Champion Mert Lawwill. The film was nominated for an Academy Award in 1972 for Best Documentary Feature.
He continued to appear in motion pictures, including "Naturally Free" (1975), "Dirt" (1979), and "On Any Sunday II" (1981). Recently, Malcolm was featured in the 2005 Baja 1000 documentary, "Dust to Glory", co-starring Mario Andretti and Robby Gordon.
Off the track.
In 2000, Smith created a non-profit foundation dedicated to giving back to Mexico. Every year, Smith hosts a 6-day charity ride to raise money for his schools and orphanages. Malcolm has been married 3 times and has four children.

</doc>
<doc id="2920003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920003" title="Dombes">
Dombes

The Dombes (Arpitan : Domba) is an area in South-Eastern France, once an independent municipality, formerly part of the province of Burgundy, and now a district comprised in the "département" of Ain, and bounded W. by the Saône River, by the Rhône, E. by the Ain and N. by the district of Bresse.
Topography.
The region forms an undulating plateau with a slight slope towards the north-west, the higher ground bordering the Ain and the Rhône attaining an average height of about The Dombes is characterized by an impervious surface consisting of boulder clay and other relics of glacial action. To this fact is due the large number of rain-water pools, varying for the most part from 35 to in size which cover some 23,000 acres (93 km²) of its total area of 282,000 acres (1,140 km²). These pools, artificially created, date in many cases from the 15th century, some to earlier periods, and were formed by landed proprietors who in those disturbed times saw a surer source of revenue in fish-breeding than in agriculture.
Disease and depopulation resulted from this policy and at the end of the 18th century the Legislative Assembly decided to reduce the area of the pools which then covered twice their present extent. Drainage works were continued, roads cut, and other improvements effected during the 19th century; partly as a result of Napoleon III's installation of Trappist monks in the district to set about the task. Large numbers of fish, principally carp, pike, and tench are still reared profitably. The pools are periodically dried up so the ground can be cultivated.
Political history.
The Dombes [http://ladombes.free.fr] (Latin "Dumbae") once formed part of the kingdom of Arles. In the 11th century, when the kingdom began to break up, the northern part of the Dombes came under the power of the lords of Bâgé, and in 1218, by the marriage of Marguerite de Baugé with Humbert IV of Beaujeu, passed to the lords of Beaujeu. The southern portion was held in succession by the lords of Villars and of Thoire. Its lords took advantage of the excommunication of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor to assert their complete independence of the Holy Roman Empire.
In 1400, Louis II, Duke of Bourbon, acquired the northern part of the Dombes, together with the lordship of Beaujeu, and two years later bought the southern part from the sires de Thoire, forming the whole into a new sovereign principality of the Dombes, with Trévoux as its capital.
The principality was confiscated by King Francis I of France in 1523, along with the other possessions of the Constable de Bourbon, was granted in 1527 to the queen-mother, Louise of Savoy, and after her death was held successively by kings Francis I, Henry II and Francis II, and by Catherine de' Medici. In 1561 it was granted to Louis, duc de Montpensier, by whose descendants it was held till, in 1682, Anne Marie Louise of Orléans, the duchess of Montpensier, gave it to Louis XIV's bastard, the Duke of Maine, as part of the price for the release of her lover Lauzun.
The eldest son of the duke of Maine, Louis-Auguste de Bourbon (1700–1755), prince of Dombes, served in the army of Prince Eugene of Savoy against the Turks (1717), took part in the War of the Polish Succession (1733–1734), and in that of the Austrian Succession (1742-1747). He was made colonel-general of the Swiss regiment, governor of Languedoc and master of the hounds of France. He was succeeded, as prince of Dombes, by his brother the count of Eu, who in 1762 surrendered the principality to the crown. The little principality of Dombes showed in some respects signs of a vigorous life; the prince's mint and printing works at Trévoux were long famous, and the college at Thoissey was well endowed and influential.
Summary.
Taking the above information from 1911 with that from other sources, we seem to have a district composed of glacial till, from a period when the Alpine ice sheet extended over the area, probably from the Mindel and Riss glacials. This appears to be mainly clay deposited "in situ" as the ice melted. There appears to be also, sand and gravel on the clay in places. This may date from the latest glacial, the Würm.
The clay till which also goes by the now rather old-fashioned but still useful name of boulder clay, is usually very sticky when wet and hard when thoroughly dry. This made arable use of the land with medieval implements impossible and it was unsuitable for pasture most of the time. Usually, such land was left as woodland but here, enterprising landowners seem to have taken it on when nobody else wanted it and attempted to make it produce income by excavating lakes for the raising of fish.
This was a sensible, commercial idea except in that the open, still and shallow water will have harboured the vectors of malaria. The population therefore remained small and probably sickly, until more effective, 19th century drainage permitted use of some of the land for pasture and modern agricultural methods permitted the heavier land to be used for ploughing. In parallel with these, medical advances overcame the malaria. Since the mid 20th century, the district has become fairly prosperous and the INSEE statistics now indicate a steady climb in population numbers.
Communes in the Dombes.
(CAB) "Communauté d'agglomération" of Bourg-en-Bresse, (created in 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="2920006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920006" title="Rome Refinery">
Rome Refinery

The Rome refinery was built in 1965 at Pantano di Grano, south-west of Rome, approximately 10 km from the coast, near the port of Fiumicino.
On July 12, 2005 Shell sold its 20% stake to Total which now owns 77.5% of the company.
The remaining part is owned by ERG which owns entirely or partly other 3 refineries in Italy.
It has a processing capacity of 4.3 Mt/a, is equipped with a visbreaking plant of around 1.7 Mt/a and a plant for the production of bitumen. 
It has a sea terminal to receive raw materials and dispense with surplus products.
The Rome refinery is also an important logistical base: a certain amount of products, equal to 50% of refinery production, arrives from the outside, using the structure as a transit depot.

</doc>
<doc id="2920015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920015" title="Holyoke Mall at Ingleside">
Holyoke Mall at Ingleside

The Holyoke Mall at Ingleside (a.k.a. Holyoke Mall) is a shopping mall located in Holyoke, Massachusetts that serves the Springfield metropolitan area. It features nearly 200 stores, a large food court, and several restaurants. At 1.6 million square feet, the three-level mall is one of the largest malls in New England.
The mall has four parking garages, and has unique architecture such as wood paneling, wooden benches, a dome with purple lights, a box-spiral staircase with holes that leads to the Café Square level, and a stone-shafted elevator. Located near the interchange of I-90 and I-91, the Holyoke Mall is one of the primary shopping destinations in Western New England, and attracts many out-of-state visitors. WiFi access is offered at Starbucks. There is a United States Post Office in the mall that is open 7 days a week and open until 7pm (except Sundays).
History.
The mall opened in 1979 and was expanded (and slightly renovated) in 1994. At the time it was expanded, it was billed as the largest mall in New England. It is owned by The Pyramid Companies. Lord & Taylor opened at the mall in November 1994. It closed in 2003 citing a lack of business. Pyramid in 1998 proposed a expansion that would have added a 20-screen cinema complex but this attempt was blocked by the city. In August 2007 Apple opened a store. In November 2007 Borders Books opened a store on the in part of a renovated spot formerly occupied by Lord and Taylor. The Borders Closed in late 2011. Pottery Barn, Williams-Sonoma, Swarovski, Sephora and Burlington Coat Factory opened stores in the mall in 2008. In April 2009, Forever 21 massively expanded their store (it became a flagship store XXI Forever) in the lower floor of the mall using the other part of the space formerly occupied by Lord and Taylor. At the time it was the largest Forever 21 in Massachusetts.
Sports Authority opened in 2006, replacing a former Kahunaville and causing AC Moore to relocate.
Must be 18 controversy.
In 2005, The Pyramid Corporation sparked local controversy over its "must be 18 policy", especially from the local Latino population. The policy (implemented on September 9, 2005) requires all patrons under the age of eighteen to be accompanied by a parent or guardian on Friday and Saturday nights after 4:00 PM. Anyone who appears to be under 18 can be asked to show identification such as a school ID card or a driver's license. This policy is not enforced in the majority of the approximately twenty complexes managed by the Pyramid Corporation, largely located in suburban areas. Because of this, the mall has been accused of racism by the local community. Councilor William H. Dwight, who serves on the Northampton Youth Commission, commented that because teenagers do not have as many places as adults to gather, they are frequently treated like pariahs. "It seems to me the mall is relatively safe. It's a shame that's gone," said Dwight. Pyramid has defended its decision by saying that it will increase sales because the environment will be more pleasing to adult shoppers and the incidence of shoplifting will be reduced.

</doc>
<doc id="2920017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920017" title="Design rule for Camera File system">
Design rule for Camera File system

Design rule for Camera File system (DCF) is a JEITA specification (number CP-3461) which defines a file system for digital cameras, including the directory structure, file naming method, character set, file format, and metadata format. It is currently the de facto industry standard for digital still cameras. The file format of DCF conforms to the Exif specification, but the DCF specification also allows use of any other file formats.
The latest version of the standard is 2.0 (2010 edition).
File system.
In order to guarantee interoperability, DCF specifies the file system for image and sound files to be used on formatted DCF media (like removable or non-removable memory) as FAT12, FAT16, FAT32, or exFAT. Media with a capacity of more than 2 GB must be formatted using FAT32 or exFAT.
The DCF standard defines that the "Read Only" file and directory attribute of FAT file systems can be used to protect files or directories from accidental deletion. Other existing attributes don't have any specially defined usage in DCF.
Directory and file structure.
The filesystem in a digital camera contains a DCIM (Digital Camera Images) directory, which can contain multiple subdirectories with names such as "123ABCDE" that consist of a unique directory number (in the range 100…999) and five alphanumeric characters, which may be freely chosen and often refer to a camera maker. These directories contain files with names such as "ABCD1234.JPG" that consist of four alphanumeric characters (often "DSC_", "DSC0" or "IMG_"), followed by a number.
DCF 2.0 adds support for DCF optional files recorded in an optional color space (that is, Adobe RGB rather than sRGB). Such files must be indicated by a leading "_" (as in "_DSC" instead of "DSC_" or "DSC0").
The file extension is "JPG" for Exif files and "THM" for Exif files that represent thumbnails of other files than "JPG". Other file formats use different extensions. Multiple files sharing a number (even if the file extension or the four alphanumeric characters are different) are considered related and form a DCF object.
Prior to the introduction of DCF 2.0, some camera vendors (e.g. Minolta and Konica Minolta) chose to use the file extension to indicate the recorded color space, that is, "JPG" was used for sRGB, whereas "JPE" was used for Adobe RGB.
For example, the files on a Nikon D40 are arranged according to the above specification. Thus, a card formatted by the camera will have a volume named "NIKOND40", with a subdirectory named "DCIM". This directory contains a subdirectory named by default "100NCD40", in which images are stored. Images are named "DSC_xxxx", where xxxx represents the file's sequential number.
As this is an industry standard, similar directory structures and naming procedures can be found in most digital cameras. 
An example of DCF directory and file structure:
DCF objects.
DCF object is a standalone file with DCF filename (e.g. ABCD0001.JPG) or a file group that shares the same file number. DCF objects are used for the files related with each other, such as the image file and the related audio file. Related files are handled together for the convenience of users. A DCF object need not include an image file. A standalone file for which no other file with the same file number exists is still a DCF object. Files in directories that are not located under a DCF directory are not DCF object components.
DCF specification defines files included in DCF objects:
Files not specified in DCF specification (with other extensions and data structures, e.g. "TXT", "WAV", "TIF" etc) may also be included in a DCF object.
The rules for DCF object structure and elements prohibit the use of DCF thumbnail files for files with ".JPG" extension. They also prohibit the extension "JPG" for other than DCF basic files and DCF optional files.
One DCF directory may contain up to 9999 DCF objects, numbered from "0001" to "9999" (a.k.a. "File number"). This holds true even if the prefix used is "DSC0", frequently causing users not aware of the DCF standard to wonder why the picture counter wraps around after 9999. For example, the next file after DSC09999.JPG will create a new folder containing DSC00001.JPG, rather than continuing in the same folder to DSC10000.JPG.
DCF media.
DCF media is defined as a removable memory recorded in compliance with the DCF specification or, removable and non-removable memory that a file system can access from an external device through IF (regardless of wired or wireless).
Access.
Camera file systems can usually be accessed by directly mounting them via the USB mass storage device class protocol, which exposes the file layout, whether DCF compliant or otherwise. Alternatively, and independent of DCF, files may be accessed via the Picture Transfer Protocol, which provides an object-oriented view and need not expose the file layout.
The file system layout is often opaque to users, as images are copied onto a computer or printer and the application deals with layout.

</doc>
<doc id="2920018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920018" title="Barry Palmer (musician)">
Barry Palmer (musician)

Barry Palmer is an Australian musician, songwriter and record producer based in Melbourne, best known as a member of the band Hunters & Collectors, from 1988-1998.
History.
Palmer began playing alongside his brother Craig Palmer and bluesman Chris Wilson in popular R&B band The Sole Twisters. He came to prominence as guitarist and songwriter for indie darlings, Harem Scarem and Crown of Thorns, later joining one of Australia's truly iconic bands Hunters & Collectors in 1989. 
In 2005 he was the subject of a documentary series "The Hit Game" on ABC television, which showed him producing and developing four unsigned artists: Deepface who were later signed to Fly Records (a division of JJJ); Belinda-Lee Reid (ex-Lash) who was later signed to a substantial deal; Vanessa Morefea who later signed to Instant Karma in the UK; and finally the Wolfgramm sisters, who have toured with Jet and the Countdown series.
Palmer toured the globe and Australia for many years with Hunters & Collectors, the band selling over one million albums in their home territory and along the way writing and performing songs that have become a part of the Australian musical and cultural landscape. In recognition of their status within the Australian music community and their contribution to Australian music, 2005 saw Hunters & Collectors inaugurated into the ARIA Hall of Fame. Whilst still in Hunters & Collectors, Palmer formed Deadstar with Caroline Kennedy — releasing three albums to critical acclaim and radio success. From their first indie hits, such as "Going Down" and "Don't It Get You Down", to later pop songs like "Deeperwater" and "Run Baby Run", the band toured Australia and the UK until disbanding in 2001.
Production.
During this time Palmer wrote and sometimes produced songs with many other artists — "Cry" with The Mavis's (gold sales and APRA most performed song of the year), "Rip It Up" with 28 Days (gold), "Take Me Away" with Lash (lead track for U.S. movie "Freaky Friday" with the soundtrack selling in excess of 500,000), "Love Comes Easy" with Vika and Linda (first single from "Princess Tabu"), "Home Again" and many others with old songwriting partner Mark Seymour (produced first solo album, "King Without A Clue") and a swag of other songs with artists as diverse as Michael Spiby of The Badloves, Dan Brodie (producer, "Beautiful Crimes", EMI), Tim Henwood of The Androids (producer/writer), Shihad, The Fauves, Amiel ("Tonight"), Lisa Miller, The D4 (writing and producing), Carly Binding (Mushroom/Warner), Luger Boa and Dash and Will.
Palmer continues to write and record, concentrating particularly on the artists signed to his production company, Gigantically Small. 
2006 saw the release of "Dirty Days" for Jaed (The Devil's Music/Instant Karma, produced and arranged by Palmer), garnering rave reviews from the UK press. 
Deepface (Fly Music) placed the highest Australian dance song on the ARIA dance charts for four months with "Been Good" (co-written by Palmer, C. Kennedy and A. Klippel) and was nominated for an ARIA award for Best Dance Release. The release of their album "Feel The Love" saw the trio debuting in the Billboard U.S Dance Charts top 50. 
Missing Hours (originally signed by Palmer, later to Sony) produced by Palmer. Emma Hewitt disbanded the act in 2009 and headed to London to forge an incredibly successful trance career. In 2010 she won best trance vocalist at the Miami International Dance Music Awards.
The Coalition Of The Young, produced by Palmer and signed to Gigantically Small. Declan has since moved on to form Declan And The Antics. 2011 sees Declan going solo and releasing his debut e.p in September.
Gigantically Small signed the wonderful Dash and Will in 2007 and then inked a deal with Universal. D&W's second album is due in August 2011.
2008 also saw Palmer co-write and produce an album for Jimmy Christmas of The D4 with his new band Luger Boa (Warner Music).
Matt Walters released an EP in February 2009, and his debut album produced by Paul McKercher in May 2011.
Palmer has most recently signed Boy In A Box and then licensed the band to Warner in May 2011.
Palmer's Gigantic Studios opened in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2920026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920026" title="Marius Aventicensis">
Marius Aventicensis

Marius Aventicensis or, popularly, Marius of Avenches (532 – 31 December 596) was the Bishop of Aventicum (modern Avenches) from 574, remembered for his terse chronicle. After his death in Lausanne, he was venerated in that city as a saint, and his feast day was celebrated on 9 or 12 February. 
What is known of him, aside from his chronicle, is from the inscription on his tomb in the church of Saint Thyrsus in Lausanne He came of a distinguished, rich family, probably Gallo-Roman in their culture. In 574 he was made Bishop of "Aventicum", took part in the Second Council of Mâcon in 585, and shortly afterwards transferred his episcopal see from Aventicum, which was rapidly declining, to Lausanne. 
His metrical tomb inscription of unknown date, published in "Gallia Christiana", extols him as an ideal bishop; as a skilled goldsmith who made the sacred liturgical vessels with his own hands; as a protector and benefactor of the poor who ploughed his own land; as a man of prayer, and as a scholar. In 587 he consecrated a proprietary church built at his expense on property of his own at Paterniacum (Payerne). The church of Saint Thyrsus was rededicated at an early date to Saint Marius. 
His brief chronicle is a continuation of the "Chronicon Imperiale" usually said to be the chronicle of Prosper of Aquitaine. It covers the years from 455 to 581, and is a valuable source for Burgundian and Franconian history, especially for the second half of the sixth century, "and serves to correct the bias of Gregory of Tours against the Arians of Burgundy" It has been frequently published — first by Chifflet in André Duchesne's "Historiæ Francorum Scriptores", I (1636), 210-214; again by Migne in "Patrologia Latina", LXXII, 793-802, by Theodor Mommsen in "Monumenta Germaniae Historica, Auctores antiqui", XI (1893), 232-9, and by Justin Favrod with a French translation: "La chronique de Marius d'Avenches (455–581)" (Lausanne 1991).

</doc>
<doc id="2920031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920031" title="Rita Wolf">
Rita Wolf

Rita Wolf (born 25 February 1960 in Calcutta, India) is a British-Indian actress and theatre producer. She moved to London at an early age and trained at the prestigious Royal Court Youth Theatre. She has appeared on British television and in many theatre productions. Her first leading film role came in 1984 in the movie "Majdha", the real starting point of her career. Since then, she has had major parts on stage and screen in both the United States and the United Kingdom.
In 1990, Wolf and Rukhsana Ahmad founded the Kali Theatre Company in London, which is a registered charity whose goal is to encourage, develop, promote and produce the works of Asian female writers. The Kali is supported in part by grants from the London Arts and the Arts Council of England. She now lives in New York City with her two children, Kiran and Anjeli. Anjeli Chapman had a major role in "The War Within", a film that provides an in-depth look at terrorism and its impact on society. Kiran Chapman was in "A Heartbeat to Baghdad", a play about war and it effect on people.
References.
The American Pilot

</doc>
<doc id="2920040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920040" title="Neuronal tuning">
Neuronal tuning

Neuronal tuning refers to the property of brain cells by which they selectively represent a particular type of sensory, associaction, motor, or cognitive information. Neuronal responses are optimally tuned to specific patterns through experience. Neuronal tuning can be strong and sharp, as observed in primary visual cortex (area V1), or weak and broad, as observed in neural ensembles. Single neurons may be simultaneously tuned to several modalities, such as visual, auditory, and olfactory. Neurons that are tuned to different signals often integrate information from the different sources. In neural networks, such integration is the major principle of operation. The best examples of neuronal tuning can be seen in the visual, auditory, olfactory, somatosensory, and memory systems.
Visually Tuned System.
Accepted neuronal tuning models suggest that neurons respond to different degrees based on the similarity between the optimal stimulus of the neuron and the given stimulus. The first major evidence of neuronal tuning in the visual system was provided by Hubel and Wiesel in 1959. They discovered that oriented slits of light were the most effective stimuli for striate cortex “simple cell” neurons. Other neurons, “complex cells," responded best to lines of a certain orientation moving in a specific direction. Overall, the V1 neurons were found to be selectively tuned to certain orientations, sizes, positions, and forms. Hubel and Wiesel won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1981 for their discoveries concerning information processing in the visual system.
While these simple cells in V1 respond to oriented bars through small receptive fields, the optimal visual stimulus becomes increasing complex as one moves toward the anterior of the brain. Neurons in area V4 are selectively tuned to different wavelengths, hues, and saturations of color. The middle temporal or area V5 is specifically tuned to the speed and direction of moving stimuli. At the apex of the ventral stream called the inferotemporal cortex, neurons became tuned to complex stimuli, such as faces. The specific tuning of intermediate neurons in the ventral stream is less clear, because the range of form variety that can be utilized for probing is nearly infinite. 
In the anterior part of the ventral stream, various regions appear to be tuned selectively to identify body parts (extrastriate body area), faces (fusiform face area), moving bodies (posterior superior temporal sulcus), or even scenes (parahippocampal place area). Neuronal tuning in these areas requires fine discrimination among complex patterns in each relevant category for object recognition. Recent findings suggest that this fine discrimination is a function of expertise and the individual level of categorization with stimuli. Specifically, work has been done by Gauthier "et al" (2001) to show fusiform face area (FFA) activation for birds in bird experts and cars in car experts when compared to the opposing stimuli. Gauthier "et al" (2002) also utilized a new class of objects called Greebles and trained people to recognize them at individual levels. After training, the FFA was tuned to distinguish between this class of objects as well as faces. Curran "et al" (2002) similarly trained people in a less structured class of objects called "blobs" and showed FFA selective activation for them. Overall, neurons can be tuned selectively discriminate between certain sets of stimuli that are experienced regularly in the world.
Tuning in Other Systems.
Neurons in other systems also become selectively tuned to stimuli. In the auditory system, different neurons may respond selectively to the frequency (pitch), amplitude (loudness), and/or complexity (uniqueness) of sounds. In the olfactory system, neurons may be tuned to certain kinds of smells. In the gustatory system, different neurons may respond selectively to different components of food: sweet, sour, salty, and bitter. In the somatosensory system, neurons may be selectively tuned to different types of pressure, temperature, bodily position, and pain. This tuning in the somatosensory system also provides feedback to the motor system so that it may selectively tune neurons to respond in specific ways to given stimuli. Finally, the encoding and storage of information in both short-term and long-term memory requires the tuning of neurons in complex ways such that information may be later retrieved.

</doc>
<doc id="2920041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920041" title="Peter Jackson (footballer born 1961)">
Peter Jackson (footballer born 1961)

Peter Allan Jackson (born 6 April 1961 in Bradford, England) is a football manager and former footballer. He has previously had two spells as Huddersfield Town manager, whom he helped win the Division Three play-off in 2004, and he has also managed Lincoln City, before taking charge at his former playing club Bradford City in 2011.
As a player, Jackson started his career with his hometown club Bradford City, where as the club's youngest ever captain, he lifted the Third Division title in 1985 on the day of the Bradford City stadium fire. He moved to top flight side Newcastle United before he returned to Bradford City. He played more than 300 games in total for City, before moving to Huddersfield Town and Chester City. He amassed a century of games for both of those before finishing his career with Halifax Town.
Playing career.
He played as a central defender for Bradford City, Newcastle United, Huddersfield Town, Chester City and Halifax Town, enjoying a strong rapport with most supporters and often was club captain. He also enjoyed rugby and played this as an amateur before moving to a solid central defender
In May 1985, Jackson collected the Division Three championship with Bradford City, but his day was to turn into a nightmare when 56 spectators were killed in a horrendous stand fire while playing Lincoln City. Jackson was a regular at funerals of spectators in the weeks that followed.
Jackson moved to Huddersfield Town in 1990. He became club-captain under Eoin Hand, Ian Ross and Neil Warnock, he was Reserve Team Coach, along with Kevin Blackwell, in 1993 at Huddersfield until the end of the 1993–94 season. He became a fans' favourite at Huddersfield Town and was included as such in the 2006 book "100 Fans' Favourites" written by Alisdair Straughan and published by Huddersfield Town for their Centenary. 
Jackson also features on website Who Are Ya?! as both a Bradford City and a Huddersfield Town icon.
He left Huddersfield for Chester in 1994.
Management career.
Huddersfield Town.
He returned to Huddersfield Town when they gave him the opportunity to become manager in October 1997 replacing Brian Horton, after spending a few weeks playing for neighbours Halifax Town and putting them on course for a return to the Football League. He was assisted at Huddersfield by former Welsh manager Terry Yorath. In his first two seasons in charge he helped Town avoid relegation, and helped them to 10th place in Division One. However he was controversially sacked by owner Barry Rubery in 1999 to make way for Steve Bruce.
Return to Huddersfield Town.
In 2003, he was re-appointed manager of a Huddersfield Town that had slid down to Division Three and were emerging from administration. In the 2003–04 season, Jackson put his faith in a squad containing promising young players. Town finished fourth to gain a place in the play-offs. Town eventually beat Mansfield Town on penalties in the play-off final to be promoted in Jackson's first season back. The 2004–05 season saw Town finished ninth, just missing out the play-off places for promotion to the Championship. Town had a great start to the 2005–06 campaign with Jackson winning Manager of the Month for August 2005 and after eventually finishing fourth and making the League One Play-Offs, they lost 3–2 to Barnsley on aggregate. On 18 May 2006, he signed a two-year extension to his contract that would have seen him managing the club until 2009.
Jackson was sent to the stands on 12 August 2006 after grabbing Bristol City's Lee Johnson around the throat in a touchline altercation 10 minutes from time in Huddersfield's 2–1 win over Bristol City. On 30 August 2006, it was announced that the Football Association would charge Jackson over the incident and Jackson said he would appeal against the charge. He lost the appeal, but was forced to pay £300, rather than serve a touchline ban.
On 6 March 2007, Jackson left Huddersfield with his contract cancelled by mutual consent. Jackson's last game in charge was a 5–1 defeat to Nottingham Forest on 3 March 2007. A statement from the board said: "The Board's clearly stated minimum aim at the start of the season was to achieve a Play-Off position, but unfortunately due to our form and the inability to attract key players, this objective is now looking remote." 
"Who needs Mourinho, when we've got Jacko."
Lincoln City.
On 30 October 2007, he was appointed as manager of League Two side Lincoln City who were bottom of the Football League. His first game in charge ended in a 1–0 home defeat to former club Chester City three days later, when he had a disagreement with the referee at the final whistle resulting in a touchline ban. In February 2008, he was diagnosed with throat cancer and announced that his treatment would commence in March. Lincoln won five of their six games in February to lift them clear of the relegation places and Jackson was named the League Two manager of the month. He was presented with his award in his final game before beginning treatment, when his side defeated Wycombe Wanderers 1–0 to lift them up to 14th in the table. In his absence, Lincoln were managed by Jackson's assistant Iffy Onuora, with assistance from Youth Team Coach Grant Brown. In June 2008, Jackson's doctors told him the treatment had been a success, but he will need regular check-ups until 2013, to ensure he does not relapse.
He returned to action and in January 2009 signed a new contract with Lincoln to keep him at the club until 2011.
After a 1–0 loss in a Football League Trophy game to Darlington on 1 September 2009, Lincoln City parted company with Peter Jackson along with assistant Iffy Onoura. The Lincoln board cited the club's poor home form over the previous season and poor start to the present season as reasons for their decision. Jackson applied to succeed his former teammate Stuart McCall at Bradford City, the club where he started his career. He was shortlisted for the vacancy but the board appointed Peter Taylor instead of Jackson.
In March 2010, he joined his wife Alison, as a director of home care franchise Caremark Calderdale which provides care at home for elderly and disabled people as well as people with terminal illnesses across Calderdale. The couple will run the franchise from the Elsie Whiteley Innovation Centre, Halifax.
Bradford City.
In February 2011, Jackson was appointed as the interim manager of former club Bradford City, on a week-to-week basis, with David Wetherall as his assistant, following the departure of Peter Taylor. Jackson later announced that his permanent assistant would be former Middlesbrough FC assistant manager, Colin Cooper. During the summer, Jackson was given the position of permanent manager on a one-year contract for the 2011–12 season. Cooper also signed a one-year contract to continue as Jackson's assistant. On 25 August 2011, Jackson offered his resignation to the club after a, "poor start to the season", and it was accepted.
Honours.
Player.
Bradford City
Chester City
Manager.
Huddersfield Town

</doc>
<doc id="2920043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920043" title="Ike Quebec">
Ike Quebec

Ike Quebec (August 17, 1918 – January 16, 1963) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist.
Critic Alex Henderson wrote, "Though he was never an innovator, Quebec had a big, breathy sound that was distinctive and easily recognizable, and he was quite consistent when it came to down-home blues, sexy ballads, and up-tempo aggression."
Biography.
Born Ike Abrams Quebec in Newark, New Jersey, and an accomplished dancer and pianist, he switched to tenor sax as his primary instrument in his early twenties, and quickly earned a reputation as a promising player. His recording career started in 1940, with the Barons of Rhythm. 
Later on, he recorded or performed with Frankie Newton, Hot Lips Page, Roy Eldridge, Trummy Young, Ella Fitzgerald, Benny Carter and Coleman Hawkins. Between 1944 and 1951, he worked intermittently with Cab Calloway. He recorded for Blue Note records in this era, and also served as a talent scout for the label (helping pianists Thelonious Monk and Bud Powell come to wider attention). Due to his exceptional sight reading skills, Quebec was also an uncredited impromptu arranger for many Blue Note sessions. 
Due in part to struggles with drug addiction (but also due to the fading popularity of big band music), Quebec recorded only sporadically during the 1950s, though he still performed regularly. He kept abreast on new developments in jazz, and his later playing incorporated elements of hard bop, bossa nova, and soul jazz. Quebec also occasionally recorded on piano, as on his 1961 "Blue & Sentimental" album, where he alternated between tenor and piano, playing the latter behind Grant Green's guitar solos.
In 1959 he began what amounted to a comeback with a series of albums on the Blue Note label. Blue Note executive Alfred Lion was always fond of Quebec's music, but was unsure how audiences would respond to the saxophonist after a decade of low visibility. In the mid-to-late 1950s, Blue Note issued a series of Quebec singles for the juke box market; audiences responded well, leading to a number of warmly-received albums. 
Quebec's comeback was cut short by his death from lung cancer.
Discography.
As sideman.
with Sonny Clark:
with Grant Green:
with Dodo Greene:
With Jimmy Smith

</doc>
<doc id="2920044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920044" title="Dorotheus">
Dorotheus

Dorotheus or Dorotheos is a male given name from Greek "Dōrótheos" (), meaning "God's Gift", from ("dōron"), "gift" + ("theós"), "god". Its feminine counterpart is "Dorothea", ("Dorothy"). Theodore means the same, with the root words in reverse order. The earliest form of the word is the Mycenaean Greek "do-ra", meaning "gifts", written in Linear B syllabic script; the feminine form "Theodora" is also attested in Linear B as , "te-o-do-ra".

</doc>
<doc id="2920046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920046" title="KV48">
KV48

Tomb KV48, is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt. It contained the burial of the noble Amenemopet called Pairy.
The tomb lay near KV35, the tomb of Amenhotep II, and was entered by a shaft that leads to a small chamber containing a destroyed burial of the eighteenth dynasty. The floor was covered in limestone chips and broken objects which included a mud seal from a papyrus and shattered coffin fragments.
The unwrapped and broken mummy of the owner of the tomb was found with three inscribed mud bricks and a number of ushabti giving the name of the tomb owner as Amenemopet.

</doc>
<doc id="2920048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920048" title="Small engine repair">
Small engine repair

Small engine repair is a vocational occupation that involves the maintenance and repair of small engines: low-power internal combustion engines (gasoline/petrol) or electric engines. Equipment repaired includes chain saws, string trimmers, leaf blowers, snow blowers, lawn mowers, wood chippers, go-karts and sometimes more powerful engines used in outboard motors, snowmobiles, and motorcycles. While often touted as a separate job by commercial vocational schools, it may also be a skill someone uses as part of a larger job, such as rancher or park ranger.

</doc>
<doc id="2920050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920050" title="Open All Night (TV series)">
Open All Night (TV series)

Open All Night is a situation comedy on ABC. It premiered on November 28, 1981, and ran until March 5, 1982. The show centered on Gordon Feester (George Dzundza) and his oddball family who lived and worked in a convenience store. It was somewhat based on the British series "Open All Hours". Jay Tarses was co-creator, writer, and director of the show.
Cassandra Peterson (better known for her Elvira persona) made a guest appearance on one episode. David Letterman also made a guest appearance, and made a sly reference to his daytime talk show, which was canceled a year before.

</doc>
<doc id="2920060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920060" title="Garrison's Gorillas">
Garrison's Gorillas

"Garrison's Gorillas" is an ABC TV series broadcast from 1967 to 1968; a total of 26 hour-long episodes were produced. It was inspired by the 1967 film "The Dirty Dozen", which featured a similar scenario of training Allied prisoners for World War II military missions.
"Garrison's Gorillas" was canceled at the close of its first season and replaced by "The Mod Squad" in 1968. It managed to gather a cult following in China in the 1980s.
Plot.
This action series focused on a motley group of commandos recruited from stateside prisons to use their special skills against the Germans in World War II. They had been promised a parole at the end of the war if they worked out. And if they lived. The alternative was an immediate return to prison. If they ran, they could expect execution for desertion. The four were: Actor (Cesare' Danova) a handsome, resonant-voiced con man; Casino (Rudy Solari), a tough, wiry safe-cracker and mechanic; Goniff (Christopher Cary) a slender, likable Cockney cat burglar; and Chief (Brendon Boone) a rugged, somber American Indian who handled a switchblade like he was born to it. His nomination for a 1968 Golden Globe, while much deserved, was disregarded by producers. Led by West Pointer First Lt. Craig Garrison (Ron Harper) and headquartered in a secluded mansion in England, this slippery group ranged all over Europe in exploits that often took them behind enemy lines. Other recruits were sometimes brought in where special skills were required. In the episode "Banker's Hours", Jack Klugman is recruited to help loot a vault. In "The Magnificant Forger" comedian Larry Storch turns in a solid dramatic performance as a con brought in to help 'doctor' a Gestapo list of American agents. And in the two-parter "War And Crime/Plot to Kill" a con played by Richard Kiley is recruited because he was a dead ringer for a German field marshal who was part of a plot to assassinate Hitler.
"TV Guide" reviewer Cleveland Amory said of the show in 1968 that despite it being ludicrously one-sided, a second-hand idea, and third degree violence, that it was a first rate show.
Spinoffs and tie-ins.
Dell Comics published a short-lived five issue comic book based on the series lasting from January 1968 to October 1969)
Two spin-off novels were written by Jack Pearl: the first a mass-market adult paperback published by Dell, called, simply GARRISON'S GORILLAS; the second aimed at the Young Adult (YA) market and published by Whitman, titled GARRISON'S GORILLAS AND THE FEAR FORMULA. Both are long out of print.
"Garrison's Gorillas" lasted one season only and was not a spinoff nor in any way related to the "Combat!" series which ran from 1962 through 1967. 

</doc>
<doc id="2920067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920067" title="Rosemary Kyburz">
Rosemary Kyburz

Rosemary Annette Kyburz (born 16 April 1944) Member of the Queensland State Parliament (1974–1983) as the Liberal Member for Salisbury.
Kyburz married fellow politician Rob Akers while in parliament, the first time sitting members had married each other. Another first was giving birth to her first son while a parliamentarian.
Kyburz was a well known supporter of feminist causes in 1970s Queensland politics. She and her husband both lost their seats in the 1983 Liberal Party electoral collapse after National Party Premier (Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen) characterised many of the Liberal Party members of his Coalition government as "ratbags". She later stated that she would prefer to lose her seat to a Labor Party candidate than a National: she received her wish, being defeated in 1983, shortly after giving birth, by Wayne Goss.
Kyburz was born Rosemary Annette Plim in Sydney, Australia, daughter of John Bruce and Zoe Rose Plim. She married her first husband, Rolf Kyburz in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="2920073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920073" title="Brian P. Stack">
Brian P. Stack

Brian P. Stack (born May 16, 1966) is an American Democratic Party politician who serves in the New Jersey Senate, where he represents the 33rd Legislative District and has also served as the Mayor of Union City, New Jersey since 2000. Prior to his election to the Senate, he served in the lower house of the New Jersey Legislature, the General Assembly from 2004 to 2008. He has been considered by PolitickerNJ to be one of the most powerful elected officials in Hudson County, New Jersey. In 2012 the "Hudson Reporter" named him #2 in its list of Hudson County's 50 most influential people, behind North Bergen mayor Nicholas Sacco. In 2013, he and Sacco were tied at #3, and in 2014 he was ranked #16.
Early life.
Brian P. Stack was born May 16, 1966 in Jersey City, New Jersey. At a young age he moved to Union City. Stack says he became involved in politics through his mother, Margaret. As Stack explained to a reporter when he was 19, "I remember when I was about 6 or 7 years old being at the Doric Temple polling place on election day just sitting and listening to the local politicians. I would probably say I dedicated my high school years to politics when I guess I should have been more into school activities. My classmates would call me 'mayor'. But I always believed it's vitally important for young people to get involved. We are the future." 
Stack graduated from Emerson High School. He attended Jersey City State College, graduating with an M.A. in criminal justice.
Career.
Early career.
Stack began volunteering on campaigns for William Musto as a young boy, and was present at age 16 at Musto's sentencing for racketeering and fraud. Musto's conviction shocked many in the community that believed he was wrongly accused. and Stack and his family corresponded with Musto while the latter served time in federal prison. Stack would later honor Musto by naming the William V. Musto Cultural Center on 15th Street after his former mentor. Stack also continued his involvement in politics through his criticism of the administration of Mayor Arthur Wichert.
Stack served as an aide in the 33rd Legislative District office from 1983 to 1984 and from 1986 to 1988. He also became a tenant advocate in 1985. In Union City, he served as an administrative assistant to the Commissioner of Parks and Public Property from 1986 to 1990, and as Deputy Director of Public Affairs from 1995 to 1996.
As mayor and state legislator.
Stack later rose to prominence as the leader of a civic organization called Union City First, and for his public criticism of the administration of Mayor Rudy Garcia. Stack served as a Commissioner from 1997 to 1998, and was appointed to replace Garcia as mayor in October 2000, after Garcia resigned in the face of Stack's call for a recall election. Stack was elected unopposed to the Board of Commissioners in a special election in November 2001 and in May 2002 he and his ticket for the city's Board of Commissioners all ran unopposed. Stack simultaneously won the 7th District seat on the Hudson County Board of Chosen Freeholders, where he served from 2000 until his swearing-in to the Assembly in 2004. Stack relinquished his Freeholder position when he was sworn-in to the New Jersey State Assembly on January 13, 2004. Stack was reelected in 2005 and served in the Assembly until 2007.
Stack was reelected Mayor on May 9, 2006, winning 9,058 votes, 85% of the vote, compared to the 1,647 votes won by his opponent, Little Ferry Superintendent of Schools Frank Scarafile.
In 2007, Stack ran for the New Jersey Senate in the primary election for the Senate seat held by retiring State Senator Bernard Kenny, with a team of eight other 33rd District Assembly candidates vying for nine legislative seats, under the banner Democrats for Hudson County. Their main opposition was the Hudson County Democratic Organization (HCDO), which was headed by West New York Mayor and then-33rd Legislative District Assembly member Silverio Vega. On June 5, 2007, Stack won the primary, beating his opponents by a wide margin of 18,213 votes to Vega's 5,582, though only three of the candidates in Stack's column, including himself, were victorious. Stack and running mates Ruben Ramos and Caridad Rodriguez subsequently swept the state Senate and state Assembly in the November 6, 2007 general election. He has served in the Senate since January 8, 2008. Stack was reelected on November 8, 2011, garnering 18,244 votes over opponent Beth Hamburger's 2,815 votes.
Stack represents the 33rd District, one of the 40 districts in the New Jersey Legislature, each of which has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives serving in the legislature alongside Stack from the 33rd District for the 2012-2013 Legislative Session are Assemblyman Ruben J. Ramos and Assemblyman Sean Connors.
Stack simultaneously holds a seat in the New Jersey Senate and as Mayor. This dual position, often called double dipping, is allowed under a grandfather clause in the state law enacted by the New Jersey Legislature and signed into law by Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine in September 2007 that prevents dual-office-holding but allows those who had held both positions as of February 1, 2008, to retain both posts.
Since his first years as mayor, Stack has focused on quality of life issues in Union City, in particular that which was affected by local bars violating liquor licenses for noise and selling alcohol to minors. His initiative to change the mandatory closing time for bars from 3 am to 2 am gained support from local police and city residents, despite opposition from local tavern owners.
In the Assembly, Stack served on the Regulated Professions and Independent Authorities Committee (as Vice Chair), the Transportation and Public Works Committee and the Joint Legislative Committee on Public School Funding Reform. Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. Stack represented the 33rd Legislative District together with Senator Bernard Kenny. The district's other Assembly seat was at that time held by Silverio Vega.
Stack and his commissioners were re-elected in a landslide victory on May 11, 2010, over Vision 4 Union City's slate of candidates, headed by recurring opponent Frank Scarafile. Stack won nearly 11,000 votes to Scarafile's nearly 1,200, with Stack's slate, which includes Tilo Rivas, Lucio Fernandez, Maryury Martinetti and Christopher Irizarry, registering a combined total of between 85% and 90% of the vote. Stack and Scarafile, who criticized his opponent for his level of involvement and control in matters he contends are outside the legislative role of mayor, such as board appointments and school hiring, are embroiled in mutual lawsuits over negative campaign literature distributed by Scarafile in December 2009.
Stack has been noted to employ various methods to make himself available to Union City citizens, such as widely publicizing his cell phone number. Since 2000, Stack has spent a few dates each quarter away from City Hall in a "mobile office" tent that is set up at various locations in Union City in order for people who do not have easy access to City Hall to see him. According to Stack, whereas he sees approximately 350 to 400 people a week at City Hall, his mobile office attracts upwards of 300 people a day. Stack, who employs a translator to communicate with Spanish-only speakers, is frequently asked by citizens for assistance in matters such as housing and employment. In July 2010, Stack increased his mobile office appearances to a monthly basis. Among the activities sponsored by his organization, the Brian Stack Civic Association, are annual delivery of free turkeys to the needy and free public Thanksgiving dinners.
In September 2010, as controversy arose over the Park51 project in Lower Manhattan, Feisal Rauf, the imam in charge of that project, came under scrutiny by Stack's administration over problems faced by a number of rental properties Rauf owns in Hudson County, including four in Union City, which residents complained had fallen into disrepair, with cited problems including lack of heat, rats, bed bug infestations, and inoperable fire alarms and sprinklers. Stack, who criticized Rauf as a "slumlord", announced the creation of a Quality of Life Task Force that would identify buildings in need of renovations, and filed suit against Rauf to have his properties placed into receivership. Some Union City residents, however, questioned why the timing of these actions against Rauf's properties did not become an issue in New York City and the national media, and why the long-standing problems faced by these properties were not addressed until the larger controversy over Park51 came to light, particularly given that Stack became mayor in 2000.
Stack and his four-member Board of Commissioners are running unopposed for reelection in the May 2014 election. Stack and the commissioners were reelected on May 13, with over 9,000 votes. Their new term begins that July.
Political positions.
Despite support for the Federal Marriage Amendment by a number of Hudson County clergy leaders, Stack was an advocate of New Jersey's same-sex civil union law. The law, which was signed by governor Jon Corzine on December 21, 2006, and went into effect February 19, 2007, grants same-sex couples the same legal protections and benefits of marriage. Said Stack, 
Commenting on opposition to the bill, Stack explained, 
Controversies.
Campaign controversy.
Stack and the Union City police were the subject of controversy in July 2005 when it was discovered that Stack had received two campaign contributions totalling $3,500 from Luisa Medrano, a tavern owner indicted on 31 counts for running an illegal immigrant smuggling ring out of her two Bergenline Avenue taverns, El Puerto de la Union II in Union City, and El Paisano Bar and Nightclub in Union City. Both taverns are no longer in operation. Medrano was accused of smuggling young women from Honduras, forcing them to work in bars for little money to pay off their smuggling debts, often incurring physical, emotional and sexual abuse during the operation. Stack responded by asserting that he does not accept contributions from bars and establishments, and explained that " used her name and address in Fairview. We make it practice of not accepting donations from bar owners or establishments, and we do not accept cash." Stack pointed out that Medrano's establishments were not mentioned on the form with which she made the donations, and that he decided to donate the money to the Battered Women's Shelter of Hudson County once the donations were revealed, claiming that in addition to not being aware of the source of the money, he was unaware of the illicit activities going on in the bars. Stack also defended the Union City Police, who are assigned to watch the taverns for quality of life reasons, and who incurred criticism for their apparent ignorance of the goings-on in the taverns, on the same basis, arguing that they only patrolled the streets, but did not enter the taverns when they did so, and thus, could not see what occurred in them.
Some critics remained skeptical of Stack's position, such as then-Republican candidate for Assembly Richard Valdes, who said, "I challenge Assemblyman and Mayor Brian Stack to disclose the nature of his relationship and questionable campaign contributions from Medrano." Stack responded that he never met Medrano until a fundraiser held a year earlier, saying that Medrano was stopped at the door and was turned away from contributing to the event. Valdes also questioned the acceptance, by Stack’s campaign committee, of $5,000 from Union City truck driver David Lopez, who had sold a vacant Union City lot to the Jersey City School Construction Corporation for $1.48 million, after Lopez had already gotten zoning approval and began advertisement for condominiums to be built on it. Stack also stated that he was unaware of that donation, that it was donated to the PERC Homeless Shelter, and that Valdes’ comments were political-motivated.
Daycare funds subpoena.
On March 26, 2007, Stack was one of three legislators subpoenaed regarding the disbursement of at least two $100,000 grants that went to the Union City Day Care, which is headed by Stack's estranged wife, Katia, and partially government funded. The subpoena was based on a complain by Republican activist Steve Lonegan, who filed 36 conflict of interest complaints against state legislators. A state ethics panel cleared Stack in late November 2009, ruling unanimously that Brian Stack did not benefit from the grants, and that there was no conflict of interest.
Influence on local boards.
In 2007, Stack was accused of developer Ralph Lieber of political favoritism in zoning and building approvals, alleging that Stack influenced the zoning board into voting against a residential building that Lieber wished to build on his property because he was not a political favorite of Stack's. Lieber sued the city for $4 million, later settling out of court for an undisclosed amount.
Private use of municipal vehicles.
In January 2011, Stack was criticized in one of Arnold Díaz's "Shame Shame Shame" segments for WNYW Fox 5 for allowing the use of city-owned vehicles by his ex-wife, Katia Stack. Katia is the director of The Union City Day Care Program, a private organization with a $6 million budget, and was assigned by Mayor Stack a car owned by the Union City Police Department, as well as free gas and insurance. The Day Care Program also has at least one other public vehicle. In addition, Díaz reported that the day care center itself does not pay any rent for the city building in which it is housed. Stack stated that his administration did nothing wrong, and that the center's housing and vehicle status was initiated before he became mayor in 2000, but according to Díaz, WNYW did not receive requested documentation of this fact. Díaz states that the car Katia Stack had been using had been returned to the police department parking lot after their investigation began, and that she reimbursed the city for the cost of gas and insurance.
Stack again came under Díaz's scrutiny in February 2013 for the free van rides that residents of the luxury high-rise Troy Towers in Union City are given to Hoboken Terminal, a service that began a few months prior, as indicated in a letter residents of that building received from Stack. The city van, which is normally used to transport seniors, picks up residents three times every weekday morning at the Troy Towers, despite the fact that a public bus stops there as well. Joseph Blaettler, a former Deputy Police Chief of Union City and Mayor Stack's former police liaison, who previously provided information to WNYW for the January 2011 report, criticized Stack for the van rides, accusing Stack of using them to curry favor with Troy Towers voters. Emilio del Valle, a member of the advocacy group Union City Concerned Citizens, also criticized Stack for the taxpayer-funded service, which del Valle said was not needed. When interviewed, Stack stated that he was not attempting to buy the tower residents' votes, but provides the service because they are the largest taxpayers in the city, and that the van service is given to Union City citizen who requests transportation to the terminal, doctor's appointments, etc., and that the citizenry is made aware of this. Díaz countered that the van driver's statements did not support this, nor did WNYW's surveillance of the van, which yielded no instances when it picked up at other locations, nor its interviews with low-income citizens who received no similar letter, and expressed ignorance of the service. According to Díaz, because Union City is classified as a fiscally distressed city, it receives $10 million a year in state aid, and Stack says that the van does not cost the city anything. However, Blaettler questions who pays for the cost of gas, insurance and the driver, who despite Stack's statement, says he is not the same driver who transports seniors during the van's normal operation. Díaz also points out that the service continued even after Hoboken Terminal was closed in October 2012 due to flooding caused by Hurricane Sandy, and placed Stack in the program's Hall of Shame for "abusing his power".

</doc>
<doc id="2920077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920077" title="Soldier of Orange">
Soldier of Orange

Soldier of Orange ( fɑn oˈrɑɲə) is a 1977 Dutch film directed by Paul Verhoeven and produced by Rob Houwer, starring Rutger Hauer and Jeroen Krabbé. The film is set around the German occupation of the Netherlands during World War II, and shows how individual students have different roles in the war. The story is based on the autobiographic book "Soldaat van Oranje" by Erik Hazelhoff Roelfzema.
The film had a budget of ƒ 5,000,000 (€2,300,000), at the time the most expensive Dutch movie ever. With 1,547,183 viewers, it was the most popular Dutch film of 1977. The film received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Foreign Language Film in 1980. 
Plot.
The film is about a group of students from Leiden, the Netherlands, amongst them Erik Lanshof (Rutger Hauer), Guus LeJeune (Jeroen Krabbé), Jan Weinberg (), and Alex (Derek de Lint). Robby Froost () is a friend of Erik, and Esther (Belinda Meuldijk) is Robby's girlfriend. Each of them follow a different path and therefore have a different role in World War II, either as a collaborator or in the resistance. Part of the story is set in London, where Queen Wilhelmina () has residence. The students Erik and Guus fight alongside Colonel Rafelli (Edward Fox) and soldier Susan (Susan Penhaligon) of the allied forces in London.
The film begins with a flashforward in the form of a newsreel with a voice-over. Queen Wilhelmina is accompanied by Erik arriving in the Netherlands from London shortly after World War II. After the newsreel, the film starts in the late 1930s in Leiden, where freshmen undergo the humiliation of the initiation rites of their fraternity. Erik is picked out by Guus, the chair of the fraternity, who throws a bowl of soup over his head and injures him with the bowl. After this accident, Guus apologises to Erik, the two become close friends, and Guus offers him a room in his private student house in the centre of Leiden. In this house, the students (Erik, Guus, Jacques, Jan, and Alex) have a drink which confirms their new friendships.
In September 1939, an English radio broadcasting interrupts the students in a tennis match and announces the declaration of war by the United Kingdom against Germany. In the beginning, the students seem to take things lightly believing that the Netherlands will probably remain neutral as in World War I. Jan, who is a Jew, and also Alex, who has a German mother, immediately join the Dutch army. In May 1940, Germany invades the Netherlands and Erik and Guus try to join the army, too, but they are not accepted by a traumatised army officer. Shortly thereafter, the Netherlands capitulates due to the Rotterdam Blitz. Erik has an affair with Esther.
Robby has a radio transmitter in his garden shed from where he contacts the Dutch resistance in London. He arranges for Erik to take a flight to London. The Jewish Jan, student and boxing champion, gets into trouble by fighting with two anti-Semitic collaborators, who were bullying a Jewish salesman. Because of this, Erik offers his place on the airplane to Jan. However, during the pickup they get into a fight with Nazi soldiers, and Jan gets captured. Erik is able to escape.
When Erik meets Alex during a military parade, he finds out Alex is now fighting on the German side for the SS. Later, Erik is also captured. In prison, he hears from Jan that a man called Van der Zanden is the traitor in London. Jan is executed. Robby's radio installation is discovered, and he is blackmailed by the Gestapo to cooperate as a spy, because his fiancée Esther is a Jew.
Erik and Guus try to flee to London again, this time successfully on a Swiss boat. In London, Erik meets Van der Zanden (modelled after general ) and tries to kill him, but he appears not to be a traitor but head of the Dutch Central Intelligence Service and a trustee of the Dutch Queen. Guus has an affair with a British soldier Susan. Erik and Guus agree with the Queen to pick up some resistance leaders who could play an important role in the Netherlands after the war. Guus is dropped on the beach and tricks himself into a party nearby. Now, Erik has an affair with Susan.
Erik comes back to the Netherlands to pick up Guus and the resistance leaders. However, Robby is with them on the beach and the Germans have followed the group who are about to escape by sea. Erik tries to warn them about Robby but cannot reach them. On his way to the beach, Erik runs into Alex at a Nazi party and dances ballroom tango with him. Erik is able to flee the party onto the beach and meets the others. When Robby realises that Erik knows about his collaboration, he fires a light signal and flees. The group tries to escape, but the resistance leaders are killed. Guus escapes swimming into the sea, but only Erik is able to reach the British ship and returns to London and to Susan.
Another day, Guus meets Robby and shoots him in the middle of the street. Guus gets caught and is beheaded later. In Russia, Alex is killed in a latrine by a hand grenade thrown by a boy whom he had insulted earlier when he begged him for food. Erik becomes an RAF pilot and drops bombs over Germany.
Later Erik is appointed assistant to the Dutch Queen Wilhelmina, and accompanies her back to the Netherlands after the war, as shown in the newsreel in the beginning of the film. In the end, Erik meets Esther and finds that Dutch citizens have cut her hair short in anger of her and Robby's collaboration with the Nazis. She says she bears no grudge against anyone for this. Finally, Erik celebrates the end of the war with one of his fellow students, Jacques ten Brinck, who also survived the war.
Awards.
The film won the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Foreign Film in 1979. One year later, in 1980, it received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Foreign Language Film, but the French-Italian film "La Cage aux Folles" won the award.
In the election for best Dutch film of the twentieth century at the Netherlands Film Festival in 1999 "Soldier of Orange" reached the second place, right after another Paul Verhoeven film "Turkish Delight".
The film was selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 50th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Musical.
On October 30, 2010 the Soldier of Orange musical premiered in the Netherlands. It is shown in a special theatre converted from an old hangar at the former Valkenburg Air Base in Katwijk. Instead of having the sets changing on the stage the area where the audience sits revolves to different stages (using a system named SceneAround), which include a set with a recreated beach and an artificial sea and a set containing a real Douglas DC-3 Dakota plane.

</doc>
<doc id="2920080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920080" title="2004 National League Division Series">
2004 National League Division Series

The 2004 National League Division Series (NLDS), the opening round of the 2004 National League playoffs, began on Tuesday, October 5, and ended on Monday, October 11, with the champions of the three NL divisions—along with a "wild card" team—participating in two best-of-five series. They were:
"The higher seed (in parentheses) had the home field advantage. Although the team with the best record was normally intended to play the wild card team, the Cardinals played the Dodgers, rather than the wild card Astros, because the Cardinals and Astros are in the same division."
The St. Louis Cardinals and Houston Astros went on to meet in the NL Championship Series (NLCS). The Cardinals became the National League champion, and lost to the American League champion Boston Red Sox in the 2004 World Series.
St. Louis vs. Los Angeles.
Game 1, October 5.
Busch Stadium (II) in St. Louis, Missouri
Odalis Pérez faced Woody Williams in Game 1. Albert Pujols got the Cardinals started with a solo homer to make it 1–0 in the first. Then in the third, Perez reached his limit after surrendering five two-out runs. Larry Walker's solo homer made it 2–0. Then Edgar Rentería doubled in two runs before scoring on Jim Edmonds's two-run homer—that made it 6–0 Cardinals. And Mike Matheny homered to make it 7–0 in the fourth. Kiko Calero and Ray King followed Williams' six solid innings with a perfect seventh and eighth. Jason Isringhausen closed out the game after allowing a home run in the ninth.
Game 2, October 7.
Busch Stadium (II) in St. Louis, Missouri
Jeff Weaver faced Jason Marquis in Game 2. The Dodgers gave Weaver a lead when Jayson Werth homered in the first to make it 1–0. But Weaver's luck would start to run out in the second. His error allowed the Cardinals to tie the game and set up Tony Womack for a big triple that gave the Cardinals the lead. Then he would score on Larry Walker's double. The Cardinals now had a 3–1 lead. But back-to-back homers by the Dodgers to lead off the fourth tied the game. Marquis was removed in favor of Cal Eldred. With Weaver still pitching in the fifth, the Cards put up three runs, the final two driven in by Mike Matheny's RBI hit. Matheny would also come through in the seventh with another two-run hit. The Cardinals' solid bullpen held the Dodgers as they cruised to another 8–3 win.
Game 3, October 9.
Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California
With time running out, the Dodgers called on José Lima for Game 3. Opposing him would be Matt Morris. Both pitchers kept the game quiet until the third. The Dodgers would take the lead for only the second time in the series with a two-run double by Steve Finley. Then Shawn Green followed with a leadoff homer in the fourth. Lima would keep the Cardinals silent all night and Green would homer once again the sixth to make it 4–0. Lima would pitch a complete-game five-hit shutout to give the Dodgers their first postseason win since the clinching Game 5 of the 1988 World Series.
Game 4, October 10.
Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California
All the momentum the Dodgers might have had disappeared in Game 4. Jeff Suppan faced Odalis Pérez and Jayson Werth would strike against Suppan with a one-out homer in the first to make it 1–0 Dodgers. But Reggie Sanders would homer as well to tie the game in the second. Then a base hit by Edgar Rentería gave the Cardinals the lead in the third. But the Dodgers would tie the game on a sac fly by Adrián Beltré. However, Wilson Álvarez would face Albert Pujols with two men on in the fourth and surrender a three-run homer to give the Cardinals a commanding 5–2 lead. Then Pujols would single home Larry Walker to give the Cardinals a 6–2 lead in the seventh. That marked the end for the Dodgers as Alex Cora struck out to end the series in the ninth.
Composite line score.
2004 NLDS (3–1): St. Louis Cardinals over Los Angeles Dodgers
Atlanta vs. Houston.
Game 1, October 6.
Turner Field in Atlanta, Georgia
Roger Clemens faced Jaret Wright in Game 1. Clemens would allow a run to score in the bottom of the first on Johnny Estrada's sac fly. Wright cruised through the first two inning but ran into trouble in the third. Brad Ausmus's leadoff homer tied the game and after two quick outs, Carlos Beltrán singled. Jeff Bagwell followed with the go-ahead double. Then Lance Berkman homered to put the Astros up 4–1. In the fifth, the Astros got two more on Beltrán's two-run homer to make it 6–1. The bullpen gave way and allowed yet another run to make it 7–1. But the Braves would scratch out runs in the fifth and sixth on a homer by Andruw Jones and an RBI groundout by Marcus Giles. But no more could be done against the Astros as they tacked on two more to win Game 1, 9–3.
Game 2, October 7.
Turner Field in Atlanta, Georgia
The Astros jumped off to an early 2–0 lead off Braves starter Mike Hampton thanks to two solo homers by Jeff Bagwell in the first and Raul Chavez in the third. Hampton would leave in the seventh with an injured arm having allowed only two runs. In the seventh, Astros starter Roy Oswalt, who was working on a shutout, began to falter as he allowed a pinch-hit double to DeWayne Wise. Then Rafael Furcal would single him home to make it 2–1. In a bizarre incident, the Astros' bullpen phone stopped working and someone had to check the status of their relievers. It caused a delay that Braves manager Bobby Cox protested. This occurred after Oswalt gave up his only run of the game. The bullpen would save the inning and the game remained 2–1 until the bottom of the eighth. Then Adam LaRoche would tie the game with an RBI double with the Astros five outs away from taking a commanding 2–0 lead in the series. As the game moved to extra innings, Charles Thomas would single with one out in the bottom of the eleventh. After Eli Marrero struck out, Thomas stole second. Then Rafael Furcal would hit a game-winning two-run homer to tie the series at one game apiece.
Game 3, October 9.
Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas
John Thomson faced Brandon Backe in Game 3. Thomson would leave the game in the first with a strained muscle on his left side after surrendering a double and a walk with one out. Paul Byrd came on in relief and got out of the inning. But in the third, Carlos Beltrán put the Astros on top with a two-run homer. In the fourth, the Braves issued their response with a homer from Johnny Estrada and an RBI hit by Byrd. The game was now tied at two. The Astros, however, would waste little time in taking back the lead. Jeff Kent would hit an RBI double off the scoreboard and would later score on Morgan Ensberg's RBI hit. It was now 4–2 Astros and Byrd was gone. Against Antonio Alfonseca in the bottom of the sixth, the Astros put two men on and Alfonseca would leave in favor of Tom Martin. He could do little to stop the rally as three runs would score and he could record no outs. It was now 7–2 Astros. Then a sac fly in the seventh by Mike Lamb made it 8–2. But the Braves would not go quietly. The Braves would put their first two men on in the eighth and, after two strikeouts, Andruw Jones hit a three-run homer to cut the lead in half. But Brad Lidge would hold down the opposition in the ninth for the win.
Game 4, October 10.
Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas
With their backs to the wall in Game 4, the Braves sent Russ Ortiz to the mound to face the Roger Clemens. The Braves would get off to a good start with a two-run second inning thanks to three straight hits to open the inning. But the Astros would strike back against Ortiz. They would put two men on for the face of the Astros franchise, Craig Biggio. He would then hit a three-run homer to give the Astros a 4–2 lead. Then Carlos Beltrán would double and score to make it 5–2 Astros. Behind Clemens, the Astros were closing in on their first ever postseason series win. But Clemens left the game in favor of Chad Qualls. However, Qualls would surrender the lead when he gave up a three-run homer to Adam LaRoche to tie the game in the sixth. The game was now tied and the life was sucked out of the crowd. The game remained 5–5 until the ninth when the Braves would take the lead thanks to J.D. Drew's RBI single. But the Astros would put the winning run on for Jeff Kent. But John Smoltz would get Kent to ground into a double play to send the series back to Atlanta.
Game 5, October 11.
Turner Field in Atlanta, Georgia
Roy Oswalt took on Jaret Wright in the clinching Game 5. In the top of the second, the Astros took a 2–0 lead on a groundout and a sac fly. Then Carlos Beltrán homered in the third to make it 3–0. But the Braves brought the game back to life with a pair of homers by Rafael Furcal and Johnny Estrada in the fifth. But Beltrán's second homer in the sixth made it 4–2. When Chris Reitsma took the mound in the seventh, the Astros were able to put the series away with a five-run explosion. The most notable hit was Jeff Bagwell's two-run homer. And in the eighth the Astros added insult to injury with three more runs, an inning capped by Beltrán's two-run single. Dan Wheeler would come on the shut the door on the Braves in the ninth. Chipper Jones's flyout to left gave the Astros the win in Game 5 and gave them their first ever postseason series win. After 43 years and multiple losses to the Braves in the playoffs, the Astros exorcised the demons and moved on to the NLCS.
Composite line score.
2004 NLDS (3–2): Houston Astros over Atlanta Braves

</doc>
<doc id="2920081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920081" title="Douarnenez">
Douarnenez

Douarnenez, (), is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
It lies at the mouth of the Pouldavid estuary on the southern shore of Douarnenez Bay in the Atlantic Ocean, (15 miles) north-west of Quimper. The population in 1999 was 15,827, a decrease over previous counts. It still has fish canning facilities (sardines and mackerel) although sardine fishing, for which the town became famous, has fallen off in recent years. Increasingly, Douarnenez has become an attraction for tourists, not only in view of its pleasant location and warm climate but because of its marinas, its maritime museum, its regattas and its sandy beaches. The island of Tristan off Douarnenez has a mysterious past, linked as it is to the legend of Tristan and Iseult.
History.
The legendary city of Ys, of Breton folklore, is believed to lie beneath Douarnenez Bay. The port is also associated with the medieval story of Tristan, lover of Iseult, for whom Tristan Island is named. The island was originally named St Tutuarn Island after the priory founded there in the 12th century. Douarnenez has several 16th and 17th-century churches, including the Church of Ploaré, which has a Gothic steeple (1548–86), and the chapels of Sainte-Croix, Sainte-Hélène, and Saint-Michel.
The commune.
The written history of Douarnenez begins around 1118 when, according to a charter dated 1126, Robert de Locuvan, bishop of Cornouaille, donated the Island of St Tutuarn and the lands belonging to it to the Abbey of Marmoutier. As a result, a priory was built on the island. In the 14th century, the island became known as Tristan. The hamlet which grew up at today's Port of Rosmeur was originally part of the parish of Ploaré. It did not become a commune in its own right until 1790. In 1945, Douarnenez was expanded to include Ploaré, Pouldavid and Tréboul.
The fishing port.
The fishing history of Douarnenez goes back to Gallo-Roman times when, as archeological finds demonstrate, fish were salted along the cliffs of Plomarc'h. In the years before the French revolution, sardines became the driving force for the local economy, culminating in huge fishing and canning activities at the beginning of the twentieth century. The strikes in the 1920s in favour of better working conditions for the factory women or "Penn Sardin" were the main reason why Douarnenez became one of the first communist municipalities in France. Today, the canning trade continues although most of the fish are brought in from other ports. Douarnenez is still a centre of boat building and repair work.
The old railways.
Douarnenez owes much of its prosperity and expansion to its old railways which provided services for passengers and goods from the end of the nineteenth century. From the railway station at the centre of Tréboul, the SNCF operated a service to Quimper. The route began operations in 1884 but passenger trains were discontinued in 1972 while goods traffic continued until the final closure in 1988. The old line has now been converted into an cycling and walking track, providing an excellent means of discovering the surrounding countryside.
There was also another train out of Douarnenez, the so-called "Youtar" a small-gauge railway to Audierne via Pont-Croix. Inaugurated in 1894, it was initially shut down in 1936 but was reopened during the Second World War until it finally closed in 1946. The old track between Audierne and Pont-Croix has been converted into a footpath along the River Goyen.
Douarnenez today.
The town centre is located at the top of a peninsula separating the Port of Rosmeur on the eastern side from Port Rhu to the west. The steep, narrow cobbled streets which climb up to the town have changed little over the past century, revealing a wide range of places of interest, including old chapels, the "Halles" or covered market and unspoilt houses once inhabited by local fishermen.
The main square is not only the site of the local market but is the focus of shopping, banking and the local economy. There are a number of hotels and restaurants here as well as the post office and the tourist office.
Perhaps the most picturesque part of the town is the road along the sea front at the Port of Rosmeur which is lined with cafés and restaurants specialising in seafood.
The commercial harbour, including some of the fish processing and canning facilities, is at the northern end of the peninsula, as is historic Tristan Island which can be accessed on foot at low tide. The "Plage des Dames", a quiet sandy beach surrounded by rocky cliffs, is also in this area.
Port Rhu is famous not only for its boat cemetery but for its Port-Musée or Museum Port where it is possible to walk around a number of fishing vessels dating back to the early 20th century. It includes an innovative indoor museum with exhibits on the sea, its history and its challenges.
Tréboul, situated on the other side of the estuary, also has a harbour for pleasure boats, lined with cafés and creperies. "Les Sables blancs", a wide, sandy beach, is one of the main attractions.
Population.
Sport and activities.
Douarnenez is a haven for water sports enthusiasts, and there are lots of exciting possibilities within this genre for you to try. For those who prefer to stay out of the water, there is horse-riding, tennis, walking, cycling, petanque and even golf all within a short distance of the town.[http://www.frenchpropertylinks.com/brittany/finistere/douarnenez.htm]
Local culture and events.
Since 1986, Douarnenez has organised maritime festivals once every two years, bringing together all types of traditional sailing, with competitors from the four corners of the earth. In 2004, a record year, there were almost 2000 sailing ships, 17,000 sailors and 30 participating countries.
Each year, Douarnenez has a full programme of festivals and events including regattas, local folklore, cinema, carnaval processions, gastronomy and sports. Details are available from the local tourist office. Tourism continues to prosper in Douarnenez with 91,400 visitors in 2009 representing an increase of 2.87% since 2005.
There has been a revival of Breton culture in recent years typified by the Bagad de Douarnenez, a Breton music association with bagpipes and other local instruments. The Douarnenez film festival also owes much to the Breton revival, dealing as it does with films from minorities.
The Bretons and their culture.
The Bretons came over from south-west Britain in the 4th to 6th centuries, bringing their language and culture. This explains why Breton, a Brythonic language, bears great similarities to the Cornish language and to Welsh. Many of the traditional stories and myths also share a Breton-Cornish heritage. There are now very few, if any, native speakers of Breton who are not fully bilingual in French although there were still several hundreds of thousands at the beginning of the 20th century. Today, there has been a revival with several Breton-language schools in Finistère as well as Breton radio and TV stations, bookshops, local theatre and music. It is estimated that over 500,000 people are now fluent in Breton.
Breton language.
The municipality launched a linguistic plan through Ya d'ar brezhoneg on December 22, 2004.
In 2008, 7.97% of primary-school children attended bilingual schools.
Gastronomy.
One of the main attractions in Douarnenez is the large number of usually quite small restaurants and "crêperies" around the town. Most specialise in seafood, usually offering fish soup, shellfish, crab, lobster, prawns, sardines, mussels and the catch of the day. Not to be forgotten is Douarnenez's buttery cake, kouign amann, which has now become famous throughout France and beyond. As for drinks, Breton cider can be drunk either alone or in wikt:kir breton, a cocktail consisting of cider and cassis.
At the covered market or "les Halles", open every morning, there is always a wide variety of fresh fish and seafood as well as a selection of crêpes or thin pancakes which can be eaten with either sweet or savory fillings. And last but not least, the local canning factories continue to produce an ever more extensive range of sardines which are on sale everywhere.
Transport and access.
Douarnenez is about five and a half hours' drive from Paris via Rennes, Lorient and Quimper. Quimper is also the best destination for air and rail connections to the region.
There are regular bus connections between Quimper and Douarnenez, taking about 35 minutes. From Quimper, there are high-speed trains to Paris (4 hours) and to other parts of France.
Quimper airport, about 20 minutes by taxi from Douarnenez, has flights to Paris while Brest airport connects to Paris, Lyon, Birmingham, Southampton and other destinations.
It is, of course, also possible to reach Douarnenez by sea although there are no regular passenger services. Those arriving by pleasure boat will find berthing facilities in Douarnenez.
There is a ferry service from Plymouth to Roscoff, less than two hours from Douarnenez by road.
Douarnenez has a number of municipal bus routes.
Sights.
One of the best ways of visiting Douarnenez is to follow the Sardine Route or Chemin de la Sardine, a walk through the town based on 19 panels (in French, English and Breton) at key points along the route explaining the history of the town with special emphasis on the sardine trade.
In the summer, there are also boat trips from Douarnenez around the bay with views of the sea caves on the north coast. The best way to see the caves themselves is to take a boat trip from Crozon which actually takes you inside the caves.
At low tide, it is possible to walk across to Tristan Island which is now increasingly open to the public. The island has several attractions including a harbour, a lighthouse, a walled garden, an orchard and an art gallery.
The surrounding area.
The coast itself stretching westwards to the Pointe du Raz and northwards to Crozon is best visited on foot. There are signposted footpaths which will lead you to all the rocky inlets and headlands, providing breathtaking views of the emerald sea. There are also a number of long, sandy beaches to the east of Douarnenez.
A particularly attractive spot is Locronan, only a few kilometres from Douarnenez, which is a beautifully preserved Breton village with a number of interesting monuments.
Last but not least, the historic city of Quimper has a great deal to offer: historic buildings, narrow streets, porcelain factories and the hustle and bustle of the city centre.
Climate.
Douarnenez enjoys a mild, if rather wet climate. The prevailing winds are from the south west, bringing fairly frequent periods of light rain, particularly in the winter months. The summer months are much drier with temperatures averaging about and sometimes climbing above . It rarely freezes in winter and there is practically no snow. As a result, palm trees can be found in parks and gardens. In February and March, mimosa trees are in full blossom. There are strong tides, particularly in the spring. Winds blowing in from the Atlantic occasionally reach gale force. Details, including past averages, are available from Météo France.

</doc>
<doc id="2920086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920086" title="Icebox">
Icebox

An icebox (also called a cold closet) is a compact non-mechanical refrigerator which was a common kitchen appliance before the development of safe powered refrigeration devices.
Design.
Iceboxes had hollow walls that were lined with tin or zinc and packed with various insulating materials such as cork, sawdust, straw or seaweed. A large block of ice was held in a tray or compartment near the top of the box. Cold air circulated down and around storage compartments in the lower section. Some finer models had spigots for draining ice water from a catch pan or holding tank. In cheaper models a drip pan was placed under the box and had to be emptied at least daily. The user had to replenish the melted ice, normally by obtaining new ice from an iceman.
Commonly iceboxes were made of wood, most probably for ease of construction, insulation, and aesthetics: many were handsome pieces of furniture.
Use.
Iceboxes date back to the days of ice harvesting, which had hit an industrial high that ran from the mid-19th century to the 1930s, when the refrigerator was introduced into the home. Most municipally consumed ice was harvested in winter from snow-packed areas or frozen lakes, stored in ice houses, and delivered domestically as iceboxes became more common.
With metropolitan growth, many sources of natural ice became contaminated from industrial pollution or sewer runoff. As early mechanical refrigerators became available, they were installed as large industrial plants producing ice for home delivery. Able to produce clean, sanitary ice year-round, their product gradually replaced ice harvested from ponds.
With widespread electrification and safer refrigerants, mechanical refrigeration in the home became possible. With the development of the chlorofluorocarbons (along with the succeeding hydrochlorofluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons), that came to replace the use of toxic ammonia gas, the refrigerator replaced the icebox. However, because of the prevalence of the icebox in recent human history, the name "icebox" is still used colloquially for the modern home refrigerator by older persons in some regions.
The horse-drawn ice wagon and the daily occupation of the iceman, who made regular door-to-door deliveries of block ice, was as much a social institution as the milk man.
Apartment buildings had small doors that opened to the ice box from the back porch. The ice man would bring the block of ice and insert it into the ice box through this door. Ice was delivered on a regular basis to these buildings and the people would pay for the ice. Children would go on the ice wagon and take chips of fallen ice as treats during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="2920090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920090" title="Chris Silverwood">
Chris Silverwood

Christopher Eric Wilfred Silverwood (born 5 March 1975) is an English first-class cricketer.
Biography.
born 5 March 1975, Pontefract, West Yorkshire, Silverwood was educated at Garforth Comprehensive School in Leeds, as a right-arm fast-medium pace bowler Silverwood made his debut for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1993. He played for his native county for thirteen years, and was one of a battery of fast bowlers which the county produced in the late 1990s that included Darren Gough, Ryan Sidebottom, Matthew Hoggard and Steve Kirby. With the club he won the County Championship in 2001 and the C&G Trophy in 2002. Former England bowling coach Bob Cottam once said he was faster than Allan Donald, and he possessed a lively outswinger and hostile bouncer when the conditions suit. He was also known for his stamina, and was noted for his ability to maintain his pace when returning for spells late in the day.
He signed for Middlesex for the 2006 season after playing only six games for Yorkshire in the 2005 season, where he left by mutual consent after sustaining a series of injuries.
Up to the end of the 2006 season, the six-foot one inch paceman had taken 533 first-class wickets in 164 matches at 26.93, with a best of 7 for 93 and 248 List A one day wickets at 24.37 with a best of 5 for 28. Usually a tail end batsman he has occasionally been used as a pinch hitter in one day games.
In 2009 he signed a contract with Harare based franchise Mashonaland Eagles, therefore making his debut against Matabeleland Tuskers. He was then appointed Head Coach for Mashonaland Eagles.
Test cricket.
He made his Test debut against Zimbabwe in 1996, but he had to wait three years for his next chance, where he struggled to find his usual life and movement in South Africa. His last Test cap was in 2002.
Nicknamed Spoons, Silvers or Chubby. He won the NBC Denis Compton Award in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="2920096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920096" title="Vincent Prieto">
Vincent Prieto

Vincent Prieto (born September 11, 1960) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served as the 170th Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly since January 14, 2014. He has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2004, where he represents the 32nd Legislative District. He is the current Chairman of the Hudson County Democratic Organization. In 2013 the "Hudson Reporter" ranked him #7in its list of Hudson County's 50 most influential people. He garnered the support of his colleagues and became the Assembly Speaker in November 2013.
Prieto serves as the Chairman of the Budget Committee and chairs the Budget Oversight Committee. He is also is a member of the Appropriations Committee. Prieto served in the Assembly as the Deputy Majority Whip from 2006.-2011- He previously served in the Assembly on the Regulated Professions Committee (as Chair) and the Transportation, Public Works and Independent Authorities Committee.
Background.
Prieto is a Cuban-American. In 1971, he and his mother took a "Freedom Flight" (air-lift resettlement program offering alien resident status to Cuban exiles) and moved to North Hudson County at a time when it was known as Havana on the Hudson.
Prieto served on the Secaucus Planning Board from 1998-2001. He was selected by Hudson County Democratic Party leaders in December 2004 to fill the vacancy of Anthony Impreveduto, who resigned after pleading guilty to using campaign contributions for personal purposes.
Vincent Prieto attended Middlesex County College (Construction Code Technology) and Bergen Community College (Fire Code Technology).
District 32.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 32nd District for the 2012-2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2920109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920109" title="Tinker Hatfield">
Tinker Hatfield

Tinker Haven Hatfield, Jr. (born April 30, 1952, Hillsboro, Oregon), is the designer of many of Nike's most popular and innovative athletic shoe designs, including the Air Jordan 3 through Air Jordan 15, the twentieth anniversary Air Jordan XX, the final numbered Air Jordan, the XXIII, the 2010 (XXV) and other athletic sneakers including the world's first "cross training" shoes, the Nike Air Trainer. Hatfield oversees Nike's "Innovation Kitchen". He is Nike's Vice President for Design and Special Projects.
Early life.
Hatfield grew up on Halsey in Linn County, Oregon, "son of the late Tinker Hatfield Sr., a legendary figure in Oregon coaching circles who won three straight state Class AA titles during his son’s time at Central Linn." No sloucher himself, Tinker Jr. was an all-state selection as basketball player, football player, and an All-American in track and field at Central Linn High School, leading to him being named as the 1970 Johnny Carpenter Prep Athlete of the Year for Oregon high schoolers. He then attended the University of Oregon, where he ran track for coach and Nike co-founder Bill Bowerman, and at one time had the pole-vault record at the school. Academically, he studied architecture and graduated with a B.Arch. degree from the University of Oregon School of Architecture.
Nike.
Hatfield joined Nike in 1981, and in 1985 started working on shoe design. He realized that his architectural skills could be applied to shoes. Hatfield was also published for the architectural design of his Portland, Oregon home. He claims to have designed the cross-trainer as a "multi-sport" shoe when he realized people at his Oregon gym brought various sneakers with them for diverse activities such as basketball, aerobics, weightlifting and jogging. In 1987, Tinker Hatfield designed the Air Max 1 Running Shoe after visiting the Centre Georges Pompidou; and the Infrared Air Max 90 shoe, first released in 1990. In 2014, Hatfield indicated that Nike would unveil a shoe with power-lacing technology, as worn by Marty McFly in the 1989 film "Back to the Future Part II", which partially takes place in the year 2015.
He also created the graphic design on the basketball court at the Matthew Knight Arena at the University of Oregon; the facility opened in 2011.
Hatfield's younger brother, Tobie Hatfield, joined Nike in 1990 as a senior engineer.
In 2013, Hatfield worked on both Nike and Jordan brand concept car designs for Gran Turismo 6.
Jordans.
Tinker Hatfield was the lead designer of Air Jordans III through XV, XX, and XX3. Additionally, Hatfield co-designed Air Jordans 2010 and XX8.

</doc>
<doc id="2920117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920117" title="Lutepää">
Lutepää

Lutepää is a small community on the Värska to Saatse gravel road in southeast Estonia. At first sight, just like a thousand other villages in the lake and forest landscape of this region where the Russian - Estonian border twists and turns in a manner that defies the logic of everyday life.
But Lutepää and neighbour villages Saatse and Ulitina are utterly unusual for it is one of the few villages in the European Union which can only be reached by travelling through Russia. The one and only road through Lutepää cuts, on either side of the village, through Russia, the Saatse Boot area, making Lutepää a practical enclave. No Russian visa is required to drive the road to Lutepää, but those in transit by car though the territory of the Russian Federation are not permitted to stop en route.
Lutepää, small hamlet as it is, is scarcely featured in many maps and guides, but a note about this diminutive community can be found at the web-site
Hidden Europe

</doc>
<doc id="2920121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920121" title="Hans Lobert">
Hans Lobert

John Bernard "Hans" Lobert (October 18, 1881 – September 14, 1968) was an American infielder, coach, manager and scout in Major League Baseball. 
Lobert was born in Wilmington, Delaware. Like shortstop Honus Wagner, a teammate of Lobert's when he first came to the major leagues, the German-American Lobert earned the nickname "Hans" as a familiar form of Johannes, the German version of his given name, and was dubbed "Hans Number 2" by Honus Wagner. Lobert batted .274 for his career and played 14 seasons (1903, 1905–17) with five National League clubs, including regular stints as a third baseman for the Cincinnati Reds (1906–10) and Philadelphia Phillies (1911–14). He also played with the Pittsburgh Pirates (1903), Chicago Cubs (1905) and New York Giants (1915–17).
During his career, Lobert was known as one of the fastest players in the game. He once raced a racehorse around the bases before a game, an event that he recounted in "The Glory of Their Times".
After managing in the minor leagues during the 1920s and early 1930s, Lobert became a coach for the Phillies from 1934 through 1941. At 60, he became one of the oldest rookie managers in baseball history when he was appointed skipper of the 1942 Phils, in the midst of the longest streak of futility in their history. Under Lobert, the club lost 109 games (they had lost 111 under Doc Prothro in 1941). Counting two losses as an interim manager in 1938, Lobert's career managerial record was 42–111 (.275).
After his one season at the Phillies' helm, Lobert's career in uniform ended as a Cincinnati coach (1943–44). He then became a scout for the Dodgers and Giants, serving until his death in Philadelphia at age 86. He was an alumnus of Carnegie Mellon University.
A 1953 film, "Big Leaguer", set at a Giants training camp in Florida, was a fictional story, but starred Edward G. Robinson in the role of Lobert.

</doc>
<doc id="2920123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920123" title="2005 ICC EAP Cricket Cup">
2005 ICC EAP Cricket Cup

The 2005 ICC EAP Cricket Cup was held in Vanuatu between 23–29 September 2005 as part of the qualification for the 2011 Cricket World Cup. Six teams from the East Asia-Pacific Region competed in a round-robin stage, followed by ranking finals. Japan defeated the Cook Islands in a close final held at Club Hippique in Port Vila, Vanuatu. Both finalists qualified for the 2006 ICC EAP Cricket Trophy; the other four teams had their World Cup hopes dashed six years before the final competition.
Matches.
Finals.
5th/6th Place Playoff.
Samoa 71 all out lost to Indonesia 72/3 (23 overs) by 7 wickets.
3rd/4th Place Playoff.
Tonga 105 all out lost to Vanuatu 106-4 (34 overs) by 6 wickets.
Final.
Japan 161 all out (48 overs) beat Cook Islands 155 all out by 6 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="2920127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920127" title="Ninian Smart">
Ninian Smart

Roderick Ninian Smart (May 6, 1927 – January 9, 2001) was a Scottish writer and university educator. He was a pioneer in the field of secular religious studies. In 1967 he established the first department of religious studies in the United Kingdom at the new University of Lancaster where he was also Pro-Vice Chancellor, having already chaired one of the largest and most prestigious departments of theology in Britain at the University of Birmingham. In 1976, he became the first J.F. Rowny Professor in the Comparative Study of Religions at University of California, Santa Barbara. Smart presented the Gifford Lectures in 1979-80. In 1996, he was named the Academic Senate’s Research Professor, the highest professorial rank at UC Santa Barbara. In 2000, he was elected President of the American Academy of Religion, while simultaneously retaining his status as President of the Inter Religious Federation for World Peace. Smart held both titles at the time of his death.
Smart became widely known outside the Academy, at least in Britain, when he was editorial consultant for the major BBC television series, The Long Search (1977). His book "The World’s Religions" (1989) also reached a considerable popular readership. His defense of religious studies as a secular discipline helped the formation of departments in many public universities, especially in the United States. He distanced religious studies from traditional theology in that evaluating truth claims and apology have no role but regarded investigation into the "truth and worth" of religion "per se" as a valid academic enterprise in the public arena of state-funded education.
Early life.
Ninian Smart was born in Cambridge, England, where his father, William Marshall Smart (1889–1975) was the John Couch Adams Astronomer in the University of Cambridge. His mother was Isabel (née Carswell). W. M Smart, who died in 1975, also served as President of the Royal Astronomical Society (1950).
Both parents were Scottish. They moved to Glasgow in 1937, when W. M. Smart became Regius Professor of Astronomy (retiring in 1959).
Smart was one of three brothers, all of whom became professors: Jack (1920-2012) became a professor of philosophy; Alastair (1922–1992) was Professor of Art History at Nottingham University. 
Smart attended the Glasgow Academy before joining the military in 1945, serving until 1948, in the British Army Intelligence Corps where he learned Chinese (via Confucian texts) mainly at the London School of Oriental and African Studies and had his first extended contact with Sri Lankan Buddhism. It was this experience that roused him from what he called his "Western slumber with the call of diverse and noble cultures." Leaving the army – as a captain – with a scholarship to Queen’s College, University of Oxford, he reverted to his Glasgow major, classics and philosophy, mainly because Chinese and Oriental studies in those days had "pathetic curricula". However, for his B.Phil. work he returned to world religions, writing what he later described as "the first dissertation in Oxford on philosophy of religion after World War II." 
Career.
After teaching in the University of Wales from 1952 until 1955, Smart spent a year as a visiting lecturer at Yale University, where he also studied Sanskrit and Pali, the language of the Buddhist scriptures. In 1956, he was appointed Lecturer in the University of London, then in 1961 at the very young age of 34 – extraordinarily young for a full chair in the British system – he became the first H. G. Wood Professor of Theology at the Birmingham – one of the largest departments of theology, where he also served as head of department. By now author of several publications, including "Reasons and Faiths" (1958), based on his B.Phil work and "World Religions: A Dialogue" (1960), Smart was a rising star in the newly developing field of Religious Studies, rather than in Theology, despite the name of the chair he occupied. Already known internationally, he received several offers to take up positions in North America, including as Chair of the Columbia and Pennsylvania Departments, and an invitation to apply for a chair at Oxford. However, he was already involved in a consultative capacity in forming the first major department of Religious Studies at the new Lancaster, and found himself "cajoled from being adviser to being candidate" for the Chair.
Despite the attraction of prestigious posts elsewhere, he chose Lancaster because it represented a "tabula rasa, a new field" where he could practice his ideas. He took up appointment in 1967, as Foundation Professor of Religious Studies. His tenure at Birmingham had also done much to shift the department from an exclusive focus on Christianity to encompass world religions. His successor at Birmingham, John Hick, would emerge as the most well-known exponent of a pluralist theology of religions. Between 1969 and 1972, he was also Pro-Vice Chancellor at Lancaster. In 1977, Smart started to divide his time between Lancaster and another new venture, the Religious studies department at the University of California, Santa Barbara (1976–98) where he became the first J. F. Rowny Professor in the Comparative Study of Religions at Santa Barbara, from 1988 (he was a professor from 1976). As at Birmingham and Lancaster, he was again also department chair. He spent six months each year at both campuses. In 1996, he was named Research Professor at Santa Barbara, the highest academic honor. Toward the end of his career, he was elected President of the American Academy of Religion. Proud of his Scottish identity, he often wore his kilt on campus at Santa Barbara, where he was renowned for riding his bicycle very slowly, for "his bow ties and the ever-present flower in his lapel, and most of all the twinkle in his eye."
Visiting professorships and lectures.
Smart was also visiting professor at Varanasi in India, Yale, Wisconsin, Princeton, Queensland, and the respected Religious Studies department at Lampeter, in Hong Kong and elsewhere. Lectures delivered in Delhi were published as "The Yogi and the Devotee" (1968). In 1967, he presented the Heslington Lectures at the University of York, in which he set out his ideas about secular Religious Studies subsequently published as "Secular Education and the Logic of Religion" (1967), further developing these in his inaugural lecture at Lancaster, published as "Concept and Empathy" (1986). In 1979-80, he presented the prestigious Gifford Lectures., published as "Beyond Ideology" (1981).
Activism.
In addition to teaching, research, and writing, Smart was something of an activist in promoting improved cross-cultural understanding. In the 1970s, he was involved in several initiatives in Britain to broaden the public religious education curriculum, previously purely Christian, to include the range of world religions. He also served on the National Schools Council advising on broadening the religious education curriculum. The teaching of religion in the state school system in the United Kingdom, which is mandatory, distinguishes teaching about religion from faith-nurture, which is not properly part of the task. Smart was involved in the Assembly of the World's Religions series of meetings (1985, 1990, 1992) sponsored by Sun Myung Moon, founder of the Unification movement and served as President of the Inter Religious Federation for World Peace. In 1999, he was co-convener of the First Assembly of the Inter-religious and International Federation for World Peace, established by Moon. Smart reiterated his conviction that without improved understanding of the religious and cultural Other, peace in the world would remain elusive. His concept of religions as worldviews, and his value-free approach to religious studies – that is, refraining from elevating a single understanding of "truth" as some sort of evaluative criterion of religious authenticity-opened up for him the study of non-religious ideologies or worldviews (he preferred this term because it does not imply that theism is an essential element) as well as of new religious movements, which he saw as one result of globalization. He also wrote the foreword for the Unification publication, "World Scripture," edited by Andrew Wilson, in which he stated that, "it is obvious that as we move toward a world civilization, in which so many cultures and spiritual traditions will impinge on one another, all of us should understand one another." Smart was also a member of the International Board of the Global Ethics and Religion Forum, an educational, non-profit NGO dedicated to increasing global ethical responsibility.
Academic honors.
Smart received honorary doctorates from Loyola (1970), Glasgow University (1984), Stirling University (1986) University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka (1991), Lancaster (1995) and an Honorary Fellowship from the Queen's College, Oxford (1999). He was made a Life Member of the International Association for the History of Religion (1995).
In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion", edited by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honor.
Retirement and death.
Smart officially retired from Lancaster in 1982 (he was Honorary Professor from 1982 to 1989, then Professor Emeritus) and from Santa Barbara in 1998, but remained active as a professor emeritus in both universities, living mainly in Lancaster, where he died in 2001 from a massive stroke, aged 73.
Scholarly contribution.
Smart is mainly noted for his contribution in the area of methodology, although he saw his contribution as conceptual as well as methodological, commenting that while expertise in languages was not to be dismissed, it should not be "rated above conceptual insight." Secular Religious Studies dates from the mid-1960s, when new departments were established, several in state universities in the United States. At the time, it was only just beginning to earn academic recognition and Smart was a pivotal figure in this process and, as Cunningham comments, "it is difficult not to recall that the emergence of Religious Studies as a higher education subject was then controversial."
Smart’s early work involved linguistic analysis, in which he had trained at Oxford. Later, he said that this came close to "cross-cultural study" but had stopped short, since he was still too captive to "our language" and "various assumptions of our culture." However, when he came to publish this he included later conceptual ideas, expanding his dissertation. Interested in Rudolf Otto’s concept of the Holy as a key to understanding religion, he found this too restrictive, since Buddhism is non-theistic. Instead, he suggested that religious experience can be either numinous or mystical. He was also influenced by R.C. Zaehner’s interest in mysticism, having consulted him at Oxford. He then examined what he took as key religious concepts, such as revelation, faith, conversion and knowledge and analyzed what these meant in Christianity, Hinduism, and Buddhism without evaluating any belief in terms of truth or falsity. He was consciously attempting to break out of captivity to Western modes of thought so that for example theism is not taken as an essential component of religion, thus such ideas as theophany or a single ultimate focus or sacrifice do not necessarily translate from the Christian into other religious contexts. "She who knows but one religion knows none," said Smart. Western concern for doctrine overlooked the importance of religious experience. Early in his career, he insisted that an ideology such as Marxism as well as nationalism and rationalism could be considered religious, because they resemble religious traditions in how they function, and therefore properly belong to Religious Studies, the subject matter of which was "non-finite." 
He situated Religious Studies in contrast to theology as agnostic on the truth of religious claims but he was critical of Peter Berger for "assuming the non-existence of God." Religious Studies is, however, interested in why people believe that their religious statements or experience is true, thus description, although vital, must "transcend the informative" and engage in dialogue with "the para-historical claims of religions and anti-religious outlooks." It need not be hostile to the type of committed approach pursued in theology "provided it is open, and does not artificially restrict understanding and choice." It is not concerned with evangelizing but with elucidating understanding, or meaning. Religious Studies, too, has a vital role to play in combating tribalism, that is, human captivity to its own cultures. Religious Studies as a non-confessional, methodologically agnostic discipline takes its place in the secular academy, where it draw heavily on anthropology, sociology, psychology, history, archeology, and other disciplines. At bottom, it has a place in the public or state sector because, as an aspect of human experience, it is also the study of people – of what they believe, why they believe and act as they do, both individually and within society. It is a constantly changing field because religions change as religious people adapt to new circumstances. Religious Studies is never exclusively interested in what might be termed orthodoxy—however a religion itself might enforce or police conformity to an official version – but with religion as it is lived, with "religion on the ground," a term he first used in 1978. Responses to modernity, to globalization, as well as trends towards religious eclecticism, properly concern Religious Studies. Smart did not anticipate a single, eclectic religion emerging but that religions would increasingly borrow from one another and that a global consensus on the value of religion in society would evolve. In interview with Scott London, he said:
I … believe we are moving toward a global ideology that has a place for religion and recognizes the contributions of the different traditions. Hopefully, it will have an overarching view as to how we can work together for the promotion of human values and spirituality.
Dimensions of religion.
Smart is widely known for his seven-part definition of religion, or rather scheme of study; as this approach avoids the problem of defining altogether. Whatever else religion may or may not be – whether theistic or non-theistic, religions possess certain recognizable elements, which can be studied. These dimensions vary in importance but are almost always present. Smart divided these into "historical" and "para-historical," meaning by the latter those dimensions that take the investigation into the experience, or inner lives, or religious people. The "historical" can be studied empirically, the para-historical takes the student into the realm of belief and concepts and requires dialogue and participation; "since the study of man is in an important sense participatory – for one has to enter into men’s intentions, beliefs, myths, desires, in order to understand why they act as they do – it is fatal if cultures including our own are described merely externally, without entering into dialogue with them." 
Smart’s sevenfold scheme of study:
Note: Smart categorized 1-3 as para-historical and 4-6 as historical.
Legacy.
Smart’s contribution to Religious Studies continues to influence curricula, syllabi and methodology. In particular, his "dimensions of religion," a framework for comparing religions, has been influential within the academy. His willingness to take seriously what others saw as "illegitimate," such as ideologies and new religious movements, did much to allow Religious Studies to distinguish itself from theology and from any charge of privileging any particular faith or version of a faith. Hecht commented that, "When the definitive history of the study of religion in the 20th century is written..." Ninian Smart "will certainly be seen as a giant among his peers" since Smart's "many books opened religion to scholar and layperson alike." The Ninian Smart Annual Memorial Lecture, created in his honor, alternates between Lancaster and Santa Barbara. At Loyola, he is honored by the Ninian Smart Award for Excellence in Religious Studies. In April 2001, the Santa Barbara Templeton Research Lecture series was dedicated to the memory of Smart, and a commemorative plaque was presented to the Smart family. He had been due to deliver a Templeton lecture himself.
Personal life.
Smart married Libushka Baruffaldi in 1954. Their children were Roderick, Luisabel, Caroline and Peregrine. Smart had eight grandchildren at the time of his death.
Libushka was originally from Lake Como, Italy, where Smart regularly spent his summer vacations at his family home. Ninian and Libushka were the first from the Western academy to have their marriage blessed by Sun Myung Moon and Mrs. Moon in August 1992.
Towards the end of his life, Smart described himself as a "Buddhist-Episcopalian", saying, "No religion, it seems to me, contains the whole truth. I think it's mad to think that there is nothing to learn from other traditions and civilizations. If you accept that other religions have something to offer and you learn from them, that is what you become: a Buddhist-Episcopalian or a Hindu-Muslim or whatever."

</doc>
<doc id="2920137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920137" title="Sami Yusuf">
Sami Yusuf

Sami Yusuf (, born 1980) is an Iranian-born British singer-songwriter, composer, producer and multi-instrumentalist musician of Azerbaijani descent.
In 2003 Yusuf released his first album ""Al-Mu`allim"" at the age of 23. He released his second album ""My Ummah"" in 2005. In October 2010, Yusuf’s third official album ""Wherever You Are"" was launched. Sami calls his genre of music "Spiritique". ""Salaam"" is his fourth album, that was released in December 22, 2012.
Early life.
An ethnic Azerbaijani born in Tehran, Yusuf was raised in London from the age of three. His father loaned him a book on the basics of the Tombak instrument which Yusuf studied. As a teenager he was a devotee of classical music and classical icons like Chopin and Mozart, admitting that he listened to Classic FM radio station for hours in a day. He went on training professionally in several other instruments including the santoor, piano, violin, oud, setar, tar, and daf under the guidance of traditional teachers, as well as professional musicians. While producing and demo-recording for another singer, he became aware of his own singing abilities which were further developed by the encouragement of his family. Divided between pursuing a musical career or studying law at King's College London, Yusuf opted for music while committed to "doing something dignified and respectable". Though he claimed to having been always spiritual, he reconnected with his Islamic faith through a "religious awakening" at the age of sixteen. Yusuf self-produced and released his debut album "Al-mu’allim" at the age of 23.
Professional career.
(2003–2004) – Al-Mu'allim.
Shortly before traveling to Egypt to study Arabic, Sami Yusuf released his debut album "Al-Mu`allim" in July 2003 and 2004, a primarily percussive album comprising eight tracks. The radiant cube and purple background of the album cover symbolized "the light of the Prophetic message illuminating the darkness of the night". Its feature song, "Al-Mu’allim", became an instant hit in the Middle East, North Africa, and South-East Asia topping the charts in Egypt and Turkey for twelve consecutive weeks, selling over seven million copies worldwide. Believing that music can be a "powerful medium to promote ideas and establish dialogue within society", he coalesced Eastern percussive instrumentation and Western melodies in "Al-Mu’allim" with a focus on the English and Arabic languages. The last track, "Supplication", was used in the Golden-Globe award-nominated film, "The Kite Runner". Though the album was described as a "project to define British Muslim identity" in a post 9-11 period — with explicitly religious themes praising the Prophet Mohammad and Allah in songs like "The Creator" and "Ya Mustafa" — it reached the ears of unexpectedly diverse range of listeners, constituting of various nationalities, ages, and races. Redirecting the current of Muslim music through his songs and professionally produced music videos ("Al-Mu’allim" and "Supplication"), Yusuf had "unintentionally" cultivated grounds for a fresh genre of music coined "Islamic Pop" by setting a new benchmark in the religious music industry. The journal "Transnational Broadcasting Studies" analyzed the main causes of his success by attributing it to Yusuf’s ability to blend "a religious worldview with a mainstream form of entertainment, and in doing so, a personable, accessible expression of the Islamic faith that is in harmony with the modern world and incorporated into the mundane activities of daily life. When asked if he was Sunni or Shia, Yusuf replied "I'm Muslim" ".
(2005–2009) – My Ummah.
Yusuf gained worldwide recognition following the release of his second album, "My Ummah", in July 2005. This album appeared in both musical and percussive versions and includes fourteen tracks. The album’s thematic elements include empowerment of women in "Free", raising awareness of the plight of victims of conflict-laden regions like Palestine and Darfur in the respective tracks of "Try Not to Cry" (featuring Outlandish) and "Make A Prayer"; "Muhammad" was dedicated to the victims of the 2004 Beslan school massacre, whereas "We Will Never Submit" protested against acquiescence to oppression. The album, both Eastern and Western in sound, utilized wide-ranging musical instrumentation from classical instruments like piano, violin, flute and drums to ethnic instruments like oud, santour, tar, drums, tombak and more. "My Ummah" was an embodiment of Yusuf’s "utopia for the Muslim World or humanity at large". Considered a breakthrough album , it sold over four million copies globally and was received enthusiastically by a diverse range of listeners, particularly young people, who identified closely with the topics included therein. "Transnational Broadcasting Studies" discussed the exposure of Muslim youth to a new dawn of Islamic "art with purpose", accrediting this opening to Yusuf’s music that had the power "to both preserve core cultural identity and promote spiritual and material progress". Yusuf's music video featuring the Afghan folklore "Hasbi Rabbi" became a regional hit in Egypt, and was used to launch Vodafone Egypt’s value-added-service (VAS) platform Vodafone Live. The video portrays Yusuf in multiple characters and locations: as a practicing Muslim businessman in London, a teacher playing soccer and tutoring in Taj Mahal, then a professional Volinist jubilantly laughing and chatting with his bandmates in Turkey, and finally as a jovial carpenter in the lively bazaar's of Egypt. Recognized by "The Independent" as the "Voice of Islam", Yusuf emphasized that he was not a "preacher", rather a musician with a message who believes in the urgent need for "a wave of people to come along and bridge the gaps, because we have so much in common, so much to learn from each other". A major addition to his artistic repertoire was Oscar-winning director Marc Forster's proposal to Yusuf to compose a credit-piece for the Golden Globe award-nominated film, "The Kite Runner". Due to time constraints on both sides however, the credit piece was never realised but "Supplication", a track from Yusuf’s debut album, was used to voice one of the film’s climactic scenes. Reluctant to be dubbed as "Islam’s Biggest Rock Star" by "Time", Yusuf later explained that he does not "want to be a rock star ... a popstar. ... I just want to make good music, and do what I feel I’m confident in doing ... and that’s music".
(2005–2009) Dispute with Former Label.
In a contractual dispute lasting from 2008 to 2009, Yusuf legally separated from his former record label Awakening. He claimed the "third" album, "Without You", released by Awakening in January 2009, was released without his prior "blessings nor consent". He stated: "I therefore wish to make it perfectly clear that an album any such recordings could only be put on to the market against my wishes and without my approval". Sami Yusuf subsequently stated on his official website that this album was released without his knowledge or consent, and is a compilation of demos and sketches with a quality inferior to his normally high standards. He has called for fans to boycott it. However as of April 2009 Awakening Records continues to feature the album prominently on the Sami Yusuf part of its website, saying that the album is "a complete and high quality album" consisting of "11 professionally recorded tracks", and that " Sami Yusuf is signed exclusively to Awakening Records for five albums." In mid-2009, he signed a five-album contract with the UK-based record label ETM International.
(2009 – 2012) – Wherever You Are Pre-Release.
In July 2009, Yusuf was awarded an honorary Doctor of LetteOrs degree in recognition of his "extraordinary contributions to the field of music" by Roehampton University in southwest London. Earlier in the year, he was selected to serve as the first Global Ambassador of HH Sheikha Moza Bint Nasser’s (Qatar's First Lady) initiative, Silatech, which seeks to engage "the public, private and civil society sectors to promote large-scale job creation, entrepreneurship and access to capital and markets for young people". Ranked in the "Top 500 Influential Muslims of 2009 (and 2010) ", a publication edited by Georgetown University’s John Esposito and Ibrahim Kahlin, Yusuf was described as an "internationally popular British singer-songwriter whose music has revolutionized the nasheed industry. ... He is also known for his extensive involvement in charity work". Yusuf released his video single, "You Came To Me," in four languages (English, Arabic, Turkish, and Persian) in the summer of 2009. "Rolling Stone" magazine called the style by which Yusuf sung the track’s lyrics "touching", listing it as one of the key tracks of the "Wherever You Are" album. SamiYusufOfficial.com announced the release of "Wherever You Are", Yusuf’s third official album, in March 2010, introducing it as "A renaissance. A Rebirth. A New Beginning". Meanwhile in the following summer, Yusuf shared his music video "Healing" sung in English and Arabic that was created in cooperation with the KSA-based International Medical Center. It was also listed as another key track by "Rolling Stone" magazine. In reference to the song’s underlying philosophy of generosity in lines like "Heal and you will be healed/…Give and you will receive/It’s nature’s order", Yusuf’s wrote on his blog: "I hope it helps, albeit in some small way, in showing that every single one of us can be a healer". Amidst the torrential monsoons that wreaked havoc in Pakistan and affected 20 million lives in the summer of 2010, he promptly released a charity single entitled "Hear Your Call", performed in English and Urdu, to raise funds for the displaced Pakistanis in a joint-effort with the UN-sponsored charity organization Save the Children. The song was featured on a short film by the United Nations Office for Coordination of Human Affairs (OCHA) appealing for renewed donations towards the relief effort. Prompted by the protests and clashes that transpired in Egypt in February 2011, Yusuf released a free track entitled "I’m Your Hope", dedicating it to the "Shabaab" or youth. The lyrics are in English and Arabic. Sami Yusuf has expressed keen interest on initiating his own "record company to help artists and talents that are not supported" in the near future.
(2009–2012) Wherever You Are: "New Chapter" and"Spiritique".
Performing live in the Maida Vale Studios, Yusuf explained that "It's 2009, I have different challenges, I've got different issues and I will not sing religious-themed music just for the sake of business – it's got to be what I feel". Yusuf released his third, official studio album named "Wherever You Are" in October 2010, welcoming what he termed a "New Chapter" in his professional career and music. ""Spiritique"" is Yusuf’s self-coined musical and philosophical classification of his music. Spiritique, according to Yusuf, is a blend of both the "oriental and occidental" sounds, underpinned by spirituality that "will utilize music as a facilitator for spiritual appreciation, regardless of race and religion". Yusuf considers it his new sound and "something wants to stand for from now". With the exceptions of songs like "No Word is Worthy", "You Came To Me" and "Salaam" (though the latter is more of a 'humanitarian ode' than religiously themed) the 12 track-set album purposely draws less upon religious content leaving room for interpretation for listeners of all backgrounds. Yusuf maintains, however, that it follows the "same principles and ingredients honesty, [and sincerity". Introducing the album in its official trailer as a "mini diary of events" that occurred from 2007 to 2010, Yusuf emphasized that the content is essentially a reflection of his worldview: "This third album is about who I am and the reality of the day and age we are living in. It talks about the hypocrisy. ... it’s quite dark". Songs like "Give the Young A Chance", featuring lyrics by Ian Brown, incorporate heavy usage of metaphors, likening the youth to "jewels" and allusions to "gardens where birds will sing lullabies" and "sweet scents fill the air". British singer-songwriter Conner Reeves and Turkish singer Sezen Aksu also collaborated with Yusuf in the track "Without You". "In Every Tear, He Is There" song, another track collaboration with Conner Reeves, concludes with an African choir singing "In Every Tear/ That is where/He is There" repeatedly in Zulu. "Fragile World", Yusuf’s admittedly own favorite track, is reflective of the "dark" experiences he underwent throughout the years. Though predominantly performed in English, several tracks include verses in Arabic, Malaysian, Persian and Urdu. It has been given 3.5 stars out of 4 by "Rolling Stone" magazine, and commended as a "beautifully produced album". Sami Yusuf has visited Turkey, UAE, and Qatar to promote "Wherever You Are" and is due to travel to Egypt, Singapore, Malaysia, and Jordan in the near future, plus an upcoming European tour scheduled for spring 2011. In Late 2011, ETM began distributing with Sony Music Malaysia with Sami Yusuf's album "Wherever you are". The video for "In Every Tear He Is There" has been released and that for "Make Me Strong" was released on 6 April 2012.
(2012-present) Release of "Salaam".
Yusuf's fourth and latest album was released in December 2012. The physical version was released on 22 December, while the digital version was released later, on 24 December. In June 2013 it was announced through the media that Sami Yusuf had signed an exclusive worldwide publishing deal with independent music publishers Fairwood Music (UK) Ltd.
Notable tours and concert performances.
Packing venues in Faruma Arena, Denmark, Grugahalle in Germany, and De Doelen in Netherlands, Yusuf introduced his forthcoming album, "Wherever You Are". Sami Yusuf has visited Turkey, UAE, and Qatar to promote "Wherever You Are".

</doc>
<doc id="2920141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920141" title="Pommeau">
Pommeau

Pommeau is an alcoholic drink made in northern France by mixing apple juice with Calvados (apple brandy).
Considered a mistelle, it is generally consumed as an apéritif, or as an accompaniment to melon or blue cheese. It is also popular with a variety of desserts, including any chocolate or apple-based dishes.
Production.
Pommeau is made by mixing two thirds apple must (unfermented apple juice) to one third of one year old Calvados. The proportions are chosen to ensure that the resulting mixture has 16–18% alcohol by volume.
The liquid is then put into vats and stirred gently, before being moved to oak barrels, each containing 400 litres, and left to age for around 30 months.
The resulting drink is mahogany in colour with a bright lustre, and has an overall smooth taste, often with vanilla, caramel and butterscotch flavours.
Production is controlled by two appellations covering manufacture in Brittany and Normandy: Pommeau de Bretagne, and Pommeau de Normandie. Pommeau was granted its own AOC in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="2920144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920144" title="Joan M. Quigley">
Joan M. Quigley

Joan M. Quigley (born September 11, 1940) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1994 to 2012, representing the 32nd Legislative District. Quigley served as the Majority Conference Leader starting with the 2006-2008 legislative session. She was the Assembly's Deputy Speaker from 2004–2006 and was the Minority Parliamentarian from 1999-2001.
Quigley served in the Assembly on the State Government Committee (as Chair), the Budget Committee, the Health and Senior Services Committee and the Legislative Services Commission.
Quigley sponsored legislation mandating registration of sex offenders and requiring filing of DNA types with state and national databases, and also sponsored legislation setting a statute of limitations on parking tickets.
Quigley is a Hospital administrator for the Bon Secours New Jersey Health System (former Franciscan Health System). She was previously employed as public information officer for the Hudson County Welfare Board and as executive director of a retired senior volunteer program of the Hudson County United Way.
She received an A.A. from Hudson County Community College in Public Policy, a B.A. in 1977 from Saint Peter's College, New Jersey in Urban Studies/Sociology and was awarded an M.P.A. in 1979 from Rutgers University in Public Administration.
In the wake of redistricting following the results of the 2010 United States Census, the portion of Jersey City in which Quigley resides was removed from the 32nd District, and based on that change she decided in April 2011 not to seek re-election to a seventh term of office in the Assembly in November and was replaced on the general election ballot by Angelica M. Jimenez, a vice president of the board of education in West New York. Jimenez won the election and succeeded Quigley in the Assembly in January 2012.
Proposed Ban of Ann Coulter's book "Godless".
On June 8, 2006, Quigley and Assemblywoman Linda Stender proposed banning the sale of Ann Coulter's book "" in New Jersey. They issued a joint press release, calling on "...New Jersey retailers to ban the sale of her book throughout the state."
A few days after Quigley and Stender's press release was issued, it was edited on the New Jersey Assembly Democratic Majority website. The word "ban" was replaced with the word "boycott" in two instances (in the title and in the third paragraph). The original text of the press release can viewed on several websites.
Quigley and Stender issued the press release in response to Coulter's criticism of the Jersey Girls, four widows of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks from New Jersey who have criticized U.S. policies in the events leading up to September 11. Due to this press release Stender and Quigley were both featured on "Larry King Live" on CNN.
Quigley and Stender's call to ban Coulter's book has been denounced as censorship by some. However, others have defended the two by saying that they were merely advocating a boycott, which would allow the book to continue being published uncensored.

</doc>
<doc id="2920148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920148" title="Sextus Tarquinius">
Sextus Tarquinius

Sextus Tarquinius was the third and youngest son of the last king of Rome, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus (Tarquin the Proud). According to Roman tradition, his rape of Lucretia was the precipitating event in the overthrow of the monarchy and the establishment of the Roman Republic.
Rape of Lucretia.
Tarquinius was besieging Ardea, a city of the Rutulians. The place could not be taken by force, and the Roman army lay encamped beneath the walls. While the king's sons, and their cousin, Tarquinius Collatinus, the son of Egerius, were feasting together, a dispute arose about the virtue of their wives.As nothing was happening in the field, they mounted their horses to pay a surprise visit to their homes. They first went to Rome, where they caught the king's daughters unawares at a splendid banquet. They then hastened to Collatia, and there, though it was late in the night, they found Lucretia, the wife of Collatinus, spinning amid her handmaids.
The beauty and virtue of Lucretia had fired the evil passions of Sextus. A few days later he returned to Collatia, where he was hospitably received by Lucretia as her husband's kinsman. In the dead of night he stealthily entered her chamber with a drawn sword. He forced her to yield to his sexual advances by telling her the alternative was that he would kill her and one of her slaves, place their bodies together, and claim he had defended her husband’s honour when he caught her having adulterous sex.
Soon after, Lucretia sent a message to both her husband and her father, Spurius Lucretius Tricipitinus, telling them everything. She then killed herself. The revolt that followed, led by her husband's friend Lucius Junius Brutus, brought to an end the kingship of Tarquin the Proud and brought about the beginning of the Roman Republic, Brutus becoming the first consul together with Collatinus. Sextus Tarquinius fled to Gabii, seeking to make himself king, but he was killed in revenge for his past actions.
Cultural references.
Art.
Lucretia and Tarquinius have been the subject of many paintings, including those by great artists.
Literature.
The story of Lucretia's rape is the subject of William Shakespeare's narrative poem "The Rape of Lucrece", a work as long as many full-length plays, taking about two hours to recite. It has sometimes been performed as readers' theatre. Shakespeare alludes to Tarquinius in his plays as well. In "Cymbeline" (Act 2, Scene 2), Iachimo has slipped into the sleeping Imogen's bedchamber, and compares himself to Tarquin:
... Our Tarquin thus<br>Did softly press the rushes, ere he waken'd<br>The chastity he wounded … .<br>
In a soliloquy (known as the 'Dagger Soliloquy') from "Macbeth", Macbeth alludes to Tarquin as a 'trope of stealth':
With Tarquin's ravishing strides, towards his design<br>Moves like a ghost. (Act 2 Scene 1, Lines 5-6)
In Shakespeare's history play "Julius Caesar" (Act 2, Scene 1), the character Brutus reflects on his ancestor's role in overthrowing Sextus Tarquinius's father and the monarchy:
Sextus Tarquinius is present with the Etruscan army in Thomas Babington Macaulay's "Lays of Ancient Rome", when Lars Porsena, King of Clusium, attempts to restore the Tarquin dynasty to the Roman throne:
By the right wheel rode Mamilius, prince of the Latian name, <br>
And by the left false Sextus, who wrought the deed of shame. <br>
<br>
But when the face of Sextus was seen among the foes, <br>
A yell that rent the firmament from all the town arose. <br>
On the house-tops was no woman but spat toward him and hissed,<br> 
No child but screamed out curses, and shook its little first.
Lucretia's rape is also the subject of Benjamin Britten's 1946 opera "The Rape of Lucretia".

</doc>
<doc id="2920150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920150" title="Apollinaris">
Apollinaris

Apollinaris (, , , , , or "Apollinary", ) is an Ancient Greek and Roman masculine personal name, and a Latin adjective, derived from the name of the god Apollo, with a variant Apollinarius, and a feminine form Apollinaria, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920176" title="Entryway">
Entryway

An entryway is a hall that is generally located at the front entrance of a house. An entryway often has a coat closet, and usually has linoleum or tile flooring rather than carpet, making it an easy-to-clean transition space between the outdoor and indoor areas. Many houses do not have an entryway; in these the front door leads to a foyer, or directly into the living room or some other room in the house. 
Many suburban American houses have a mud room, a casual, generally secondary entryway intended as an area to remove and store footwear, outerwear, and wet clothing before entering the main house. As well as providing storage space, a mud room serves to increase the cleanliness of a house proper.

</doc>
<doc id="2920188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920188" title="John Rowan (Kentucky)">
John Rowan (Kentucky)

John Rowan (July 12, 1773July 13, 1843) was a 19th-century politician and jurist from the U.S. state of Kentucky. Rowan's family moved from Pennsylvania to the Kentucky frontier when he was young. From there, they moved to Bardstown, Kentucky, where Rowan studied law with former Kentucky Attorney General George Nicholas. He was a representative to the state constitutional convention of 1799, but his promising political career was almost derailed when he killed a man in a duel stemming from a drunken dispute during a game of cards. Although public sentiment was against him, a judge found insufficient evidence against him to convict him of murder. In 1802, Governor Christopher Greenup appointed Rowan Secretary of State, and he went on to serve in the Kentucky House of Representatives and the U.S. House of Representatives.
In 1819, Rowan was appointed to the Kentucky Court of Appeals, serving until his resignation 1821. He was again elected to the state legislature in 1823. With the state reeling from the Panic of 1819, Rowan became the leader of a group of legislators dedicated to enacting laws favorable to the state's large debtor class. He believed the will of the people was sovereign and roundly denounced the Court of Appeals for striking down debt relief legislation as unconstitutional. He led the effort to impeach the offending justices, and when that effort failed, spearheaded a movement to abolish the court entirely and replace it with a new one, touching off the Old Court – New Court controversy. New Court partisans in the legislature elected Rowan to the U.S. Senate in 1824. During his term, the nascent Whig Party ascended to power in the state legislature, and at the expiration of his term in 1830, the Whigs replaced him with John J. Crittenden, an ally of party founder Henry Clay.
After his term in the Senate, Rowan returned to Kentucky, where he served as the first president of the Louisville Medical Institute and the Kentucky Historical Society. In 1840, he was appointed to a commission to prosecute land claims of U.S. citizens against the Republic of Mexico, but resigned his commission in 1842 because of failing health. He died July 13, 1843 and was buried on the grounds of Federal Hill, his estate in Bardstown. According to tradition, Stephen Collins Foster, a distant relative of Rowan's, was inspired to write the ballad "My Old Kentucky Home" after a visit to Federal Hill in 1852, but later historians have been unable to conclude whether or not Foster ever visited the mansion at all. The mansion is now owned by the state of Kentucky and forms the centerpiece of My Old Kentucky Home State Park.
Early life and family.
John Rowan was born July 12, 1773, near York, Pennsylvania. He was third of five children born to Captain William and Sarah Elizabeth "Eliza" (Cooper) Rowan. His siblings included two older brothers – Andrew and Stephen – and two younger sisters – Elizabeth and Alice. Captain Rowan served in the 4th York Battery during the Revolutionary War, and after the war, he was elected to three consecutive terms as sheriff of York County.
Having exhausted most of his resources in Pennsylvania helping establish the new United States government, Captain Rowan decided to move the family to the western frontier, where he hoped to start fresh and rebuild his fortune. On October 10, 1783, the Rowans and five other families embarked on a flat bottomed boat near Redstone Creek and began their journey down the Monongahela River toward the Falls of the Ohio. The travelers expected the journey to last a few days at most, but ice along the river slowed the journey, and a lack of provisions exacerbated the delays. Three of the families disembarked near what is now Maysville, Kentucky; the Rowans would later learn that most of these settlers were killed by Indians. The remaining settlers continued downriver, reaching Louisville, Kentucky on March 10, 1783.
In April 1784, the Rowans and five other families set out for a tract of land on the Long Falls of the Green River that Rowan had purchased before leaving Pennsylvania. The party arrived on May 11, 1784, and constructed a fort which they dubbed Fort Vienna. The fort, then located approximately 100 miles from the nearest white settlement, is the present-day town of Calhoun. The settlers at Fort Vienna frequently clashed with the Shawnee who used the area as a hunting ground. The Rowans would remain at Fort Vienna for six years.
Concerned for the education of his children, Captain Rowan moved the family to Bardstown, Kentucky in 1790. There, John Rowan began his education under Dr. James Priestly at Salem Academy. Salem Academy was, at the time, considered one of the best educational institutions in the west. Among Rowan's classmates at the Academy were future U.S. Attorney General Felix Grundy, future U.S. Senator John Pope, future U.S. District Attorney Joseph Hamilton Daveiss, and future Kentucky state senator John Allen. Rowan and Grundy were members of a debating society called the Bardstown Pleiades which may have been an outgrowth of Salem Academy. Other notable members of the society included future Florida Governor William Pope Duval, future U.S. Postmaster General and Kentucky Governor Charles A. Wickliffe, and future Kentucky Senator Benjamin Hardin.
Completing his studies in 1793, Rowan moved to Lexington, Kentucky and read law under former Kentucky Attorney General George Nicholas. He was admitted to the bar in May 1795 and commenced practice in Louisville. Rowan struggled financially during his early years as a lawyer. Nelson County judge Atkinson Hill took an interest in Rowan, furnishing him with money to expand his law library and taking him as a business partner. In order to earn some money, Rowan accepted an appointment as a public prosecutor, but after securing a felony conviction against a young man in his first case, he was so troubled that he resigned the office and resolved never again to play the role of prosecutor. For the remainder of his career, he always represented defendants. An advocate of education, Rowan allowed several prominent young law students to study in his office, including future U.S. Treasury Secretary James Guthrie, future Supreme Court Justice John McKinley, and future Kentucky Governor Lazarus W. Powell.
Rowan married Anne Lytle on October 29, 1794. She was the daughter of Captain William Lytle, one of the early settlers of Cincinnati, Ohio, and by this marriage Rowan became the uncle of Ohio congressman Robert Todd Lytle. Rowan and his wife – who he affectionately nicknamed "Nancy" – had nine children: Eliza Cooper (Rowan) Harney, Mary Jane (Rowan) Steele, William Lytle Rowan, Adkinson Hill Rowan, John Rowan, Jr., Josephine Daviess (Rowan) Clark, Ann (Rowan) Buchanan, Alice Douglass (Rowan) Shaw Wakefield, and Elizabeth (Rowan) Hughes. Adkinson Hill Rowan served as an emissary to Spain for President Andrew Jackson. John Rowan, Jr. was appointed U.S. Chargé d'Affaires to Naples by President James K. Polk, serving from 1848 to 1849. Ann Rowan married Joseph Rodes Buchanan, a noted physician of Covington, Kentucky.
In 1795, Rowan began construction of Federal Hill, his family estate, on land that his father-in-law gave him as a wedding present. Due to limited financial resources, the time required to import building materials from the east, and the craftsmanship required to construct the large home, the mansion was not completed until 1818. After a fire destroyed the log cabin in which the Rowans lived in 1812, they moved into the part of the mansion that was completed, and continued to live there while construction on the rest of the house was finished. Federal Hill was believed to be the first brick house constructed in the state of Kentucky.
Rowan identified with the Democratic-Republican Party and espoused the Jeffersonian principles of limited government and individual liberty. He was chosen to represent Nelson County at the constitutional convention held at Frankfort, Kentucky in 1799 to draft the second Kentucky Constitution. As a delegate, he advocated the supremacy of the legislative branch over the executive and judicial branches, which he believed provided ordinary citizens a greater role in state government. The constitution adopted by the convention abolished the use of electors to choose the governor and state senators, providing for the direct election of these officers instead.
Duel with Dr. James Chambers.
Rowan was known throughout his life as an avid gamester. On January 29, 1801, Rowan joined Dr. James Chambers and three other men for a game of cards at Duncan McLean's Tavern in Bardstown. After several beers and games of whist, Chambers suggested playing Vingt-et-un for money instead. Rowan had determined not to gamble during this session of gaming, but impaired by the alcohol, he agreed. After a few hands, an argument broke out between Chambers and Rowan. The exact nature of the argument is not known. Some accounts claim it was over who was better able to speak Latin and Greek; others suggest that general insults were exchanged between the two men. A brief scuffle followed the disagreement.
How the matter escalated to a duel is also the subject of some uncertainty. In his biography of Benjamin Hardin, Lucious P. Little recounts that Chambers immediately challenged Rowan to a duel. According to Little, Rowan, embarrassed at his behavior, refused the challenge and repeatedly apologized for his actions, but Chambers was insistent on the duel and continued hurling insults of growing severity at Rowan until Rowan accepted the challenge. A letter from George M. Bibb, published a year after the event and reprinted in 1912 in the "Register of the Kentucky State Historical Society", claims that Chambers' challenge was issued through a letter delivered to Rowan by Chambers' friend, Major John Bullock, on January 31, 1801. Bibb claims that he and Rowan had, after the night of the incident, gone to nearby Bullitt County on business, that Rowan had returned first, and that Rowan showed Bibb the letter upon his return on February 1.
Bullock served as Chambers' second for the duel; Bibb acted as second for Rowan. According to Bibb, he and Bullock met on February 1 to discuss the parameters for the duel. Bullock proposed that the matter be dropped, but Bibb insisted that Chambers would have to retract his challenge, to which Bullock would not consent. The duel was held February 3, 1801, near Bardstown. Both combatants missed with their first shots. Both men fired again, and Rowan's second shot struck Chambers, wounding him severely. (Bibb's account says that Chambers was struck in the left side; other accounts state that the shot hit Chambers in the chest.) Rowan then offered his carriage to take Chambers to town for medical attention, and Chambers asked that Rowan not be prosecuted. Despite medical aid, Chambers died the following day.
Public sentiment was against Rowan in the matter of his duel with Chambers. Soon after the duel, friends of Chambers formed a posse and rode toward Rowan's house. Rowan concocted a ruse whereby he dressed a family slave in his coat and hat and sent him riding from the house on horseback. The posse was fooled into thinking the slave was Rowan and gave chase, but the slave escaped and Rowan's life was spared as well. Days later, the owner of the land where the duel had taken place swore out a warrant for Rowan's arrest for murder. Some accounts hold that, as Commonwealth's Attorney, Rowan's friend Felix Grundy would have been responsible for prosecuting the case against Rowan and that Grundy resigned the position to avoid prosecuting his friend. Grundy's biographer, John Roderick Heller, admits that this was possible, although no evidence exists to confirm it. Heller also points out that Grundy was Commonwealth's Attorney not in Nelson County (the location of Bardstown), but in neighboring Washington County at the time. Joseph Hamilton Daveiss and Colonel William Allen served as counsel for Rowan. The judge opined that there was insufficient evidence to send the case to a grand jury, and Rowan was released.
Secretary of State and early legislative career.
Shortly after his duel with Chambers, Rowan moved to Frankfort, Kentucky, the state capital. In 1802, he was one of 32 men who signed a pledge to bring James Madison to Transylvania University as superintendent. This action began a long relationship between Rowan and Transylvania, and the university presented him with an honorary Doctor of Laws degree in 1823. Governor Christopher Greenup appointed Rowan Secretary of State in 1802. He served until 1806, when he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. He represented Kentucky's Third District (which included Bardstown) during the Tenth Congress from March 4, 1807 to March 3, 1809, even though he did not reside in that district at the time.
The first major congressional debate in which Rowan participated was over the election of William McCreery as representative from Baltimore, Maryland. Joshua Barney, McCreery's opponent in the election, claimed that McCreery did not meet a requirement in the Maryland Constitution that a representative live in the district from which he was elected for twelve months prior to the election. McCreery admitted that he had moved from Baltimore to the country prior to the election but claimed that he still owned his home in Baltimore and lived there during the winter months. A resolution was introduced to declare McCreery the duly elected representative from Baltimore, and an amendment was added to clarify that the grounds upon which the resolution was based were that McCreery had not abandoned his Baltimore home. Despite his support for states' rights, Rowan opposed the amendment because he felt that state sovereignty was only made possible by national sovereignty and that the national legislature had the right to declare a state law unconstitutional. By giving another reason for declaring McCreery duly elected, Rowan felt this issue would be obscured. The amendment was defeated by a vote of 92–8, and the resolution to declare McCreery duly elected passed 89–18.
Also during the first session of the Tenth Congress, Rowan proposed that a congressional committee be formed to investigate accusations against General James Wilkinson that, in 1788, he took money from the government of Spain in exchange for efforts to separate Kentucky from Virginia and unite it with Spain rather than the United States. Aaron Burr had been accused of working with Wilkinson in the so-called Spanish Conspiracy, and when Burr had approached Rowan in 1806 to solicit his services in defending Burr against the charges, Rowan had declined because he believed Burr to be guilty. Rowan's proposal to form an investigative committee against Wilkinson failed, but he succeeded in gaining approval for a committee to investigate federal judge Harry Innes' purported role in the Conspiracy. Rowan was appointed to the committee and delivered its report April 19, 1808; the report stated that the committee could find no evidence of wrongdoing by Innes.
Rowan was not as active during the second session of the Tenth Congress, introducing no legislation and making no major speeches. Newly elected Kentucky Senator John Pope observed in a letter to a friend that the Democratic-Republicans in Congress disliked Rowan and were disappointed in his speaking and debating ability. He opined that Rowan's attempt to investigate Wilkinson had been a slap at party founder Thomas Jefferson (then in his second term as President), under whom Wilkinson was serving as Commanding General of the United States Army. Pope went on to write that, although Rowan personally cited no party affiliation, he was claimed by the Federalist caucus in the House. In studying Rowan's short tenure in the House, historian Stephen Fackler observed that "Rowan adhered more rigidly to the precepts of Jeffersonian republicanism than Jefferson himself, for the president compromised his principles in the national interest." Fackler observed that Rowan often disagreed with Jefferson as president, and that as a result, some historians labeled him a Federalist, a designation Fackler felt was in error.
After his tenure in Congress, Rowan was elected to represent Nelson County in the Kentucky House of Representatives from 1813 to 1817. In 1817, the House debated a resolution instructing Governor Gabriel Slaughter to negotiate with the governors of Indiana and Ohio to secure passage of legislation requiring citizens of those states to return fugitive slaves. Representative James G. Birney vigorously opposed the resolution, and it was defeated. The pro-slavery members of the House then rallied behind Rowan's leadership to pass a substitute resolution which softened the most objectionable language but retained the call for fugitive slave legislation in Indiana and Ohio.
Legislative interim and service on the Court of Appeals.
Rowan often found himself in demand as an orator and host. In February 1818, he was chosen to eulogize his close friend, George Rogers Clark. In June 1819, the citizens of Louisville chose him as their official host for a visiting party that included James Monroe and Andrew Jackson. In May 1825, he was one of thirteen men chosen by the citizens of Louisville to organize a reception for a visit by the Marquis de Lafayette.
Rowan was appointed as a judge of the Kentucky Court of Appeals in 1819. During his time as a justice, he delivered a notable opinion opposing the constitutionality of chartering of the Second Bank of the United States. He also opined that the General Assembly was within its rightful powers to enact a tax on the Bank. In the case of "McCulloch v. Maryland", the U.S. Supreme Court delivered a contradictory opinion. Dissatisfied with the confinement of service on the bench, Rowan resigned from the court in 1821. Though his service was brief, he was referred to as "Judge Rowan" for the rest of his life.
While Rowan was still a justice of the Court of Appeals, the General Assembly chose him and John J. Crittenden as commissioners to resolve a border dispute with Tennessee. The dispute had arisen from an erroneous survey of the border line conducted by Dr. Thomas Walker years earlier. Walker's line deviated northward from the intended line (36 degrees, 30 minutes north latitude) by some twelve miles by the time it reached the Tennessee River. The Tennessee commissioners, Felix Grundy and William L. Brown, proposed that, because it had been accepted for so long, the Walker line be observed as far west as the Tennessee River, with Kentucky being compensated with a more southerly line between the Tennessee and Mississippi Rivers. Crittenden was inclined to accept this proposal with some minor adjustments, but Rowan insisted that Tennessee honor the statutory border of 36 degrees, 30 minutes north. The Tennessee commissioners refused to submit to arbitration in the matter, and Rowan and Crittenden delivered separate reports to the Kentucky legislature. The legislature adopted Crittenden's report; Rowan then resigned as commissioner and was replaced by Robert Trimble. Thereafter, the commissioners quickly agreed to a slightly modified version of the Tennessee proposal.
In 1823, the state legislature chose Rowan and Henry Clay to represent the defendant in a second rehearing of "Green v. Biddle" before the U.S. Supreme Court. The case, which involved the constitutionality of laws passed by the General Assembly relating to land titles granted in Kentucky when the state was still a part of Virginia, was of interest to the legislature. The Supreme Court, however, refused the second rehearing, letting stand their previous opinion that Kentucky's laws were in violation of the compact of separation from Virginia.
Old Court – New Court controversy.
Due to the Panic of 1819, many citizens in Kentucky fell deep into debt and began petitioning the legislature for help. The state's politicians split into two factions. Those who advocated for measures that were more favorable to debtors were dubbed the Relief faction while those who insisted on sound money principles and the strict adherence to the obligation of contracts were called the Anti-Relief faction. In 1820, a pro-relief measure passed the General Assembly providing debtors a one-year stay on the collection of their debts if the creditor would accept payment in devalued notes issued by the Bank of the Commonwealth or a two-year stay if the creditor demanded payment in sound money. Two separate circuit courts found the law unconstitutional in the cases of "Williams v. Blair" and "Lapsley v. Brashear".
Meanwhile Rowan, who espoused the Relief position, was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1822 representing Jefferson and Oldham counties. He immediately became the leader of the Relief faction in the House. When Relief partisans decided to appeal "Williams" and "Lapsley" to the Kentucky Court of Appeals, which was at the time the court of last resort in the state, Rowan was chosen to argue the appeal before the court alongside George M. Bibb and Lieutenant Governor William T. Barry. Their efforts failed, however, as the Court found the measure unconstitutional, upholding the decisions of the lower courts.
On December 10, 1823, Rowan presented resolutions condemning the Court's decision to the legislature. The twenty-six page preamble to the resolutions laid out the Relief faction's reasoning upon the subject of debt relief and legislative supremacy. The preamble and resolutions were adopted by the House by a vote of 56–40. The offending judges – two of whom had been Rowan's colleagues during his service on the Court – were summoned before the legislature to defend their decisions later in December. Following their appearance, Rowan introduced a measure to remove them from office; the vote in the House was 56–40 in favor of the measure, but this fell short of the two-thirds majority needed to remove the judges. The Relief faction then introduced legislation to repeal the law that originally created the Court of Appeals, then replace the abolished court with a new court. Anti-Relief partisans decried the measure as blatantly unconstitutional. Rowan was the chief defender of the measure, and after his impassioned speech on the night of December 24, 1824, it passed by simple majority. In November 1824, Rowan heavily revised the preamble and resolutions he presented in the previous legislative session. These revised documents effectively formed the faction's platform for the upcoming elections.
Rowan's role in the Old Court – New Court controversy strained his relationship with his former friend, Benjamin Hardin. Hardin and Rowan had once been so close that Hardin named one of his sons "Rowan" in his colleague's honor. After the controversy, Hardin insisted that friends and family refer to Rowan Hardin as "Ben", but few people other than Hardin himself adopted the new name.
Service in the U.S. Senate.
As a result of the 1824 elections, the Relief faction gained a 22–16 majority in the state Senate and a 61–39 majority in the House. The pro-Relief majority in the state Senate subsequently elected Rowan to the U.S. Senate, which had the inadvertent effect of weakening the faction's cause in the House by removing its leader there. Rowan served in the Senate from March 4, 1825 to March 3, 1831. During the Twenty-first Congress, he was chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
On April 10, 1826, Rowan sponsored an amendment to legislation to reorganize the federal judiciary that would have required seven justices to concur with a decision in order to strike down a law as unconstitutional. The amendment, which ultimately failed, was offered in the aftermath of a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States declaring an occupying claimant law to be unconstitutional; Rowan personally disagreed with the Court's decision. Rowan offered another amendment providing that ministers of the federal courts would be subject to state laws when carrying out the decisions of the federal courts. After a month of debate, the entire bill was tabled.
An ally of Senator Richard Mentor Johnson, who was a primary voice against the practice of debt imprisonment, Rowan made a notable speech denouncing the practice on the Senate floor in 1828. A consistent opponent of internal improvements and tariffs, even those that would benefit his own constituents, he voted against a measure allocating federal funds for the construction of a road connecting the cities of Lexington and Maysville. The vote was ill-received by the people of the state, and Rowan's popularity took a significant hit. When the bill was re-introduced in the next congressional session, Rowan voted for it only after receiving significant pressure from the state legislature to do so. The bill passed in this session, but newly elected president Andrew Jackson vetoed it.
In the state legislative elections of 1830, the ascendent Whig Party gained control of both houses of the General Assembly. Rowan's strict adherence to Jeffersonian democracy and leadership of the New Court faction during the court controversy of the 1820s had put him at odds with Whig founder Henry Clay. By this time, however, not even Rowan's fellow Democrats endorsed his re-election. John J. Crittenden, a prominent Whig leader, was elected instead.
Later life and legacy.
After his service in the Senate, Rowan returned to Kentucky, dividing his time between Louisville and Bardstown. During an epidemic of cholera that spread through Bardstown in 1833, three of Rowan's children (William, Atkinson, and Mary Jane) died. The spouses of William and Mary Jane also died of cholera, as did Mary Jane's daughter, and Rowan's sister Elizabeth and her husband. Aid from Bishop Joseph Flaget and a group of nuns who traveled to Federal Hill during the epidemic probably spared the life of Rowan's orphaned granddaughter, Eliza Rowan Harney.
In 1836, Rowan and two other men founded the Louisville Medical Institute, the forerunner of the University of Louisville medical school. The next year, Rowan was chosen as the school's first president, serving in that capacity until 1842. He also served as the first president of the Kentucky Historical Society from 1838 until his death.
In his last act of public service, in 1839 Rowan was appointed as a commissioner to adjust land claims of U.S. citizens against the Republic of Mexico. During an adjournment of the commission in 1842, Rowan returned to Kentucky to visit relatives. While there, he fell ill and was unable to return to Washington, D.C.; consequently, he resigned his commission. Rowan died July 13, 1843. He was interred in the family burial ground at Federal Hill. In his will, Rowan specified that no marker should be placed over his grave, noting that his parents' graves had no markers, and he did not want to be honored above his parents. Several years later, members of his family placed a marker over his grave, despite his wishes. According to legend, the marker frequently tumbles from its base, purportedly a manifestation of Rowan haunting his grave.
According to tradition, Stephen Collins Foster, a relative of the Rowan family, was inspired to write his ballad "My Old Kentucky Home" after a visit to Rowan's Federal Hill mansion in 1852, but later historians have found no definitive proof that Foster ever visited the mansion at all. The mansion remained in the possession of Rowan's family until 1922, when his granddaughter, Madge (Rowan) Frost, sold it to the state of Kentucky to be preserved as a state shrine. Today, it is a part of My Old Kentucky Home State Park in Bardstown. In 1856, the Kentucky General Assembly created a new county from parts of Fleming and Morgan counties and named it Rowan County in Rowan's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2920189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920189" title="Simon Gerrans">
Simon Gerrans

Simon Gerrans (born 16 May 1980) is an Australian professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for the Australian UCI ProTour team, . Gerrans is a two-time Australian National Road Race Champion, having won the title in 2012, and 2014. His biggest triumphs are winning the Tour Down Under a record three times, and getting the better of one-day races such as the 2009 GP Ouest-France, the 2012 Milan – San Remo, the 2012 Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec, the 2014 Liège–Bastogne–Liège, and stage wins in all three Grand Tours. In the 2013 Tour de France, Gerrans claimed the yellow jersey on Stage 4 after being part of the winning team in the Stage 4 team time trial in Nice.
Biography.
Gerrans was born in Melbourne, Victoria and grew up in Mansfield, Victoria.
He took up cycling after injuring his knee and speaking with his neighbour, former Yellow Jersey holder Phil Anderson whom he credits with introducing him to the sport. Gerrans was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
In 2002, he finished fifth in the senior Australian National Road Race Championships, and took the under 23 title. He went on to ride as a trainee with the Carvalhelhos-Boavista team, based in Portugal from 1 September 2003, and then as a trainee for the team from 1 September 2004. He turned professional in 2005, staying with AG2R Prévoyance, and participated in his first Tour de France in the same year.
Gerrans underwent surgery at a hospital in Nice following a heavy fall in the GP d'Ouverture la Marseillaise in February, 2006. A pin was inserted into his shattered left collarbone and a screw put into his broken right shoulder, and had stitches in his head. He resumed training three weeks later and went on to represent Australia at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne.
In 2008, Gerrans rode for the Crédit Agricole team. He won stage 15 of the Tour de France, the high point of his career so far, after being in the four man breakaway for most of the day. Barely surviving attacks from the other strong climbers in the breakaway, in which the fourth rider was dropped from the group, he eventually sprinted away in the last few dozen metres, without a response from the two remaining contenders.
Following the closure of the Crédit Agricole team Gerrans signed with the UCI Professional Continental for the 2009 season. Despite his success of the previous year, he was not included in the squad for the 2009 Tour de France.
On stage 14 of the 2009 Giro d'Italia Gerrans attacked his breakaway companions on the short steep climb of San Luca, near Bologna, to win the stage – the first Grand Tour stage victory for Cervélo TestTeam. After winning 10th stage of the 2009 Vuelta a España Gerrans became the first Australian to win a stage of each of the three Grand Tours.
He signed with for season 2010 and made the Team Sky selection for the 2010 Tour de France. Gerrans was involved in a large crash on Stage 8 of the race resulting in a broken arm and his withdrawal from the race.
In 2011, Gerrans came 3rd in the Amstel Gold Race. In August, he won the Danmark Rundt. Shortly after that victory, it was announced that Gerrans would join for the team's inaugural season in 2012.
2012 season.
In January 2012, Gerrans became national road race champion for the first time, out-sprinting 's Matthew Lloyd and 's Richie Porte for victory. Later in the month he won the Tour Down Under for the second time. He secured the victory on stage 5, where his second place finish allowed him to take the ochre jersey ahead of Valverde, who won the stage. Both riders were on the same time, but due to better cumulative stage finishes, Gerrans took the lead and did not relinquish it. On 17 March 2012, Gerrans won Milan – San Remo in a three-man sprint finish, beating 's Fabian Cancellara and 's Vincenzo Nibali to the line in Sanremo. Later in the season, Gerrans took second place at the Clásica de San Sebastián, dominating the chase group sprint as the lone escapee Luis Leon Sanchez () crossed the line seven seconds before him. In September, Gerrans took his third victory in a 2012 UCI World Tour race by being victorious in the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec. He countered an attack by 's Greg Van Avermaet with to race. The pair went up the final difficulties of the day and broke clear of the bunch. Gerrans then out sprinted the Belgian to the finish line while the chasers were closing in at four seconds.
2013 season.
In 2013, with the help of his team , he enjoyed much success on the bike. He began the season with a decent Tour Down Under, winning the penultimate stage; after getting in a breakaway with Javier Moreno of Spain and Tom-Jelte Slagter of the Netherlands, Gerrans out-sprinted Slagter for the stage win. However most of his real successes came from Europe. Gerrans enjoyed a third place finish in the Amstel Gold Race. His participation in the Volta a Catalunya yielded more success, winning the sixth stage in a sprint finish; he did so by a bike length ahead of Gianni Meersman of Belgium. Gerrans began the Tour of the Basque Country well taking out the first stage honours. After a lead-out from team-mate Pieter Weening, Gerrans sprinted to his third stage victory of the year ahead of a fast-finishing Peter Velits of . He also finished tenth at Liège–Bastogne–Liège. At the Tour de France, Gerrans and his team endured a very successful start to the tour. After avoiding much of the carnage of the first two stages of the tour, Gerrans ended up taking the stage honours for the third stage after a sprint to the line finish where he narrowly edged out Slovakian Peter Sagan. The stage win was the first for at the Tour. also won the team time trial the following day, beating ; as a result, Gerrans donned the race leader's yellow jersey, only the sixth Australian cyclist to do so.
2014 season.
After winning the Australian National road race, Gerrans went on to win the Tour Down Under for the third time in his career, besting his fellow countryman Cadel Evans by a single second. He also prevailed on the first stage in the process and gained the leader's jersey thanks to time bonuses at intermediate sprints and stage finishes. On 27 April 2014 Gerrans won the cycling monument Liège–Bastogne–Liège in the sprint, becoming the first Australian to win the race.
On Stage 1 of the 2014 Tour de France, Mark Cavendish collided with Gerrans in the final 500 metres, with both crashing heavily to the ground. The crash happened as the front of the peloton overtook lone escapee Fabian Cancellara. Having failed to get the inside line on the left-hand curve, with his Omega-Pharma team out of the picture, Cavendish was pushing with his head and shoulders in a desperate attempt to move Australia’s Simon Gerrans to the left. Cavendish wanted to get a clear run to the line, but Gerrans did not yield because the Frenchman Bryan Coquard was to his left. Cavendish lost control of his front wheel and fell heavily on his right shoulder, with Gerrans, a stage winner and yellow jersey wearer last year, hitting the deck simultaneously.
Palmarès.
Monuments results.
This table shows Gerrans' results in the five cycling monuments.

</doc>
<doc id="2920190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920190" title="Khalistan Zindabad Force">
Khalistan Zindabad Force

The Khalistan Zindabad Force (KZF) is a militant group, and is part of the Khalistan movement to create a Sikh homeland called Khalistan via armed struggle.
It was identified in 2005 as a terrorist organisation by the EU.
Organization and activity.
The Khalistan Zindabad Force is headed by Ranjit Singh Neeta, a native of Jammu & Kashmir. He was listed among India's 20 most wanted persons in 2008.
The strength and striking capabilities of the Khalistan Zindabad Force are currently unknown, but it is reported that attempts have been made for the Khalistan Zindabad Force and other militant groups from Kashmir to co-ordinate their efforts. In December 2005 the European Union classified the Khalistan Zindabad Force as a terrorist organization, freezing its monetary assets throughout its 25 member countries. The Khalistan Zindabad Force was reported to still be active in 2008.
Claims
and denials
of responsibility have been reported in the name of the Khalistan Zindabad Force for a May 2009 attack at the Gurdwara Nanaksar in Vienna, Austria, that left Rama Nand, a leader of the Dera Sach Khand dead, 17 injured,
and sparked riots across northern India.

</doc>
<doc id="2920197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920197" title="Apollinaris of Laodicea">
Apollinaris of Laodicea

Apollinarius "the Younger" (died 390) was a bishop of Laodicea in Syria. He collaborated with his father Apollinarius the Elder in reproducing the Old Testament in the form of Homeric and Pindaric poetry, and the New Testament after the fashion of Platonic dialogues, when the emperor Julian had forbidden Christians to teach the classics.
Best known, however, as a noted opponent of Arianism, Apollinarius' eagerness to emphasize the deity of Jesus and the unity of his person led him so far as to deny the existence of a rational human soul (νοῦς, "nous") in Christ's human nature, this being replaced in him by the "Logos", so that his body was a glorified and spiritualized form of humanity. Over against this view the orthodox and catholic position (maintained by Catholicism, Eastern Orthodoxy, the Church of the East, Oriental Orthodoxy, Anglicanism, and most traditions within Protestantism) that God as his "Logos" assumed human nature in its entirety, including the νοῦς, for only so could he be humanity's perfect redeemer and prototype. It was alleged that the Apollinarian approach implied docetism, that if the Godhood without constraint swayed the manhood there was no possibility of real human probation or of real advance in Christ's manhood. The position was accordingly condemned by several synods and in particular by that of Constantinople (381).
This did not prevent its having a considerable following, which after Apollinarius' death divided into two sects, the more conservative taking its name (Vitalians) from Vitalis, the Apollinarist claimant to the see of Antioch, the other (Polemeans) adding the further assertion that the two natures were so blended that even the body of Christ was a fit object of adoration. The Apollinarian christology, along with Eutychianism, persisted in what was later the radically anti-Nestorian monophysite school.
Apollinarius did make a lasting contribution to orthodox theology in declaring that Christ was consubstantial (of one substance) with the Father as regarding his divinity and consubstantial with us as regarding his humanity. This formula, which originated with Apollinarius, later became official orthodox doctrine. Apollinaris was also one of the first to claim that God suffered and died on the cross, a claim which received immediate condemnation but later became acceptable in orthodox theology.
Although Apollinarius was a prolific writer, scarcely anything has survived under his own name. But a number of his writings are concealed under the names of orthodox Fathers, e.g. ἡ κατὰ μέρος πίστις, long ascribed to Gregory Thaumaturgus. These have been collected and edited by Hans Lietzmann.
Two letters of his correspondence with Basil of Caesarea are also extant, although there is scholarly debate regarding their authenticity because they record the orthodox theologian Basil asking Apollinarius for theological advice on the orthodox term 'homoousios'. These concerns may be unfounded, as before Apollinarius began promulgating what were seen as heretical doctrines, he was a highly respected bishop and friend of Athanasius and Basil.
He must be distinguished from the Apollinarius Claudius, bishop of Hierapolis, who bore the same name, and who wrote one of the early Christian "Apologies" (c. 170).

</doc>
<doc id="2920204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920204" title="Swipe file">
Swipe file

A swipe file is a collection of tested and proven advertising and sales letters. Keeping a swipe file (templates) is a common practice used by advertising copywriters and creative directors as a ready reference of ideas for projects.
Copywriters are not the only ones who can benefit from having a swipe file. As book publishing coach Diane Eble points out, authors and publishers can benefit from creating a swipe file of best-selling titles to give them ideas for their own titles. Publicists can create a swipe file of great press release headlines. Swipe files are a great jumping-off point for anybody who needs to come up with lots of ideas.
Swipe files are also commonly used by Internet Marketers who need to gather a lot of resources not only about products but also about marketing methods and strategies.

</doc>
<doc id="2920209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920209" title="Bernard Terminal">
Bernard Terminal

Bernard Terminal is a small bus station in York Region, Ontario, Canada, located at 11000 Yonge Street. It is on the west side of a mall on the southeast corner of Bernard Avenue and Yonge Street in the town of Richmond Hill, Ontario, one city block north of Elgin Mills Road East.
It replaced the previous bus loop at the north end of the Richmond Heights Centre, that was used after the former Toronto Transit Commission loop was replaced by GO Transit Yonge ‘C’ Buses in the 1970s, until the late 1990s.
The bus terminal land, formerly owned by the Town of Richmond Hill, was conveyed to York Region in 2005, since the responsibility for public transit now belonged to the Region.
It presently serves York Region Transit (YRT) routes 81 (Inspiration), 83 (Trench), 86 (Weldrick-Newkirk), 98 (Yonge North), and 99 (Yonge South), plus the recently-launched Viva Blue service; previously other routes served this stop, including the 84A and 84C Oak Ridges route.
During the first and second stages of Viva’s launch (launched on September 4, 2005, and October 16, 2005, respectively), Bernard Terminal served as the northernmost last stop of the Viva Blue line. On November 20, 2005, the line was extended northward to Newmarket Bus Terminal, relegating Bernard to a large intermediate stop.
The terminal consists of a series of partially covered platforms, Viva kiosk and fenced off driveway.
Bus service.
Bernard is the terminus and division point for the 98 Yonge and 99 Yonge routes and on weekday and Sunday, additional Viva Blue service to Finch also originates here. Regular Viva service, operating between Newmarket Bus Terminal and Finch Bus Terminal, stops on Yonge Street beside the terminal. Similarly the 83 Trench route has its stop on the south side of Bernard Avenue, north of the terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="2920212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920212" title="Battle of Hefei">
Battle of Hefei

Battle of Hefei may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920221" title="Murder of Philip Lawrence">
Murder of Philip Lawrence

Philip Ambrose Lawrence, QGM (21 August 1947 — 8 December 1995) was an Irish headmaster who was stabbed to death outside the gates of his school when he went to the aid of a pupil who was being attacked by a gang.
Biography.
Lawrence was born in Dublin, the son of a retired Indian Army colonel, and brought up in County Wicklow. He attended Ampleforth College and won an exhibition to read English at Queens' College, Cambridge, being awarded his BA in 1969 and his MA in 1970.
In the 1970s, he taught English at St. Benedict's School at Ealing Abbey, a Roman Catholic independent school. On 10 February 1973, he married Frances Huntley, a fellow teacher at the school; they had three daughters and a son.
Lawrence later became the Head of English at Gunnersbury Boys' School in Brentford, Deputy Headmaster at St. Mark's R.C. School, Hounslow, and later was named Headmaster of the Dick Sheppard School, a Lambeth comprehensive school. In 1993, he was appointed headmaster of St. George's Roman Catholic School, Maida Vale, regarded as a rough school with poor exam results. He improved the academic reputation of the school, but problems with violence continued. 
Murder.
The Wo Shing Wo gang, which was mainly Filipino, aspired to be a junior version of the Triads. Twelve of the gang's members, led by 15-year-old Learco Chindamo, who was a pupil at another school and claimed to be a Triad member, went to St. George's school on 8 December 1995, to "punish" 13-year-old black student William Njoh, who had quarrelled with a Filipino pupil. Lawrence saw them attack the boy with an iron bar and went outside to remonstrate with the gang. Chindamo punched Lawrence, then stabbed him in the chest; he died in hospital that evening. Chindamo was convicted of murder at the Old Bailey in October 1996, after a unanimous decision by the jury, and jailed indefinitely (as he was a juvenile at the time). The trial judge recommended that a minimum of 12 years should be served.
Chindamo had for years claimed that he was the victim of mistaken identity, and that the real killer was another boy who had borrowed his jacket, although he does not deny that he was present. During the trial it was shown that Chindamo's claim of links to Chinese Triad society was untruthful. On 10 October 1997, he lost his appeal. He was also a suspect in the non-fatal stabbing of a man named John Mills during a mugging in Camden several months before Lawrence's murder. Chindamo was born in Italy to a father from Italy and a mother from the Philippines. Chindamo and his mother moved to the UK when he was six.
Aftermath.
The case increased the level of concern expressed about levels of violence involving school-age youths, and the safety of pupils and staff while in school, which were beginning to become a public issue in the United Kingdom in the early 1990s.
Philip Lawrence was posthumously awarded the Queen's Gallantry Medal (QGM) on 14 June 1997.
The "Philip Lawrence Awards" were instituted by the then Home Secretary Michael Howard in Lawrence's honour, and were first presented on 15 March 1997. They honour outstanding achievement by young people aged between 11 and 20. Lawrence's widow Frances was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours for services to charity for her role in setting up the award.
Chindamo deportation controversy.
In August 2007, an Asylum and Immigration Tribunal ruled that Chindamo could not be deported to his home country of Italy on completion of his prison sentence. This decision was widely misunderstood as being primarily based in human rights law. In fact, there were two grounds for it.
EU Law:
First, he had resided in the UK for 19 years (having lived in England since age 6). Whilst 10 of those years did not count as he was in jail, the 9 remaining years were a sufficiently long time to make him a 'permanent resident' under EU law. As such, only 'serious grounds of...public security' could justify his expulsion. The tribunal disagreed with the Home Office's argument that this threshold was reached in Chindamo's case, so deportation was unlawful.
Human rights law:
Second, the tribunal found that even if the EU law argument had failed, he would have a right to stay under human rights law. In the exceptional circumstances of his having lived in England since age 6, an Article 8 right to "family life" was found in relation to his mother and siblings.
Criticism:
The decision was severely criticised by Frances Lawrence, widow of the murdered headteacher Philip Lawrence. David Cameron, as leader of the opposition, argued that the case showed the Human Rights Act 1998 'has to go' and be replaced by a "British Bill of Rights".
Release.
In July 2010, after a parole board recommended his release, Chindamo made a statement saying "I did a terrible thing when I killed Mr Lawrence... I have been rightly punished and I have always understood that I should not be released until I had changed and was no longer dangerous... I know that some people will not be able to accept that I have changed or that I should be allowed my freedom. I also know that I will spend the rest of my life atoning for my crime, and mean to do so by living quietly and decently." He was freed in July 2010. On 24 November 2010 Chindamo was arrested in Catford and detained by police for questioning in connection with a mugging. He is alleged to have threatened to kill a man before robbing him of a wallet and mobile phone in Camden.As a result of his arrest and remand in custody Chindamo was recalled to custody under the terms of the life license which comes with his original life sentence. On 24 August 2011, Chindamo and his two co-defendants were acquitted of robbery. He remained in custody under the terms of his life license as he was adjudged to present a risk. On 2 May 2014 the Parole Board announced its approval of Chindamo's re-release from custody.

</doc>
<doc id="2920226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920226" title="Bernd Dreher">
Bernd Dreher

Bernd Dreher (born 2 November 1966 in Leverkusen) is a German former football player. 
Dreher originally retired in summer 2003, taking up the role of Bayern youth goalkeeping coach and lending a hand to senior counterpart Sepp Maier in his efforts to keep Oliver Kahn and Michael Rensing in peak form. "I'm actually training more now than when I was a full professional," commented Dreher after taking part in practically every pre-season workout and tending one goal for the first team in practice matches and friendlies. For the 2005–06 campaign, Dreher was summoned out of "semi-retirement" and handed a new, one-year pro contract. "We've officially reactivated him. He's in such good shape, I'd have no hesitation picking him in any situation," coach Felix Magath said in praise of his new number three keeper, who became the oldest active player in the Bundesliga. Dreher was in goal for Bayern for one game in 2005–06, keeping a clean sheet against VfL Wolfsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="2920228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920228" title="Slogen">
Slogen

Slogen is a mountain rising up from Hjørundfjorden in the municipality of Ørsta in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The mountain is located just west of the municipal boundary with Stranda and just north of the nearby mountain Jakta. Many famous Norwegians have been on the top of this mountain, including most notably Queen Sonja of Norway.
Even though it is not among the highest peaks in Norway, the tall mountain is rated among the top ten mountain walks in Norway. This is largely due to its beauty, view, and the fact that it's rising directly from the fjord. 
Legend has it that Slogen was first climbed in 1870 by Jon Klokk. Later on that year it was climbed by the famous climber and alpine explorer William Cecil Slingsby. The latter wrote about the view from Slogen as "one of the proudest in Europe".

</doc>
<doc id="2920230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920230" title="Peter Bruff">
Peter Bruff

Peter Schuyler Bruff (1812–1900), born in Portsmouth, England, was a civil engineer best known for founding the seaside resort town of Clacton on Sea, Essex, and for improving the lives of residents in the Essex towns of Walton-on-the-Naze, Colchester and Harwich. By the time of his death in 1900, Peter Bruff had helped turn what had thirty years before been an empty piece of farmland with a beach into the flourishing seaside town of Clacton on Sea.
Eastern Counties Railway.
While working with Eastern Counties Railway from Shoreditch to Colchester, Bruff began work on the Chappel Viaduct, which was constructed between 1847 and 1849. The viaduct carries the Sudbury Branch Line across the Colne Valley in Essex. It stands above the river, has 32 arches and is long. The viaduct contains 4.5 million bricks. It was Bruff's dream for the line to Colchester to carry on as far as Ipswich but the railway company did not have sufficient funds. As a result, Bruff formed his own company, the Eastern Union Railway, and built the line himself, including the 361 yd (330 m) tunnel through Stoke Hill by Ipswich railway station.
Contributions to Walton.
While working on the Ipswich line in 1855 he bought a house, Burnt House Farm, in Walton, an already an established but unremarkable town on the Essex coast near Frinton. He began to work on developing Walton as a recognized seaside resort.
He took a major step in accomplishing this when in 1867, having accomplished the Ipswich line, he built another railway line, to Walton. Peter Bruff's pier at Walton replaced an existing smaller pier which was blown down by a storm in 1881. Bruff was also responsible for the building of the Marine Terrace, South Terrace (destroyed by bombing in World War II) and Clifton Baths (today the Pier Hotel).
Contributions to Clacton.
Bruff is regarded by some as the Richard Branson of the 19th Century for the work he did in Clacton, which was virtually non-existent when he arrived. Upon his arrival in 1864, Bruff made a private deal to buy , the central part of the town, for around £10,000. The land concerned centred on the area each side of the Pier and back as far as Rosemary Lane. In approximately 1870, work began on the seaside resort of Clacton-on-Sea. The Times in 1871 wrote "That being an entirely new creation and not the adaptation of an existing town, none of the evils inseparable from the old watering holes will be allowed to exist in it. There will be no slums, nor do any object that can offend the eye." When the pier opened, the town began to truly grow.
His later constructions in the town included: the Royal Hotel in 1872, a public hall in Pier Avenue, which was destroyed by a fire in 1939, and the creation of the town centre. There is now a hospital ward and a residential road, both named in Bruff's memory.

</doc>
<doc id="2920235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920235" title="History of the Royal Air Force">
History of the Royal Air Force

The history of the Royal Air Force, the air force of the United Kingdom, spans nearly a century of British military aviation.
The RAF was founded in 1918, toward the end of World War I by merging the Royal Flying Corps and the Royal Naval Air Service. After the war, the RAF was greatly reduced in size and during the inter-war years it was used to "police" the British Empire. The RAF underwent rapid expansion prior to and during the Second World War. During the war it was responsible for the aerial defence of Great Britain, the strategic bombing campaign against Germany and tactical support to the British Army around the world.
During the Cold War, the main role of the RAF was the defence of the continent of Europe against potential attack by the Soviet Union, including holding the UK's nuclear deterrent for a number of years. After the Cold War, the RAF was involved in several large scale operations, including the Gulf War, the Kosovo War, the War in Afghanistan, the Iraq War.
Formation and the inter-war years.
Formation.
Whilst the British were not the first to make use of heavier-than-air military aircraft, the RAF is the world's oldest independent air force: that is, the first air force to become independent of army or navy control. The RAF was founded on 1 April 1918 by the amalgamation of the Royal Flying Corps and the Royal Naval Air Service and was controlled by the British Government Air Ministry which had been established three months earlier. The Royal Flying Corps had been born out of the Air Battalion of the Royal Engineers and was under the control of the British Army. The Royal Naval Air Service was its naval equivalent and was controlled by the Admiralty. The decision to merge the two services and create an independent air force was a response to the events of World War I, the first war in which air power made a significant impact. The creation of the new force was based on the Smuts Report prepared by Field Marshal Jan Smuts for the Imperial War Cabinet on which he served.
To emphasize the merger of both military and naval aviation in the new service, many of the titles of officers were deliberately chosen to have a naval flavour, such as flight lieutenant, wing commander, group captain, and air commodore.
The newly created RAF was the most powerful air force in the world on its creation, with over 20,000 aircraft and over 300,000 personnel (including the Women's Royal Air Force). The squadrons of the RFC kept their numerals while those of the RNAS were renumbered from 201 onwards. At the time of the merger, the Navy's air service had 55,066 officers and men, 2,949 aircraft, 103 airships and 126 coastal stations. The remaining personnel and aircraft came from the RFC. The RAF's last known surviving founder member was the World War I veteran Henry Allingham who died in 2009 aged 113. A memorial to the RAF was commissioned after the war in central London.
Policing the Empire and activities in Great Britain.
Following the end of World War I and the accompanying British defence cuts, the newly independent (and still temporary) RAF waited nine months to see if it would be retained by the Cabinet. 6,500 officers, all holding temporary commissions or seconded from the Army and Navy, applied for permanent commissions. The Cabinet sanctioned a maximum of 1,500 and the Air Ministry offered 1,065 to the applicants, publishing the first list on 1 August 1919, 75% of them short-term (two to five years). The service as a whole had been reduced in strength to 35,000.
The RAF took up the task of policing the British Empire from the air. It was argued that the use of air power would prove to be a more cost-effective way of controlling large areas than by using conventional land forces. Sir Hugh Trenchard, the Chief of the Air Staff, had formulated ideas about the use of aircraft in colonial policing and these were first put into practice in 1920 when the RAF and imperial ground units defeated rebel Somaliland dervishes. The following year, in 1921, the RAF was given responsibility for all British forces in Iraq with the task of 'policing' the tribal unrest. The RAF also saw service in Afghanistan in 1928, when following the outbreak of civil war, the British Legation and some European diplomatic staff based in Kabul were cut off. The operation to rescue them, the Kabul Airlift, was the first evacuation of civilians by air.
It was during the inter-war years that the RAF had to fight for its survival - some questioned the need for a separate air force, especially in peacetime. To prevent itself being disbanded and its duties returned to the Army and the Navy, the RAF spent considerable energies keeping itself in the public eye by such things as the annual Hendon Air Show and by supporting a team for the Schneider Trophy competition. In 1936, a reorganisation of RAF command saw the creation of Fighter Command, Bomber Command and Coastal Command.
Naval aviation.
The creation of the RAF removed all aircraft and flying personnel from the Navy, although the Admiralty remained in control of aircraft carriers. On 1 April 1924, the Fleet Air Arm of the Royal Air Force was formed under Air Ministry control. It consisted of those RAF units that were normally embarked on aircraft carriers and fighting ships. The Chief of the Air Staff, Lord Trenchard, his air staff and his successors argued that "air is one and indivisible" and hence that naval aviation was properly the responsibility of the RAF. The Admiralty took the opposite view and, during the first half of the 1920s, pressed hard for the return of naval aviation to their control. It has been argued that the British defence arrangements in the inter-war years had a serious impact upon the doctrinal development of British naval air power as the Navy lacked experienced naval aviators.
During the 1920s and first half of the 1930s, Government spending on the RAF was limited and the air staff put a higher priority on strategic bombing than on naval aviation. The result of this was that by the late 1930s the Fleet Air Arm was equipped with outdated aircraft in limited numbers. By 1936, the Admiralty were once again campaigning for the return of naval aviation to their control. This time they were successful and on 30 July 1937, the Admiralty took over responsibility for the administration of the Fleet Air Arm. Under two years later, on 24 May 1939, the Fleet Air Arm was returned to full Admiralty control under the "Inskip Award" and renamed the Air Branch of the Royal Navy. The RAF name of the Fleet Air Arm remained in informal usage and was later adopted officially. Land-based aircraft of Coastal Command which defended the United Kingdom from naval threats remained under RAF control.
Strategic bombing.
The RAF developed its doctrine of strategic bombing which led to the construction of long-range bombers and became the basic philosophy in the Second World War.
World War II (1939–1945).
The RAF underwent rapid expansion following the outbreak of war against Germany in 1939. This included the training of British aircrews in British Commonwealth countries under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan, and the secondment of many whole squadrons, and tens of thousands of individual personnel, from Commonwealth air forces. For example, by the end of the war, Royal Canadian Air Force personnel had contributed more than 30 squadrons to service with RAF formations; almost a quarter of Bomber Command's personnel were Canadian. Similarly, about nine percent of the personnel who served with the RAF in Europe and the Mediterranean were seconded from the Royal Australian Air Force. To these and other British Commonwealth personnel were later added thousands of men from other countries, including many who had fled from German-occupied Europe.
A defining period of the RAF's existence came during the Battle of Britain. Over the summer of 1940 the RAF held off the "Luftwaffe" in perhaps the most prolonged and complicated air campaign in history. This arguably contributed immensely to the delay and cancellation of German plans for an invasion of the United Kingdom (Operation Sea Lion). Of these few hundred RAF fighter pilots, Prime Minister Winston Churchill famously said in the House of Commons on August 20, "Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few". Although, he first spoke these words upon exiting the Battle of Britain Bunker at RAF Uxbridge on August 16. However, in recent years some military historians have controversially suggested that the RAF's actions would not have prevented an invasion and that key deterrent was the Royal Navy's command of the sea.
The main RAF effort during the war was the strategic bombing campaign against Germany. From May 31, 1942 RAF Bomber Command was able to mount large-scale night raids, sometimes involving up to 1,000 aircraft. From mid-1942 increasing numbers of these aircraft were heavy four-engined bombers such as the Handley-Page Halifax and the Avro Lancaster. Noteworthy raids include Operation Millennium against Cologne, the first 1000-bomber raid; Operation Chastise, the 'Dambusters' raids on targets in the Ruhr Valley; Operation Gomorrah, the destruction of Hamburg; and the 'Battle of Berlin'. The lighter, fast two-engine de Havilland Mosquito fighter-bomber was used for tactical raids like Operation Carthage, a raid on the Gestapo headquarters in Copenhagen, as well as a night-fighter. The value of this campaign to the Allied war effort has been disputed and it can be argued that it was a diversion or resources away from other vital areas - regardless of its moral implications.
There exists considerable historical controversy about the ethics of large-scale firebombing attacks against German cities during the last few months of the war, such as the bombing of Dresden, the bombing of Pforzheim, the bombing of Heilbronn, and other German cities.
1948 Arab–Israeli War.
Following the end of the British Mandate of Palestine, the State of Israel was founded on 14 May 1948. Egyptian forces crossed into Israeli territory as part of a wider Arab League military coalition, with the Royal Egyptian Air Force providing light bombers as well as Spitfires. On 22 May, the Egyptians attacked RAF Ramat David, believing the base had already been taken over by Israeli forces. Two Royal Egyptian Air Force Spitfire LF.IXs strafed RAF Spitfire FR.XVIIIs of No. 32 Squadron and No. 208 Squadron on the ground. Flying Officers Geoff Cooper and Roy Bowie of 208 Squadron. then took off in their Spitfire FR.XVIIIs to mount a standing patrol. Three Egyptian Spitfire LF.IXs launched a second attack, two of which were shot down by Cooper and Bowie. Flying Officers McElhaw and Hully, also of 32 Squadron, took over the standing patrol before the third wave of Egyptian Spitfires arrived. Flying Officer McElhaw shot both of these down. The last Egyptian aircraft was baited for some time as the RAF pilots attempted to get a close look at its markings before it was destroyed.
Cold War (1947–1990).
After victory in World War II, the RAF was to be further re-organized, as technological advances in air warfare saw the arrival of jet fighters and bombers. The first significant Cold War action of the RAF was its support to the Berlin Airlift in 1948 and 1949 which was originally designated Operation Knicker and Operation Carter-Paterson and later titled Operation Plainfare.
Although the United Kingdom did not base any RAF squadrons in Korea during the Korean War, several RAF pilots saw action while on exchange with the United States Air Force, mainly flying F-86 Sabres. They were credited with seven kills. Other RAF pilots flew Meteors in Royal Australian Air Force squadrons on ground support attacks. Two flights of Army Cooperation aircraft flew in support of artillery spotting and reconnaissance. In addition, the two RAF squadrons of flying boats were based in Japan and flew maritime reconnaissance.
The RAF also played a pivotal part in the Malayan Emergency in military operations against communist insurgents in Malaya. The RAF bombing campaign of Malaya was very ineffective and had killed between 670 to 995 non-combatants throughout the conflict.
Before Britain developed its own nuclear weapons, the RAF was provided with American nuclear weapons under Project E. After Britain developed its own nuclear weapons, the RAF's V bomber squadrons took sole responsibility for carrying the UK's nuclear deterrent until the development of the Royal Navy's Polaris submarines. Following the introduction of Polaris in 1968 the RAF's strategic nuclear role was reduced to a tactical one, using the WE.177 gravity bombs. This tactical role was continued by the V bombers into the 1980s and until 1998 by Tornado GR1s.
The primary role of the RAF in the Cold War years was the defence of Western Europe against potential attack by the Soviet Union, with many squadrons based in West Germany. With the decline of the British Empire, global operations were scaled back, and RAF Far East Air Force was disbanded on 31 October 1971.
Despite this, the RAF fought in many battles in the Cold War period. In June 1948 the RAF commenced Operation Firedog against Malayan terrorists during the Malayan Emergency. Operations continued for the next 12 years until 1960 with aircraft flying out of RAF Tengah and RAF Butterworth. The RAF played a minor role in the Korean War, with flying boats taking part. From 1953 to 1956 the RAF Avro Lincoln squadrons carried out anti-Mau Mau operations in Kenya using its base at RAF Eastleigh. The Suez Crisis in 1956 saw a large RAF role, with aircraft operating from RAF Akrotiri and RAF Nicosia on Cyprus and RAF Luqa and RAF Hal Far on Malta as part of Operation Musketeer. The Konfrontasi against Indonesia in the early 1960s did see use of RAF aircraft, but due to a combination of deft diplomacy and selective ignoring of certain events by both sides, it never developed into a full scale war.
Belize (1975-94).
Belize (the former British Honduras) had been threatened for a number of years by Guatemala which claimed rights to the territory. In 1975 following the breakdown in negotiations between the United Kingdom and Guatemala, Guatemalan troops were active close to the border, and in October 1975 three Westland Puma helicopters were flown out to Belize Airport as the British garrison was reinforced to a 1,000 troops. In November six Hawker Siddeley Harriers of 1 Squadron were flown to Belize to provide some defence of the border and support the troops. By April 1976 the threat had reduced the Harriers were flown back to the United Kingdom. Further negotiations failed to come to an agreement and in June 1977 the garrision was again reinforced with six Harriers returning in July. Although Belize was not invaded the Pumas and Harriers were kept in Belize, the three Pumas as 1563 Flight (manned in rotation from 33 and 230 Squadrons, and 1417 Flight with four Harriers (manned in rotation from 1, 3 and 4 Squadrons). The airfield was defended by the RAF Regiment with Rapier and Bofors L40/70 detachments. While they was a civil war in Guatemala in the 1970s and 1980s the British forces provided a deterrent as well as using the country for jungle warfare training. In 1991 Guatemala recognised Belize and the Harriers left in July 1993 and the Pumas in 1994.
Falklands War.
The Falklands War in 1982 was mainly fought by the Navy and Army due to the distance of the battlefield from friendly airfields. However RAF aircraft were deployed in the mid-Atlantic at RAF Ascension Island and on board the Navy's aircraft carriers alongside aircraft of the Fleet Air Arm. A detachment from No. 1 Squadron was deployed to the British Fleet during the War, operating from HMS "Hermes" and flying ground attack missions against Argentine forces. RAF pilots also flew Royal Navy Sea Harriers in the air-to-air combat role and four RAF pilots shot down five Argentine aircraft.
The most high profile RAF missions in this conflict were the famous Black Buck raids using Avro Vulcans flying from Ascension Island. However, the Service did many other things during the conflict, with its helicopters in the Falklands themselves, its Harrier GR3s flying from HMS "Hermes", its fighter aircraft protecting Ascension, Nimrod MR2 maritime patrol aircraft scanning the South Atlantic, and tanker and transport fleet helping in the enormous logistical effort required for the war.
After the war the RAF remained in the South Atlantic to provide air defence to the Falkland Islands. The mid-Atlantic base on Ascension Island continued to be used as a staging post for the air bridge between the Great Britain and the Falkland Islands. In 1984 RAF Mount Pleasant was built to provide a fighter and transport facility on the islands thereby strengthening the defence capacity of the British Forces. Various radar sites were established and a detachment of the RAF Regiment provided anti-aircraft support until that role was transferred to the Royal Artillery. In 2009 the air defence F3s were replaced by four Typhoons which are based at RAF Mount Pleasant.
1990–present.
Gulf War.
During the build-up to the Gulf War, RAF fighters were based in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. On 17 January 1991, the main air campaign began and over 100 RAF aircraft took part in virtually every conceivable role. It marked an important turning point in the RAF's history as it was the first time the service had used precision-guided munitions in significant amounts. In the years following the end of the war, the RAF were involved in operations to enforce the no-fly zones over Iraq and the Service took part in the Bombing of Iraq in 1998.
Afghanistan.
As part of the British contribution (codenamed Operation Veritas) to the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan, the RAF provided support to the United States by operating air-to-air refuelling tankers and reconnaissance aircraft as well as proving the use of its bases. Chinook helicopters have provided airlift support to coalition forces. In late 2004, as part of Operation Herrick, RAF Harriers were based at Kandahar Airfield in Afghanistan, operating in the close air support role against the Taliban. The Harriers were replaced by an equivalent force of Tornados GR4 in spring 2009.
Iraq War.
The 2003 invasion of Iraq saw a large RAF deployment to the Gulf, including RAF strike aircraft. The RAF also staged the base for the 4 US B-52 Bombers which attacked Iraq almost every night. The only RAF losses were a friendly fire incident when an RAF Tornado jet was shot down by a US Patriot missile killing both pilot and Weapons Systems Operator due to the Patriot missile mistakenly recognising the Tornado as a Mig, and a Hercules transport plane shot down by ground fire killing the ten personnel on board just after take off from the US controlled airfield. Following the invasion occupation of southern Iraq by British Forces, the RAF was deployed at Basra. Currently, as part of Operation Telic, Merlin, Puma and Chinook helicopters operate from Basrah, protected by the RAF Regiment, forming 903 Expeditionary Air Wing. RAF operations in Iraq ended in 2009.
Libyan civil war.
In 2011 the RAF played a significant role in the NATO intervention in Libya. The British participation was codenamed Operation Ellamy and the RAF contribution involved the deployment of Typhoon multirole fighters, Tornado GR4 interdictor/strike aircraft, Sentry AEW.1 AWACS aircraft, a Nimrod R1 signals intelligence aircraft, a Sentinel R1 airborne standoff radar aircraft, VC10 air-to-air refuelling tankers and TriStar air-to-air refuelling tankers.
Other operations and activities.
In 1993, RAF Tornado F3s and AWACS aircraft contributed to Operation Deny Flight, NATO's operation to restrict airspace movements over Bosnia and Herzegovina. The operation continued until late 1995. Since that time, RAF helicopters have remained in Bosnia to provide support to the United Nations.
The Kosovo War in 1999 saw the RAF fight over Europe for the first time since World War II. During the bombing of Yugoslavia, the RAF operated the Harrier GR7 and Tornado ground attack jets as well as an array of support aircraft.
In 2004, four RAF Panavia Tornado F.3s deployed to the Baltic States for three months to provide the British contribution to the NATO-led Baltic Air Policing operation and in 2005 support and transport aircraft were dispatched to South East Asia following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake disaster in order to provide aid relief support.
The RAF's 90th anniversary was commemorated on 1 April 2008 by a flypast of 9 Red Arrows and 4 Typhoons along the Thames, in a straight line from just south of London City Airport Tower Bridge, the London Eye, the RAF Memorial and (at 13.00) the Ministry of Defence building.
Number of personnel.
Following the end of World War I, the RAF was greatly reduced in size and only rebuilt in significant number in the years immediately pre-ceding World War II. At its peak during World War II, there were over one million RAF servicemen. Following the demobilization after World War II, the RAF has steadily declined in numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="2920237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920237" title="Joe Berlinger">
Joe Berlinger

Joseph "Joe" Berlinger (born October 30, 1961) is an American documentary film-maker who, in collaboration with Bruce Sinofsky, has created such films as "" about the West Memphis 3, "Brother's Keeper", "Some Kind of Monster", and "Crude".
In collaboration with journalist Greg Milner, Berlinger has also written a book called "", which is about his journey from making the poorly received "Blair Witch 2" to creating "Some Kind of Monster" with Metallica, one of the world's most famous metal bands.
Berlinger has also worked on TV series such as "", "D.C." and "FanClub".
The first film Berlinger directed, in 1992, was the documentary "Brother's Keeper", which tells the story of Delbart Ward, an elderly man in Munnsville, New York, who was charged with second-degree murder following the death of his brother William. "Chicago Tribune" film critic Roger Ebert, in his review of the movie, called it "an extraordinary documentary about what happened next, as a town banded together to stop what folks saw as a miscarriage of justice."
He graduated from Colgate University in 1983. He lives with his wife and daughters in New York.
Chevron Corporation subpoenaed the outtakes from Berlinger's 2009 film "Crude". Berlinger fought the request, citing reporters' privilege, but in 2010 a federal judge ordered Berlinger to turn over more than 600 hours of footage created during the film's production. Berlinger appealed, but in 2011 the US 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the lower court ruling against Berlinger. After spending $1.3 million on legal fees on the case, Berlinger expressed concerns about being able to make documentaries about legal cases in the future.
"Paradise Lost".
Berlinger is best known for the film series "Paradise Lost", which documents the murder trial and the subsequent legal battles of three teenagers wrongfully convicted of murder. The community of West Memphis, Arkansas believed that the three teenagers (known as the West Memphis Three) murdered three eight-year-old boys as part of a Satanic ritual, even though no physical evidence linked the three young men to the crime. "Paradise Lost" documents the 17-year ordeal of these three young men from arrest to conviction to years of unsuccessful appeals and finally to a successful appeal.
The film series brought mainstream attention to the case, and many celebrities took up the cause of getting these young men out of prison and getting Damien Echols off of death row. The mainstream attention, brought on by the documentary series, allowed for a well-financed legal team to investigate every lead in the case. These subsequent investigations showed the incompetence of the West Memphis police, who had never dealt with this type of crime, and that the police let other suspects disappear from the community; for example, a man covered in blood used a restroom in a restaurant within walking distance of the murder scene shortly after the time of the murders. In addition to the failure to apprehend the suspect, the police lost the blood samples, even though this strange man left blood all over the bathroom. This mistake meant that the experts could never determine if this strange man was covered in the victims' blood.
Ultimately, the defense team hired DNA experts to test genetic material after fighting the prosecution for years to get access to it, and these tests again proved that no physical evidence linked the West Memphis Three to the murders; rather, a hair from one boy's stepfather was found tied into one of the shoelaces used to hogtie the victims.

</doc>
<doc id="2920238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920238" title="Ozias (disambiguation)">
Ozias (disambiguation)

Ozias most commonly refers to Uzziah, the king of the ancient Kingdom of Judah.
Ozias may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920239" title="Duumviri">
Duumviri

In ancient Rome, duumviri (Lat "duumvir", "one of the two men"; in plural originally duoviri, "the two men") was the official style of two joint magistrates. Such pairs of magistrates were appointed at various periods of Roman history both in Rome itself and in the colonies and municipia.
"Duumviri iuri (iure) dicundo" were the highest judicial magistrates in the cities of Italy and its provinces. Their chief duties were concerned with the administration of justice. The activities of these individuals are described in the local statutes such as "Lex Iulia Municipalis", "Lex Irnitana", "Lex Malacitana", "Lex Rubria", "Lex Coloniae", and "Genetivae Iuliae". The office was determined by election and lasted one year. Combined with the "duumviri aediles", they formed the "quattuorviri", a board of four officials. It was often the case that the emperor was elected as one "duumvir" and the other position was left up to the emperor for the appointment of a "praefectus".
"Duumviri quinquennales" were also municipal officers, not to be confused with the above, who were elected every fifth year for one year to exercise the function of the censorship which was in abeyance for the intervening four years.
"Duumviri sacrorum", which were created by Tarquin, were officers for the performance of sacrifice, and keeping of the Sibylline Books. They were chosen out of the nobility, or "patricii", and held their office for life. They were exempted from serving in war, and from the offices imposed on the other citizens. Without them, the oracles of the Sybils could not be consulted. The commission held until the year -388, when, at the request of C. Licinius and L. Sexius, tribunes of the people, they were increased to ten ("decemviri sacris faciundis"). That is, in lieu of two persons, the trust was committed to ten – half patricians, half plebeians. Sulla added five to their number, for a total of fifteen ("quindecimviri sacris faciundis"). Afterwards, their body was greatly increased, and at length amounted to sixty; yet still retained the denomination of "quindecimviri". They were entirely abolished under Emperor Theodosius I.
"Duumviri aedi dedicandae" were magistrates who, by way of a decree of the senate, performed the dedication of an area planned for the construction of a temple, or a temple already constructed, to a deity. Such an individual might be appointed to dedicate a temple that had been constructed at the expense of another magistrate who was no longer in office.
"Duumviri aedi locandae" were originally officers specially appointed to supervise the erection of a temple, if a higher magistrate such as a consul, praetor, or censor, was not managing it. These were sometimes the same as the "duumviri aedi dedicandae".
"Duumviri aediles" were two officials similar in function to the aediles; they were in charge of imposing fines.
"Duumviri navales", extraordinary officers appointed ad hoc for the equipping of a fleet. Originally chosen by consuls or dictator, they were elected by the people after 311 BC (Livy, "AUC" ix. 30; xl. 18; xli. I).
The "capital" duumvirs, "duumviri perduellionis", were not ordinary magistrates, but created on certain occurrences. They were the earliest criminal court for trying cases of "perduellio" (high treason). They continued to be appointed under the Republic, with the last mention in 63 BC; however, since the mid-3rd century BC, plebeian tribunes are known to have taken up such cases. The first duumvirs of this kind were those appointed to judge the surviving Horatius, for killing his sister after vanquishing the Curiatii.
"Duumviri viis extra urbem purgandis" were subordinate officers under the aediles, whose duty it was to look after those streets of Rome which were outside the city walls. They were members of the group of "vigintisexviri". Apparently in 20 BC, certainly by 12 BC, their duties were transferred to the "curatores viarum". From at least as early as 45 BC (cf. the "Lex Julia Municipalis") the streets of the city were superintended by "quattuorviri viis in urbe purgandis", later called "quattuorviri viarum purgandarum".

</doc>
<doc id="2920240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920240" title="Assassin (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Assassin (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

The assassin is a playable character class in the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. It first appeared in 1975 in the "Blackmoor" supplement, as a thief sub-class. It next appeared in the first edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" again as a thief sub-class. It later appeared as an optional kit for rogues in the second edition and as prestige class in the third edition. Assassins are killers and spies; the class is modeled on perceptions of real-world historical assassins.
Publication history.
"Dungeons & Dragons" (1974–1976).
The assassin first appeared in the "Blackmoor" supplement, as a thief sub-class. It had greater weapon options and more hit points than a thief, but fewer followers, and less skill in the thief special abilities. The class also had an ability to create a very convincing disguise. Finally, they were capable of performing "assassinations," often for an additional XP reward, although there was a chance for failure on this.
"Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" 1st edition (1977–1988).
The assassin was one of the standard character classes available in the original "Player's Handbook". In 1st Edition D&D, assassin was a sub-class of thief and available to characters starting at 1st level. The class included most class abilities of the thief class with an expanded weapon list and the ability to use shields. Assassins also had the "assassination" ability, offering a percentage chance to perform an assassination against a target.
"Dungeons & Dragons" (1977–1999).
The assassin was not available as a character class in the game's "Basic" edition.
"Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" 2nd edition (1989–1999).
The assassin was removed as a standard character class for the second edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons". "The Complete Thief's Handbook" presented assassins as a "kit" (class variant) for the Thief class. The assassin was also reintroduced in "The Scarlet Brotherhood" and, thematically, in "The Complete Ninja's Handbook".
"Dungeons & Dragons" 3rd edition (2000–2007).
With the release of the third edition rules, the Assassin was reintroduced as a prestige class.
To become an assassin, the character must be of an evil alignment. He must also be skilled at disguising himself, moving silently and hiding from his targets. The final step is to prove his worth by hunting down and killing a target in cold blood, for no other reason than to prove his worthiness of the title.
The abilities of an assassin are aimed at being able to kill or incapacitate a target while reducing the risk to the individual assassin. They are skilled at dealing unexpected damage from sneak attacks and can poison their blades without the risk of accidentally poisoning themselves. With training they can deliver sneak attacks that can instantly kill their targets; alternatively, if the target is wanted alive they can merely paralyze the target, allowing time for them to be tied up, placed in manacles or otherwise restrained. At higher levels assassins can even hide themselves while in plain sight of an enemy.
Assassins gain a limited amount of magical talent, allowing them to cast arcane spells with a high enough intelligence. The spells are cast spontaneously in a similar manner to a bard or sorcerer in the 3.5 revision; in 3rd edition they cast more similarly to a wizard. The spell effects are generally those that make it easier to approach or kill a target, or those that aid the assassin's escape if discovered.
"Dungeons & Dragons" 4th edition (2008–).
In "Dragon" magazine 379 the assassin was released as a separate class. Announced in June, the assassin was the first "D&D Insider" exclusive class. It has the Striker role and the Shadow power source. It has the shadow power source because they gained power from the Shadowfell that allows them to manipulate shadows.
In 4th edition, a rogue may take the Shadow Assassin paragon path upon reaching 11th level. This gives the rogue access to several new abilities, as well as increasing sneak attack damage significantly. "Martial Power" includes the Perfect Assassin epic destiny.
The Avenger character class detailed in the "Player's Handbook 2" includes a "Zealous Assassin" paragon path that focuses on using teleportation to gain advantage over enemies or to make a quick escape after an attack.
4th edition also includes assassin NPCs, such as the "Monster Manual'"s Doppelganger Assassin, Rakshasa Assassin and Snaketongue Assassin monsters.
A "Dragon" article titled "The Art of the Kill" contained information for having characters that were assassins due to skill rather than the more magical touch the assassin had in 3rd and 4th edition.
In "Heroes of Shadow", the Assassin build of "heroic executioner" is presented with an altered build that focuses more on a martial version of the shadow powers and emphasis on poison use.

</doc>
<doc id="2920251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920251" title="Superman (Earth-Two)">
Superman (Earth-Two)

Superman of Earth-Two is a superhero in comic books published by DC Comics, who first specifically appeared in Justice League Vol 1. #73 (August 1969). He is a version of the Kryptonian superhero Superman from an alternate reality called Earth-Two. Unlike the more popular Earth-One Superman, the Earth-Two Superman is portrayed as significantly older and is given the birth name of 
Fictional character biography.
When the Golden Age of Comic Books came to a close in the 1950s, most of DC Comics' superhero comic books ceased publication. At the start of the Silver Age, characters such as the Flash and Green Lantern were revamped for more modern times, ignoring or abandoning established continuity and thus making a clean break between the two eras. It was later established that the Golden Age and Silver Age heroes lived on Earth-Two and Earth-One respectively, these being separate parallel Earths in a single Multiverse.
Superman was one of the few exceptions; his stories had been published without interruption since his 1938 debut in "Action Comics" #1. This caused a continuity problem, in that Superman was simultaneously a member of the Justice Society of America on Earth-Two and also member of the Justice League of America on Earth-One. It was eventually resolved that there were two Supermen. The Silver Age Superman was Kal-El from Earth-One, and the Golden Age Superman was Kal-L from Earth-Two.
Several differences between the two Supermen were established to clarify the distinction. The Earth-One names "Kal-El", "Jor-El" and "Jonathan and Martha Kent" became "Kal-L", "Jor-L" and "John and Mary Kent" on Earth-Two, as in the original Golden Age stories. Kal-L's costume was largely adapted from the 1940s drawing style, retaining the famous sweatshirt wrist cuffs, while his S-shield symbol was originally very different from the main Superman S symbol, adapting the 1940s six-sided version with the tail endings and hard left tilt of the S edges. George Pérez famously redesigned Kal-L's 1940s S shield (starting in JLA (Vol 1) #197) to be mostly the main S symbol with five sides and to merely reflect the tilt connecting the upper edge to the side of shield. Some artists such as Alex Ross and others including Justice Society series artist Dale Eaglesham continued to use the specific 6 sided 1940s S shield after Perez's change for Kal-L. Stories featuring both Supermen also indicated that Kal-L was the older of the two, being depicted as late-middle-aged, with grey or solid white hair at the base hair-line and face wrinkles, while his Earth-One counterpart was a youthful man of modern times.
These choices not only helped DC Comics to restore continuity to some of the character's Golden Age stories, but also led them to experiment with a Superman other than the mainstream one. Several differences between Kal-L and the better-known Kal-El were introduced. Kal-L was written to be different from the original Golden Age Superman, most famously by revealing his dual identities of Clark Kent and Superman to the woman he loved in the late 1940s, the Lois Lane of Earth-Two, and eventually marrying her in 1950. Their early marital life was depicted in the feature "Mr. & Mrs. Superman" in DC's "Superman Family" series, which was very different from the original published Superman stories of the 1940s and 1950s, in which Kent kept his secret from Lane and never married her.
Allies.
As Superman, Kal-L was considered the first public superhero in the history of Earth-Two, being the first individual to appear regularly in a colorful costume and display superhuman abilities, in contrast to earlier part-time super-powered heroes such as Dr. Occult.
In a contended story, Kal-L received some brief training in his teen years from his Earth-One counterpart, after Superboy was accidentally hurled into Earth-Two (and back in time several decades to the early 1930s). In this story Kal-L briefly attains flight by hovering, an account that is refuted in all other stories specific to Kal-L, as he is stated only to be able to superleap until adulthood. This suggests that the story relates to another Kal-L counterpart in the pre-Crisis infinite multiverse, rather than to the actual Earth-Two Superman. However, in "Superman Family" #207 (May/June 1981), Kal-L tells Lois about having met Superboy, suggesting the above story did occur as written. Additionally, Kal-L also noted he was only capable of superleaping until he reached adulthood, and only learned to fly sometime after he started his Superman career.
Kal-L began fighting evil on a local level in his base of operations, the American city of Metropolis. Later in his career he would consider first the entire United States and then the whole world under his protection. In November 1940 Superman became a founding member of the Justice Society of America. Like Batman, he was referred to as an "honorary member" during the original meeting of the Justice Society. He subsequently appeared with it in two published adventures during the 1940s, aiding them on several other occasions retroactively as a member of the World War II All-Star Squadron. He built a secret citadel in the mountains outside Metropolis as his headquarters, as shown in "Infinite Crisis", and eventually built a Fortress of Solitude comparable to that of his Earth-One counterpart.
In later years, Kal-L was considered an elder statesman of Earth-Two's superhero community, the one that later generations of superheroes looked to as an example and role model. In his secret identity as Clark Kent, Superman also enjoyed success at the "Daily Star", of which he was appointed editor-in-chief in the 1950s, replacing George Taylor.
Fellow Kryptonians.
In 1950 Superman encountered three other surviving Kryptonians, U-Ban, Kizo and Mala. All three brothers were members of the ruling scientific council exiled from Krypton after they attempted to conquer the planet. Imprisoned in suspended animation in tube vessels, they were later freed. Superman's lookalike Mala later created a counterfeit Earth. These Golden Age stories and characters were never referred to in later Earth-Two stories.
At some time during the Silver Age, Superman's cousin Kara arrived on Earth after a lengthy journey from Krypton. When her father Zor-L discovered that Krypton was about to explode, he placed her in a spacecraft directed towards Earth. Although this occurs at the same time as Kal-L's ship is launched, Kara's ship travels more slowly, and she arrives on Earth decades after her cousin has landed. Kara’s Symbioship is designed to keep her in stasis during the journey and provide her with life experiences and education in the form of a virtual reality. By the time she arrives on Earth, Kara is in her later teens to early twenties.
The Symbioship provided virtual copies of Zor-L, Alura and fellow Kryptonians from within her home city of Kandor. Once removed from the ship, this virtual reality ceased to exist. Only Kara - Power Girl, as she would later be known - was known to interact with this virtual Kryptonian reality.
"Crisis on Infinite Earths".
Kal-L was one of the heroes from various Earths who fought to save the Multiverse from destruction during the events of "Crisis on Infinite Earths" and was present at the battle at the dawn of time, in which the five remaining Earths were merged into a single universe. As a result, Kal-L still existed and still remembered the history of his home reality, even though no one in the new reality remembered he had ever existed.
After grieving over the loss of his wife Lois and his friends from Earth-Two, Kal-L joins the remaining heroes for a final battle with the Anti-Monitor in the Anti-Matter Universe, where the Anti-Monitor has absorbed all life. Kal-L strikes the final blow that kills the Anti-Monitor.
Alexander Luthor, Jr. of Earth-Three then reveals to Kal-L that he saved the Lois Lane of Earth-Two from the collapse of the Multiverse. He then transports Kal-L, Lois Lane, Superboy of Earth-Prime and himself into a paradise dimension, sealing themselves off from the universe.
As a tribute to the Earth-Two Superman, before the Superman character was recreated by John Byrne in the "Man of Steel" mini-series, Kal-L's origin was retold in "Secret Origins" #1 (April 1986), written by Roy Thomas and drawn by former Superman artist Wayne Boring.
In post-Crisis continuity, Kal-L's role in various All-Star Squadron adventures was taken by the character Iron Munro from the "Young All-Stars" series. Kal-L's roles as the most respected member of the Justice Society of America and the person who found his cousin Power Girl were given to the Golden Age Green Lantern Alan Scott and to Kal-El respectively. Lee Travis (the first Crimson Avenger) became the first costumed hero of the post-Crisis universe after being shown a vision of Kal-El's future heroism before the start of his career (keeping Superman as the inspiration for Earth's superheroes in the new universe as well).
Kal-L later felt that the paradise was more a prison than a refuge, and eventually discovered a doorway that would allow him to leave the paradise dimension without causing the destruction of the universe.
"Infinite Crisis".
Kal was content to stay in the paradise dimension until Lois began to fall ill, when he created a replica of Metropolis and the "Daily Star" office building in an attempt to help. After the attempt failed, Kal-L began to believe Alexander's claims that the paradise dimension was eating away at their souls. Alexander and Superboy used Kal-L's distraction over Lois's health to break out of the paradise dimension and start their plan to recreate the Multiverse.
Appalled by the rapidly deteriorating state of affairs in the world, Kal-L and his three companions emerge from their self-imposed exile to help. Kal-L batters an exit through the crystalline barrier which has separated them from the rest of reality. He then meets up with Power Girl, explains her true origins and the events of the previous Crisis, and enlists her help.
The touch of the Earth-Two Lois restores Power Girl's memories, and Kal-L then reveals to her that his plan is to bring back Earth-Two. He then tries to enlist Batman's aid by claiming that Batman's distrust of the heroes has been caused by Earth-One’s darker nature, and promises always to stand by him when the "right" Earth returns. Batman, however, asks Kal-L if the Dick Grayson of this Earth is a corrupted version of the one that Kal-L knew, and attempts to use the Kryptonite ring against him. Kal-L destroys the ring and departs.
Power Girl is knocked out and captured by Superboy-Prime after discovering Alexander Luthor Jr.'s tuning fork, which he plans to use to restore the Multiverse in order to search for the perfect Earth. Alexander succeeds in recreating Earth-Two, causing Kal-L, the Earth-Two Lois and the heroes who originated on Earth-Two to be sent there.
Soon after their arrival on Earth-Two, the Earth-Two Lois dies after telling Kal-L she was happy to have lived such a long life. Kal-El hears Kal-L's screams of sorrow from the current Earth and investigates. A griefstricken Kal-L angrily attacks Kal-El upon his arrival, blaming him for corrupting Earth-Two as he did his own Earth. During the fight, both Supermen experience lucid visions of the other's life and try to change things on the other's Earth for the better. However, they both fail.
After the fight, Kal-L realizes that a perfect Earth does not need a Superman and that Alexander is using him for his own purposes. Kal-L survives the collapse of the alternate Earths into New Earth and witnesses the death of Kon-El, making him realize he condemned the wrong Superboy.
Kal-L and Kal-El then join forces to defeat Doomsday and Bizarro during the Secret Society’s assault on Metropolis. The two Supermen then team up to overcome Superboy-Prime by dragging him into space through Krypton’s red sun Rao, causing all three to lose their powers and crash land on Mogo, a planet of the Green Lantern Corps. Kal-L and Kal-El, without powers, fight Superboy-Prime on Mogo’s surface, where Superboy-Prime savagely beats Kal-L to death.
Kal-El then intervenes and overpowers Superboy-Prime, who is then imprisoned by several Green Lanterns. Having witnessed his other self's nobility and courage, Kal-L dies in Power Girl’s arms, affirming that Kal-El is a true Superman, and telling Kara that he will always be with her. His last word is a whispered "Lois".
Blackest Night.
Kal-L and his wife Lois Lane Kent of pre-Crisis Earth-Two return to the DC Universe as soulless Black Lanterns in "Blackest Night". After killing an unknown number of residents of Smallville, they attack the Kent family by kidnapping Martha to lure his modern counterpart and Superboy Conner Kent into a confrontation. Kal-L and Lois have stated their intention to reunite the family with Jonathan Kent in death. Kal-L proves to be almost unstoppable until Conner steals the Black Lantern Psycho-Pirate's Medusa Mask, using its emotion-creating powers to draw Kal-L's ring away from his body, returning Kal-L's corpse to its lifeless state once more.
Kal-L's corpse is placed in Justice Society headquarters away from the Black Lanterns. Black Lantern Lois tries to get close enough to her husband's body, but Power Girl prevents her. Black Lantern Lois sacrifices herself by removing her ring and giving it to Kal-L to reanimate him. During the battle between Kal-L and Power Girl, Mr. Terrific creates a machine – powered by Alan Scott's ring, the Helm of Nabu, Lightning's electrical abilities and Stargirl's cosmic rod – that destroys Black Lanterns. Mr. Terrific activates the machine, severing the Black Ring's connection to Superman.
The New 52.
A completely separate Earth-2 Superman was introduced in the new "Earth 2" series launched in May 2012 as part of "The New 52" (a reboot of the DC Comics universe). This version of Superman is named Kal-El same as the main version, not Kal-L as the original. The Earth-2 Kal-El is also far younger than the original Kal-L only a little older than the mainstream Superman. The new Earth-2 Superman's aged foster parents, John and Mary Kent, both survive to the present unlike that of the current mainstream Superman.
This new Earth-2 Superman was seemingly killed alongside his world's Batman and Wonder Woman while fighting off an invasion from the planet Apokolips led by Steppenwolf. However Issue #16 reveals that he not only survived but had somehow allied himself with Apokopolis, taking the name Brutaal. After being snapped out of Darkseid's control by Red Tornado (who is this reality possesses the memories and personality of the deceased Lois Lane), Superman and Red Tornado leave for the Kent Family's farm.
Writer James Robinson commented on this version of Superman: "Mourning the death of his beloved, Superman carries both a sadness in his heart along with the weight of Earth 2′s welfare upon on his shoulders, while never showing this and seeming to all that he is this world’s peerless champion."
The Earth-2 universe's Val-Zod will take over the role of Superman from Kal-El starting in Earth-2 issue 25 and throughout the Earth-2 World's End mini-series.
Powers and abilities.
The Earth-Two Superman has super-strength, the power of flight, super-speed, super-breath, arctic breath, super-hearing, super-vision (including X-ray, heat, microscopic and telescopic visions), and invulnerability to most forces other than magic, psionics, and Kryptonite.
An additional ability that actual Golden Age Superman possessed, which his modern counterpart does not, is an ability to "mold" his face to disguise himself, as chronicled in several Golden Age tales. This ability was never specifically ascribed to the specific Earth-Two Superman or shown in any specific Earth-Two Superman story, but was mentioned only in Golden Age stories.
Originally, Kal-L was significantly weaker than the Silver Age Superman of Earth-One or the Modern Age Superman; it was later revealed his powers took longer to develop or be discovered. While Kal-L could only super-leap an eighth of a mile until adulthood, as costumed Superman, Kal-L later gained full-fledged flight by the early 1940s. By the time Kal-L met Kal-El in the late 1960s, the two heroes were almost evenly matched in powers. However, almost all later renditions of the Earth-Two Kal-L showed him exhibiting his more limited abilities, including a temporary reliance on his leaping ability while allied with the Justice Society on a case involving his cousin Power Girl and the immortal criminal Vandal Savage.
Based on Superman's first origin and subsequent reference by U-Ban, this Superman came from a race of Kryptonians that possessed superhuman strength, leaping ability, and some visual aptitudes to compensate for that planet's greater gravitation pull. Most accounts of the Kal-L's origin state that his powers came from his Kryptonian heritage, not from the energy of a yellow sun ("Secret Origins" #1 ). A later conflicting reinterpretation stated that his powers fluctuated when under a red sun, as noted in "Infinite Crisis" and "All-Star Comics".
As a Black Lantern.
As a Black Lantern, Kal-L's black power ring needs to be charged by feeding on the hearts of living beings within the emotional spectrum. The ring appears to have given Kal-L's body all the abilities he would have had as a Kryptonian under a yellow sun, as well as the ability to recall certain aspects of his former life. Wearing the ring, however, places Kal-L under the influences of Nekron and his disciples Scar and Black Hand.
Other versions.
Post Crisis Earth-2 "missing" Superman and wife.
In the final issue of the weekly comic book "52", a new Multiverse is revealed, originally consisting of 52 identical realities. Among them is one designated "Earth-2". As a result of Mister Mind "eating" aspects of this reality, it takes on visual aspects similar to the pre-"Crisis" Earth-Two, including an alternate Superman and other Justice Society characters, although the names of the characters and the team are not mentioned in the panel in which they appear.
According to comments by Grant Morrison, this alternate universe is not the pre-"Crisis" Earth-Two. This separation was confirmed in "Justice Society of America" Annual #1 (2008) when, during the battle between the Justice Society of America and Justice Society Infinity, it is revealed that this universe's Superman has been missing for several years after a major crisis. The Post-"Crisis" Earth-2 Power Girl was searching for him for years. Starman admits the possibility that the missing Post-"Crisis" Earth-2 Superman is still alive ("Justice Society of America" series #23) despite being lost, whereas Kal-L is dead.
In other media.
Animation.
In the "Justice League" episode "Legends", the League teams up with the Justice Guild of America, a superhero team which is an analogue of the Justice Society of America. Justice Guild member Tom Turbine is depicted as an amalgamation of Kal-L and Tom Strong, DC's science hero.

</doc>
<doc id="2920252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920252" title="Haifeng County">
Haifeng County

Haifeng County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Hoifung; ) is a county of Shanwei prefecture, southeastern Guangdong province, Southern china.
The people there speak a Teochew dialect. Other dialects are Hoklo and Hakka.

</doc>
<doc id="2920255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920255" title="Toho Bank">
Toho Bank

The Toho Bank, Ltd. (東邦銀行 in Japanese) is a Japanese bank that is headquartered in Fukushima city, Fukushima prefecture. Toho Bank also operates some branches outside of Fukushima prefecture, with branches in Utsunomiya, Miyagi Prefecture, and Tokyo, among others.
History.
The Toho Bank emerged in its present form in 1941 through a merger of three regional banks as a part of Japan’s wartime economic planning. The bank merged with several other small regional banks throughout the 1940s. Like several other Japanese regional banks around the end of the Japanese bubble economy, the Toho Bank opened up branches in New York and Hong Kong in 1990 and 1992, respectively. Both of these branches were closed in the late 1990s. While the bank has recently made advances in reducing its burden of non-performing loans and increasing its capital-adequacy ratio, it has recently been cited by the Japanese Financial Services Agency for excessive incidences of misplacing customer information.

</doc>
<doc id="2920257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920257" title="Transportation in Virginia">
Transportation in Virginia

Transportation in the Commonwealth of Virginia is by land, sea and air. Virginia's extensive network of highways and railroads were developed and built over a period almost 400 years, beginning almost immediately after the founding of Jamestown in 1607, and often incorporating old established trails of the Native Americans. They use cars, trains, boats, planes/and or helicopters.
History.
Colonial period, 19th century.
During the colonial period, the Virginia Colony was dependent upon the waterways as avenues of commerce, and James River Plantations such as John Rolfe's Varina Farms with their own wharfs on the rivers of the fall line (at present-day Richmond were soon shipping tobacco and other export crops abroad. Other important navigable rivers in this period were the Elizabeth, York, and Potomac. 
By the 19th century, the Virginia Board of Public Works was funding transportation infrastructure improvements, stimulating such private enterprises as the James River and Kanawha Canal, the Chesterfield Railroad, and the Valley Turnpike. Claudius Crozet's innovative tunnels under the Blue Ridge Mountains were a key link in Collis P. Huntington's railroad linking Virginia to the Ohio River Valley in 1873. Soon thereafter, Pocahontas coal was riding the rails from the mountains eastbound for export via the Chesapeake and Ohio, Norfolk and Western and Virginian Railways with coal piers on Hampton Roads.
20th-21st centuries.
With urging from the state chapter founded in Roanoke in 1894 of the National Good Roads Movement, in 1906 the Virginia General Assembly created the first State Highway Commission. In 1932, the state's role was expanded when the provisions of the Byrd Road Act during the Great Depression brought most secondary roads in the counties into the scope of state control and maintenance. 
In the mid-20th century, Virginia's Henry G. Shirley Memorial Highway in Northern Virginia pioneered HOV and reversible traffic lanes. Prior to the creation of the Interstate Highway System, Virginia had some other notable roads to handle heavy traffic including Military Highway in South Hampton Roads, Mercury Boulevard on the Virginia Peninsula, and State Route 168, which extended from west of Williamsburg to the North Carolina border near the eastern edge of the Great Dismal Swamp, including Tidewater Drive in the Norfolk area. The Richmond-Petersburg Turnpike was built to relieve heavy traffic on US1-301 between those two cities. 
In 1957, The Hampton Roads Bridge-Tunnel, first of its kind, was completed, and was soon incorporated into Interstate 64. The Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel completed in 1964 is the longest bridge-tunnel in the world. Interstate highways I-81 and I-95 are some of the busiest roads of commerce on the East Coast. 
Of course, people and property continue to travel by ship, as the first settlers did. The Atlantic Ocean is accessed by the more sheltered Chesapeake Bay and Hampton Roads, with 5 major navigable rivers offering a wide choice of ports and industrial sites. International shipping traffic continues to grow as intermodal port and rail facilities are expanded. The Virginia Port Authority even operates an inland port in the Shenandoah Valley. 
The Wright Brothers are credited with first flight just south of Virginia at Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. Other early flights took place at Willoughby Spit near Norfolk. In modern times, major commercial airports are located around the state, with many additional general aviation facilities.
For those who wish to live in the past, at least for a visit, the Colonial Parkway, carefully shielded from commercial development, joins Colonial Williamsburg with Yorktown and Jamestown, the three points of the Historic Triangle. By riding the toll free Jamestown Ferry service across the James River, it is even possible to arrive at Jamestown Island by water, with a similar view to that of the first colonists. Virginia's scenic byways include the Skyline Drive in Shenandoah National Park and the Blue Ridge Parkway. Even in busy Northern Virginia, a bucolic interlude is available inside the beltway on the George Washington Memorial Parkway. The state has literally dozens of other stretches of roads designated as scenic byways, and VDOT distributes a free map showing them.
Highways and bridges.
The Virginia State Highway System is an integrated system of roads maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT). As of 2005, the VDOT maintains of state highways — the third largest system in the United States, after Texas and North Carolina. Interstate 95 and Interstate 81 are the two major north-south highways through Virginia. The Capital Beltway, Interstate 495 crosses the Potomac River in Alexandria and McLean. The Springfield Interchange at the junction of I95, Interstate 395, and the Capital Beltway, in Springfield, Virginia, south of Washington, D.C. has recently been reconstructed to improve traffic flow; widening of Woodrow Wilson Bridge will finish in mid-2008. Interstate 66, another heavily traveled route into Washington, DC, connects the Capital Beltway to I81 at Front Royal, Virginia. Interstate 64 runs east-west through the state, from the terminus in Virginia's southeast in Chesapeake running northwest into Richmond, then west through Charlottesville and into West Virginia and beyond.
Interstate highways.
Virginia has an extensive network of Interstate Highways. The Interstate Highways, totaling in Virginia, are freeways designated by the Federal Highway Administration and numbered by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials. They are in a special class with respect to federal funding. These Interstate Highways are as follows:
Primary highways.
Primary highways, totaling , consist of U.S. Routes, designated and numbered by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, and primary State Routes, designated and numbered by VDOT. Alternate, business, and bypass bannered routes, as well as wye connections (with a "Y" suffix appended to the number), are all considered primary routes.
Primary routes are generally given numbers under 600. The two exceptions - State Route 785 and State Route 895 - are numbered as Interstate Highway spurs.
Major U.S. highways in Virginia include:
Secondary highways.
Virginia has of secondary routes. These roads, numbered 600 and up, receive less funding than primary routes. Numbers are only unique within each county, and routes that cross county lines generally keep their numbers.
Under the provisions of the Byrd Road Act of 1932, the secondary roads in most of Virginia's counties are maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation, an arrangement that a 1998 study found " unusual among the 50 states." (The study also identified such issues as drainage, speed limits, and planning and coordination of roads with development as those local leaders felt should be within their control). 
The streets and roads in two counties, Arlington and Henrico, as well as some of the incorporated towns, and all of the independent cities are maintained by the various localities. In the early 21st century, the Virginia General Assembly was considering legislation to allow some additional counties (most likely those in fast-growing areas) to choose to resume control and care for the secondary highways within their boundaries.
National parkways.
Several national parkways are located in Virginia. These include:
Beltways and bypasses.
Northern Virginia.
The Capital Beltway circles Washington D.C. through Northern Virginia, Maryland, and a tiny edge of the District of Columbia. The road is signed with Inner Loop and Outer Loop designations.
Hampton Roads.
The Hampton Roads Beltway extends on a long loop through the region, crossing the harbor on two toll-free bridge-tunnel facilities. These crossings are the Hampton Roads Bridge–Tunnel between Phoebus in Hampton and Willoughby Spit in Norfolk and the Monitor–Merrimac Memorial Bridge–Tunnel between Newport News and Suffolk.
The Beltway connects with another Interstate highway and three arterial U.S. Highways at Bower's Hill near the northeastern edge of the Great Dismal Swamp. The road is signed with Inner Loop and Outer Loop designations.
Also in Hampton Roads, the Williamsburg area has State Route 199, a semi-circular limited access roadway also named the Humelsine Parkway, which is sometimes locally referred to as the "Williamsburg Beltway."
Richmond.
The Richmond area does not officially have a beltway. However, it has two roads that effectively form portions of a beltway, though they do not completely encircle Richmond. These are Interstate 295 in the northwest, northern, and eastern portions, and State Route 288 in the southwest and western areas.
Staunton.
Staunton, Virginia's Staunton Beltway is a freeway-style 5-10 mile beltway highway making a complete circle around the city, except for about where it merges on with Interstate 81. The road is currently a 2 lane road, except for some areas to the far east and far west. In the future, the road will be expanded into a full 4 lane road.
Bypasses.
Many urban areas in Virginia have roads that bypass the central portions. In some cases, semi-circumferential roadways exist, such as State Route 37 in the Winchester area, and State Route 199 in the Williamsburg and Historic Triangle area.
River and waterway crossings.
Major bridges, tunnels, and bridge-tunnels.
The Chesapeake Bay Bridge–Tunnel is a toll facility that links the region with Virginia's Eastern Shore, which carries US 13. Completed in 1964, at over , it is the longest bridge-tunnel in the world. In the Hampton Roads area, there are three bridge-tunnel complexes known as the Hampton Roads Bridge–Tunnel, the Monitor–Merrimac Memorial Bridge–Tunnel, and the Chesapeake Bay Bridge–Tunnel. Two tunnels and numerous bridges span portions of the Elizabeth River. The James River Bridge, opened in 1928, and rebuilt in the 1970s, spans the James River near its mouth and north of the Monitor–Merrimac Memorial Bridge–Tunnel.
Virginia has many crossings of its rivers and waterways. Listed alphabetically, some of the larger named crossings include:
Ferry systems.
Motor vehicle services.
The Jamestown Ferry (also known as the Jamestown-Scotland Ferry) is an automobile ferry system on the James River connecting Jamestown in James City County with Scotland in Surry County. It carries State Route 31. Operated by VDOT, it is the only 24-hour state-run ferry operation in Virginia and has over 90 employees. It operates four ferryboats, the "Pocahontas", the "Williamsburg", the "Surry", and the "Virginia". The facility is toll-free.
The VDOT operates other toll-free cable-guided ferries: the Merry Point ferry, which crosses the western end of the Corrotoman River in Lancaster County; the Sunnybank Ferry, crossing the Little Wicomico River in Northumberland County; and the Hatton Ferry, one of the last two poled ferries in the United States.
Pedestrian ferry services.
Additionally, Hampton Roads Transit's Paddlewheel Ferry on the Elizabeth River operates service (no motor vehicles) between Portsmouth and Norfolk and boasts the world's first natural gas-powered pedestrian ferry.
Commuter Bus Service.
Northern Virginia has several commuter bus operations. They include
Local public transportation.
Transit bus and paratransit systems.
Virginia has a number of publicly funded providers of transit bus and paratransit services. They include: 
Light rail and streetcar projects.
Light rail service, called The Tide started full service in Norfolk on August 19, 2011. A future extension to the Virginia Beach oceanfront is under consideration. 
Richmond is working on plans for a heritage streetcar system.
Intercity bus services.
Intercity bus service is provided by Greyhound Lines, Megabus, Carolina Trailways, and a few Chinatown bus lines.
Railroads.
Passenger rail.
Virginia is served by passenger rail service provided by Amtrak and Virginia Railway Express. The Department of Rail and Public Transportation of the State of Virginia has studies underway for extending high speed passenger rail service to the Virginia Peninsula and South Hampton Roads areas, as well as a rail connections in Virginia to both the Northeast Corridor and the Southeast High Speed Rail Corridor. The Transdominion Express would serve a large portion of the south central regions of the state.
Virginia is the northern point for Amtrak's Auto Train Service, which allows passengers to take a motor vehicle on an overnight trip to the southern stop in Sanford, Florida just out side of Orlando, Florida.
Freight railroads.
Virginia is served by major Class I railroads Norfolk Southern and CSX. There are many short line railroads, including the Buckingham Branch Railroad, the state's largest. Norfolk Southern, a Fortune 500 company, has its headquarters in Norfolk.
Ports.
Air and Space.
Virginia is served by a number of major commercial airports.
Top Virginia airports by total passengers boarded
Other important airports include:
The state is also home to two spaceports:
Nautical.
Hampton Roads has become known as the "world's greatest natural harbor". The port is located only from open ocean on one of the world's deepest, natural ice-free harbors. Since 1989, Hampton Roads has been the mid-Atlantic leader in U.S. waterborne foreign commerce and is ranked second nationally behind the Port of South Louisiana based on export tonnage. When import and export tonnage are combined, the Port of Hampton Roads ranks as the third largest port in the country (following the ports of New Orleans/South Louisiana and Houston. In 1996, Hampton Roads was ranked ninth among major U.S. ports in vessel port calls with approximately 2,700. In addition, this port is the U.S. leader in coal exports. The coal loading facilities in the Port of Hampton Roads are able to load in excess of 65 million tons annually, giving the port the largest, most efficient and modern coal loading facilities in the world. 
The Hampton Roads region's economic base is largely port-related, including shipbuilding, ship repair, naval installations, cargo transfer and storage, and manufacturing related to the processing of imports and exports. Associated with the ports' military role are almost 50,000 federal civilian employees. 
The harbor of Hampton Roads is an important highway of commerce, especially for the cities of Norfolk, Portsmouth, and Newport News. In Portsmouth, a few miles up the Elizabeth River, Norfolk Naval Shipyard is located Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company is located a short distance up the James River. There are also several smaller shipyards, numerous docks and terminals. Massive coal loading piers and facilities were established in the late 19th and early 20th centuries by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O), Norfolk and Western Railway (N&W), and Virginian Railway (VGN). The latter two were predecessors of the Norfolk Southern Railway, a Class I railroad headquartered in Norfolk that exports coal from a large facility at Lambert's Point on the Elizabeth River. CSX Transportation now serves the former C&O facility at Newport News. 
Virginia has extensive waterways. In addition to the lower portion of the Chesapeake Bay and the harbor of Hampton Roads, navigable rivers include:
The Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway passes through eastern Virginia. 
The state operates an inland port facility near Front Royal.

</doc>
<doc id="2920262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920262" title="Mira Kuś">
Mira Kuś

Mira Kuś (born 1958 in Gorlice, Poland) is a contemporary Polish poet. She lives in Kraków and is a journalist and member of the Polish Writers Association.
Works.
She graduated in physics at Jagiellonian University and she often writes science articles for the press.
Translations of some of her poems have appeared in foreign newspapers and magazines in Germany, U.S., Sweden, Bulgaria, Slovenia, Ukraine, Hungary, Spain etc. including "The Southern Review" and "Mid-American Review".
She has also published fairy tales for children in school textbooks among others. She has won several competitions and awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2920264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920264" title="The Grimmrobe Demos">
The Grimmrobe Demos

The Grimmrobe Demos is Sunn O)))'s first recorded album, and is the most direct representation of its self-proclaimed Earth-worship. It was originally limited to 500 copies by Hydra Head Records, but in 2005, Southern Lord Records reissued it on CD and vinyl with a bonus live track. An early rehearsal track titled "Bremerton" was included on the vinyl release.
The album's third track was named after frontman Dylan Carlson of Earth, and is also a loose interpretation of the track "Ouroborous is Broken" from Earth's first release, entitled Extra-Capsular Extraction.
The booklet of the second version of the album contains a long passage of apocalyptic writing by Seldon Hunt, written in Melbourne, Australia, during October 2004.
On August 8, 2008, Sunn O))) announced that it would do a mini-tour consisting of four concerts to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the album's release.

</doc>
<doc id="2920269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920269" title="Quinag">
Quinag

The mountain Quinag (808 m) (Scottish Gaelic: "A’ Chuineag," ) in Sutherland, in the Scottish Highlands, is in fact a mountain range with an undulating series of peaks along its Y-shaped crest. The name Quinag is an anglicisation of the Gaelic name "Cuinneag", a milking pail, reflecting its distinctive shape.
Geologically, Quinag is made of Torridonian sandstone, resting on a substrate of Lewisian gneiss. The highest peaks are capped by a thin skin of Cambrian quartzites with the gentle eastern slope of Spidean Coinich being a dip slope formed along the quartzite beds. The massif is an excellent place to appreciate the relationship between these three major rock units of the NW Highland.
Ascent.
Quinag boasts three separate Corbett summits – Sàil Ghorm (Blue Heel 776 m/2,546 ft; ), Sàil Gharbh (Rough Heel 808 m/2,651 ft; ) and Spidean Coinich (Mossy Peak 764 m/2,506 ft; ). From the north and from the road crossing the Kylesku Bridge, Quinag presents a formidable sight with its two huge buttresses of Sàil Gharbh and Sàil Ghorm dominating the skyline. It provides a backdrop to Loch Assynt, and seen from the road coming from the village of Lochinver, Quinag stretches as far as the eye can see. Spidean Coinich projects a broad south-east ridge which provides the usual ascent route for walkers.
The Quinag estate was purchased by the John Muir Trust in 2005. Quinag and Glencanisp estates share ownership of Loch Assynt.
Remnants of ancient woodland comprising birch, rowan, hazel, wych elm, aspen and oak are scattered throughout the northern side of the mountain particularly in the deep gulleys and sheltered situations near the seashore.
Quinag is mentioned in Iain Banks's 2007 novel "The Steep Approach to Garbadale" as lying just west of the estate of that name.

</doc>
<doc id="2920270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920270" title="Earth-Three">
Earth-Three

Earth-Three is a fictional alternate universe set in the . It is the Earth of an alternate reality in the DC Multiverse. It first appeared in "Justice League of America" #29 (1964).
Publication history.
1964–1985: Original concept.
Earth-Three was introduced by Gardner Fox and Mike Sekowsky in a 1964 issue of "Justice League of America". Earth-Three's history is depicted as a mirror image to that of the Earth we know. On Earth-Three, Christopher Columbus was an American who discovered Europe; England (a colony of America) won freedom in a reversed form of the Revolutionary War (with Washington surrendering his sword to Cornwallis); and President John Wilkes Booth was assassinated by actor Abraham Lincoln. Crucially, Earth-Three was home to an analogue to the Justice League, the Crime Syndicate of America.
The Crime Syndicate would recur as powerful enemies of the Justice League until DC's 1985 company-wide crossover, "Crisis on Infinite Earths". "Crisis" revealed that Lex Luthor, here called Alexander Luthor, is the only superhero on an Earth otherwise occupied entirely by villains, most of whom are reversed analogues of heroes on other DC Earths. Earth-Three is destroyed by waves of antimatter in the opening scenes of the series. The sole survivor is the son of Alexander and Lois Lane Luthor, Alexander Luthor, Jr. At the conclusion of the series, all other worlds in the Multiverse were merged.
1992–2011: Anti-matter Earth, new Multiverse.
DC used "Crisis on Infinite Earths" to simplify its complex continuity and multiverse into a single narrative set on a single universe, not counting the antimatter universe which was integral to the story of how the Green Lantern villain Sinestro acquired his powers. Editorial mandate initially meant stories featuring the Crime Syndicate were entirely unavailable to writers, but DC later attempted to reintroduce the Crime Syndicate without the setting of Earth-Three in 1992's "Justice League Quarterly" #8, which featured a group of aliens from the planet Qward (the antimatter counterpart of Oa) who functioned as "more powerful" Justice League analogues.
This first attempt at bringing back the Crime Syndicate did not stick, and the principle concept behind Earth-Three would be revisited in Grant Morrison's "". Morrison recast much of Earth-Three's history as that of the Antimatter Universe's own version of Earth, which is home to the Crime Syndicate of America. He makes notable departures to this formula however, by presenting this world as the product of an alternate history and by reimagining various Crime Syndicate members (for example, by recasting as Batman's brother Thomas Wayne, and by recasting Ultraman not as the alien Kal-El but a human astronaut who acquires Kryptonian abilities). At the end of "JLA: Earth-2", Amerika had launched a nuclear strike on London, against Britain's independence movement.
In "Superman/Batman Annual" #1, three members of this Crime Syndicate of Amerika—Ultraman, Owlman, and Superwoman—appear on the main DC Earth, along with an unnamed antimatter doppelganger of Deathstroke (whose behavior, including humorous breaking of the fourth wall, and powers are exactly the same as Marvel Comics' Deathstroke parody Deadpool) hired to protect Bruce Wayne. The story supposedly takes place as the first time Superman and Batman figure out each other's identities and matches Batman, Superman, and Deathstroke against their respective antimatter selves. It should be noted, however, that the story is being told by Mr. Mxyzptlk, and may therefore be completely untrue.
In the final issue of the 52-issue weekly series "52" in 2007, a new Multiverse is revealed, originally consisting of 52 parallel realities. Among the parallel realities shown is one designated "Earth-3". As a result of Mister Mind "eating" aspects of this reality, it takes on visual aspects of the pre-Crisis Earth-Three. The Earth-3 concept was not heavily explored after this, but does figure in a couple of issues of "52"s follow-up weekly series, "Countdown to Final Crisis" (2007–8). The name of the new Earth-3 team is revealed to be the "Crime Society of America". The Crime Society are considered to be evil versions of the heroes of Earth-2, acting as a new Golden Age counterpart to the Antimatter Earth. A hero known as the Jokester operates in this universe, as later do the Riddler, Three-Face (Evelyn Dent), and Duela Dent. In "Countdown" #31 the version of Zatanna (Annataz Arataz) from this world was used by Superman-Prime to keep Mister Mxyzptlk in check. Based on comments by Grant Morrison, this alternate universe is not the pre-Crisis Earth-Three. Despite the return of the DC Multiverse and the creation of a new Earth-3, the Antimatter Earth still exists in Qward, acting as an inverted microcosm of New Earth. The pre-established Crime Syndicate of Amerika from the Antimatter Universe were then featured heavily in "Trinity", DC's third year-long weekly series.
2013–present: The New 52.
DC again rebooted its continuity in 2011 as part of The New 52. In 2013, the "Trinity War" crossover event reintroduces Earth-3. It is mentioned as the home of true evil and of the Crime Syndicate. The Crime Syndicate is largely modeled after Morrison's, with the introduction of new characters, and by re-envisioning Ultraman once again as an alien with an origin story which more closely parallels Superman's. In the closing scenes of "Trinity War", Ultraman, Superwoman, Owlman, Johnny Quick, Power Ring, Deathstorm, Alfred Pennyworth and Atomica reveal themselves to the Justice League of Earth Prime. Sea King also inhabited Earth-3, but quickly died after passing through the gateway to Prime Earth. Martian Manhunter is also an inhabitant of Earth-3. Alexander Luthor, who can become Mazahs, is also from Earth-3, and an enemy of the Crime Syndicate.

</doc>
<doc id="2920273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920273" title="BCU">
BCU


</doc>
<doc id="2920275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920275" title="Racing Demon">
Racing Demon

Racing Demon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920285" title="KV1">
KV1

Tomb KV1, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Ramesses VII of the Twentieth Dynasty. Although it has been open since antiquity, it was only properly investigated and cleared by Edwin Brock in 1984 and 1985. The single corridor tomb itself is located in Luxor's West Bank, and is small in comparison to other tombs of the twentieth dynasty.
Tomb layout.
Typical of tombs from this period, KV1 is laid out in along a straight axis. The successors of Ramesses III constructed tombs that had followed this pattern and were all decorated in much the same manner as each other. It consists of four major parts: the entrance, a passageway, the burial chamber containing the sarcophagus, and a final smaller room at the end.
Ramesses VII was in the seventh year of his reign when he died. There is evidence that the room that ended up being the burial chamber was expanded from its original design as a corridor, and work on a subsequent room at the end of the tomb was halted.
The decoration within the passageway of the tomb contains illustrations from the Book of Gates, the Book of Caverns as well as the Book of the Earth. The walls of the burial chamber are decorated with extracts from the Book of the Earth. In terms of style and themes it closely follows that of its immediate predecessor, Ramesses VI's KV9, though the ceiling within the burial chamber contain a double image of the sky goddess Nut, reflecting a style used in tomb paintings used by pharaohs of the previous dynasty. 
Within the burial chamber a depression has been cut into the rock, with an inverted box of stone shaped roughly like a cartouche placed over it. This is the last known example of a sarcophagus placed in a royal tomb, all subsequent burial consisting of deeper pits which were covered by a lid. The tomb was robbed in antiquity, and the mummy presumably lost, though four cups inscribed with the pharaoh's name were found in the "royal cache" in DB320 along with the remains of other pharaohs.
Visits in antiquity.
The tomb was one of at least eleven tombs that were open to early travelers. As evidence of this, 132 individual graffitis left by Ancient Greek and Roman visitors have been counted throughout KV1. Later, the tomb was used as a dwelling by Coptic monks.
Early European visitors to the area included Richard Pococke, who visited KV1 and designated it "Tomb A" in his "Observations of Egypt", published in 1743.
The savants accompanying Napoleon's campaign in Egypt surveyed the Valley of the Kings and designated KV1 as "1er Tombeau" ("1st Tomb") in their list.
Recent archeological work.
Though not documented, the tomb was cleared in the 1950s. Starting in 1983, funded by the Royal Ontario Museum, Edwin Brock did a thorough excavation of the burial chamber floor, followed a decade later by an excavation of the tomb's entrance. In 1994, the Supreme Council of Antiquities cleaned the walls and repaired cracks with plaster. In doing so, they covered over graffiti that had been left there in ancient times.
Some of Brock's findings included fragments of wood, calcite and faience shabtis, ostraca decorated with sketches presumably by the tomb's artists, a floral garland and numerous contemporaneous pottery sherds.

</doc>
<doc id="2920293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920293" title="Periostitis">
Periostitis

Periostitis, also known as periostalgia, is a medical condition caused by inflammation of the periosteum, a layer of connective tissue that surrounds bone. The condition is generally chronic, and is marked by tenderness and swelling of the bone and an aching pain.
Causes.
Acute periostitis is due to infection, is characterized by diffuse formation of pus, severe pain, constitutional symptoms, and usually results in necrosis. It can be caused by excessive physical activity as well, as in the case of medial tibial stress syndrome (also referred to as tibial periostalgia, soleus periostalgia, or shin splints). Congenital infection with syphilis can also cause periostitis in newborn infants.
Fossil record.
Evidence for periostitis found in the fossil record is studied by paleopathologists, specialists in ancient disease and injury. Periostitis has been seen in the late Cretaceous-Eocene crocodile "Borealosuchus formidabilis", once known as "Leidyosuchus". In one study, periostitis was the most common pathology in this species, with 134 instances of the condition out of 7,154 bones the scientists examined showing evidence for the condition. Periostitis has also been documented in dinosaurs, including a forelimb referred to the long-necked "Camarasaurus grandis", as well as the shoulder blade of a horned dinosaur.

</doc>
<doc id="2920295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920295" title="Zope Object Database">
Zope Object Database

The Zope Object Database (ZODB) is an object-oriented database for transparently and persistently storing Python objects. It is included as part of the Zope web application server, but can also be used independently of Zope.
Features of the ZODB include: transactions, history/undo, transparently pluggable storage, built-in caching, multiversion concurrency control (MVCC), and scalability across a network (using ZEO).
Implementation.
Basics.
A ZODB storage is basically a directed graph of (Python) objects pointing at each other, with a Python dictionary at the root.
Objects are accessed by starting at the root, and following pointers until the target object. In this respect, ZODB can be seen as a sophisticated Python persistence layer.
Example.
For example, say we have a car described using 3 classes Car, Wheel and Screw. In Python, this could be represented that way (coding style is awful, but this is for an illustration purpose):
(Car() creates a new instance of class Car).
If the variable zodb is the root of persistence, then
puts all the objects (the instances of car, wheel, screws and so on) into the storage, and can be retrieved later. If for example, another program gets a connection to the database through the zodb object, performing: 
retrieves all the objects, the pointer to the car being held in the carzz variable. 
The object can then be altered, for example if some later Python code reads:
the storage is altered to reflect the change of data (after a commit is ordered).
There is no declaration of the data structure in Python, so there is none in ZODB, new fields can be freely added to an existing object.
Storage unit.
Actually, the above oversimplifies a bit. For persistence to take place, the Python Car class must be derived from the persistence.Persistent class — this class both holds the data necessary for the persistence machinery to work, such as the internal object id, state of the object, and so on, but also defines the boundary of the persistence in the following sense: every object whose class derives from Persistent is the atomic unit of storage (the whole object is copied to the storage when a field is modified). 
In the example above, if Car is the only class deriving from Persistent, when wheel3 is added to car, all the objects must be written to the storage (the Car, wheel1, wheel2, the screws and so on). In contrast, if Wheel also derives from Persistent, then when carzz.wheel3 = Wheel is performed, a new record is written to the storage to hold the new value of the Car, but the existing Wheel are kept, and the new record for the Car points to the already existing Wheel record inside the storage.
The ZODB machinery doesn't chase modification down through the graph of pointers. In the example above, carzz.wheel3 = something is a modification automatically tracked down by the ZODB machinery, because carzz is of (Persistent) class Car. The ZODB machinery does this basically by marking the record as dirty. However, if there is a list (for example), a change inside the list isn't noticed by the ZODB machinery, and the programmer must help by manually adding 
to notify ZODB that the record actually changed. Thus the programmer must be aware to a certain point of the working of the persistence machinery.
Atomicity.
The storage unit (that is, an object whose class derives from Persistent) is also the atomicity unit. In the example above, if Cars is the only Persistent class, a thread modifies a Wheel (the Car record must be notified), and another thread modifies another Wheel inside another transaction, the second commit will fail. If Wheel is also Persistent, both Wheels can be modified independently by two different threads in two different transactions.
Class persistence.
The class persistence (that is, writing the class of a particular object into the storage), is obtained by writing a kind of "fully qualified" name of the class into each record on the disk. It should be noted than, in Python, the name of the class involves the hierarchy of directory the source file of the class resides in. A consequence is that the "source" file of persisting object cannot be moved. If it is, the ZODB machinery is unable to locate the class of an object when retrieving it from the storage, resulting into a broken object.
ZEO.
ZEO (Zope Enterprise Objects) is a ZODB storage implementation that allows multiple client processes to persist objects to a single ZEO server. This allows transparent scaling, but the ZEO server is still a single point of failure.
Pluggable Storages.
Failover Technologies:

</doc>
<doc id="2920299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920299" title="Eboli">
Eboli

Eboli is a town and "comune" of Campania, southern Italy, in the province of Salerno, on the south edge of the hills overlooking the valley of the Sele. 
An agricultural centre, Eboli is known mainly for olive oil and for dairy products, among which the most renowned is the buffalo mozzarella from the area.
History.
The archaeological excavations prove that the area of Eboli has been inhabited since the Copper and Bronze Ages, and also attested (from the 5th century BC) is the presence of the so-called Villanovan civilization.
The ancient Eburum was a Lucanian city, mentioned only by Pliny the Elder and in inscriptions, not far distant from the Campanian border. It lay above the Via Popilia, which followed the line taken by the modern railway. The Romans gave it the status of "municipium". 
The town was destroyed first by Alaric I in 410 AD, and then by the Saracens in the 9th and 10th centuries. Later it was a stronghold of the Principality of Salerno, with a massive castle built by Robert Guiscard.
During the 1930s Eboli was able to expand into the plain after a project of land reclamation carried out by the Fascist government. It was severely damaged during the Irpinia earthquake in 1980.
Geography.
Eboli is located at the feet of Montedoro, a peripheral spur of the Monte Raione-Monte Ripalta group. Its territory, which is 90% plain, is formed by the alluvial plain of the Sele river, which bounds it southwards. The remaining part comprises hills part of the Monti Picentini Regional Park.
Eboli borders with Albanella, Battipaglia, Campagna, Capaccio, Olevano sul Tusciano and Serre. Its hamlets ("frazioni") are Campolongo, Cioffi, Corno d'oro, Fiocche, Santa Cecilia and Taverna Nova.
Main sights.
The main attraction is the Colonna castle (11th century). Scanty remains of the ancient polygonal walls (4th century BC) can still be seen, as well as of a Roman imperial villa in the locality of Paterno. Eboli is also home to several 15th-16th century "palazzi".
The sacristy of St. Francis contains two 14th century pictures, one by Roberto da Oderisio of Naples. Also notable is the "Badia" (Abbey) of "San Pietro alli Marmi" (1076).
Culture.
A local saying, "Cristo si è fermato a Eboli" ('Christ stopped at Eboli'), was used by 20th century writer Carlo Levi as the title of a book, referring to the enduring poverty in Basilicata. Eboli was the location where the road and railway to Basilicata branched away from the coastal north-south routes.
The city is also home to the PalaSele, one of the largest indoor arenas in Campania.
In media.
There is a film based on the book (in English, "Christ Stopped at Eboli").
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2920305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920305" title="Bypass duct">
Bypass duct

A bypass duct is an annular passage that allows some of a turbofan's airflow to bypass the engine core, or gas generator. If the turbofan is unmixed, the bypass duct will terminate at the bypass nozzle. In mixed turbofans, the bypass duct leads to the cold chute of a forced mixer or cold mixer of an annular mixer.
Some bypass ducts are unlined, so the bypass air must pass over a series of flanges, pipes, etc. associated with the engine core, which increases the bypass duct pressure loss. A lined bypass duct has a lower pressure loss, due to the streamlining effect of the inner wall introduced.
Bypass ducts may be fitted with doors that allow the air to be diverted forward, providing "reverse thrust". Air passing through an engine's core is not affected by this. This is common practice on high-bypass ratio turbofans found on airliners today, such as the GE CF6 and GE90, Rolls-Royce RB211 and Trent, Pratt & Whitney JT9D and 4000 etc. For a more detailed look at this issue, including consideration of different types of thrust reversal, see the thrust reversal page.

</doc>
<doc id="2920309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920309" title="Just like a Woman (1992 film)">
Just like a Woman (1992 film)

Just Like a Woman is a 1992 British comedy-drama film directed by Christopher Monger starring Julie Walters, Adrian Pasdar, and Paul Freeman. The film is based on the novel "Geraldine, For the Love of a Transvestite" by Monica Jay, and is one of the few "cross-dressing" films in which the hero is actually a transvestite, unlike "Some Like it Hot", "Tootsie", "Mrs. Doubtfire", and others in which the cross-dresser has an ulterior motive.
Plot.
Gerald Tilson, a finance executive, finds himself thrown out by his wife when she discovers women's underwear in their flat; in fact the clothes belong to him. He takes lodgings with Monica, who gradually discovers his alter ego, "Geraldine". A subplot deals with his boss' plan to defraud their Japanese clients, and how the couple thwart it.
Production.
The film's title is taken from the song "Just Like a Woman" by Bob Dylan.

</doc>
<doc id="2920314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920314" title="1973–74 NHL season">
1973–74 NHL season

The 1973–74 NHL season was the 57th season of the National Hockey League. The Philadelphia Flyers won the Stanley Cup championship, the team's first. The team was the first of the post-1967 teams to win the Cup.
League business.
With owner Charles O. Finley unable to find a buyer, the league took over operation of the troubled California Golden Seals in February, 1974.
Regular season.
The Philadelphia Flyers, who developed the nickname "Broad Street Bullies" because of their physical style of play, dethroned the Chicago Black Hawks as the West Division champions behind the dominant play of Bobby Clarke and Bernie Parent.
In the East Division, the Boston Bruins regained the top spot in the East and the league, behind an ongoing offensive juggernaut that saw Bruins' players finish 1-2-3-4 in NHL scoring (Phil Esposito, Bobby Orr, Ken Hodge and Wayne Cashman) for the second and most recent time in league history.
Playoffs.
The playoffs began on April 9 with the first round, which was played between divisional opponents. The top teams all won their first rounds, with one mild upset, as the third-place New York Rangers defeated the second-place Montreal Canadiens. In the second round, the teams played an inter-divisional round to determine the finalists. The Eastern champion Boston Bruins took on the Western's second-place Chicago Black Hawks, while the Western champion Philadelphia Flyers took on the New York Rangers. Boston won its series in six games to take one Finals spot, while Philadelphia won its series in seven games to make the team's first Finals appearance. In the Final, the Flyers won the series in six games to win the franchise's first championship.
Final.
Philadelphia Flyers became the first non-Original Six team to win the Cup since expansion in 1967.
Awards.
A new award, the Jack Adams for the best coach, was introduced for this season. The first winner was Fred Shero of the Philadelphia Flyers.
Player statistics.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
Source: NHL.
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"
Debuts.
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1973–74 (listed with their first team, asterisk(*) marks debut in playoffs):
Last games.
The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1973–74 (listed with their last team):
"NOTE: Prentice and Mahovlich would finish their major professional careers in the World Hockey Association."

</doc>
<doc id="2920319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920319" title="Makinohara, Shizuoka">
Makinohara, Shizuoka

As of 2010, the city has an estimated population of 47,664 and a population density of 427 persons per km². The total area is 111.68 km².
Geography.
Makinohara is located in south-central Shizuoka. It is bordered by Suruga Bay on the Pacific Ocean to the east, and rises gradually to the Makinohara Plateau in the west. The area has a temperate maritime climate, characterized by hot, humid summers and mild winters, with the warm Kuroshio Current offshort providing a moderating effect.
History.
The area of present-day Makinohara was part of former Tōtōmi Province. During the Edo period, the town of Sagara was the center of Sagara Domain. In the cadastral reform of the early Meiji period on April 1, 1889, the area Sagara incorporated as a town within Haibara District.
The modern city of Makinohara was established on October 11, 2005, from the merger of the towns of Haibara and Sagara (both from Haibara District).
Economy.
The local economy of Makinohara is dominated by the production of green tea, and to a lesser extent by fishing, and manufacturing of automobile components for Suzuki.
Fuji Dream Airlines has its headquarters in Makinohara.
Transportation.
Shizuoka Airport, which opened in 2009, straddles the border between Makinohara and Shimada. The city has no train connections.
Local attractions.
Makinohara is the site of Sagara Oil field, Japan's only oil field on the Pacific coast. Hand-pumping began in 1873, and the following year, Nippon Oil opened the first mechanical pumping operation in the country at Sagara. Operations ceased in 1955, and in 1980 the field was made into the "Yuden no Sato" Park, operated by the Shizuoka Prefectural government.

</doc>
<doc id="2920320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920320" title="KV3">
KV3

Tomb KV3, located in Egypt's Valley of the Kings, was intended for the burial of an unidentified son of Pharaoh Ramesses III during the early part of the Twentieth Dynasty. It is similar in design to the "straight axis" tombs typical of this dynasty, and an ostracon written in hieratic script from the time of Ramesses III mentions the founding of a tomb for a royal prince, likely this tomb. The unfinished state of a couple of rooms in the tomb along with scant archeological evidence suggests that the tomb was never used. Some have suggested that it was originally intended for use by the prince regent who would succeed as Ramesses IV, and who started building his own tomb (KV2) soon after he came to the throne. 
Tomb description.
In terms of its design it closely follows that used for tombs in the Valley of the Queens, and its size reflects the effort that would have gone into burying a member of the royal family.
Past the entrance to the tomb KV3 barely descends any further, a particular feature for other tombs built for other sons of Ramesses III in the Valley of the Queens. There are two corridors (labeled "A" and "B") which lead from the opening to the tomb, with the second passage flanked near the end by two chambers. Of these two chambers, only the one facing south ("Bb") was finished, the other one ("Ba") being only just begun when work on the tomb was abandoned. Past the second corridor is a larger room ("F") containing four pillars, and flanked by two smaller rooms. The tomb is located on the main path, close to the entrance to the Valley.
The tomb is located on the main path, close to the entrance to the Valley.
What tomb decoration that survives can be found only along the length and flanking gates on either end of corridor B. These show Rameses III followed by an unnamed prince, attended by various gods and goddesses. It is thought that more decoration once existed, since Karl Lepsius noted traces of paint on the vaulted chambers and mentions cartouches and images of Ramesses III in the first corridor when he visited the tomb in the 1840s.
There is evidence that in the Byzantine period the tomb was used as a Christian chapel. 
Though open since Ancient times, the tomb was only properly excavated in 1912 by archeologist Harry Burton, which was funded by the wealthy American lawyer Theodore M. Davis. It was one of the last excavations funded by Davis, and no report of this excavation work was published. 
The tomb is located on the main path, close to the entrance to the Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="2920322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920322" title="British Canoe Union">
British Canoe Union

The British Canoe Union (BCU) is a national governing body for canoeing in the United Kingdom, whose stated purpose is "Helping and Inspiring people to go canoeing".
History.
1887 saw the formation of the British Canoe Association, which lasted about thirty years. Revived in 1933, it merged with the Canoe Section of the Camping Club of Great Britain. In March 1936, representatives of the Canoe Section of the Camping Club, Clyde Canoe Club, Manchester Canoe Club and the Royal Canoe Club formed the British Canoe Union.
It was incorporated as a company on 30 October 1980.
In 2000 the BCU federalised to become the umbrella organisation for the Home Nation Associations in England (Canoe England), Scotland (Scottish Canoe Association – SCA), Wales (Canoe Wales), and Northern Ireland (Canoe Association of Northern Ireland – CANI).
"Canoeing" refers to the paddling of an open, non-decked craft (though there are decked canoes) propelled by a single-bladed paddle, generally in a kneeling position, while "kayaking" involves a closed-deck craft driven by a double-bladed paddle from a seated position. The term "canoeing" in the UK is often used generically to cover both kayaking and canoeing, in contrast to North American usage where the different terms are used.
Function.
The BCU is responsible for leading and setting the overall framework for the National Associations; representing canoeing interests such as coaching and competition at UK and international level.
It formulates standards for training programmes with certification levels. It administers a range of personal performance awards and coaching awards, some of which are recognised by the UKCC.
Structure.
The BCU is an umbrella organisation which brings together Britain's separate paddlesport organisations: Canoe England, The Scottish Canoe Association, The Welsh Canoeing Association and The Canoe Association of Northern Ireland. It is concerned with all paddlesports in the UK, recreational as well as competitive, in open and closed craft, paddled with single and double-bladed paddles, on inland and coastal waters as well as open ocean.
It is head-quartered in National Water Sports Centre, Nottinghamshire, which is also the base of Canoe England. Previously they were based in Bingham, Nottinghamshire.
The organisation creates the rules for competitive canoeing used throughout the UK and has over 30,000 individual members, 625 affiliated clubs and 145 approved centres. It is unique among national sporting certifying bodies in requiring continuous membership for qualifications to remain valid; thus it's membership is not strictly voluntary and may not accurately reflect the organisation's popularity.
Campaigns.
The BCU has been attempting for over fifty years to increase the extremely limited public access to English and Welsh rivers. It recently started a Rivers Access Campaign which aims to raise public awareness of the problems that kayakers and canoeists face in accessing the rivers of England and Wales (the right to paddle on Scottish rivers is already written into the law). This campaign aims to bring about changes in the law for England and Wales similar to those now established in Scotland that will open up more rivers to the public.
The British Canoe Union's official charity partner is the Canoe Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="2920323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920323" title="Albert Stanley, 1st Baron Ashfield">
Albert Stanley, 1st Baron Ashfield

Albert Henry Stanley, 1st Baron Ashfield, PC, TD (8 August 1874 – 4 November 1948), born Albert Henry Knattriess, was a British-American who was managing director, then chairman of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL) from 1910 to 1933 and chairman of the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB) from 1933 to 1947.
Although born in Britain, his early career was in the United States, where at a young age, he held senior positions in the developing tramway systems of Detroit and New Jersey. In 1898, he served in the United States Navy during the short Spanish–American War.
In 1907, his management skills led to his recruitment by the UERL, which was struggling through a financial crisis that threatened its existence. He quickly integrated the company's management and used advertising and public relations to improve profits. As managing director of the UERL from 1910, he led the take-over of competing underground railway companies and bus and tram operations to form an integrated transport operation known as the Combine.
He was Member of Parliament for Ashton-under-Lyne from December 1916 to January 1920 and was President of the Board of Trade between December 1916 and May 1919, reorganising the board and establishing specialist departments for various industries. He returned to the UERL and then chaired it and its successor the LPTB during the organisation's greatest period of expansion between the two World Wars, making it a world-respected organisation considered an exemplar of the best form of public administration.
Early life and career in United States.
Stanley was born on 8 August 1874, in New Normanton, Derbyshire, England, the son of Henry and Elizabeth Knattriess (née Twigg). His father worked as a coachbuilder for the Pullman Company. In 1880, the family emigrated to Detroit in the United States, where he worked at Pullman's main factory. During the 1890s, the family changed its name to "Stanley".
In 1888, at the age of 14, Stanley left school and went to work as an office boy at the Detroit Street Railways Company, which ran a horse-drawn tram system. He continued to study at evening school and worked long hours, often from 7.30 am to 10.00 pm. His abilities were recognised early and Stanley was given responsibility for scheduling the services and preparing the timetables when he was 17. Following the expansion and electrification of the tramway, he became General Superintendent of the company in 1894.
Stanley was a naval reservist and, during the brief Spanish–American War of 1898, he served in the United States Navy as a landsman in the crew of alongside many others from Detroit. In 1903, Stanley moved to New Jersey to become assistant general manager of the street railway department of the Public Service Corporation of New Jersey. The company had been struggling, but Stanley quickly improved its organisation and was promoted to general manager of the department in January 1904. In January 1907, he became general manager of the whole corporation, running a network of almost 1,000 route miles and 25,000 employees.
In 1904, Stanley married Grace Lowrey (1878–1962) of New York. The couple had two daughters: Marian Stanley (born 1906) and Grace Stanley (born 1907).
Career in Britain.
Rescue of the Underground Electric Railways Company.
On 20 February 1907, Sir George Gibb, managing director of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL), appointed Stanley as its general manager. The UERL was the holding company of four underground railways in central London. Three of these (the Metropolitan District Railway, the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway and the Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway) were already in operation and the fourth (the Charing Cross, Euston and Hampstead Railway) was about to open. The UERL had been established by American financier Charles Yerkes and much of the finance and equipment had been brought from the United States, so Stanley's experience of managing urban transit systems in that country made him an ideal candidate for the position. The cost of constructing three new lines in just a few years had put the company in a precarious monetary position and income was not sufficient to pay the interest on its loans. Stanley's responsibility was to restore its finances.
Only recently promoted to general manager of the New Jersey system, Stanley had been reluctant to take the position in London and took it for one year only, provided he would be free to return to America at the end of the year. He told the company's senior managers that the company was almost bankrupt and got resignation letters from each of them post-dated by six months. Through better integration of the separate companies within the group and by improving advertising and public relations, he was quickly able to turn the fortunes of the company around, while the company's chairman, Sir Edgar Speyer, renegotiated the debt repayments. In 1908, Stanley joined the company's board and, in 1910, he became the managing director.
With Commercial Manager Frank Pick, Stanley devised a plan to increase passenger numbers: developing the "UNDERGROUND" brand and establishing a joint booking system and co-ordinated fares throughout all of London's underground railways, including those not controlled by the UERL. In July 1910, Stanley took the integration of the group further, when he persuaded previously reluctant American investors to approve the merger of the three tube railways into a single company. Further consolidation came with the UERL's take-over of London General Omnibus Company (LGOC) in 1912 and the Central London Railway and the City and South London Railway on 1 January 1913. Of London's underground railways, only the Metropolitan Railway (and its subsidiaries the Great Northern & City Railway and the East London Railway) and the Waterloo & City Railway remained outside of the Underground Group's control. The LGOC was the dominant bus operator in the capital and its high profitability (it paid dividends of 18 per cent compared with Underground Group companies' dividends of 1 to 3 per cent) subsidised the rest of the group. Stanley further expanded the group through shareholdings in London United Tramways and Metropolitan Electric Tramways and the foundation of bus builder AEC. The much enlarged group became known as the Combine. On 29 July 1914, Stanley was knighted in recognition of his services to transport.
Stanley also planned extensions of the existing Underground Group's lines into new, undeveloped districts beyond the central area to encourage the development of new suburbs and new commuter traffic. The first of the extensions, the Bakerloo line to Queen's Park and Watford Junction, opened between 1915 and 1917. The other expansion plans were postponed during World War I.
Government.
In 1915, Stanley was given a wartime role as Director-General of Mechanical Transport at the Ministry of Munitions. In 1916, he was selected by Prime Minister David Lloyd George to become President of the Board of Trade. Lloyd George had previously promised this role to Sir Max Aitken (later Lord Beaverbrook), Member of Parliament for Ashton-under-Lyne. At that time, a member of parliament taking a cabinet post for the first time had to resign and stand for re-election in a by-election. Aitken had made arrangements to do this before Lloyd George decided to appoint Stanley to the position instead. Aitken, a friend of Stanley, was persuaded to continue with the resignation in exchange for a peerage so that Stanley could take his seat. Stanley became President of the Board of Trade and was made a Privy Counsellor on 13 December 1916. He was elected to parliament unopposed on 23 December 1916 as a Conservative Unionist. At 42 years old he was the youngest member of Lloyd George's coalition government.
At the 1918 general election, Stanley was opposed by Frederick Lister, the President of the National Federation of Discharged and Demobilized Sailors and Soldiers, in a challenge over the government's policy on war pensions. With the backing of Beaverbrook, who visited his former constituency to speak on his behalf, Stanley won the election.
Stanley's achievements in office were mixed. He established various specialist departments to manage output in numerous industries and reorganised the structure of the Board. However, despite previous successes with unions, his negotiations were ineffective. Writing to Leader of the House of Commons and future Prime Minister Andrew Bonar Law in January 1919, Lloyd George described Stanley as having "all the glibness of Runciman and that is apt to take in innocent persons like you and me ... Stanley, to put it quite bluntly, is a funk, and there is no room for funks in the modern world." Stanley left the Board of Trade and the government in May 1919 and returned to the UERL.
Return to the Underground.
Back at the Underground Group, Stanley returned to his role as managing director and also became its chairman, replacing Lord George Hamilton. In the 1920 New Year Honours, he was created Baron Ashfield, of Southwell in the County of Nottingham, ending his term as an MP. He and Pick reactivated their expansion plans, and one of the most significant periods in the organisation's history began, subsequently considered to be its heyday and sometimes called its "Golden Age".
The Central London Railway was extended to Ealing Broadway in 1920, and the Charing Cross, Euston and Hampstead Railway was extended to Hendon in 1923 and to Edgware in 1924. The City and South London Railway was reconstructed with larger diameter tunnels to take modern trains between 1922 and 1924 and extended to Morden in 1926. In addition, a programme of modernising many of the Underground's busiest central London stations was started; providing them with escalators to replace lifts. New rolling stock was gradually introduced with automatic sliding doors along the length of the carriage instead of manual end gates. By the middle of the 1920s, the organisation had expanded to such an extent that a large, new headquarters building was constructed at 55 Broadway over St. James's Park station.
Starting in the early 1920s, competition from numerous small bus companies, nicknamed "pirates" because they operated irregular routes and plundered the LGOC's passengers, eroded the profitability of the Combine's bus operations and had a negative impact on the profitability of the whole group. Ashfield lobbied the government for regulation of transport services in the London area. Starting in 1923, a series of legislative initiatives were made in this direction, with Ashfield and Labour London County Councillor (later MP and Minister of Transport) Herbert Morrison, at the forefront of debates as to the level of regulation and public control under which transport services should be brought. Ashfield aimed for regulation that would give the UERL group protection from competition and allow it to take substantive control of the LCC's tram system; Morrison preferred full public ownership. After seven years of false starts, a bill was announced at the end of 1930 for the formation of the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB), a public corporation that would take control of the UERL, the Metropolitan Railway and all bus and tram operators within an area designated as the London Passenger Transport Area. As Ashfield had done with shareholders in 1910 over the consolidation of the three UERL controlled tube lines, he used his persuasiveness to obtain their agreements to the government buy-out of their stock.
The Board was a compromise – public ownership but not full nationalisation – and came into existence on 1 July 1933. Ashfield served as the organisation's chairman from its establishment in 1933 on an annual salary of £12,500 (approximately £600,000 today), with Pick as Chief Executive.
The opening of extensions of the Piccadilly line to Uxbridge, Hounslow and Cockfosters followed in 1933. On the Metropolitan Railway, Ashfield and Pick instigated a rationalisation of services. The barely used and loss-making Brill and Verney Junction branches beyond Aylesbury were closed in 1935 and 1936. Freight services were reduced and electrification of the remaining steam operated sections of the line was planned. In 1935, the availability of government-backed loans to stimulate the flagging economy allowed Ashfield and Pick to promote system-wide improvements under the New Works Programme for 1935–1940, including the transfer of the Metropolitan line's Stanmore services to the Bakerloo line in 1939, the Northern line's Northern Heights project and extension of the Central line to Ongar and Denham.
Following a reorganisation of public transportation by the Labour government of Clement Attlee, the LPTB was scheduled to be nationalised along with the majority of British railway, bus, road haulage and waterway concerns from 1 January 1948. In advance of this, Ashfield resigned from the LPTB at the end of October 1947 and joined the board of the new British Transport Commission which was to operate all of the nationalised public transport systems. At nationalisation, the LPTB was to be abolished and replaced by the London Transport Executive. Lord Latham, a member of the LPTB and the incoming chairman of the new organisation, acted as temporary chairman for the last two months of the LPTB's existence.
Other activities.
In addition to his management of London Underground and brief political career, Ashfield held many directorships in transport undertakings and industry. He helped establish the Institute of Transport in 1919/20 and was one of its first presidents. He was a director of the Mexican Railway Company and two railway companies in Cuba and a member of the 1931 Royal Commission on Railways and Transportation in Canada. He was one of two government directors of the British Dyestuffs Corporation, its chairman from 1924 and was involved in the creation of Imperial Chemical Industries in 1926, of which he was subsequently a non-executive director. Ashfield was a director of the Midland Bank, Amalgamated Anthracite Collieries and chairman of Albany Ward Theatres, Associated Provincial Picture Houses, and Provincial Cinematograph Theatres.
During World War I, he was Colonel of the Territorial Force Engineer and Railway Staff Corps and was Honorary Colonel of the Royal Artillery's 84th Light Anti Aircraft Regiment during World War II.
Personality.
Biographers of Stanley characterise him as having an "immensely active mind, and a strong sense of public duty" and a "great charm of manner and a sense of humour which concealed an almost ruthless determination" that made him a "formidable negotiator". His "intuitive understanding of his fellow men" gave him "presence, which allowed him to dominate meetings effortlessly" and "inspired loyalty, devotion even, among his staff". He was "a dapper ladies' man, something of a playboy tycoon, who was always smartly turned out and enjoyed moving in high society".
Legacy.
Ashfield died on 4 November 1948 at 31 Queen's Gate, South Kensington. During his near forty-year tenure as managing director and chairman of the Underground Group and the LPTB, Ashfield oversaw the transformation of a collection of unconnected, competing railway, bus and tram companies, some in severe financial difficulties, into a coherent and well managed transport organisation, internationally respected for its technical expertise and design style. Transport historian Christian Wolmar considers it "almost impossible to exaggerate the high regard in which LT was held during its all too brief heyday, attracting official visitors from around the world eager to learn the lessons of its success and apply them in their own countries." "It represented the apogee of a type of confident public administration ... with a reputation that any state organisation today would envy ... only made possible by the brilliance of its two famous leaders, Ashfield and Pick."
A memorial to Ashfield was erected at 55 Broadway in 1950 and a blue plaque was placed at his home, 43 South Street, Mayfair in 1984. A large office building at London Underground's Lillie Bridge Depot is named Ashfield House in his honour. It stands to the south of the District line tracks a short distance to the east of West Kensington station and is also visible from West Cromwell Road (A4).

</doc>
<doc id="2920327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920327" title="Sodium perborate">
Sodium perborate

Sodium perborate (PBS) is a white, odorless, water-soluble chemical compound with the chemical composition 3. It crystallizes as the monohydrate, NaBO3·H2O, trihydrate, NaBO3·3H2O and tetrahydrate, NaBO3·4H2O. The monohydrate and tetrahydrate are the commercially important forms. The elementary structural unit of sodium perborates is a dimer anion B2O4(OH)42–, in which two boron atoms are joined by two peroxo bridges in a chair-shaped 6-membered ring, and the simplistic NaBO3·nH2O-type formulas are just a convenient way to express the average chemical composition.
Preparation and chemistry.
Sodium perborate is manufactured by reaction of disodium tetraborate pentahydrate, hydrogen peroxide, and sodium hydroxide. The monohydrate form dissolves better than the tetrahydrate and has higher heat stability; it is prepared by heating the tetrahydrate. Sodium perborate undergoes hydrolysis in contact with water, producing hydrogen peroxide and borate.
Structure.
Unlike sodium percarbonate and perphosphate, the sodium perborate is not simply an adduct with hydrogen peroxide, and it does not contain an individual BO3– ion. Rather, there is a cyclic dimer anion B2O4(OH)42–, in which two boron atoms are joined by two peroxo bridges in a chair-shaped 6-membered ring. This makes the substance more stable, and safer for handling and storage. The formula of the sodium salt is thus Na2H4B2O8.
Uses.
It serves as a source of active oxygen in many detergents, laundry detergents, cleaning products, and laundry bleaches. It is also present in some tooth bleaching formulas. It is used as a bleaching agent for internal bleaching of a non vital root treated tooth. The sodium perborate is placed inside the tooth and left in place for an extended period of time to allow it to diffuse into the tooth and bleach stains from the inside out. It has antiseptic properties and can act as a disinfectant. It is also used as a "disappearing" preservative in some brands of eye drops.
Sodium perborate is a less aggressive bleach than sodium hypochlorite, causing less degradation to dyes and textiles. Borates also have some non-oxidative bleaching properties.
Sodium perborate releases oxygen rapidly at temperatures over 60 °C. To make it active at lower temperatures (40–60 °C), it has to be mixed with a suitable activator, typically tetraacetylethylenediamine (TAED).

</doc>
<doc id="2920333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920333" title="Around the Bay in a Day">
Around the Bay in a Day

Around the Bay in a Day is a recreational cycling event organised by Bicycle Network Victoria in Victoria, Australia. Cyclists register to ride a course which was originally 210 km (but later augmented with a 250 km option) either clockwise or anti-clockwise around Port Phillip Bay, starting and ending in Melbourne, and catching the Searoad Ferry between Queenscliff and Sorrento.
For those who choose to do the 210 km or 250 km route (the only two that properly fit the event description) the ride begins and ends at Alexandra Gardens. Half of the riders head towards the east-side of the bay, riding to Sorrento, and the other half head west towards Queenscliff. Riders cross the bay near the Port Phillip heads on ferries to complete the ride.
History.
The event was first run in 1993, following on from the success the then "Bicycle Victoria" had experienced with its "Great Victorian Bike Ride". Roughly 500 cyclists took part. In 2005 almost 11,000 people registered for the ride and raised about $300,000 for The Smith Family charity for disadvantaged children. In October 2004, over 8,600 riders took part.
In 2008 more than 16,000 riders participated in "Around the Bay in a Day". Several riders were injured before the start of the ride when a car hit a leading rider in a group on the Nepean Highway at around 4am just south of Mt Eliza. Later on the same day, a male rider collided with a fellow rider and fell head first on to the road at Olivers Hill near Frankston. He was taken to the Alfred Hospital but later died from his injuries. In 2012, over 17,000 riders took part across the various distances.
Alternative routes.
In 2005 entrants were offered shorter alternative rides, a 100 km ride from Sorrento to Docklands, or a 50 km ride to the Western suburbs and return from the Alexandra Gardens using the West Gate Bridge in both directions. 
With the popularity of these alternative shorter routes, and responding to the growing number of cyclists wanting to take part in Australia's biggest one-day challenge ride, the then Bicycle Victoria devised four options for the ride scheduled for 15 October 2006. The organisers expected 9000 participants to choose from the Legend 250 km or the Challenge 210 km ride. Less experienced riders could pick the Classic, which included the West Gate Bridge, or the Bay Ride. A post ride count put the number of total entrants to more than 14,000, raising $440,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2920334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920334" title="All-Union Young Guard Bolsheviks">
All-Union Young Guard Bolsheviks

All-Union Young Guard Bolsheviks (, ВМГБ) is the youth wing of the All-Union Communist Party Bolsheviks, which operates throughout the former Soviet Union.
ВМГБ was founded in 1992. It publishes Революции ("Revolusii").

</doc>
<doc id="2920336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920336" title="Tomomi Kahala">
Tomomi Kahala

Biography.
Before 1995: Early life and career.
Kahala was born in Koto, Tokyo in 1974. She attended Showa Gakuin Elementary, Shoin Junior, and Senior High School. She started her horse-riding lesson when she was three, and later received the 4th place in the National Sports Festival of Japan in 1992. Before she started her career as a singer, she worked as a model, and appeared in fashion magazines such as "CanCam" and "Vivi" as well as TV shows.
1995–1997: Rise to fame.
While working with Tetsuya Komuro, her first single "Keep Yourself Alive", was released in late 1995. It sold over 360,000 copies and went Top 10, peaking at #8. Her second single, "I Believe", was her first million-seller and added to her popularity. In March 1996, she released the single "I'm Proud" which peaked at #2 and was her best-selling single. It outsold Namie Amuro's singles released that year. In June 1996, she finally released her first album, "Love Brace", a collection of songs about love and stated by Tetsuya Komuro to be his best work to date. It was a huge success selling over 2.5 million copies, half of them within the first week of release.
Already a big star, she and Tetsuya Komuro became an item and she continued to release singles, all peaking at 1. In December 1997, she finally released her second album, "Storytelling". It went to the top of the charts and sold 1.37 million copies, much less than the 2.5 million copies that her previous album has sold.
1998–1999: Decline.
Since the release of "Storytelling", her popularity began to decline and her relationship with her mentor, Tetsuya Komuro, was in every tabloid. Gossip magazines rumored that both of them were abusing drugs and that their relationship was beginning to fall apart. Her next single "tumblin dice" went only to the number-two position. Her music did not reach the top position again. Her next album, "nine cubes", sold a depressing 261,000 copies, much less than her first two albums.
Her breakup with Tetsuya Komuro, frequent scandals, and suicide attempts shed her in a negative light in the conservative Japanese media. She finally left her record company, who released a compilation which sold well, over 600,000 copies and debuted at #1. At that time, gossip magazines were labeling rising-star, Ami Suzuki, as Kahala's replacement.
After some time relaxing after the scandals, Tomomi Kahala resumed her career at Warner writing her own lyrics.
1999–2006: Post-Tetsuya Komuro.
After Komuro, Kahala worked with a variety of producers at Warner Music Japan, such as American Andy Marvel (Diana King, Jessica Simpson) and recorded songs by Gary Carolla (N Sync) and Vincent Degiorgio (N Sync, Atomic Kitten, Love, Inc., Mink, Nakano Mori Band) which appeared on her albums "One Fine Day" and "Love Again", released in 1999 and 2001, respectively.
In 2004, Kahala signed with Universal Music Japan. Her most recent recordings for Universal Music Japan have shown her in a dazzling and sultry light with some of her best vocal performances to date. She covered some of her biggest hits and also recorded new songs from Korean and Japanese composers as well as pop standards such as "Ben", a cover version of the song by Michael Jackson. Her best-selling album at Universal sold a little over 50,000 copies and her latest album, "Naked", sold only 12,000 copies, but she was still be seen in the media.
In 2006, after years of average fame, Tomomi Kahala returned briefly to the spotlight. She starred in a musical and her latest photobook, Crystallize II, which came with two strawberry condoms, sold unexpectedely well. [http://mdn.mainichi.jp/culture/waiwai/face/archive/news/2006/20060414p2g00m0dm018000c.html] She was one of the voice actors for the 'Sound of Music' Japanese DVD and she sang the theme song for a NHK Taiga drama.
2007–Present: Hiatus and Comeback announced.
On June 29, 2007, Kahala was fired by her talent agency after repeated personal problems affected her professional appearances. After this, she went on a hiatus, and it was unsure if she would return.
On November 4, 2008, Tetsuya Komuro was arrested, and Japanese weekly magazine "Josei Jishin" reported that Kahala was shocked by his arrest and suffered from insomnia.
On January 17, 2009, she was taken to a hospital reportedly because she took excessive amounts of tranquilizers.
On October 30, 2011, she announced that will make a return to the entertainment industry. She has taken vocal lessons and acting classes.
End of 2012, she made her return by live FNS TV program.
On April 17,2013, she released new single. Dreamed a Dream
On June 26, 2013, she released new album. Dream - self cover Best
In August 2013, following the suicide of Hikaru Utada's mother, Kahala generated controversy when she stated that she wished to make a song about the event. Her comment was criticized as being insensitive.

</doc>
<doc id="2920337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920337" title="Born rigidity">
Born rigidity

Born rigidity, proposed by and later named after Max Born, is a concept in special relativity. It is one answer to the question of what, in special relativity, corresponds to the rigid body of non-relativistic classical mechanics.
The defining property of Born rigidity is locally constant distance in the co-moving frame for all points of the body in question. Thus this distance is Lorentz contracted in relatively moving frames.
Born rigidity is a constraint on the motion of an extended body, achieved by careful application of forces to different parts of the body. A body rigid in itself would violate special relativity, as its speed of sound would be infinite.
It is a very restrictive sense of rigidity, as stated in the Herglotz-Noether theorem by Gustav Herglotz (1910) and Fritz Noether (1910). It states that a Born-rigid object has only three degrees of freedom, and its motion is in general definitely determined by the motion of one of its points. This leads to the Ehrenfest paradox, as it is impossible to put a disk from rest into rotation while maintaining its Born rigidity.
Bell's spaceship paradox demonstrates that if there is a body at rest and then its two endpoints are accelerated with the same proper acceleration, then its Born rigidity will be broken. In general it was shown by Herglotz (1911), that a relativistic theory of elasticity can be based on the assumption, that stresses arise when the condition of Born rigidity is broken.
Several weaker substitutes have been proposed as rigidity conditions, such as by Noether (1910).

</doc>
<doc id="2920351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920351" title="Swan neck duct">
Swan neck duct

There are a number of things known as a swan neck duct.
In Aviation.
Many jet engines have a short annular passageway, linking two components, where there is a large change in mean radius, from front to rear. The shape of the resulting passageway is often similar to that of a swan or goose neck. Consequently, such a passageway is called a swan (or goose) neck duct.
In Biology.
A swan neck duct is a particular shape of normally plastic or glass tube, much like a bent glass rod leading into a test tube. The "swan neck" significantly slows down the action of bacteria spreading through into the test tube. Louis Pasteur discovered that this method slows bacteria from gathering in the test tube in 1862 during one of his many chemical and microbiological tests.

</doc>
<doc id="2920352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920352" title="Pre-order">
Pre-order

A pre-order is an order placed for an item which has not yet been released. The idea for pre-orders came when people found it hard to get popular items in stores due to their popularity. Companies were then given the idea to allow people to reserve their own personal copy, before the release, which has been a huge success. Pre-orders allow consumers to guarantee immediate shipment on release, manufacturers can gauge how much demand there will be and hence how large initial production runs should be, and sellers can be assured of minimum sales. Additionally, high pre-order rates can be used to further increase sales.
Pre-order incentive.
Pre-order incentive, also known as pre-order bonus, is a marketing tactic whereby a retailer or manufacturer/publisher of a product (usually a book or video game) encourages buyers to reserve a copy of the product at the store prior to its release.
Reasons for this vary, typically publishers wish to ensure strong initial sales for a product, and the offered incentive is used to induce shoppers (who might otherwise wait for positive reviews or a specific shopping period like the holiday season) to commit to a purchase. Having paid for part or all of the purchase when placing the order, these consumers will usually complete the transaction shortly after the product's release, often on its first day in stores. Individual stores or retail chains may also offer bonuses for a popularly anticipated product, to ensure that the customer chooses to buy at that location, rather than from a competitor.
The pre-order bonus may be as simple as a discount on the item's purchase price or other related merchandise (another marketing strategy), or may consist of an actual item or set of items. These items may be related merchandise or exclusive items available only through the pre-order program.
Several companies like Pivtr.com and Kickstarter have implemented some of these techniques to reduce the risk that comes through creating new products and ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="2920353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920353" title="Cambuskenneth">
Cambuskenneth

Cambuskenneth (Scottish Gaelic: "Camas Choinnich" ) is a village in the city of Stirling, located in central Scotland. It has a population of 250 and is the site of the historic Cambuskenneth Abbey. It is situated by the River Forth and the only road access to the village is along Ladysneuk Road from Alloa Road in Causewayhead. In 1935 a footbridge was constructed across the river to the neighbouring district of Riverside. Prior to then, the access to Stirling was by ferry.
The village is on the site of an old orchard. The village pub, the Abbey Inn, is on the corner of North Street. Beside the footbridge is the village hall, which is the meeting place of the community council, and across from that the park, which has a children's play area and a small football pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="2920357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920357" title="Indigenous (horse)">
Indigenous (horse)

Indigenous (Chinese: 原居民) (1993–2004) was an Irish thoroughbred racehorse who also raced in Hong Kong. 
He was bred by Major John de Burgh at his Oldtown Stud in Naas, County Kildare, Ireland and sold as a yearling for 10,500 guineas at the Goffs Orby Sale in 1994.
Purchased by trainer Kevin Prendergast, he was named "Qualtron." Racing in Ireland at age two, he won one of three starts and at age three, won two of five starts. With a record of 3-0-1 in 8 starts, he was sold to Mr. & Mrs. Pang Yuen Hing to race in Hong Kong where he was renamed Indigenous and became widely regarded as one of Hong Kong's best stayers.
The winner of a number of important races in Hong Kong, including back-to-back editions of the Hong Kong Champions & Chater Cup, Indigenous also finished a strong second in the 1999 Japan Cup and third in the 2002 Singapore Airlines International Cup.
A gelding, after his reirement from racing on June 3, 2003 Indigenous was used at the Tuen Mun Public Riding School in Tuen Mun, New Territories where he died on August 8, 2004 following an illness.

</doc>
<doc id="2920358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920358" title="Stretton-under-Fosse">
Stretton-under-Fosse

Stretton-under-Fosse is a village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire. In 2001 its population was recorded as 185.
The village contains a number of old cottages along its main street. Just outside Stretton is an old manor house "Newbold Revel", which is now used as a training college for prison officers. Nearby is the Oxford Canal and a canal arm leading to Stretton Wharf.
Confusingly, another village in Warwickshire, Stretton-on-Fosse has a very similar name. The latter is located at the other end of the county.
Stretton means "settlement on a Roman Road" (from the Old English stræt and tun). In this case the road is Fosse Way.

</doc>
<doc id="2920361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920361" title="Micro-Partitioning">
Micro-Partitioning

Micro-Partitioning is a form of logical partitioning which was introduced by IBM on systems using the POWER5 processor, and is also referred to as a shared processor partition, and only differs from a dedicated processor partition in the way CPU utilization is configured and managed by the POWER Hypervisor (PHYP) firmware. All IBM POWER5 and POWER6 systems are partitioned and will run "on top" of the PHYP.
The POWER Hypervisor controls time slicing, management of all hardware interrupts, dynamic movement of resources across multiple operating systems, and dispatching of logical partition workloads. 
When a shared processor partition is activated by the PHYP, the LPAR is guaranteed a certain processing capacity, if needed, and a number of virtual processors, based on configuration and current availability. The processing capacity is drawn from a pool of shared processor resources.
The minimum processing capacity per processor is 1/10 of a physical processor core, with a further granularity of 1/100, and the PHYP uses a 10 ms time slicing dispatch window for scheduling all shared processor partitions' virtual processor queues to the PHYP physical processor core queues. A shared processor partition can be either "capped" or "uncapped". A capped partition can never exceed the currently configured processing capacity, whereas an uncapped partition can exceed the currently configured processing capacity up to 100% of the number of the currently configured virtual processors.
If the shared processor partition is DLPAR capable, the number of virtual processors and processing capacity can be altered dynamically for the partition.

</doc>
<doc id="2920362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920362" title="Rick Casares">
Rick Casares

Richard Jose Casares (July 4, 1931 – September 13, 2013) was an American college and professional football player who was a fullback in the National Football League (NFL) and American Football League (AFL) for twelve seasons during the 1950 and 1960s. Casares played college football for the University of Florida, where he was standout fullback and kicker. Casares played professionally for the Chicago Bears and Washington Redskins of the NFL, and was a member of the expansion Miami Dolphins of the AFL.
Early years.
Rick Casares was born in Tampa, Florida in 1931. When he was 7 years old, his father was killed in a gang shooting; his mother sent him to live with an aunt and uncle in New Jersey. At 15, Casares became a Golden Gloves boxing champion. When he was offered a professional boxing contract, his mother refused to permit it, and he returned to Tampa.
Casares attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Tampa, where his teachers introduced him to high school sports as a way to keep him in school. The Jefferson coaches discovered the 190-pound, six-foot-one-inch freshman when he picked up a javelin for the first time and threw it. Casares played high school football, basketball, and baseball for the Jefferson Dragons, and he was also a track and field athlete . He was an all-state football and basketball player, and the Dragons won the city football championship in 1948 and 1949.
"The Tampa Tribune" recognized Casares as one the Tampa Bay area's 100 greatest athletes of the previous century in 1999. In 2007, fifty-seven years after he graduated from high school, the Florida High School Athletic Association (FHSAA) recognized him as one of the thirty-three all-time greatest Florida high school football players of the last 100 years by naming him to its "All-Century Team."
College career.
After graduating from high school, Casares received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, and he played fullback for coach Bob Woodruff's Florida Gators football team from 1951 to 1953. Casares quickly became the star rusher of the Gators' backfield. As a 210-pound, six-foot-two-inch sophomore in 1952, he scored the first touchdown of the Gators' first bowl game, a 14–13 victory over the Tulsa Golden Hurricane in the January 1, 1953 Gator Bowl, and was a second-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and an honorable mention All-American. In 1953, he was a team captain. Woodruff ranked Casares as the Gators' best back and one of their three best kickers of the 1950s.
Casares was also a member of coach John Mauer's Florida Gators basketball team, and led the team in scoring and rebounding with 14.9 points and 11.3 rebounds as a sophomore in 1951–52 and 15.5 points and 11.5 rebounds as a junior in 1952–53. In basketball, he was a third-team All-SEC selection in 1952; as basketball team captain in 1953, he received second-team All-SEC honors.
Casares' college career was cut short when he was drafted into the U.S. Army after his junior year. He was later inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great." As part of an article series for "The Gainesville Sun" in 2006, he was recognized as No. 37 among the top 100 players of the first 100 years of Florida Gators football.
Professional career.
Casares was selected in the second round (eighteenth pick overall) of the 1954 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears, and, after fulfilling his military service obligations, he played for the Bears from to . Casares led Chicago in rushing from through . In , Casares led the NFL in rushing with 235 carries for 1,126 yards. At the time, this was the second most yards gained in a single season in the NFL. Behind Casares' hard-nosed rushing, the Bears advanced to the 1956 NFL Championship Game. However, the Bears' championship game opponents, the New York Giants, completely stifled Casares and crushed the Bears, 47–7. He would, however, win an NFL Championship as a member of the 1963 squad.
During the following season, Casares again led the NFL with 204 rushing attempts, but his 700 yards was later eclipsed by Jim Brown's 942 yards on two fewer carries. After ten seasons with Chicago, Casares was the Bears' all-time leading rusher with 1,386 carries, 5,657 yards, and forty-nine rushing touchdowns. His Chicago Bears career rushing records weren't broken until Walter Payton shattered them in the 1980s, and he remains the fourth all-time rusher in franchise history, behind Payton (16,726 yards), Neal Anderson (6,166 yards), and Matt Forte (5,702 yards), and ahead of Gale Sayers (4,956 yards).
Casares finished his professional career with the NFL's Washington Redskins in , and in with the AFL's Miami Dolphins, receiving only limited carries in his final two seasons.
Life after football.
Casares retired to his hometown of Tampa, Florida following his professional football career and some business projects in Chicago. His last career venture was in the residential home improvement field, specializing in room additions. He died on September 13, 2013 after a string of illnesses, including heart disease and shoulder problems stemming from his days in football.

</doc>
<doc id="2920371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920371" title="Chondropathy">
Chondropathy

In medicine, Chondropathy refers to a disease of the cartilage. It is frequently divided into 5 grades, with 0-2 defined as normal, and 3-4 defined as diseased.
Cartilage diseases.
Some common diseases affecting/involving the cartilage are listed below.
Repairing articular cartilage damage.
Though articular cartilage damage is not life threatening, it does strongly affect the quality of life. Articular cartilage damage is often the cause of severe pain, swellings, strong barriers to mobility and severe restrictions to the patient's activities. Over the last decades, however, surgeons and biotech ventures have elaborated promising procedures that contribute to articular cartilage repair. These procedures do not, however, treat osteoarthritis.

</doc>
<doc id="2920372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920372" title="Drug-naïve">
Drug-naïve

Drug naïvety is the physiological state of non-habituation or non-tolerance to either a specific drug or broader set of drugs related by pharmacological criteria. The term applies to the administration of psychotropics in contexts ranging from the professional medical treatment of patients to the non-medical abuse of any drug, as well as the veterinarian.
In addition to not being habituated, a drug-naïve person may have never received a particular drug. The same dose could be lethal for a drug-naive person while having little effect on a heavily habituated person. In a medical context drug-naïvete is important considering medication dosage (pain medication, anxiety medication, anesthesia, etc.), as the level of habituation affects a patient's baseline resistance to the effects of such medications.

</doc>
<doc id="2920377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920377" title="KV4">
KV4

KV4 is a tomb in the Valley of the Kings (Egypt). The tomb was initiated for the burial of Ramesses XI but it is likely that its construction was abandoned and that it was never used for Ramesses's interment. It also seems likely that Pinedjem I intended to usurp this tomb for his own burial, but that he too abandoned the plan. KV4 is notable for being the last royal tomb that was quarried in the Valley and because it has been interpreted as being a workshop used during the official dismantling of the royal necropolis in the early Third Intermediate Period.
Exploration and excavation.
Although KV4 has been open since antiquity and graffito from various ages attest to its popularity as an early tourist attraction it received little scholarly attention until John Romer's clearance in 1978-1980.
Location, layout and contents.
KV4 is located in one of the valley's side wadis, next to KV46. Running back over 100 metres into the mountainside, it consists of a series of three gently sloping corridors leading towards the tomb's well chamber (although no shaft is cut in its floor) and two unfinished, pillared chambers. The latter of these chambers, the burial chamber, features a deep shaft cut into the centre of its floor, foundation deposits of Ramesses XI associated with it might indicate that its cutting was contemporary with the original plan of the tomb.
Decoration was only present on the lintel and jambs of the outer doorway and in the first corridor which has preliminary sketches in red ink on the plastered walls. Part of the decoration in the corridor was already damaged in antiquity and was later restored by Pinedjem I who replaced the king's names with his own in these restored scenes.
Romer's excavation of KV4 brought to light five groups of objects
History.
That KV4 was originally quarried for the burial of Ramesses XI is evident from the decoration in the corridor and the foundation deposits associated with the shaft. It appears however that this plan was abandoned in favour of a burial elsewhere (perhaps in Lower Egypt) The most likely explanation for Pinudjem's later restoration and the insertion of his cartouche would be that he intended to usurp the tomb at the beginning of his kingship, but this plan too was abandoned for an interment elsewhere, perhaps in the tomb of Inhapi (tomb WNA or possibly DB320) a tomb that was subsequently also used to rebury royal mummies from the seventeenth dynasty and the New Kingdom. These abandoned burial plans are perhaps to be associated with the apparent general abandonment of the valley as a royal necropolis and the start of the restoration and reburial of earlier pharaohs during the Wehem Mesut period.
After Pinudjem's abandoned usurpation of KV4 it appears the tomb was used as a workshop to process funerary equipment from other royal tombs, most notably the burials of Thutmose I, Thutmose III and Hatshepsut. In this context a link is made between the gilded gesso fragments found in KV4 and the coffin of Thutmose III that was found in the DB320 cache. This coffin had been carefully stripped of the major portions of its gilded surface in antiquity and it has been suggested that this stripping was done in KV4. The fact that the individuals involved in these activities went through the time consuming procedure of scraping of the coffin's surface without impairing its basic function as a container for the king's mummy, suggests this was not the work of common tomb robbers. The material recovered from KV4 has therefore been interpreted as evidence for a changed official policy towards the burials in the valley in which they were stripped of valuable commodities in an attempt to safeguard them from tomb robbers by making them less attractive, while at the same time the recovered valuables were used to refill the depleted treasuries of the period.
During the Byzantine period the open tomb was used by Copts as a residence and stable, while during the clearance of KV62 by Howard Carter in the 1920s it was used as a dining area and a storeroom, the latter during the early stages of that clearance before KV15 was made available for that purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="2920380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920380" title="Sajid Mahmood">
Sajid Mahmood

Sajid Iqbal Mahmood (Urdu: ساجد اقبال محمود, "Sājid Iqbāl Maḥmūd"; born 21 December 1981) is an English cricketer of Pakistani descent. He is a right-arm fast-medium bowler who plays international cricket for England and county cricket for Essex.
Youth and early career.
Sajid Mahmood's grandfather, Lal Khan Janjua, emigrated from Rawalpindi in Pakistan to England with his family in 1968. The family settled in Halliwell, a residential area of Bolton. Sajid Mahmood was born in Bolton, Greater Manchester on 21 December 1981, the son of Shahid Mahmood, and grew up with his family. He has a sister and two brothers and is first cousin to boxer Amir Khan. Khan is five years younger than Mahmood and the two cousins stay close, having grown up living near to each other.
Mahmood began playing club cricket in the Bolton Leagues, and played well enough to be signed by Lancashire in 2002. He made his debut for Lancashire in 2002 whilst on a scholarship with the club.
Breakthrough.
He won the NBC Denis Compton Award in 2003; in the same year, he inadvertently broke the hands of Lancashire team-mate Andrew Flintoff and England A team-mate Alex Gidman, an early indicator of his pace. In September 2003, Mahmood was one of England 14 cricketers selected to train with the England Cricket Board's National Academy during the winter.
Despite having taken only six first-class wickets, Mahmood was chosen for England A's tour to India and Malaysia in 2003–04. He made his One Day International debut for England against New Zealand at Bristol in July 2004, but his seven overs proved expensive, conceding 56 runs without a wicket. More recently, he toured India with England in early 2006, playing in the third, sixth and seventh ODIs and taking several wickets.
He was included in the Test squad against Sri Lanka in 2006 following injuries to Steve Harmison, James Anderson and Simon Jones, and earned his first cap on 11 May 2006 in the first Test at Lord's, becoming England's 633rd Test player. England reached an imposing first-innings score of 551, and Mahmood took three wickets in his first four overs in Test cricket at the end of the second day, as the Sri Lankan team disintegrated to 91 for 6 at the close. He was unable to add to his tally before Sri Lanka were forced to follow on early on the third day, but added two further wickets in Sri Lanka's more composed second innings on the fourth day.
Mahmood was replaced by Jon Lewis for the third Test against Sri Lanka. However on 27 July 2006 he was selected ahead of Lewis for the second Test against Pakistan at Old Trafford after Liam Plunkett was ruled out due to injury. Although the pitch at Old Trafford favoured seamers, Mahmood performed relatively poorly. However, he was retained for the Third Test at Headingley. He contributed 34 runs with the bat in England's first innings, but then went for 108 runs over 24 overs, albeit with two wickets, in a high-scoring Pakistan first innings. In the second innings, he took 4 wickets for only 22 runs in 8 overs, contributing significantly to England's series-clinching victory. He featured in the final match of the series, dubbed Ovalgate. He took 2–101 in Pakistan's first innings before the game was forfeited by Pakistan for refusing to take the field during England's second innings.
England in Australia 2006–07.
Mahmood was selected for England's 2006–07 Ashes squad, but James Anderson was selected ahead of him for the first and second tests. For the third Test in Perth Mahmood and Monty Panesar replaced Anderson and Ashley Giles. He featured sporadically in the test, bowling just 7 overs in Australia's first innings and 10 in their second, taking no wickets. He later expressed his unhappiness about not bowling more during the test.
Mahmood also played in the ODI match against Australia on 2 February 2007 in Sydney, taking 2 wickets for 38 runs, and sharing the new ball with fellow fast bowler Liam Plunkett. He took the wicket of Brad Hodge by bowling him. He also took the wicket of destructive batsman Matthew Hayden after Hayden had scored 51. Hayden hit the ball straight to Jamie Dalrymple. He has appeared in a Bollywood film called Victory.
2007 World Cup.
After his successful performances in the Commonwealth Bank Series victory over Australia, Mahmood was shortlisted for the 15-man England squad for the World Cup. Although he wasn't selected for the first few matches, he came into the side against Canada. Against Sri Lanka in the Super Eight stage he produced his best figures in an ODI match, taking the wickets of Sanath Jayasuriya and Kumar Sangakkara in his spell of 4–50. After his successful bowling figures against Sri Lanka, he was picked for the match against Australia. Despite being England's most expensive bowler in that match, he was picked for the following match against Bangladesh, in which he took 3 wickets for 27 runs. England won and Mahmood was awarded Man of the Match.
Return to the county circuit.
In a County Championship match against Kent, Mahmood suffered a chest injury that threatened to prematurely end his 2008 season.
On 26 November 2008, Mahmood was drafted into England's squad for the last two ODI matches against India in their seven match tour. He and bowler Amjad Khan were called up as replacements for the injured Stuart Broad and Andrew Flintoff. Mahmood and Khan were in Bangalore with England's Performance Programme Squad. The final two ODIs were cancelled after the November 2008 Mumbai attacks and the England squad returned home due to safety concerns. Mahmood was part of the England Lions for the winter tour of New Zealand. While Khan debuted for England over the winter, Mahmood did not feature in any matches for the full England side. Despite this, he was selected in England's 25-man performance squad, and was identified by national selector Geoff Miller as being close to playing for England. Although he was part of England's 30-man preliminary squad for the 2009 ICC World Twenty20, he did not make the final squad of 15.
In April, Mahmood was selected to represent the England Lions against the West Indies. Despite being overlooked by England for the first Test of the summer, in May Mahmood secured his career-best bowling figures and his maiden 10-wicket haul. In a Lancashire victory over Worcestershire by six wickets, Mahmood took 6/75 and finished with match figures of 10/140. Mahmood was one of several Lancashire bowlers unable to play in August 2009. He, Glen Chapple, Steven Cheetham, and Tom Smith were injured and Andrew Flintoff and James Anderson were on England duty. As a stop-gap measure, Tom Lungley was loaned by Lancashire from Derbyshire County Cricket Club. After he finished the season with 41 first-class wickets at an average of 34.00, and 24 list A wickets at an average of 23.33, Mahmood was recalled to the England One Day International squad for their tour of South Africa in the winter of 2009.
Although Mahmood emphasised the work he put into improving his consistency in his two years out of the international squad, he was expensive on his come back and conceded 92 runs and took 2 wickets from the 7 overs he bowled in England's two Twenty20 Internationals against South Africa, and played in just one of the ODIs, in which he took 1/41. Mahmood joined Western Australia as an overseas player for the domestic T20 competition during the 2010–11 season. He played in five matches for them, taking five wickets at an average of 30.2.
In June 2011, in a match against Durham, Mahmood took his second ten-wicket haul in first-class cricket. Mahmood attributed his bowling success in 2011 to being more focused on playing for Lancashire; he said that before he had been distracted by trying to earn selection for England and that he performs better when relaxed.
In August 2012, after being dropped from the Lancashire side Mahmood joined injury depleted Somerset until the end of the 2012 season. At the end of the season Mahmood was released by Lancashire. He then joined Essex for the 2013 English domestic season. Later in the 2013 season after an unsuccessful spell Sajid was dropped and was allowed to join Ainsdale CC in the LDCC league until the end of the season where he enjoyed a successful spell of wicket taking and confidence building. Sajid returns to the Essex squad hoping for a successful 2014 season 

</doc>
<doc id="2920388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920388" title="Izunokuni, Shizuoka">
Izunokuni, Shizuoka

As of June 2012, the city has an estimated population of 49,010 and a population density of 517 persons per km². The total area is 94.71 km².
Geography.
Izunokuni is located on the northern "neck" of the Izu Peninsula in eastern Shizuoka Prefecture. The region is hilly, with numerous hot springs. The climate of the region is temperate maritime, with hot, humid summers and short, cool winters, with the warm Kuroshio Current offshore having a moderating effect.
History.
During the late Heian and Kamakura period, the town of Nirayama within the current borders of Izunokuni was the home of the clan, which dominated Japanese politics in the 12th century. A castle was established at Nirayama by Ise Moritoki, founder of the Late Hōjō clan in 1493.During the Edo period, most of Izu Province was "tenryō" territory under direct control of the Tokugawa shogunate, who ruled Izu and parts of eastern Suruga Province from a "daikansho" established at Nirayama. After the Meiji Restoration, the area became the short-lived Nirayama Prefecture, which was merged into the equally short-lived Ashigara Prefecture in 1871. From 1876, the area has been part of Shizuoka Prefecture. During the cadastral reform of 1886, the area was reorganized into several villages under Kimisawa District, which was with Tagata District in 1896.
In 1934, Izunagaoka was elevated to town status, followed by Ōhito in 1940, and Nirayama in 1962.
The modern city of Izunokuni was created on April 1, 2005 from the merger of the towns of Izunagaoka, Nirayama and Ohito (all from Tagata District).
Economy.
The economy of Izunokuni is dominated by agriculture (strawberries and tomatoes) and by tourism related to the hot spring resort industry.

</doc>
<doc id="2920391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920391" title="Eisenerz">
Eisenerz

Eisenerz ("Iron ore") is a market place and old mining town in the Austrian state of Styria, . N.W. of Graz by rail. Pop. (2001) 6,400. It is situated in the deep Erzbach Valley, dominated on the east by the Pfaffenstein (6140 ft), on the west by the Kaiserschild (6830 ft), and on the south by the Erzberg (5030 ft). It has an interesting example of a medieval fortified church, a Gothic edifice founded by Rudolph of Habsburg in the 13th century and rebuilt in the 16th.
At the turn of the past century the "Erzberg" (Ore Mountain) furnished such rich ore that it was quarried in the open air like stone, in the summer months. There is documentary evidence of the mines having been worked as far back as the 12th century. They afforded employment to two or three thousand hands in summer and about half as many in winter, and yielded some 800,000 tons of iron per annum. During World War II, a subcamp of Mauthausen concentration camp was located here. It provided slave labour for local industry. Eisenerz was connected with the mines by the Erzberg railway, a bold piece of engineering work, fourteen miles (21 km) long, constructed on the Abt's rack-and-pinion system. It passed through some beautiful scenery, and descends to Vordernberg, an important center of the iron trade situated on the south side of the Erzberg. Eisenerz possesses, in addition, twenty-five furnaces, which produce iron, and particularly steel, of exceptional excellence. Today the Erzberg is home to motocross races.
A few miles northwest of Eisenerz stands Leopoldstein Castle, and near it beautiful Leopoldstein Lake. This lake, with its dark green water at an elevation of 2028 ft., and surrounded on all sides by high peaks, is not large and has a depth of .
History.
In Eisenerz, copper smelting was a major activity from the 15th century to the 13th century BC.

</doc>
<doc id="2920392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920392" title="HMS Raleigh (1919)">
HMS Raleigh (1919)

HMS "Raleigh" was a "Hawkins"-class heavy cruiser of the Royal Navy. She was commissioned as part of the British North Atlantic squadron in 1921. 
She had a full load displacement of (light, ), an overall length of , and carried a complement of 700 officers and men. She was the only ship of the "Hawkins" class to be completed with machinery; on trials off Isle of Arran from 7–9 September 1920, she reached her designed speed of at full power of . At half power, , she still managed to make . After trials the ship proceeded to Devonport for completion as a flagship. 
In April 1922, Sir William Christopher Pakenham was Admiral of the Royal Navy's America and West Indies Station, he designated HMS "Raleigh" as his flagship. Sir Arthur Bromley was captain of HMS "Raleigh". It was through his negligence that the ship was lost. On 8 August 1922, Captain Bromley sped the flagship through thick fog and ran her aground at L'Anse Amour, Newfoundland and Labrador. Eleven sailors were drowned in the shipwreck.
The cruiser was a total write-off. The ship remained hard-aground and upright for four years. During this period, she was stripped of all salvageable items and was destroyed with explosives in September 1926.
The residents of L'anse Amour conduct an annual re-enactment of the event on the anniversary of the disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="2920400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920400" title="Rye St Antony School">
Rye St Antony School

Rye St Antony School is an independent Roman Catholic boarding and day school for girls aged 3 to 18 and boys up to age 8 in Headington, Oxford, England. It is commonly abbreviated and referred to by both pupils and staff as 'Rye'. Rye is unique as a girls’ independent Catholic school founded by lay women rather than by a religious order. 
History.
The school was founded by Elizabeth Rendall and Ivy King in 1930 after a visit to the Church of St Anthony in Rye, East Sussex. There have been only 4 Headmistresses in Rye's history. The school was first situated in central Oxford before moving to its present site of in Headington in 1939. The school grounds include a Victorian house built by Alfred Waterhouse.
A steady programme of building and development has provided the School with a wide range of high quality teaching and residential facilities. A new high specification Performing Arts centre was opened in February 2005. The school also opened a new Sports Centre (the Morton Sports Centre) in 2008 and renovated the Sixth Form Centre and Boarding house in 2010.
The school was rated "outstanding" in all aspects during the 2011 ISI inspection.
Traditions.
A unique and much anticipated tradition at Rye is the 'Tangerine Party', held at the end of each Michaelmas term. This is believed to have originated from gifts of (among other things) fruit being donated to pupils whilst rationing was enforced during the Second World War. All members of staff, pupils and parents congregate informally in the Rendall Hall to sing Christmas hymns, share Christmas cake and are each given a tangerine. Songs are usually led by the Director of Studies and become increasingly raucous as the Party progresses. Commonly, the few male members of staff are required to stand up and sing 'We Three Kings' in front of the congregation.
Extracurricular Activities.
The school has an especially strong commitment to the Duke of Edinburgh Award. Sport is also a popular aspect of the school with many pupils being members of sports teams and competing at county and national level.
Houses.
There are four houses to which pupils are assigned and they generally remain in the same house throughout their time at Rye. These houses compete against one another in both academic and extra-curricular activities throughout the year, each led by a staff Housemaster.
Boarding.
The two boarding houses are each in the charge of two Housemistresses and their team of Assistants. Girls have a choice of choosing full boarding, weekdays-only or flexi-boarding. 
Former pupils.
Those educated at the school include:

</doc>
<doc id="2920404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920404" title="Beach Party">
Beach Party

Beach Party (1963) was the first of several beach party films from American International Pictures (AIP) aimed at a teen audience. This film is often credited with creating the beach party film genre.
One of the unique aspects of the AIP beach films is the absence of parents or any other authority figures. This gang of independent, fun-loving teenagers are free to do whatever they want and live on their own terms. This first film includes a romantic sub-plot about two adult characters (Cummings and Malone) that was repeated only once in subsequent films, in 1964's "Bikini Beach".
Plot.
An anthropologist, Professor Robert Orville Sutwell is secretly studying the "wild mating habits" of Southern California teenagers who hang out at the beach and use strange surfing jargon. After he temporarily paralyzes Eric Von Zipper, the leader of the local outlaw motorcycle gang, who was making unwanted advances on Dolores, she develops a crush on the Professor. Her surfing boyfriend Frankie becomes jealous and begins flirting with Ava, a Hungarian waitress. Meanwhile, Sutwell's assistant Marianne further develops her crush on the Professor. Von Zipper and his gang plot to bring down Sutwell, only to be thwarted in the end by the surfing teenagers.
Development.
In the summer of 1962 Samuel Arkoff and Jim Nicholson were watching films in Italy with a view to purchasing some for release in the US. They saw one about a middle-aged man who falls in love with a young woman who spends all her time at a beach resort. They did not like the movie but were attracted by the setting, and commissioned Lou Rusoff to write a film set at the beach. The film was announced in July 1962.
Rusoff's script was apparently more in line with AIP's traditional fare of children getting in trouble with their parents. It was shown to William Asher who agreed to make the movie if it became more of a musical comedy about teenagers having a good time and not getting in trouble. Arkoff and Nicholson agreed so Asher rewrote the script with Robert Dillon. He was asked not to take credit by Samuel Arkoff who told them that Lou Rusoff was dying of brain cancer. Asher agreed and Rusoff has sole credit; he died in June 1963.
Annette Funicello was always first choice for the female lead, although Asher says they were worried because she was under contract to Walt Disney:
We had thirty pages of material. Disney had to approve it. Not having all the material, he was concerned about Annette's image. I told him that there wouldn't be anything that would offend, that it wasn't that type of a picture. They were a little wary because it was AIP. 
Arkoff says that AIP tried to get Fabian Forte to play opposite her but he was under contract to 20th Century Fox so Frankie Avalon was cast instead. 
John Ashley had made a number of movies for American International and was cast to play Avalon's best friend.
Production notes.
The film was shot over three weeks starting in March 1963. John Ashley later recalled:
We all had to wear body make up because nobody had a tan. One day Frankie and I had some dialogue to do on our way to the water with our surfboards. It was colder than hell that day and the water was freezing. We had our backs to the camera and Frankie said, 'Man, can you believe us? Two thirty year old guys in body make up playing teenagers.'
Although Mickey Dora was Bob Cummings stunt surfer for long-shots, Cummings was already a competent surfer himself by the time he starred in "Beach Party" as the ungainly Professor. Films of him surfing in Hawaii on the "Ken Murray's Hollywood" television show feature a muscular young Bob cruising along comfortably on an old style long board.
Contrary to the popular opinion that Annette Funicello was not allowed to be seen in a bikini bathing suit in these films for AIP (or that she was not even allowed to wear a two-piece suit or show her navel), Funicello does indeed wear a pink two-piece in this very first film, shows her navel in a two-piece in "Muscle Beach Party", and wears a bikini in "Bikini Beach."
In one of the first instances of film cross-selling, AIP took advantage of the target demographic of this film to promote another in a different genre, when at the very end of the credits – after giving "A Special thanks" to Vincent Price for appearing as Big Daddy – the title reads "Soon to be seen in "The Haunted Palace"," a AIP horror film that would be released on August 28, 1963 – just weeks after the release of "Beach Party."
Music.
The music in "Beach Party" was written specifically for the film and featured a score that picked up several cues from the songs used – a common move for most musicals, but a rarity for a B-grade studio teen film filled with pop songs – even today. Les Baxter composed this score, as well as most of the films that followed, including "Sergeant Deadhead," "Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine" and "Fireball 500. "
Gary Usher and Roger Christian wrote three songs that appear in the film: the title track, performed by Avalon and Funicello; and "Swingin' and a-Surfin'" and "Secret Surfing Spot," both performed by Dick Dale and the Del Tones.
Bob Marcucci and Russ Faith wrote "Don't Stop Now," performed by Avalon.
Guy Hemric and Jerry Styner wrote two songs for Funicello featured in the film: "Treat Him Nicely," which Funicello performs while harmonizing with herself; and "Promise Me Anything (But Give Me Love)" performed off-screen and presented as source music.
Cultural references.
The Rat Pack motorcycle gang is largely a parody of "The Wild One" (1953); Harvey Lembeck's "Eric Von Zipper" spoofs Marlon Brando's performance as the leader of the gang; however, unlike the Brando character he is generally clumsy and inept.
Big Daddy's club in this film (and Cappy's Place in "Muscle Beach Party") is a reference to Southern California beach coffeehouses in general and Cafe Frankenstein in particular.
Professor Sutcliff's study of the post adolescent surfing culture is to be called "The Sutcliff Report" after "The Kinsey Report".
Reception.
Beach Party was the highest grossing film AIP had made to that date, earning more its opening weekend than any of its competition.
The Golden Laurel, which had no ceremony but published its award results in the trade magazine "Motion Picture Exhibitor" from 1958 to 1971, gave this film "The Golden Laurel for Sleeper of the Year" in 1964.
Cultural impact.
With this film, AIP created a new sub-genre – the beach party film. Several other studios attempted to imitate the AIP Beach Party formula, but never with equal success. Films of the genre include: "Surf Party", "Ride the Wild Surf", and "For Those Who Think Young" (all from 1964), "A Swingin' Summer" and "Beach Ball" (both 1965), "Catalina Caper" and "It's a Bikini World" (from 1967).
The 1996 film "That Thing You Do!" features a parody of 1960s beach movies. In the film, the fictional singing group called The Wonders star as "Cap'n Geech and The Shrimpshack Shooters." The movie within the movie is titled "Weekend at Party Pier" and features characters similar to Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello.
William Asher later said that "the key to these pictures is lots of flesh but no sex. It's all good clean fun. No hearts are broken and virginity prevails."
Films in the series.
Many of the same cast – and much of the same crew – were involved in the AIP films that followed. Sometimes character names changed (like in "Pajama Party", "Ski Party" and "Sergeant Deadhead"), and not all were beach-based ("Ski Party" in the mountains, "Ghost in the Invisible Bikini" in a haunted house), but the basic elements and tone remained the same:
At one stage there was talk of a "Beach Party" TV series but this did not happen.

</doc>
<doc id="2920407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920407" title="Biblical accommodation">
Biblical accommodation

Biblical accommodation is the adaptation of words or sentences from the Bible to signify ideas different from those expressed therein. Thus, if a sinner excuses his fault by saying, "The serpent deceived me", he applies the scriptural words of Eve (Gen., iii, 13) to express an idea which the sentence does not convey in the Bible. Similarly, a blind person might use the words of Tob., v, 12, "What manner of joy shall be to me, who sit in darkness, and see not the light of heaven". Here, again, the words would have a meaning which they do not bear in Sacred Scripture. This accommodation is sometimes incorrectly styled the accommodated, or accommodative, sense of Scripture. From the definition it is clear that it is not a sense of Scripture at all. The possibility of such accommodation may arise, first, from some similarity between the ideas in the sacred text and the subject to which the passage is accommodated; secondly, from the fact that the words of Scripture may be understood in two different senses. The first is called extensive accommodation. Examples of it are found in the Church's offices, both in the Breviary and the Missal, when the praises bestowed by the Holy Ghost on Noe, Isaac, and Moses are applied to other saints. Thus the words of Ecclus., xxxii, 1, 5: "Have they made thee ruler? . . . hinder not music" are sometimes applied to College presidents assuming the burden of their office; we need not say that the words of Sacred Scripture have quite a different meaning. The second species of accommodation, called allusive, is often a mere play on words and at times seems due to a misunderstanding of the original meaning. The Vulgate text, "Mirabilis Deus in sanctis suis" (Ps., lxvii, 36) means, in the mouth of the Psalmist, that God is wonderful in His sanctuary (sancta, -orum). The Latin words may also be translated "God is wonderful in his saints" (sancti, -orum), and they are employed in this sense in the Missal. As this second signification was not intended by the inspired writer, the English rendering of the text in the Douay-Rheims version is a mistranslation.
The use of accommodation in the Bible.
It is generally held by Catholic authors that certain passages from the Old Testament have been used over again in the New Testament with a change of meaning. In the Epistle to the Hebrews (xiii, 5) the words spoken to Josue, "I will not leave thee, nor forsake thee" (Jos., i, 5), are applied to all Christians. Other examples of accommodation are the use of Exod., xvi, 18 in II Cor., viii, 15; Zach., iv, 14 in Apoc., xi, 4; Ps., vi, 9 in Matt., vii, 2, 3; Mich., vii, 6 in Matt, x, 36. Evidently, the new meaning attached to the words is also inspired. Rationalistic writers have maintained that similar accommodations are to be found in every case where the Four Evangelists quote the prophecies of the Old Testament. Some few Catholic writers have been willing to grant this explanation for a few passages, but the words in which the Evangelists assert that events in Our Lord's life took place "in order that" the prophecies might be fulfilled are incompatible with the theory that they wished to indicate only a resemblance between the event and the prophet's words. It is probable that no prophecy is used in the Gospels merely by accommodation.
Catholic rules for accommodation.
Accommodation is used in the Liturgy and by the Fathers of the Church; texts have been accommodated by preachers and ascetical authors. Many of the sermons of St. Bernard are mosaics of Scripture phrases. The Council of Trent forbade the wresting of Scripture to profane uses (Sess. IV, Decret. "De editione et usu Sacrorum Librorum "). Typical rules for guidance in the accommodation of Scripture are:

</doc>
<doc id="2920410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920410" title="Da Nang International Airport">
Da Nang International Airport

Đà Nẵng International Airport () is located in Đà Nẵng, the largest city in central Vietnam. It is the third international airport in the country, besides Noi Bai International Airport (Hanoi) and Tan Son Nhat International Airport (Ho Chi Minh City), and is an important gateway to access central Vietnam.
In addition to its civil aviation, the runway is shared with the Vietnamese People's Air Force ("VPAF", the "Không Quân Nhân Dân Việt Nam"), although military activities are now extremely limited.
The airport handled 3 million passengers in 2011, and it is estimated that it will serve 3.6 million passengers in 2012 and reach the 6 million milestone in 2016, which would be the upper limit of the terminals capacity. An expansion of the new terminal is currently considered to increase its capacity to 10 million passengers per annum by 2020.
History.
Situated on flat, sandy ground on the south side of the major port city of Da Nang, the area was ideal for an airfield, having unobstructed approaches to its north/south runways. Tourane Airport was built by the French colonial government in the 1930s as a civilian airport. During World War II, and the Japanese occupation of French Indochina, the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force used it as a military air base.
After the war, the facility was used by the French Air Force during the French Indochina War (1945–1954). In 1953/54 the French laid a NATO-standard asphalt runway at Tourane and stationed loaned American B-26s "Invaders" of the Groupe de Bombardement 1/19 Gascogne. In 1954 after the Geneva Peace Accords, these B-26's were returned to the United States.
In 1955, the newly established Republic of Vietnam Air Force (VNAF) inherited from the French a token force of fifty-eight aircraft. These included a few squadrons of Cessna L-19 observation aircraft, C-47 transports and various utility aircraft. Tourane Airfield was turned over to civilian use, with the South Vietnamese using facilities at Bien Hoa, Nha Trang and at Tan Son Nhut, near Saigon.
In 1957 the VNAF re-established a presence at the renamed Da Nang Airport, stationing the 1st Liaison Squadron with Cessna L-19s. The South Vietnamese Army (ARVN) also used Da Nang as a ranger training facility.
Air Vietnam also used the facility from 1951 to 1975 for civilian domestic and international flights within Southeast Asia.
During the Vietnam War (1959–1975), the facility was known as Da Nang Air Base, and was a major United States military base. Once little more than a provincial airfield, the facility was expanded to with two asphalt runways with concrete touchdown pads. parallel taxiways, and a heliport.
Recent history.
During the year 2006, Da Nang Airport counted one million passengers annually (40,000 international passengers), the first time since 1975 it had reached this level. By comparison, both the fourth-ranked Phu Bai Airport and fifth-ranked Cam Ranh Airport counted around 400,000 total passengers in the same year.
In order to cope with increasing traffic, a new passengers terminal opened on December 2011.
Facilities.
Da Nang International Airport has two paved, parallel runways (17–35 orientation) capable of handling large, modern aircraft such as Boeing 747s, 767s and Airbus 320s. Traffic volume at Da Nang averages 100 to 150 flights every 24 hours. Annual traffic was circa 1.45 million in 2007 and is expected to reach four million by 2020.
A new 20,000m² terminal, costing USD $84 million with a capacity of 4 million passengers per year, opened to receive its first domestic flight on 15 December. The feasibility study for the renovation of the airport was partially sponsored by the United States Trade and Development Agency (USTDA), and was completed by PriceWaterhouseCoopers in 2006. The new terminal includes five boarding gates, baggage handling systems, departure and arrivals areas, flight information display system (FIDS), common user terminal equipment (CUTE), fire detection systems and comprehensive public address and security systems, including screening equipment. Additionally, one of the airport's two runways was extended from to . After completion – at a total investment of USD $160 million – the airport now has a total capacity of six million passengers per year.
Airlines and destinations.
Current regular and terminated flights serving Da Nang International Airport are as follows:
Terminated routes.
Pacific Airlines inaugurated its daily flight between Da Nang and Hanoi in November 2005, giving domestic passengers an additional choice when flying between Da Nang and the capital, a route that had long been monopolized by Vietnam Airlines. At the beginning of 2008, Korean Air and Asiana Airlines announced the operation of summer charters between Seoul (Incheon International Airport) and Da Nang. Both carriers plan to convert this route to year-round regular scheduled service if this summer charter season proves to be successful.
TransAsia Airways started service between Taipei and Da Nang in December 2009, and China Southern Airlines began service between Guangzhou and Da Nang in January 2010; flights operate twice weekly. The Vietnamese Government is hoping to serve more flights, to destinations such as Phnom Penh, Hong Kong, Siem Reap, Japan, South Korea and Thailand after the construction of the new international terminal is complete in 2011.
Both Tiger Airways and AirAsia terminated their respective SIN-DAD and KUL-DAD flight due to high airport fees.

</doc>
<doc id="2920412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920412" title="Sergei Sedov">
Sergei Sedov

Sergei Lvovich Sedov (1908–1937) was Leon Trotsky's younger son by his second wife, Natalia Sedova, and an engineer. He was allegedly killed in the Great Purges.
Sedov was a Moscow-based engineer who published works on thermodynamics and diesel engines. He became a professor at the Moscow Institute of Technology while still in his twenties. 
Unlike his parents and his older brother Lev Sedov, Sergei Sedov was not active in politics. Nevertheless, he was caught up in the Great Purges as Trotsky's son. He was arrested in Moscow in early 1935 and sentenced to 5 years in exile in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, in August 1935. After unsuccessfully searching for work in Krasnoyarsk (his letters to his wife from this period are in the Hoover Archives), he was re-arrested in 1936 and sent to a labor camp. More recently, Robert Service in his "Trotsky" asserts that as an engineer Sergei did find work in a gold mine in Krasnoyarsk.
Sedov was killed in the next round of Stalin's purges in 1937, although the exact details of his death are unknown. The Soviet secret police, NKVD, announced in early 1937 that Sedov had been charged with trying to poison factory workers and the date of his final death sentence is believed to be October 29, 1937, but there have also been unconfirmed reports that he died in a prison uprising. His wife and her relatives were also arrested and spent years in exile and prisons. 

</doc>
<doc id="2920417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920417" title="Alexander Barchenko">
Alexander Barchenko

Alexander Vasilyevich Barchenko (; 1881, Yelets — April, 1938) was a Russian biologist and researcher of anomalous phenomena from St. Petersburg. In 1904 Barchenko attended the medical faculty of Kazan University, but then entered Yuryev University (today Tartu University). He is known first and foremost for his researchings of Hyperborea in Russian Far East region.
In 1925, he met and corresponded with Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, who assisted him in his research and studies of religious and mystical matters.
He was executed in Moscow during the Great Purge on April 25, 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="2920436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920436" title="Electrotyping">
Electrotyping

Electrotyping (also galvanoplasty) is a chemical method for forming metal parts that exactly reproduce a model. The method was invented by Moritz von Jacobi in Russia in 1838, and was immediately adopted for applications in printing and several other fields. As described in an 1890 treatise, electrotyping produces "an exact facsimile of any object having an irregular surface, whether it be an engraved steel- or copper-plate, a wood-cut, or a form of set-up type, to be used for printing; or a medal, medallion, statue, bust, or even a natural object, for art purposes." In art, several important "bronze" sculptures created in the 19th century are actually electrotyped copper, and not bronze at all; sculptures were executed using electrotyping at least into the 1930s. In printing, electrotyping had become a standard method for producing plates for letterpress printing by the late 1800s. It complemented the older technology of stereotyping, which involved metal casting. By 1901, stereotypers and electrotypers in several countries had formed labor unions around these crafts. The unions persisted into the 1970s, but by the late 20th century, after more than a century in widespread use for preparing plates, the two technologies had been bypassed by the transitions to offset printing and to new techniques for the preparation of printing plates.
Technical description.
As with metal casting and stereotyping, a mold is first formed from the model. Since electrotyping involves wet chemical processes and is done near room temperature, the molding material can be soft. Materials such as wax, gutta-percha (natural latex), and ultimately ozokerite were used. The mold's surface is made electrically conducting by coating it very thinly with fine graphite powder or paint. A wire is attached to the conducting surface, and the mold is suspended in an electrolyte solution.
Electrotyping is activated by electrical currents that flow between anode wires that are also immersed in the solution and the wire connected to the coated mold (the cathode). For copper electrotyping, a typical aqueous electrolyte contains copper sulfate (CuSO4) and sulfuric acid (H2SO4), and the anode is also copper; the arrangement is illustrated in the figure. The electrical current causes copper atoms to dissolve from the anode's surface and to enter the electrolyte as copper ions (Cu++ in the figure). Copper ions are taken up by the mold's conducting surface at the same rate at which copper dissolves from the anode, thus completing the electrical circuit. When the copper layer on the mold grows to the desired thickness, the electrical current is stopped. The mold and its attached electrotype are removed from the solution, and the electrotype and the mold are separated. An animation of the electrotyping process was produced in 2011 by the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Other metals besides copper can be electrotyped; similar procedures apply, but each different metal needs its own anode and electrolyte chemicals.
There is a second type of electrotyping that has been used in which the copper film is deposited onto the outside of a form, and is not separated from it. In this use the form is typically waterproofed plaster, which remains as a core after electrotyping. In German this method is known as "Kerngalvanoplastik"; the more usual technique described in the previous paragraph is known as "Hohlgalvanoplastik".
Electrotyping is related to electroplating, which permanently adds a thin metallic overlayer to a metallic object instead of creating a freestanding metal part. Electrotyping and electroforming both produce metal parts, but differ in technical details. Electroforming involves the production of a metallic part around a metallic mandrel, although the term is sometimes used more broadly to encompass all electrodeposition processes. As noted above, electrotyping forms the part using a non-conducting mold or form whose surface has been made conducting by applying a thin coating or graphite or metal powder.
The invention and subsequent developments.
At present, most sources credit Moritz Hermann Jacobi with the invention of "galvanoplasty" or electrotyping in 1838; Jacobi was a Prussian scientist who was working in St. Petersburg, Russia. 19th-century accounts often credited Thomas Spencer or C. J. Jordan with the invention in England, or Joseph Alexander Adams in the United States; Heinrich in particular gave a thorough account of the controversies surrounding the crediting of the invention, along with a short biography of Jacobi, in an article honoring the centennial of electrotyping in 1938.
The electrotyping industry was limited for some decades by the sources of the electrical currents needed to activate the deposition of metal films into the mold; the rate of film growth is proportional to the magnitude of this current. In the initial work, the Daniell cell was used to provide these currents. The Daniell cell was largely replaced by the Smee cell (amalgamated zinc and platinized silver in sulfuric acid) after the latter's invention by Alfred Smee in 1840. Both of these cells are forerunners of contemporary electrical batteries. By the 1870s, mechanical generators were being used; the larger currents that could be sustained by generators enabled substantial increases in the rate of metal deposition during electrotyping.
Electrotyping in printing.
One of the first applications of electrotyping was in printing. Initially, electrotyping was used to make copper reproductions of engraved metal plates or wooden carvings, which were used to print artwork. The electrotypes could be incorporated along with movable type to compose the formes for printing. Jacobi published his first account of electrotyping in October, 1838. In 1839, electrotyping was used by Russian printers for government documents; the Russian Czar Nicholas I had immediately become an enthusiastic supporter and patron of the technology. In England, the first use of electrotyping for printing appeared in the "London Journal" of April 1840, and other English examples are known from later in that year. The image to the right shows one of the earliest uses of electrotyping in the United States; it is a comparison done by Joseph Alexander Adams in 1841 of the printed image prepared directly from a wood carving and of the image printed from a copper electrotype copy. Electrotyped copper plates could be formed into cylinders, which was valuable for use in magazine and newspaper printing.
Electrotyping was also used to produce entire printing plates directly from the formes composed from movable type and illustrations. In this application, electrotyping was a higher quality but more costly alternative to stereotyping, which involved casting of type metal into a mold prepared from the forme. Stereotyping had been invented around 1725, and was already well-established when electrotyping was invented in 1838. Both methods yielded plates that could be preserved in case of future needs, for example in the printing of novels and other books of unpredictable popularity. The movable type used to compose the original forme could then be re-used. Both methods could be used to prepared curved plates for rotary presses, which were used for the longest print runs. The widespread adoption of electrotyping for this use occurred after mechanical electrical generators (dynamos) became commonly available around 1872. These generators supplanted the whole rooms of chemical batteries (Smee cells) that were previously used to provide electricity for electrotyping. Batteries did not have the electrical capacity needed to rapidly deposit the electrotype (or "electro"). The advent of plating dynamos sped up electrotyping twenty times or more, so that an electrotype printing plate could be deposited in less than two hours. In addition, the chemical batteries gave off toxic fumes that had required their isolation in separate rooms.
By the 1900s printing plants often incorporated electrotyping and stereotyping departments, and electrotyping and stereotyping had become trades with associated apprenticeships. In the United Kingdom, the National Society of Electrotypers and Stereotypers (NSES) formed in 1893, and continued to 1967 when it amalgamated with the National Graphic Association. In the US and Canada, the International Stereotypers and Electrotypers Union (ISEU) was formed in 1902; previously, electrotypers had belonged to the International Typographer's Union (ITU). In 1925 there were 6800 members, and in 1955 10,500. In 1973 the ISEU was absorbed into the International Printing and Graphic Communications Union. In 1978, an "Occupational Outlook Handbook" reported that 2000 electrotypers and stereotypers were employed in the US. However, job prospects were reported as poor. Offset printing has supplanted letterpress printing in most printing plants; the last letterpress facility for a newspaper was installed in the 1980s. For offset printing, the printing plates are typically prepared by coating them with light-sensitive materials, and creating the image on the plate by direct optical exposure (the photo-offset process); stereotyping and electrotyping are not used.
Electrotyping in art.
Electrotyping has been used for the production of metal sculptures, where it is an alternative to the casting of molten metal. These sculptures are sometimes called "galvanoplastic bronzes", although the actual metal is usually copper. It was possible to apply essentially any patina to these sculptures; gilding was also readily accomplished in the same facilities as electrotyping by using electroplating. Electrotyping has been used to reproduce valuable objects such as ancient coins, and in some cases electrotype copies have proven more durable than fragile originals.
One of the earliest documented large-scale () electrotype sculptures was John Evan Thomas's "Death of Tewdric Mawr, King of Gwent" (1849). The electrotype was done by Elkington, Mason, & Co. for the Great Exhibition of 1851. Among the most spectacular early examples are Josef Hermann's twelve angels (1858) at the base of the cupola of Saint Isaac's Cathedral in St. Petersburg, Russia (see photograph A below). As described by Théophile Gautier in 1867, "They are twenty-one feet high, and were made by the galvanoplastic process in four pieces, whose welding together is invisible. They could in this manner be made so light that, in spite of their dimensions, they would not be too heavy for the cupola. This crown of gilt angels, poised amid a flood of light, and shining with rich reflections, produces an extremely rich effect." Other important sculptures followed; David A. Scott has written, "Some extremely important commissions were made in electrotypes, such as the "bronzes" that adorn the Opera, Paris, and the 320 cm high statue of Prince Albert and four accompanying figures, erected behind the Albert Hall in London as a memorial to the Great Exhibition of 1851." The statue of Prince Albert was unveiled in 1861 (see photograph B below); the electrotyping process "was one in which the Prince Consort had had great faith." The Palais Garnier in Paris (the Opera) has two 7.5 meter tall sculptures above the main facade; the building was completed in 1869 (see photograph C below).
In the 19th century, museums often displayed electrotypes of ancient coins instead of the originals (see photograph D below), and individuals purchased electrotypes for their private collections. By 1920, the Victoria and Albert Museum in England had acquired nearly 1000 electrotyped copies of important objects from the collections of other European museums. The most celebrated may be their copy of the Jerningham wine cooler, which is a spectacular silverwork made in England in 1735 that has long been in the collection of the Hermitage Museum in Russia. Many of these objects were made by Elkington & Co., which had an extensive business in electrotyped silver.
An important example of electrotyping's use for preservation is the electrotype of the plaster life-mask of the poet John Keats (see photograph E below). The original life mask was made by Haydon in 1816. The plaster mask was electrotyped in 1884 by Elkington & Co., and this copper copy is now apparently in better condition than the plaster original.
From 1890 through at least 1930, the "Abteilung für Galvanoplastic" of the WMF Company in Germany produced many statues and other items using electrotyping. The statues in particular were significantly less expensive than bronze castings. Memorials in German cemeteries from this era often incorporated electroptyped statues from models that had been commissioned by WMF from well-known sculptors (see photograph F below). WMF also undertook larger commissions. One example is the full-sized copper electrotype (1911) of Ernst Rietschel's 1857 bronze for the Goethe–Schiller Monument in Weimar, Germany, which is about tall (see photograph at right).
Many sculptors have experimented with the technique of electrotyping a plaster form that remains as the core of the finished sculpture ("Kerngalvanoplastik"). As one example, the sculptor Elie Nadelman did several significant sculptures in the 1920s and 1930s using this technique. The advantage was that Nadelman could have these "galvanoplastique" metal sculptures made quickly and inexpensively. Such sculptures can degrade quickly, and have presented significant preservation and restoration problems.

</doc>
<doc id="2920440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920440" title="Willow Geer-Alsop">
Willow Geer-Alsop

Willow Geer-Alsop (born 2 March 1981) is an American actress.
Geer-Alsop was born in Los Angeles. She is a third-generation actor/actress, the daughter of actress Ellen Geer and children's musician Peter Alsop and the granddaughter of actor Will Geer (best known for his role in The Waltons as Grandpa Walton).
She worked as voice actor in the console Survival game Lost Odyssey and in the animated film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

</doc>
<doc id="2920442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920442" title="James Murray, 2nd Duke of Atholl">
James Murray, 2nd Duke of Atholl

James Murray, 2nd Duke of Atholl KT PC (28 September 1690 – 8 January 1764), styled Marquess of Tullibardine between 1715 and 1746, was a Scottish peer, and Lord Privy Seal.
Life.
Atholl was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, the third son of John Murray, 1st Duke of Atholl, by Lady Catherine, daughter of William Hamilton, Duke of Hamilton.
In 1712, he was made captain of the grenadier company of the 1st Foot Guards. On the attainder in 1715 of his elder brother, William Murray, Marquess of Tullibardine, for taking part in the Jacobite rising, an act was passed by parliament vesting the family honours and estates in him as the next heir. After the conclusion of the rebellion, he appears to have gone to Edinburgh to represent in as favourable a light as possible to the government the services of his father, in order to procure for him a sum of money in name of compensation.
At the election of 1715, he was chosen M.P. for Perth, and he was reelected in 1722. He succeeded to the peerage on the death of his father in 1724; and in 1733 an act of parliament was passed to explain and extend the act of 1715, by providing that the attainder of William, marquis of Tullibardine, should not extend to prevent any descent of honour and estate to James, duke of Atholl, and his issue, or to any of the issue or heirs male of John, late duke of Atholl, other than the said William Murray and his issue. 
In June 1724, he was made Lord Privy Seal, succeeding Lord Ilay, and on 21 September, he was chosen a representative peer. He was reelected in 1734, and during the same year was invested with the Order of the Thistle. As maternal grandson of James Stanley, 7th Earl of Derby, Atholl succeeded to the sovereignty of the Isle of Man, and to the ancient barony of Strange, of Knockyn, Wotton, Mohun, Burnel, Basset, and Lacy, on the death of James, 10th Earl of Derby, in 1736.
From 1737 to the general election of 1741, he sat in parliament both as an English baron and as a Scottish representative peer. On the approach of the highland army after the Jacobite rising of 1745, Atholl fled southwards, and his elder brother, the Marquis of Tullibardine, took possession of Blair Castle. Atholl, however, joined the army of the Duke of Cumberland in England, and, arriving with him in Edinburgh on 30 January 1746, went northwards. On 9 February, he sent a summons to his vassals to attend at Dunkeld and Kirkmichael and join the king's troops. On 6 April 1763, Atholl resigned the office of privy seal on being appointed keeper of the great seal in succession to Charles Douglas (1698-1778), Duke of Queensberry and Dover. He was also at the same time made lord justice general. 
He died at Dunkeld on 8 January 1764, in his seventy-fourth year, and was buried at Inveresk.
He was succeeded by in the barony of Strange by his daughter, Lady Charlotte, and in the Scottish titles by his nephew, John, the son of George Murray, a general in the Jacobite Rising which the second Duke did not join.
Family.
Atholl married firstly Jane, daughter of Thomas Frederick, on 28 April 1726. They had four children:
After his first wife's death in 1748 he married secondly Jean, daughter of John Drummond, 10th of Lennoch, on 7 May 1749, in Edinburgh. There were no children from this marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="2920445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920445" title="HMS Raleigh">
HMS Raleigh

Six ships and one shore establishment of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Raleigh", after Sir Walter Raleigh:

</doc>
<doc id="2920448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920448" title="Awal Khan">
Awal Khan

Awal Khan (born February 1, 1974 in Lahore) is a Pakistan-born Omani cricketer. He is a right-hand batsman and right arm medium-fast bowler. He played for Oman in the 2005 ICC Trophy and the 2007 ICC World Cricket League Division Two.

</doc>
<doc id="2920453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920453" title="Dave Sabo">
Dave Sabo

David Michael Sabo, nicknamed "The Snake," is a rock guitarist who plays in the heavy metal band Skid Row. He is co-guitarist with guitarist Scotti Hill.
Biography.
Sabo was born on September 16, 1964, in Perth Amboy, New Jersey. He grew up in Sayreville, down the street from Jon Bon Jovi. His mother, Dorothy, or "Mama Snake" as she is known, raised him and his brothers on her own. Influenced heavily by the rock n' roll music of the era, including some Motown, he found himself listening to the likes of Kiss, Aerosmith, Judas Priest, Black Sabbath, The Rolling Stones, and Van Halen. From an early age, Snake was a gifted athlete, even having scouts coming out to see him play. At the age of 13 he saw Kiss, which acted a catalyst for Snake to give up sports and focus his time on music and learning guitar. His mother had bought his brother a $40 guitar which he soon lost interest in, paving the way for Dave to take up the instrument at the age of 14.
He is also the uncle of former ATP Tennis professional Matt Sabo.
A chance meeting with local bass player Rachel Bolan in the Garden State Music Store where he was employed set him in the direction of forming the band that would earn him fame. Their partnership would not only prove to be the right step with their songwriting, but for friendship as well, as they still consider themselves to be best friends.
Skid Row.
Skid Row is an American hard rock/heavy metal band which became one of the flagship bands of the late 1980s hard rock scene. They were one of the most successful hard rock bands of the era until they were eclipsed by the Seattle grunge bands in the early 1990s. The band was named after Gary Moore's first band, Skid Row.
Skid Row was formed in New Jersey in 1986 by Bolan and Sabo. The pair added guitarist Scotti Hill, drummer Rob Affuso, and vocalist Matt Fallon who was later replaced by Sebastian Bach in 1987. The band began playing shows in clubs throughout the eastern United States.
With the assistance of friend Jon Bon Jovi, Sabo secured a record deal for Skid Row with Atlantic. In 1989, the band released their first album, "Skid Row", which was an instant success, mainly due to power ballads. The record went multi-platinum and produced the hit singles "18 and Life", "I Remember You" and "Youth Gone Wild". Skid Row turned in a heavier direction on their #1, double-platinum follow-up 1991 album. Sabo has worked as assistant producer on many of the band's songs.
Sabo composed music for the 2007 film "The Still Life".

</doc>
<doc id="2920462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920462" title="Zahle and Forzol">
Zahle and Forzol

Zahle and Forzol is a Greco-Melchite diocese in the Beqaa Valley, Lebanon. In the seventeenth, or perhaps in the sixteenth, century the diocese of Seleucia Pieria was for greater safety transferred by the Patriarch of Antioch to Maaloula in the Lebanon. The reason of this transfer was forgotten at a later date, and a town of "Seleucia Libani" was invented and identified with Maaloula, though such a town never existed. When the see was transferred from Maaloula to Forzol, the title of Seleucia accompanied it. The transfer had already taken place in 1760, for the Catholic titular Euthymius Fadel of Malouli then signed as Bishop of Forzol and Beqaa. In October, 1790, a Catholic bishop of Zahlé assisted at a council held in the Convent of Saint-Sauveur. The Diocese of Zahle is identical with that of Forzol, under which name it often appears. Since 1849 (Council of Jerusalem), at least among Catholics, the bishop bears the titles of Zahle, Forzol, and Beqaa. Since 1768 his residence has been at Zahle. In the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch the bishop always bears the title of Seleucia. Zahle itself dates only from the end of the seventeenth century, when Catholics fled thither in great numbers, the locality being under the protection of the emirs of Lebanese, by whom they were protected from Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch and from the Muslims. Gradually the place grew larger; as of 1913 it was a city of about 20,000 inhabitants, nearly all Catholics of the Greco-Melchite Rite. In 1860 the Druzes destroyed 2000 houses, and several Christians were massacred, among them four Jesuits. There are to-day a Jesuit residence and a school, similarly a residence and a school in the Molallaqa quarter. The diocese comprises 30,000 Catholics, forty seven priests, thirty three churches and chapels, nine primary schools, three convents of Salavatorians, Alepins, and of Chouerites, with forty three religious.

</doc>
<doc id="2920466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920466" title="Kenya Moore">
Kenya Moore

Kenya Summer Moore (born January 24, 1971 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American actress, model, author, television personality, producer and former Miss USA. She participated in the 1993 Miss Michigan USA pageant and won the Miss USA 1993 title while later finishing in the top six of the Miss Universe 1993 pageant. Moore was the second African-American and Detroit native to be crowned Miss USA (following Carole Gist who won the title in 1990). She currently stars as one of six members in the Bravo reality television series The Real Housewives of Atlanta since its fifth season premiere on November 4, 2012. Additionally, she founded the Kenya Moore Foundation, a charity which awards scholarships to underprivileged girls from her high school alma mater.
Moore will be a contestant on the "Celebrity Apprentice" season 7, which will air sometime in 2014.
Early life, modeling and pageants.
Moore was born in Detroit, Michigan to teenage parents Ronald Grant and Patricia Moore. She was raised by her grandmother (father's mother) and aunt after being abandoned by her mother at birth. She graduated from Cass Technical High School in 1989 and attended Wayne State University, where she majored in psychology. She began modeling at the age of 14, being featured on the cover of the January 1992 issue of Chicago-based Johnson Publishing Company's Ebony Man's (EM) magazine. She also became a model for the Ebony Fashion Fair cosmetic line. At 22, Moore won Miss Michigan USA (1993) and then won Miss USA 1993. She then represented America in the Miss Universe 1993 pageant, which she placed sixth in.
Post-pageant career.
Moore successfully leveraged her pageant wins into appearances in several television programs including: "Video Soul", "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", "Martin", "Homeboys in Outer Space", "Sparks", "Smart Guy", "Living Single", "Damon", "The Steve Harvey Show", "In the House", "The Jamie Foxx Show", "The Parent 'Hood", "Nubian Goddess", "Men, Women & Dogs", "The Parkers", "Girlfriends", "Under One Roof", and "Meet The Browns" She has also appeared on the covers of "Glamour", "Seventeen", "Ebony", and "Essence" magazines and can be seen in the music videos for Jermaine Dupri's "Money Ain't a Thang" (1998), Shai's "I Don't Wanna Be Alone" (1996), and Nas' "Street Dreams" (1996). Additionally, Moore has appeared in several films: "Waiting to Exhale" (1995), "Senseless" (1998), "Trois" (2000), "Deliver Us from Eva" (2003), "Brothers in Arms" (2005), "Cloud 9" (2006), "I Know Who Killed Me" (2007), and "" (2010). In 2012, Moore joined the season five cast of Bravo's "The Real Housewives of Atlanta". In 2013, she released a workout DVD titled "Kenya Moore: Booty Boot Camp". Moore will be a contestant on the "Celebrity Apprentice" season 7 later on in 2014, a premiere date not yet announced.
Production.
Moore was credited as producer/director of the film "Haitian Nights"; after the project lost its director for unspecified reasons, Moore took over the production and completed the film. When the film failed to find distribution, Moore founded Moore Vision Media, an independent movie production and home-video distribution company. The company's first production was "The Confidant", released by Universal Vivendi on August 24, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2920473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920473" title="Benzil">
Benzil

Benzil (systematically known as 1,2-diphenylethane-1,2-dione) is the organic compound with the formula (C6H5CO)2, generally abbreviated (PhCO)2. This yellow solid is one of the most common diketones. Its main use is as a photoinitiator in polymer chemistry.
Structure.
The compound's most noteworthy structural feature is the long carbon-carbon bond of 1.54 Å, which indicates the absence of pi-bonding between the two carbonyl centers. The PhCO centers are planar, but the pair of benzoyl groups are twisted with respect to the other with a dihedral angle of 117°. In less hindered analogues (glyoxal, biacetyl, oxalic acid derivatives), the (RCO)2 group adopts a planar, anti-conformation.
Applications.
Most benzil is used in the free-radical curing of polymer networks. Ultraviolet radiation decomposes benzil, generating free-radical species within the material, promoting the formation of cross-links. Recently, benzil has been demonstrated to be a potent inhibitor of human carboxylesterases, enzymes involved in the hydrolysis of carboxylesters and many clinically used drugs.
Reactions.
Benzil is a standard building block in organic synthesis. It condenses with amines to give diketimines ligands. A classic organic reaction of benzil is the benzilic acid rearrangement, in which base catalyses the conversion of benzil to benzilic acid. This reactivity is exploited in the preparation of the drug phenytoin. Benzil also reacts with 1,3-diphenylacetone in an aldol condensation to give tetraphenylcyclopentadienone.
Preparation.
Benzil is prepared from benzoin, which in turn is easily obtained via the benzoin condensation from benzaldehyde.

</doc>
<doc id="2920475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920475" title="Semyon Ignatyev">
Semyon Ignatyev

Semyon Denisovich Ignatiev, also spelled Ignatyev (; 14 September 1904 in Karlivka – 27 November 1983 in Moscow) was a Soviet politician.
Biography.
Ignatiev, the son of a peasant, an engineer, joined the Communist Party in 1926. For most of his career, he was a discreet regional apparatchik, serving as Party Secretary in Buryat ASSR, Bashkir ASSR, Byelorussian SSR and finally Uzbek SSR. He was called to Moscow in 1950. Joseph Stalin wanted Ignatiev to counter the influence of Lavrenti Beria and Viktor Abakumov, the two leading officials of the secret police at the time.
In 1951, he was chosen by Stalin to replace Abakumov as the Minister of the MGB of the USSR. During his tenure as head of the secret police, Ignatiev investigated the Doctors' Plot and helped propagating antisemitism in the Soviet Union, acting on Stalin's direct orders.
He was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1952 until 1961. He also briefly served as a member of the Presidium of the Central Committee (previously named Politburo) in the final months before Stalin's demise.
Immediately after the Soviet leader's death, Ignatiev lost most of his power, as Beria absorbed the MGB into his MVD on 5 March 1953. Ignatiev was sent back to Bashkir ASSR and ended his political career as the Party Secretary in Tatar ASSR, before retiring in 1960.
Unlike Beria and Abakumov, who were executed in 1953, Ignatiev ultimately became Stalin's only head of secret police to enjoy a peaceful death. He died in 1983 and was buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow, along with many members of the Soviet elite.

</doc>
<doc id="2920480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920480" title="Friedemann Friese">
Friedemann Friese

Friedemann Friese (born June 5, 1970) is a German board game designer, currently residing and working in Bremen. His trademarks are his green-colored hair and games whose titles begin with the letter "F". The majority of his games, self-published by his company 2F-Spiele, also sport a green color scheme. He is known for his absurd and humour-themed games.

</doc>
<doc id="2920491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920491" title="Zaraï">
Zaraï

Zaraï was a town in the Roman province of Numidia in what is now Algeria.
History.
It is mentioned in the "Itinerarium Antonini", 35, and in the "Tabula Peutingeriana". Ptolemy calls it Zaratha, and wrongly places it in Mauretania Caesariensis. 
It is probably the Zaratha of Apuleius. These two forms and the term "Zaraitani" found in an inscription seem to indicate that the name Zaraï which appears on another inscription must have lost a final dental letter. 
Location.
The ruins of Zaraï, called Henshir Zraïa, to the south-east of Setif in Algeria, crown an eminence which commands all the country on the left bank of the Oued Taourlatent, which the Arabs in the Middle Ages called Oued Zaraoua; remains of a Byzantine citadel and of two Christian basilicas are yet visible. 
Bishopric.
Two bishops of Zaraï are known:

</doc>
<doc id="2920495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920495" title="Valgus">
Valgus

Valgus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920497" title="Azhar Ali (Omani cricketer)">
Azhar Ali (Omani cricketer)

Syed Azhar Ali Urdu: سید اظہر علی (born February 2, 1968 in Karachi) is a right-handed Pakistan-born Omani cricketer who bowls a right-arm offbreak. He played for the 2005 ICC Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="2920499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920499" title="Abstract management">
Abstract management

Abstract management is the process of accepting and preparing abstracts for presentation at an academic conference. The process consists of either invited or proffered submissions of the abstract or summary of work. The abstract typically states the hypothesis, tools used in research or investigation, data collected, and a summary or interpretation of the data.
The abstracts usually undergo peer review after which they are accepted or rejected by the conference chair or committee and then allocated to conference sessions. The abstracts may be presented as an oral talk or as an illustrated poster during the event. Abstracts are often published before or after the event as conference proceedings or in academic journals or online. In some cases submission of a full paper may be required before final acceptance is given. In some fields (e.g., computer science), most mainstream conferences and workshops ask for the submission of full papers (rather than just abstracts) and academic program committees peer review the full paper to a standard comparable to journal publication before accepting a paper for presentation at the conference and publishing it in an edited proceedings series.
The abstract management process is closely tied to the need to provide continuing education to professionals, especially Continuing Medical Education or CME. Many annual meetings hosted by specialty societies provide educational credit hours so that attendees may keep current in the field and maintain their professional certifications.
Abstract management software.
Historically, abstract management was a time-consuming manual process requiring the handling of large amounts of paper and created a considerable administrative workload. An increasing number of organizations now use web-based abstract management software to streamline and automate the process. The work is sometimes outsourced to dedicated conference departments at major publishers and professional conference organisers.
Functionality.
Software functionality is based around typical conference workflows. These vary in detail, but in broad terms they must include a submission phase (usually abstract submission but sometimes full papers), reviewing, decision making by the programme committee, building of the conference programme and publishing of the programme and the abstracts or papers (online, in print or on a CD-ROM or other digital medium).
Abstract submission involves the authors in preparing their abstracts and sending them to the conference organisers through an online form, and is a relatively straightforward process. The abstracts are either uploaded as documents (typically Microsoft Word, PDF or LaTeX) or, where graphics and tables are not required, they may simply be entered into the form as plain text. The software will send out an email acknowledgement. Following the committee’s decisions on which abstracts are to be accepted for the conference the submission software may also be used to collect full papers and PowerPoint presentations.
Online reviewing may be more complex as the process is frequently “blinded” or anonymised. Reviewers will have particular interests or specialisations which should be taken into account when assigning abstracts to them, and they may have conflicts of interest. Reviews must be independent, i.e. reviewers should not be able to see other reviews before they have submitted their own. Abstract management software must provide for these options.
The programme committee will require extensive reporting and access to the abstracts and reviews. Software will usually support ranking of reviews and setting an acceptance threshold.
Some software products provide further functionality for the conference organisers. This often includes an email facility to report reviewers' comments and committee decisions to authors, programme building tools and online publishing.
Delegate registration is usually provided separately from abstract management.

</doc>
<doc id="2920514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920514" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Senj-Modruš">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Senj-Modruš

The diocese of Senj-Modruš () was located in the historical Kingdom of Croatia, while it was in personal union with Kingdom of Hungary, and it was suffragan of Zagreb.
The year of its foundation is not known. Miraeus, about 1150-1160, was the first bishop. The See of Modruš (Modrus) was established at Krbava (Latin: "Corbavia") 1185. Pius II (1458-1464) moved the former see from Krbava to Modruš, as it suffered from the advance of the Turks. From that time it was known as the See of Modruš.
Urban VIII united the See of Senj with that of Modruš. Gregory XVI in 1836 confirmed this union "per aequalitatem". Until 1600 the see was suffragan of Split, later of Esztergom, then of Kalocsa; since 1852 it was suffragan of Zagreb.
The diocese consisted of Rijeka, of some parts of the "Komitat" of Zagreb, and of the Military Frontier. It was divided into five archdeaneries and fifteen vice-archdeaneries, and 137 parishes. The language at Mass and during the services was Old Slavic, by reason of a papal privilege. There were two chapters which belonged to Senj and to Modruš, and one collegiate chapter at Rijeka. The seminary was situated at Senj; it was established by Bishop Osegovich in 1857. Trsat, a place of pilgrimage, was situated in the neighbourhood of Rijeka.
In 1969 the Diocese of Senj was joined with the Diocese of Rijeka to form the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Rijeka-Senj.

</doc>
<doc id="2920517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920517" title="Apollonia, Thessaloniki">
Apollonia, Thessaloniki

Apollonia is an ancient town (former Apollonia in Mygdonia) and a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Volvi, of which it is a municipal unit. It is located along the historical Via Egnatia in Macedonia, about midway between Thessaloniki and Amphipolis. The municipal unit Apollonia had 4,137 inhabitants in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2920520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920520" title="Pentagrammaton">
Pentagrammaton

Pentagrammaton stands for:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2920523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920523" title="Zenopolis">
Zenopolis

Zenopolis () or, as some scholars say is the proper term, Zenonopolis (Ζηνωνόπολις, "city of Zeno), is a name given to at least three cities of the Roman Empire in Late Antiquity. All three were also episcopal sees:

</doc>
<doc id="2920531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920531" title="Richard Stoker">
Richard Stoker

Richard Stoker (born 8 November 1938 in Castleford, Yorkshire) is a British composer and writer.
He started playing the piano at six; at seven he was composing. After initial encouragement from Arthur Benjamin and Benjamin Britten, he studied under Lennox Berkeley at the Royal Academy of Music. After winning the Mendelssohn Scholarship in 1962, he studied under Nadia Boulanger in Paris. After that he became a notable actor in films TV stage etc. He also was a Professor of composition at the Royal Academy of Music for 26 years. He was a tutor also at that institution and later became the Hon Treasurer and a Founder member of the Royal Academy of Music Guild. Stoker is also an Associate of the Royal College of Music and a Founder member of the Atlantic Council.
Stoker has declared the piano to be his favourite instrument, with the guitar a close second. He has produced a number of pieces for both instruments. Among his other works are operas, a piano concerto, three string quartets, three piano trios, song cycles, choral works, orchestral works and organ music. He is a fellow of the Royal Academy of Music, and is a former editor of "Composer" magazine.
Stoker is also an actor and film actor—he has appeared in over 100 films worldwide.
Stoker is also a writer of fiction: he has published two novels, short stories and poetry, and has also written three plays. He has also exhibited drawings and paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="2920535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920535" title="Hemal Mehta">
Hemal Mehta

Hemal Jayantilal Mehta (born March 6, 1974 in Calicut) is a left-handed India-born Omani cricketer who bowls a slow left-arm orthodox. He is the of the Oman (squad) and has captained the team during the ICC Cricket World Cup Qualifier 2009 and the ACC Challenge Trophy 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2920536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920536" title="Angvundaschorr">
Angvundaschorr

Angvundaschorr Massif (Russian spelling: массив Ангвундасчорр, "mountain with sandy slopes" as translated from the Saami language) is a mountain massif in Lovozerskiye Tundras mountain range (Kola Peninsula, Russia). 
Mount Angvundaschorr is the highest point in the area with an altitude of 1120 m. 
The Angvundaschorr Pass between Angvundaschorr and Kedykvampakhk (Кедыкварпахк) peaks connects the valleys of the brooks Chinglusuai and Sengisyok.
The mountain is a tourist attraction because of its legend according to which Angvundaschorr bears an imprint of the killed warlock Kuyva and thus the mountain is considered to be forbidding for the rock-climbers. 

</doc>
<doc id="2920543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920543" title="Pipiltin">
Pipiltin

The Pipiltzin (sg. pilli) were the noble social class in the Mexica Empire.
According to Maria Motika's "Aztec History", these people were members of the hereditary nobility and occupied the top positions in the government, the army and the priesthood. "Pipiltzin" helped increase social stresses which attributed to internal weaknesses of the Aztec Empire's downfall.
As the Aztecs began settling what would later become their homelands, an elite emerged (the "pipiltzin") that claimed descent from the Toltecs, the former empire of Central Mexico. The new hereditary elite unified the clans that had been the center of Aztec life and paved the way for a conquest empire.

</doc>
<doc id="2920547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920547" title="Columbia Trail">
Columbia Trail

The Columbia Trail is a rail trail in rural northwestern New Jersey. It was created from portions of the former Central Railroad of New Jersey High Bridge Branch and stretches from High Bridge, in Hunterdon County, through Washington Township, in Morris County for a total of . The trail surface is relatively flat and consists mostly of fine crushed stone.
History.
Lewis H Taylor, a member of the trustees of the Central Jersey Railroad, brought the railroad to High Bridge in 1876. The branch line was originally built to transport coal and iron ore from mines in Morris County for use in the Taylor Wharton Iron and Steel Company, the oldest foundry in United States History, and other foundries at High Bridge or Wharton. The High Bridge Branch was also used for passenger traffic until 1935.
In 1976, the branch was deemed redundant by its new owner, Conrail, and the rails were dismantled in 1980. In the mid-1990s, Columbia Gas Company bought the trail right-of-way and laid an underground gas pipeline under the right-of-way along the length of the trail. The trail and bridges were resurfaced in 2004. Since then, it has been a recreational trail serving the surrounding communities.
The Hunterdon County Division of Parks and Recreation and Morris County Park Commission now operate and maintain the trail under lease, although ownership of the right-of-way remains with the Columbia Gas Company.
A train wreck occurred on the Ken Lockwood Gorge trestle on April 18, 1885. An iron ore train led by the coincidentally named Columbia Engine derailed on the trestle and crashed into the river below. "Iron Mine Railroad of Northern New Jersey", by Larry Lowenthal, indicates this was engine 112 and does not indicate it had a name. The trail is, instead, most likely named for the Columbia Gas Pipeline. Minutes of meetings in Hunterdon Parks indicate that Hunterdon suggested the name "Columbia Trail", much to the satisfaction of the gas company. Recent oppositions to gas utilities, and their relationship to hydraulic fracturing (aka "Fracking") have spurred public outcry to rename the route "High Bridge Branch Trail", a more historically accurate and less controversial tag. Furthermore, it may be considered a conflict of interest for a government agency to promote a private industry such as Columbia Gas in name and associated publications (tax payer funded maps, guides, interpretive signage, etc.).
Route.
The Columbia Trail runs from High Bridge in Hunterdon County northeast to Washington Township in Morris County. The route is quite scenic, as the meandering South Branch of the Raritan River parallels the trail along most of its route across two counties. The trail passes through Califon in Hunterdon County and Long Valley in Morris County. Just north of Long Valley, Patriots' Path provides links east towards County Route 513 and west towards Schooley's Mountain Park.
Beyond the northeastern end of the trail on the border of Washington and Mt. Olive Townships, an active rail line is still in service and operated by the Morristown and Erie Railway to Wharton. The trail connects to the New Jersey Transit Raritan Valley Line at High Bridge and connects to Patriots Path in Long Valley.
A notable portion of the Columbia Trail is the Ken Lockwood Gorge, between Califon and High Bridge (2½ miles north of High Bridge). The South Branch of the Raritan River parallels the trail through the gorge, and is a scenic fast-flowing small river with recreational activities, especially fly fishing. A trestle carries the trail over the river in the gorge.
There are few remnants of the former rail line along the trail, except for the occasional rotting railroad cross ties along the trail. There is a small section of track preserved in Califon and a small and rarely open museum dedicated to the rail line history is located in the preserved train station in the town center.
Trail access.
The southern trailhead is located in High Bridge at 79 Main Street. The trail begins on the east side of Main Street across from the entrance to Commons Park, where parking is available. (Note: ignore outdated advice to turn left onto Van Syckle Place for municipal parking.)
The northern trailhead is located in Washington Twp at the border with Mt. Olive on Bartley Road (Morris Cty 625). There is a small public parking area across from the current end of the Morristown & Erie rail line. There is another public parking area in Long Valley off Schooley's Mountain Road between Fairview Avenue and Maple Lane, across from the Lakeland Bank (the old Long Valley train station when the Jersey Central train line passed through the area).

</doc>
<doc id="2920550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920550" title="Noi Bai International Airport">
Noi Bai International Airport

Nội Bài International Airport () in Hanoi, the capital of Vietnam, is the largest airport in the north of the country. It is 28 miles (45 km) from the city centre. The travel time from the city centre is 30–45 minutes.
Facilities.
At 650 ha, Noi Bai is the second-largest airport in Vietnam, behind the 800 ha Tan Son Nhat International Airport. A larger international terminal (T2, with a capacity of 16 million passengers "per annum") is under construction since March 2012, with completion expected by the end of 2014. A new domestic terminal extension (T1, section E) was also completed in early 2014.
The airport has a new 3,800-meter paved runway (CAT II – 11R/29L – opened in August 2006) and an older 3,200-meter paved runway (CAT I – 11L/29R) 
The distance between the two runways is only 250 metres, so the airport has a maximum capacity of 10 million passengers a year in accordance with International Civil Aviation Organisation safety regulations.
History.
In 2010, the airport received approximately 9.5 million passengers, which made it overloaded, and accounted for one-third of international departures and arrivals at Vietnam's three international airports. The designed capacity of the T1 terminal is 6 million passengers "per annum".
Terminal, airlines and destinations.
As of December 2011, there was only one passenger terminal at Nội Bài Airport. In March 2012 the construction of a new terminal (terminal 2 or T2) next to the existing one with designed capacity of 16 million passengers "per annum" started. The 996m long new terminal 2, funded by a Japan International Cooperation Agency loan was designed by Japan Airport Consultants and being built by Taisei Corporation, is expected to be put into operation early 2015 together with a new freeway connection the airport to downtown Hanoi.
As of July 2011, the following destinations were served from Hanoi:

</doc>
<doc id="2920561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920561" title="Free Software Directory">
Free Software Directory

The Free Software Directory (FSD) is a project of the Free Software Foundation (FSF). It catalogs free software that runs under free operating systems - particularly GNU and Linux. The cataloged projects are often able to run in several other operating systems. The project was formerly co-run by UNESCO.
Unlike some other directories that focus on free software, Free Software Directory staff verify the licenses of software listed in the directory.
Coverage growth and usages.
FSD has been used as a source for assessing the share of free software, for example finding in September 2002 an amount of "1550 entries, of which 1363 (87.9%) used the GPL license, 103 (6.6%) used the LGPL license, 32 (2.0%) used a BSD or BSD-like license, 29 (1.9%) used the Artistic license, 5 (0.3%) used the MIT license". By September 2009, the Directory listed 6,000 packages whose number grew up to 6,500 in October 2011, when the newly updated directory was launched. All listed packages are "free for any computer user to download, run and share. Each entry is individually checked and tested [...] so users know that any program they come across in the directory will be truly free software [...] with free documentation and without proprietary software requirements".
Several scientific publications review or refer to the directory. It has been remarked that the Directory "only includes software that runs on free operating systems. The FSF/UNESCO Free Software Directory is also a collaborative project, offering a web interface for users to enter and update entries".
Among the critical issues of the previous version, it has been pointed out that while "available software is described using a variety of textual metadata, including the components upon which a particular piece of software depends", "unfortunately, those dependencies are only listed by name, and locating and retrieving them is left to the user".
On the other hand, the accuracy of the directory review on licenses is acknowledged.
The code review from the directory's editorial board is suitable for obtaining statistics on subsets of free software packages reliably clustered by license.
In September 2011, the Free Software Directory was re-implemented as a wiki, using MediaWiki and the Semantic MediaWiki extension, to allow users to directly add to and modify its contents.
Semantic MediaWiki provides the directory with semantic web technologies by adding "advanced search and presentation capabilities, structured to be useful for reading by both humans and data-mining programs".
The new edition of the directory has been described as designed to ease and support with semantics the discovery and harvesting of information on free software programs. "An extensive and flexible category system, plus over 40,000 keywords and more than 40 different fields of information, enhance both simple and advanced searching".
A recent snapshot of the taxonomy of the projects reviewed and accepted in the directory is the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="2920562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920562" title="Chuts">
Chuts

Chuts is the name applied to Jews who immigrated to London from the Netherlands during the latter part of the 19th century. They typically came from Amsterdam and practised trades they had already learned there, most notably cigar, cap and slipper making.
They settled mostly in a small system of streets in Spitalfields known as the Tenterground, formerly an enclosed area where Flemish weavers stretched and dried cloth on machines called "tenters" (hence the expression "on tenterhooks"). By the 19th century, the site had been built upon with housing, but remained an enclave where the Dutch immigrants lived as a close-knit and generally separate community. Demolished and rebuilt during the twentieth century, the area is now bounded by White's Row, Wentworth Street, Bell Lane and Toynbee Street (formerly Shepherd Street).
Following the assassination of Tsar Alexander II of Russia in 1881, many thousands of Jewish refugees, fleeing political unrest in Eastern Europe, arrived in the East End of London, including the Tenterground, by which time the Chuts had begun to disperse. Significantly, the successful introduction of machinery for the mass-production of cigarettes ultimately led to the collapse of the cigar-making economy on which the Chuts community depended. Many Chuts returned to improved conditions in Amsterdam, some emigrated further afield to places such as Australia and the USA, some assimilated into other Jewish families, and some eventually lost their Jewish identity altogether.
There was distinct rivalry between the Chuts and the later Jewish immigrants, not least because the Chuts had arrived as city-dwellers, with useful industrial skills, and by 1881 had already learned to speak English, whereas the later immigrants were generally impoverished rural workers who had to learn new trades in the notorious sweatshops and, arriving penniless and in great numbers, drew attention to the problem of immigration which resulted in the Aliens Act of 1905.
Furthermore, the Chuts were treated with suspicion by other Jews because the former had developed specific customs and practices, many of their families having lived in Amsterdam since the first synagogues were established there in the early years of the 17th century. Uniquely in Amsterdam, Ashkenazim (so-called "German Jews") and Sephardim (so-called "Spanish Jews") lived in close proximity for centuries, resulting in a cultural blend not found elsewhere. Most remarkably, the Dutch Jews were well accustomed to the sea, and ate seafoods considered not kosher by other Jewish communities.
Etymology.
The origin of the name "Chuts" is uncertain. A popular assumption is that it derives from the Dutch word "goed" (meaning "good") and is imitative of the foreign-language chatter that others heard. It is also Hebrew חוץ for "outside" or "in the street" and may have been applied to the Dutch Jews of London either because they were socially isolated or because many were street vendors. Another possibility is that the Hebrew word would have appeared increasingly in Amsterdam synagogue records as more and more emigrated to London, and others who followed would have "gone chuts" ("i.e.", emigrated).
The word "Chut" is sometimes used as a singular noun but is most likely a back-formation.
Conditions in the Netherlands prior to immigration.
Despite Napoleonic emancipation in 1793, Jews remained barred from entry into the guilds in the Netherlands and were not permitted to be shopkeepers (with few exceptions, e.g. kosher butchers) for fear of the competition they would present to other Dutch. They were also denied entry into the state school system.
In spite of the efforts of William III after the defeat of Napoleon, the Ashkenazi Dutch concentrated in Amsterdam in slum conditions and resisted integration. Prejudice against them, although not amounting to religious persecution, continued through the mid-19th Century. These factors together with the ongoing decline of the Dutch economy prompted a flow of Jewish emigrants from Amsterdam.
Notably, Jews in the UK benefitted from formal emancipation in 1858, after which they could become skilled tradesmen and conduct business freely without taking Christian oaths.

</doc>
<doc id="2920565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920565" title="Queen Games">
Queen Games

Queen Games is a German publisher of tabletop games, based in Troisdorf and founded in 1992 by head Rajive Gupta, which specialises primarily in German-style, family-level games but has also published smaller numbers of both simpler, children's games and more complex, gamers' games.
They have shown a propensity for re-releasing previously self-published games in professionally illustrated editions, having drawn multiple times from the catalogues of db-Spiele and, more recently, Winsome Games, and re-releasing those already published by themselves with a different theme and varying degrees of revision of the rules. One of their more popular releases is "Alhambra", itself developed from a game originally self-published in 1992, which won the Spiel des Jahres and placed second in the Deutscher Spiele Preis in 2003. "Alhambra" has since spawned many expansions and a number of standalone spin-offs and could be considered the "franchise" of the company. They are also known to some extent for publishing many games designed by Dirk Henn (and not only, though primarily, those previously self-published by him), with illustration by Jo Hartwig or Michael Menzel and/or with an Arabian theme, whether set within the Arabian Peninsula itself or an Islamic culture such as Al-Andalus. Other games published by Queen Games include "", "San Francisco Cable Car" and "Wallenstein".
In 2000, Queen Games switched from publishing their games in traditionally horizontal, shallow, rectangularly faced boxes in various shapes and sizes to using distinctively "fatter" boxes designed for being stacked vertically in only four standardised box sizes and their publications from about 2005 to 2010 have typically been produced in both a domestic version with only German rules and an export version (recognisable by the flags indicating the included languages on the front of the box) with rules in English, French, Spanish, Italian, Dutch and German and the title on the box changed to be more language-independent (such as "Alhambra" instead of "Der Palast von Alhambra"). If the game components contain text this is replaced in the export version with either language-independent symbols (as has been the case with "Alhambra" and "Roma") or a translation into English (as is the case with more recent releases such as "Granada" and "Arena: Roma II"). Some of their games have, however, also been re-published by publishers based in other countries in fully translated versions (these include, in the case of English-language versions, Überplay and Esdevium Games; Queen's own export versions are, as of February 2010, distributed in the United States by Rio Grande Games and in the United Kingdom by Esdevium Games). Both practices appear to be being gradually phased out as of February 2010, with most new games being packaged in shallower, square-fronted boxes and produced in one German-titled, multilingual edition; only those that are language-dependent have separate domestic and export editions.
Notable publications.
Listed below are games published at some point by Queen Games that gave been recommended by international awards or considered notable enough to be re-released by Queen or other publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="2920568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920568" title="Zwettl Abbey">
Zwettl Abbey

Zwettl Abbey () is a Cistercian monastery located in Zwettl in Lower Austria, in the Diocese of St. Pölten.
History.
Zwettl Abbey was founded in 1137 by Hadmar I of Kuenring, with Herrmann, a monk of Heiligenkreuz Abbey, as its first abbot (1137–47). It was a daughter house of Heiligenkreuz, of the line of Morimond. The foundation was confirmed by Pope Innocent II (1140) and over the course of time by several other popes and emperors. Several members of the family of the founder were buried here.
The monastery was constructed, as Cistercian houses often were, in a river valley, in this case in a bend of the River Kamp. Extensive buildings were erected, and the church, chapter-room, and dormitory were blessed in 1159, though the entire monastery was not completed until 1218. Zwettl Abbey soon became one of the most important monasteries in the order.
Towards the end of the fourteenth century, the abbey was repeatedly plundered, especially in 1426, when 4,000 Hussites sacked and burned it down. It was rebuilt under Abbot John (1437–51). Near the end of the fifteenth century, over forty monks lived in Zwettl Abbey. Under the Protestant Reformation the community was reduced to six monks and one secular priest. By an imperial rescript the monastery was forced to sell one quarter of its large possessions. It flourished again under Abbot Erasmus (1512-1545) and his successors during the Baroque period, notwithstanding the Thirty Years' War and the Turkish invasion, during which it was saved from destruction by the friendship of the Count of Thurn for Abbot Siegfried. 
During the administrations of Abbot Linck (1646–71), author of the "Annales Austrio Claravallenses", and Abbot Melchior (1706-1747), who rebuilt a great part of the abbey and enriched it with many precious vessels and vestments, it reached its zenith. Abbot Melchior encouraged study and opened schools of philosophy, theology and so on in the monastery. During the period of Josephinism Abbot Rainer was obliged to resign, to be succeeded by a commendatory abbot (1786), but after 1804 the community was allowed to elect its own abbot. From 1878 the abbey was administered by Abbot Stephen Roessler, the sixty-first from its foundation. Besides him two other noted historians were members of Zwettl during the nineteenth century: Johann von Frast (d. 1850) and Leopold Janauschek, the author of "Originum Cisterciensium".
Buildings.
The monastery contains buildings of all architectural styles from Romanesque to Baroque. 
The modern form of the premises is the result of the Baroque refurbishment in the 18th century, which involved the reconstruction of the principal buildings. Among other parts the western tower was constructed by Josef Munggenast to plans by Matthias Steinl. Only one other tower in Lower Austria is higher than this building's 82 meters. Another part of this construction period is the library, which contains frescoes by Paul Troger.
From 1728 to 1731 Johann Ignaz Egedacher from Passau constructed the famous Egedacher Organ, one of the biggest and most expensive organs of the region of Vienna and Lower Austria.
Present day.
The abbey's library contains over 60,000 volumes, 500 incunabula, and 420 manuscripts, the most famous of which is the Zwettl "Stiftungsbuch" ("cartulary"). 
The community now consists of 23 monks, who have care of fourteen incorporated parishes and four others. The monastery makes its living from a forest of about 2,500 hectares, a fish farm of 90 hectares, a farm of 110 hectares and the vineyards of Schloss Gobelsburg with about 35 hectares. 
The monastery buildings now contain a school.
Every year since 1983 an organ festival has been held here.

</doc>
<doc id="2920570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920570" title="Westminster Abbey Muniments">
Westminster Abbey Muniments

The Westminster Abbey Muniments is a collection of muniments and manuscripts comprising archives of Westminster Abbey from the tenth century to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="2920579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920579" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Maracaibo">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Maracaibo

The Archdiocese of Maracaibo () is an Archdiocese in Venezuela. Since November 2000, its Archbishop has been Ubaldo Ramón Santana Sequera. The city of Maracaibo, the second largest in Venezuela, has a population of approximately 2,800,000. The Archdiocese covers a total area of 10,761 square kilomenters (4,156 square miles) in Zulia State.
History.
The archdiocese was first established as the Diocese of Mérida by Leo XIII on 28 July 1897 as part of the Archdiocese of Mérida. It was renamed the Diocese of Zulia (2 January 1953) and renamed again as the Diocese of Maracaibo (23 July 1965). Finally it was elevated to Archdiocese on 30 April 1966.
Maracaibo was visited by Pope John Paul II in 1985.
Our Lady of Rosario of Chiquinquirá.
This basilica in Maracaibo is one of the many popular representations of the Virgin Mary in Venezuela. The story of an apparition of the virgin dates from the 18th century. 
An old lady made her living by washing other people's clothes, a job she did every morning on the shores of the lake. On 18 November 1709 she had collected a load of clothes, and as usual, headed to the lake to wash them. This old lady was at her chores when she saw a wooden board floating towards her, and picked it up thinking that it might be of some use. When she had finished her work, she went home carrying the clothes, the board and a small vase of fresh water. Having placed the board on top of the vase, she noticed a small figure in the board but could not tell what it was.
She fell asleep, and when she awoke it was already late and dark. She decided to go to a local grocery store (in 1709?!) to buy some candles. On her way back a small group of people had gathered outside her house, and coming closer she noticed that her home was filled with light. After entering she and some of the neighbours witnessed the small wooden board floating in the air surrounded by light with a bright crisp image of the Virgin Mary, an event since popularly held a miracle.
Since that day the street where she lived has been known as "El Milagro" meaning ¨Miracle¨ in Spanish, and to this day it is one of the most important streets in the neighbourhood of "El Saladillo" in the city of Maracaibo.

</doc>
<doc id="2920591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920591" title="Zoara">
Zoara

Zoara, the biblical Zoar, previously called Bela, (,) was one of the five (Pentapolis) cities of the plain of Jordan in Genesis, which escaped the "brimstone and fire" which destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, for having sheltered Lot and his daughters. It is mentioned by Josephus; Ptolemy (V, xvi, 4); and by Eusebius and Saint Jerome in the "Onomasticon".
In the Bible.
Zoara-, meaning "small" or "insignificance" in Hebrew, (a "little one" as Lot called it,) was a city east of Jordan in the vale of Siddim, which later became the Dead Sea. Along with Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboim, Zoar was one of the 5 cities slated for destruction by God; but Zoar was spared at Lot's plea as his place of refuge. ()
Other ancient references.
The "Notitiae Dignitatum", 72, places at Zoara, as a garrison, the resident "equites sagitarii indigenae"; Stephen of Byzantium (De urbibus, s.v. Addana) speaks also of its fort, which is mentioned in a Byzantine edit of the 5th century (Revue biblique, 1909, 99); near the city was a sanctuary to Saint Lot. Hierocles ("Synecdemus") and George of Cyprus both mention it.
In the Madaba Map, of the 6th century, it is represented in the midst of a grove of palm trees under the names of Balac or Segor (the Septuagint form of "Zoar"), now Zoara.
At the end of the 4th century a bishop of Zoara accompanied the western pilgrim, wrongly named Silvia. The pseudo-Antonius in the 6th century describes its monks, and extols its palm trees. Owing to its tropical climate and to the waters coming down from the mountains of Moab, Zoara is a flourishing oasis where the balsam, indigo, and date trees bloom luxuriantly. During the French occupation it took the name of Palmer, or of Paumier. William of Tyre (XXII, 30) and Foulcher of Chartres (Hist. hierosol., V) have left beautiful descriptions of it, as well as the Arabian geographers, who highly praise the sweetness of its dates. It is not known when the city disappeared;
Bishopric.
Zoara was part of the late Roman province of Palaestina Tertia.
It became a bishopric and is included in the Catholic Church's list of titular sees.
Le Quien gives the names of three of its bishops;
Other references to Zoara.
The Syriac Chronicles of Michael the Syrian (12th century) and of Bar Hebraeus (13th century) contain some obscure traditions regarding the founding of some of the "cities of the plain". According to these accounts, during the lifetime of Nahor (Abraham's grandfather), a certain Canaanite named Armonius had two sons named Sodom and Gomorrah, for whom he named two newly built towns, naming a third (Zoara) after their mother. 
Archaeology.
Prior to the major archeological excavations in the 1980s and 1990s that took place in Zoara, scholars proposed that several sites in the area of Khirbet Sheikh 'Isa and al-Naq' offered further evidence of Zoara's location and history. Further information regarding Zoara in different historical epochs were obtained through the descriptions of Arabian geographers, suggesting that Zoara served as an important station in the Akkabah-to-Jericho trade route, and through Eusebius's statement that the Dead Sea was situated between Zoar and Jericho. Researchers who have studied ancient texts portray Zoara as a town erected in the middle of a flourishing oasis, watered by rivers flowing down from the high Moab Mountains in the east. The sweet dates that grew abundantly on the palm trees surrounding Zoara are also mentioned in some historical texts.
Several excavation surveys have been conducted in this area in the years 1986-1996. Ruins of a basilical church that were discovered in the site of Deir 'Ain 'Abata ("monastery at the Abata Spring" in Arabic), were identified as the Sanctuary of Agios (Saint) Lot. An adjacent cave is ascribed as the location where Lot and his daughters took refuge during the overthrow of Sodom. About 300 engraved funerary steles in the Khirbet Sheikh 'Isa area in Ghor al-Safy were found in 1995. Most gravestones were inscribed in Greek and thus attributed to Christian burials, while several stones were inscribed in Aramaic, suggesting that they belong to Jewish burials. These gravestones were therefore traced back to the 4th-5th centuries AD, when Zoara was an important Jewish center.

</doc>
<doc id="2920595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920595" title="Serials, periodicals and journals">
Serials, periodicals and journals

In publishing or library science, the term serial is applied to materials "in any medium issued under the same title in a succession of discrete parts, usually numbered (or dated) and appearing at regular or irregular intervals with no predetermined conclusion."
In contrast, a periodical has been defined as "A serial publication with its own distinctive title, containing a mix of articles ... by more than one contributor, issued ... at regular stated intervals of less than a year, without prior decision as to when the final issue will appear." This includes magazines and journals, but not proceedings or newspapers.
Magazines are the most typical type of periodical, and therefore have their own entry and category.
Other serials, periodicals and journals produced by scientific, artistic, academic or special interest publishers are often subscription-only, much more expensive, narrowly limited in circulation, and have little or no advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="2920597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920597" title="Rural committee">
Rural committee

Rural committee () is a body representing the welfare of indigenous residents in the New Territories of Hong Kong. The chairman of each rural committee is the representative in the Heung Yee Kuk, and is "ex officio" member of a district council.
List of Rural Committees.
There are 27 Rural Committees in total.

</doc>
<doc id="2920604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920604" title="St. Zita's Home for Friendless Women">
St. Zita's Home for Friendless Women

St. Zita's Home for Friendless Women was founded at 158 East 24th Street, New York, by Ellen O'Keefe (later known as Mother Zita) in 1890. It soon moved to West 14th Street, where it remained until it ceased operations around 2002.
Born in County Limerick, Ireland, O'Keefe emigrated to New York in 1864. She selected nursing as a career, and during her two years' training at the city hospital, Blackwell's Island, first conceived the idea which was to give a direction to her life. Moved with pity for the unfortunate women with whom she there came in contact and whose previous records were so fatal an obstacle to their securing employment, she determined to found a home where they could find shelter and an opportunity to reform their lives. With her personal savings she started single-handed the home in 24th Street, but was later joined by two friends (Mary Finnegan and Katherine Dunne). Every woman who sought admission was received without formal application and regardless of her religious views or previous character. This charitable work had from the first the approval of ecclesiastical authorities, and as it became more widely known the greatly increased number of applicants necessitated its transference to larger quarters.
Miss O'Keefe had always treasured the thought of forming a religious community for the perpetuation of her work and to make reparation to Our Savior in the Blessed Sacrament. Archbishop (later-Cardinal) Farley, then the new Archbishop of New York, approved her religious congregation in September, 1903, under the title of the Sisters of Reparation of the Congregation of Mary. O'Keefe was named Superioress of the congregation under her religious name of Mother Zita. Her companion, Katherine Dunne (Sister Mary Magdalen) took the religious habit on her death-bed. A postulancy of one year and a novitiate of two years had to be served; perpetual vows were made after five years. In 1906 Mother Zita visited her native land and returned with six novices, bringing the number of members to fifteen by 1912.
In 1907 a branch house was opened at East 79th Street. A Sister always slept near the door, since it was a rule of the community that no one was to be refused admission at any hour, day or night; the observance of this rule frequently rendered it necessary to the Sisters to give up their own beds to their humble guests. The women were kept as long as they desired to stay; if able-bodied they had to help in the laundry or at sewing, the sole support of the home; if ill, they were cared for or sent to the hospital. Catholic residents were required to attend Mass on Sundays and any Holy Day of Obligation, but this was the sole distinction between the residents of the different religions. The Sisters also visited the poor in the hospitals, and supplied free meals to men out of employment. The number of women accommodated each night was from one hundred to 125; the meals supplied to men out of work averaged daily 65.
The work of the Sisters was transferred to St. Zita's Villa in Monsey, New York, where the remaining members of the congregation retired along with a number of their residents.

</doc>
<doc id="2920613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920613" title="Nicola LeFanu">
Nicola LeFanu

Nicola Frances LeFanu (born 28 April 1947) is a British composer, academic, lecturer and director.
Life.
Nicola LeFanu was born in England to William LeFanu and Elizabeth Maconchy (also a composer, later Dame Elizabeth Maconchy). She studied at St Hilda's College, Oxford, before taking up a Harkness Fellowship at Harvard. In 1972 she won the Mendelssohn Scholarship. She later became Director of Music at St Paul's Girls' School (1975–77), taught at King's College London (1977–1995, as Lecturer, Senior Lecturer and Professor), and then a Professor of Music at the University of York where she was Head of Department from 1994 to 2001. She retired from teaching in 2008.
In 1979 she married the composer David Lumsdaine.
She earned a Doctorate in Music from the University of London in 1988 and holds honorary doctorates from the Universities of Durham and Aberdeen and from the Open University. She is active in many aspects of the musical profession, as composer, teacher and director.
Works.
LeFanu has written around sixty works, including music for orchestra, chamber groups and voices, as well as six operas. These have been widely played and broadcast, and many are available on CD. Her music is published by Chester Novello and Maecenas.
Her operas are:
Some of her recent works include:

</doc>
<doc id="2920616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920616" title="Lidingöbanan">
Lidingöbanan

Lidingöbanan ("The Lidingö Line") is a light rail system in Stockholm, Sweden, between Ropsten and Gåshaga brygga, serving the southern half of Lidingö island.
The Lidingöbanan has its origins in the "Stockholm-Södra Lidingöns Järnväg" (Stockholm-Southern Lidingö Railway), proposed by inventor Gustaf Dalén. Public transportation on Lidingöbanan has always been provided using tram cars, but in the past Lidingöbanan also carried goods traffic. At its largest, Lidingöbanan extended to Humlegården in Stockholm through Stockholms Spårvägar's tramway network, with access to the Värtabanan railway track. There was also traffic on a track on the north side of Lidingö island which terminated at Kyrkviken, but that section closed in 1971. Lidingö town centre is now accessible only by bus. Lidingöbanan formally became part of SL's public transportation network in 1972.
Lidingöbanan was legally a railway until August 2008, when it was reclassified by the Swedish railway inspectorate ("Järnvägsstyrelsen"). Passenger service has, however, always been provided by tramcars, which prior to 1967 continued onto the streets of Stockholm, as mentioned above. The electrical infrastructure (overhead wire) is of tram type.
Until recently the rolling stock consisted of Type A30/A30B and B30/B30B maneouver trams, all over fifty years old, and dating from the period (1940s–50s) when the Stockholm Metro was only partially completed and these areas were served by trams, adopted for faster two-way traffic.
Lidingöbanan has been closed since summer 2013 for engineering works, modernisation and installation of new equipment. The track will be replaced (with some lengths of single track possibly converted to double) and new Type A32 trams and signalling introduced. Completion is due late 2014, with rail replacement buses running during this period.
Lines.
Lidingöbanan has a single line with fourteen stations, from Ropsten in northeast Stockholm to Gåshaga brygga in southeastern Lidingö.
At Ropsten there is an interchange with the Stockholm Metro Red Line 13, and a Waxholmsbolaget archipelago boat terminal at Gåshaga brygga.
There are plans to connect the line with the Spårväg City line in central Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="2920617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920617" title="Lambert conformal conic projection">
Lambert conformal conic projection

A Lambert conformal conic projection (LCC) is a conic map projection used for aeronautical charts, portions of the State Plane Coordinate System, and many national and regional mapping systems. It is one of seven projections introduced by Johann Heinrich Lambert in his 1772 publication "Anmerkungen und Zusätze zur Entwerfung der Land- und Himmelscharten". 
Conceptually, the projection seats a cone over the sphere of the Earth and projects the surface conformally onto the cone. The cone is unrolled, and the parallels that was touching the sphere is assigned unit scale. That parallel is called the "reference parallel" or "standard parallel".
By scaling the resulting map, two parallels can be assigned unit scale, with scale decreasing between the two parallels and increasing outside them. This gives the map two standard parallels. In this way, deviation from unit scale can be minimized within a region of interest that lies largely between the two standard parallels. Unlike other conic projections, no true secant form of the projection exists because using a secant cone does not yield the same scale along both standard parallels.
Use.
Pilots use aeronautical charts based on LCC because a straight line drawn on a Lambert conformal conic projection approximates a great-circle route between endpoints for typical flight distances. The US systems of VFR (visual flight rules) sectional charts and terminal area charts are drafted on the LCC with standard parallels at 33°N and 45°N.
The European Environment Agency and the INSPIRE specification for coordinate systems recommends using this projection (also named ETRS89-LCC) for conformal pan-European mapping at scales smaller or equal to 1:500,000. In Metropolitan France, the official projection is Lambert-93, a Lambert conic projection using RGF93 geodetic system and defined by references parallels that are 44°N and 49°N.
The U.S. National Geodetic Survey's "State Plane Coordinate System of 1983" uses the Lambert conformal conic projection to define the grid-coordinate systems used in several states, primarily those that are elongated west to east such as Tennessee. The Lambert projection is relatively easy to use: conversions from geodetic (latitude/longitude) to State Plane Grid coordinates involve trigonometric equations that are fairly straightforward and which can be solved on most scientific calculators, especially programmable models. The projection as used in CCS83 yields maps in which scale errors are limited to 1 part in 10,000.
History.
The Lambert conformal conic is one of several map projection systems developed by Johann Heinrich Lambert, an 18th-century Swiss mathematician, physicist, philosopher, and astronomer.
Transformation.
Coordinates from a spherical datum can be transformed into Lambert conformal conic projection coordinates with the following formulas, where is the longitude, the reference longitude, the latitude, the reference latitude, and and the standard parallels:
where
Formulæ for ellipsoidal datums are more involved.

</doc>
