<doc id="2880435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880435" title="Get Out of My Room">
Get Out of My Room

Get Out of My Room is an album and short-form video featuring comedians Cheech & Chong, released in 1985. The album and video marked the last release by the longtime comedy duo, with Cheech leaving in 1986 in order to focus on his mainstream acting career. The opening track "Born In East L.A." and "I'm Not Home Right Now" were the only singles released for the album.
"Get Out of My Room" video.
The video was very different from the album. A 53 minute film, "Get Out of My Room", was a mockumentary in the style of "This Is Spinal Tap", written and directed by Cheech Marin. In the film, he and Tommy Chong are shown attempting to finish a "video album" for their novelty record "Get Out of My Room". In between fake interview segments and behind the scenes footage, we are shown music videos for the songs "Get Out of My Room", "I'm Not Home Right Now", "Love Is Strange", and "Born in East L.A.". In the video's story, the duo find themselves overworked and over-budget in an attempt to finish the four music videos featured in the film. The video also features lively cameos from Cassandra Peterson (Elvira, Mistress of the Dark), Beverly D'Angelo, John Paragon, Playboy Playmate Alana Soares and her sister Leilani Soares.
In the "Get Out of My Room" music video, Cheech plays Ian Rotten, the egotistic control-freak leader of a British punk rock group, and Chong plays 'The Man', an American guitarist who plays for the group. Both have been set up in a gym to record the music video for their song. Several basketball players show up, and play a game in the background, despite Rotten's complaints. The two begin to pretend to play the song (Ian lip-synching badly, and Man not even trying to synch up his actions with the recording). The special effects work poorly, Ian's costume looks ridiculous, and Man is too busy paying attention to the female gymnasts to even try and make the video look good.
The songs "Get Out of My Room" and "Born in East L.A." became novelty hits, and received regular airtime on MTV. "Born in East L.A." was later made into a film of the same name, a Cheech Marin solo effort that he wrote, directed and starred in.
"Get Out of My Room" was released on DVD in the United Kingdom, but not in the United States, where it is only available on VHS. The album remained unavailable on compact disc until it was finally re-released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2880454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880454" title="Shibusawa Eiichi">
Shibusawa Eiichi

He founded the first modern bank based on joint stock ownership in Japan. The bank was aptly named The First National Bank ("Dai Ichi Kokuritsu Ginkō", now merged into Mizuho Bank) and had the power to issue its own notes. Through this bank, he founded hundreds of other joint stock corporations in Japan. Many of these companies still survive to this day as quoted companies in the Tokyo Stock Exchange, which Shibusawa also founded. The Japanese Chamber of Commerce and Industry was founded by him as well. He was also involved in the foundation of many hospitals, schools, universities (including the first women's university), the Imperial Hotel in Tokyo and charitable organizations including the Japan Red Cross.
Another notable aspect of Shibusawa's career is that, despite being the founder of hundreds of corporations, he refused to maintain a controlling stake in these corporations, effectively preventing himself from forming a "zaibatsu". What is known as the "Shibusawa zaibatsu" was a holding company to look after his estate for his family. The "Shibusawa Zaibatsu" did not hold any controlling stake in any companies. Despite his lowly origin as a farmer, he was granted the title of Viscount, while all other "zaibatsu" founders were awarded the title of Baron. He was also awarded "Shōnii", Second Honour under the "ritsuryō" rank system, which is usually given to high ranking nobility and prime ministers.
Life.
Shibusawa was born on March 16, 1840 in a farmhouse in Chiaraijima (located in the present-day city of Fukaya, Saitama prefecture). As a boy, he learned reading and writing from his father. He grew up helping with the family business of dry field farming, indigo production and sale, and silk raising and later studied the Confucian classics and the history of Japan under Odaka Junchu, a scholar who was his cousin.
Under the influence of "sonnō jōi" (expel the barbarians; revere the emperor) sentiment, he formulated a plan along with cousins and friends to capture Takasaki Castle and set fires in the foreign settlement in Yokohama. Ultimately, however, this plan was canceled and he moved on to Kyoto.
Shibusawa left his hometown at the age of twenty-three, and entered the service of Hitotsubashi Yoshinobu (then in line for the position of shogun). He distinguished himself by his work in strengthening the household finances of the Hitotsubashi family.
When he was twenty-seven years old, he visited France and other European countries as a member of Tokugawa Akitake's Delegation to the Paris World Exposition. In this trip Shibusawa observed modern European societies and cultures for the first time, and realized the importance of industrial and economic development.
After returning from Europe at the news of the change of governments now known as the Meiji Restoration, he established the "Shōhō Kaishō", one of the first joint stock companies in Japan, in Shizuoka prefecture. Afterwards, he was invited by the Meiji government to become a member of the Ministry of Finance, where he became a driving force in the building of a modern Japan as head of the "Kaisei Kakari", or office of the Ministry of Finance in charge of reform.
In 1873 Shibusawa resigned from the Ministry of Finance and became the president of the "Dai-Ichi Kokuritsu Ginkō" (lit. "First National Bank"). This was Japan's first modern bank, established under his own guidance while still employed by the Ministry of Finance. With this bank as a base, Shibusawa devoted himself to founding and encouraging businesses of all sorts.
Shibusawa was an advocate throughout his life of the idea that good ethics and business should be in harmony. The number of enterprises in which he was involved as founder or supporter is said to exceed 500, and includes Mizuho Financial Group, The 77 Bank, Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Imperial Hotel, Tokyo Stock Exchange, Tokyo Gas, Toyobo, Keihan Electric Railway, Taiheiyo Cement, Oji Paper Company, Sapporo Breweries, and NYK Line. Moreover, he spearheaded many works for the betterment of society, and was an enthusiastic supporter of education, especially higher education in the field of business such as current Hitotsubashi University and current Tokyo Keizai University, higher education for women, and private schools. Shibusawa involved himself in some 600 projects related to education, social welfare, and others.
In addition, Shibusawa made efforts to promote exchange of goods and goodwill across national boundaries through private-sector diplomacy. Numerous guests from overseas visited the Shibusawa residence in Asukayama, where they talked candidly with him.
Having lived through a time of great change and having stood personally in the vanguard of change in a new era, Shibusawa died at the age of ninety-one on November 11, 1931.
In fiction.
Shibusawa, along with many other famous historical figures from the Meiji Restoration, is a supporting character in the historical fantasy novel "Teito Monogatari" by Aramata Hiroshi. In the 1988 adaptation, known in the west as "", he is portrayed by renowned Japanese actor Katsu Shintarō. In the animated adaptation, he is voiced by Osamu Saka.

</doc>
<doc id="2880457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880457" title="Oldřišov">
Oldřišov

Oldřišov (, ) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 1,300 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2880459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880459" title="Gary Brent">
Gary Brent

Gary Bazil Brent (born 13 January 1976) is a Zimbabwean cricketer.
Generally speaking, he is an inswinging bowler, with a good slow-arm bowling technique. Though his Test batting average lies at a mere 5.83 runs, he is sometimes used further up the order than his average suggests, to utilise some of the power his batting possesses in the hope of tiring the opposition with his swift shots and quick runs. His bowling average, however, often hovers around the low-30s, though it can at times fluctuate greatly.
Having missed the cut for the World Cup in 2003, he made the squad for the 2003/04 tour in Australia. Brent was one of the fifteen "rebel" players who were dismissed in 2004 due to a dispute with the Zimbabwean cricket board.
Gary Brent was a surprise call-up during the ICC Champions Trophy (2006), replacing the injured Terrence Duffin. He played just the one match, but proved useful, taking 1/28 from 7 overs, and adding 10 with the bat, which was not a bad effort considering the Zimbabwean total of 130.
In the first ODI against South Africa, he equal top scored with a defiant 59 after his team was reduced to 72–7. He won the man of the match award, after a good bowling performance as well.
He has been selected for the tour to Bangladesh, starting in late November 2007.
He is now coaching cricket at the york cricket academy in York.
External links.
Having spent two seasons as cricket professional at Rugby School in Warwickshire, he returned to native Zimbabwe in September 2010 to take up a coaching job for one of the country's regional youth sides.

</doc>
<doc id="2880466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880466" title="Favomancy">
Favomancy

Favomancy is a form of divination that involves throwing beans on the ground and interpreting the patterns into which the beans fall; it is therefore a type of cleromancy. Various forms of favomancy are present across the world's cultures. The term comes from the Latin "faba" for "bean" and formed by analogy with the names of similar divination methods such as alectromancy. 
Favomancy used to be practised by seers in Russia, in particular, among the Ubykh. Russian methods of favomancy may still exist after the departure of the Ubykhs from the Caucasus in 1864, but the details are now lost of exactly how Ubykh soothsayers interpreted the patterns formed by the beans. The Ubykh term for a favomancer simply means "bean-thrower", and it later became a synonym for all soothsayers and seers in general in that language.
In Muslim traditions of Bosnia and Herzegovina, favomancy is called "bacanje graha" 'bean-throwing' or "falanje" (from Persian "fal" 'to bode'). The fortune-teller places 41 white beans onto a flat surface, dividing them into smaller groups using a complex set of rules. The resulting number of beans in each group is then interpreted as a favorable or unfavorable sign for the different aspects of life represented by each of the groups.
Both Russian and Bosnian methods are remarkably similar, and likely share a common origin. Since the method is not present in the West, it is possible that the origin might be in the Middle East. A similar method exists in Iran, involving fifty-three peas.

</doc>
<doc id="2880468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880468" title="Syd Shores">
Syd Shores

Sydney Shores (September 4, 1913 – June 3, 1973) was an American comic book artist known for his work on Captain America both during the 1940s, in what fans and historians call the Golden Age of comic books, and during the 1960s Silver Age of comic books.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Syd Shores began drawing in childhood, fascinated by the comic-strip art of Alex Raymond's "Flash Gordon" and Hal Foster's "Prince Valiant". He went to graduate from Brooklyn's Pratt Institute, where he had met his wife-to-be, Selma. After working seven years at his uncle's whiskey bottling plant until it closed in 1940, he became an assistant at the studio of Selma's cousin, the quirkily named Harry "A" Chesler, working under comics artists Mac Raboy and Phil Sturm. "For months I was just a joe-boy, watching and learning and helping wherever I could. I studied Mac Raboy for hours on end — he was slow and meticulous about everything, doing maybe only a single panel of artwork a day, but it was truly beautiful work. After four months I tried my own hand at work, doing a seven-page piece called 'The Terror'. I was proud of it then, of course, but in looking back it really "was" a terror!"
"The Terror" still held enough promise that it saw print in "Mystic Comics" #5 (March 1941) from Timely Comics, the 1940s precursor of Marvel Comics, and went on to make other appearances. Timely editor Joe Simon hired Shores as the fledgling company's third employee.
Golden Age of comics.
Shores initially worked as an inker, embellishing some of the earliest pencil work of industry legend Jack Kirby, including the covers of the Simon & Kirby-created "Captain America Comics" #5, 7 and 9 in 1941. After the Simon & Kirby team moved on following "Captain America Comics" #10 (Jan. 1942), Shores and Al Avison became regular pencilers of the hit title, with one generally inking over the other, both working with writer Stan Lee. At that point, Shores received a promotion, he recalled in 1973: "When Simon and Kirby left in 1942 Stan did all the writing and was given the position of editorial director, while I was the art director, although I got called 'associate editor' in the books that were put out around then." Shores took over as regular penciller on "Captain America Comics", inked by Vince Alascia, while Avison did his World War II military service. "For the time that I worked on staff for Marvel from 1940 to 1948, I worked in close association with Vince Alascia, who did practically all the inking on my pencils," Shores said in 1970. "He was used to my style and worked very well with it."
Shores also inked two of Kirby's Golden Age Vision stories, in "Marvel Mystery Comics" #21-22 (July-Aug. 1941); and the cover and splash page of "Young Allies" #1 (July 1941). Shores said, "Jack Kirby influenced my sense of dramatics. Jack Kirby influences everybody in comics, though: Before I got really started in the field it was Alex Raymond and Hal Foster, they were my gods back then, but Kirby was the most immediate influence." Shores penciled stories of the Vision and the Patriot in "Marvel Mystery Comics", Major Liberty in "U.S.A. Comics", and the Captain America portions of the All-Winners Squad stories in the (unhyphenated) "All Winners Comics" #19 and 21 (Fall and Winter 1946; there was no issue #20).
Shores was inducted into the U.S. Army in early 1944, seeing action as part of General Patton's Third Army in France and Germany, and receiving a Purple Heart for being wounded in France on 16 December 1944. After four months at a convalescent hospital in Warwick, England, he was reassigned to an engineering outfit and became part of the occupation forces in Germany. He recalled in 1970 that "after Al left, I started pencilling [Captain America stories from then on until the Army decided it could use my services to help win World War II. It seemed they needed a lot of men for the infantry at the time. I was called up, and so my artistic eye was used to qualify me as an expert marksman in an infantry regiment. Curiously it was the same regiment that Jack Kirby was in. We never saw each other in combat, and only recently did we find that we were in the same outfit!" 
Comic-book artist Gene Colan recalled in 1999,
Post-war career.
After his military discharge in January 1946, Shores returned to Timely as art director. Future Comic Book Hall of Famer Gene Colan, a Marvel mainstay from 1946 on, described Shores during this time as "a very quiet man. He would come in with a kind of very slow walk, with a cup of morning coffee in one of these spiral cups and a cigarette in the other. Big smoker. He would say hello to everybody very quietly, and sit down. He'd been in the war in Germany, and sometimes I'd try to feel him out about it. He never wanted to talk about it. Very quiet fellow, but a sweet, sweet guy, and very helpful; very unassuming".
At postwar Timely and at the company's 1950s successor, Atlas Comics, Shores was among the artists on the company's superhero stars the Human Torch and the Sub-Mariner, the Western titles "The Black Rider" and "Kid Colt, Outlaw", the jungle series "Jann of the Jungle" and "Jungle Action", the war comics "Battle Action" and "Battle Brady", and many others including "Blonde Phantom".
Going freelance in 1948, when virtually all of Timely's staff positions were eliminated, Shores drew for Atlas, Avon, and Orbit Publications. With Mort Lawrence, who succeeded Bill Everett on "The Sub-Mariner", and Norman Steinberg, another Atlas artist, Shores co-founded a comic-art studio in 1952, first in Hempstead, Long Island, and later in nearby Freeport. But with Steinberg's death in the mid-1950s and Lawrence's decision to leave the field, Shores returned to individual freelancing, adding magazine illustration to his repertoire. He said in a 1970 interview that, "In 1957, there was a recession in the comic book industry and I was forced to look elsewhere for work. I entered the magazine illustration field. I did illustrations for the men's adventure-type magazines until 1967. After things picked up again in the comic field I hastened back again to my first love, comics!" His men's-adventure work includes the cover of publisher Martin Goodman's "Escape to Sdventure" Sept. 1964' "All Man" May 1964 (reprinted as cover of "Man's Adventure" May 1967) and September 1965; and "Man's Prime" August 1966.
Silver Age of Comics.
In the 1960s, Shores found a new audience at Marvel Comics, where he again inked Jack Kirby on Captain America when the character once more received a full-length title. Shores inked the premiere issue, "Captain America" #100 (April 1968), continuing the numbering from "Tales of Suspense"), inking Kirby on seven of the first 10. He also inked a run of Gene Colan's "Daredevil", among other Colan work, and inked both Dick Ayers and Don Heck on the World War II war comics title "Captain Savage and His Leatherneck Raiders" (later titled "Capt. Savage and His Battlefield Raiders"), among other work.
In a rare return to penciling at Marvel, Shores drew and self-inked five anthological horror stories from 1969 to 1971 in "Chamber of Darkness", "Tower of Shadows", "Creatures on the Loose" and "Monsters on the Prowl", as well as Gerry Conway's adaptation of Harlan Ellison's "Delusions for a Dragon Slayer" in "Chamber of Chills" #1 (Nov. 1972). Additionally, Shores penciled and occasionally self-inked several Western stories, including the premiere of the feature "Tales of Fort Rango" in "Western Gunfighters" #1 (Aug. 1970); "The Gunhawks" #1-2 & 4-5 (Oct.-Dec.1972, April–June 1973); and the Native American hero Red Wolf in "Marvel Spotlight" #1 (Nov.1971) and "Red Wolf" #1-8 (May 1972 - July 1973). Shores also penciled the Skywald Publications Western "The Bravados" #1 (Aug. 1971).
He likewise penciled a handful of black-and-white horror-comics magazine stories, such as "Blood Thirst!" in Major Publications' "Web Of Horror" #1 (Dec. 1969) and "Strangers!" in #3 (April 1970); and for Warren Publishing, "Army of the Walking Dead" in Creepy #35 (Sept. 1970) and "King Keller" in #37 (Jan. 1971).
Later life and death.
Despite this seeming steady stream of work, fellow Golden Age and Silver Age artist Joe Giella recalled that, "Syd later became a taxi cab driver; that was so sad. I happened to see him while I was on jury duty back in the early '70s, and he told me he was driving a cab because he couldn't find work".
Some of Shores' last comics work was inking Tom Sutton and Jim Mooney on, respectively Marvel's "Ghost Rider" #1-2 (Sept.-Oct. 1973). A trouper to the end, he finished penciling two-thirds of the eight-page story "Voodoo War" for Marvel's black-and-white horror-comics magazine "Tales of the Zombie" #5 (May 1974) before dying of a heart seizure at age 59. Dick Ayers penciled the remainder of writer Tony Isabella's anthological horror tale. He was survived by his wife and their two daughters.
Legacy.
The survey "The 20 Greatest Inkers of American Comic Books" placed Shores at #11, saying he ""evidenced a unique and singular inking style, one perhaps only vaguely approximated by the great Bill Everett. Both had bold but rough-hewn lines and illustrative, photorealistic brushwork which gave the pages a beautiful, organic look. . . ."

</doc>
<doc id="2880474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880474" title="Služovice">
Služovice

Služovice () is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of micro-region Hlučínsko. It has around 800 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2880482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880482" title="Masenqo">
Masenqo

The masenqo (also spelled masenko, mesenqo, mesenko, masinko, or masinqo) is a single-stringed bowed lute commonly found in the musical traditions of Ethiopia and Eritrea. As with the "krar", this instrument is used by Ethiopian minstrels called "azmaris" ("singer" in Amharic)
. Although it functions in a purely accompaniment capacity in songs, the masenqo requires considerable virtuosity, as azmaris accompany themselves while singing.
Construction and design.
The square- or diamond-shaped resonator is made of four small wooden boards glued together, then covered with a stretched parchment or rawhide. The single string is typically made of horse hair, and passes over a bridge. The instrument is tuned by means of a large tuning peg to fit the range of the singer's voice. It may be bowed by either the right or left hand, and the non-bow hand sits lightly on top of the upper part of the string.

</doc>
<doc id="2880488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880488" title="Claude Crépeau">
Claude Crépeau

Dr. Claude Crépeau is a professor in the School of Computer Science at McGill University. Ηe was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, in 1962. He received a Masters degree from the Université de Montréal in 1986, and obtained his Ph.D. in Computer Science from MIT in 1990, working in the field of cryptography with Prof. Silvio Micali as his Ph.D. advisor and Gilles Brassard as his M.Sc advisor. He spent two years as a Postdoctoral
Fellow at Université d'Orsay, and was a CNRS researcher at École Normale Supérieure from 1992 to 1995. He was appointed associate professor at Université de Montréal in 1995,
and has been a faculty member at McGill University since 1998. He is a member of the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research 
program on Quantum Information Processing.
Prof. Crépeau is best known for his fundamental work in zero-knowledge proof, multi-party computing, quantum cryptography, and quantum teleportation.
In 1993, together with Charles H. Bennett, Gilles Brassard, Richard Jozsa, Asher Peres, and William Wootters, Prof. Crépeau invented quantum teleportation.
Prof. Crépeau has an Erdős number of 2, having co-authored a paper with Carl Pomerance.

</doc>
<doc id="2880492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880492" title="Isotropic coordinates">
Isotropic coordinates

In the theory of Lorentzian manifolds, spherically symmetric spacetimes admit a family of "nested round spheres". There are several different types of coordinate chart which are "adapted" to this family of nested spheres; the best known is the Schwarzschild chart, but the isotropic chart is also often useful.
The defining characteristic of an isotropic chart is that its radial coordinate (which is different from the radial coordinate of a Schwarschild chart) is defined so that light cones appear "round". This means that (except in the trivial case of a locally flat manifold), the angular isotropic coordinates do not faithfully represent distances within the nested spheres, nor does the radial coordinate faithfully represent radial distances. On the other hand, angles in the constant time hyperslices are represented without distortion, hence the name of the chart.
Isotropic charts are most often applied to static spherically symmetric spacetimes in metric theories of gravitation such as general relativity, but they can also be used in modeling a spherically pulsating fluid ball, for example. For isolated spherically symmetric solutions of the Einstein field equation, at large distances, the isotropic and Schwarzschild charts become increasingly similar to the usual polar spherical chart on Minkowski spacetime.
Definition.
In an isotropic chart (on a static spherically symmetric spacetime), the line element takes the form
Depending on context, it may be appropriate to regard f,g as undetermined functions of the radial coordinate (for example, in deriving an exact static spherically symmetric solution of the Einstein field equation). Alternatively, we can plug in specific functions (possibly depending on some parameters) to obtain an isotropic coordinate chart on a specific Lorentzian spacetime.
Killing vector fields.
The Lie algebra of Killing vector fields of a spherically symmetric static spacetime takes the same form in the isotropic chart as in the Schwarzschild chart. Namely, this algebra is generated by the timelike "irrotational" Killing vector field
and three spacelike Killing vector fields
Here, saying that formula_5 is irrotational means that the vorticity tensor of the corresponding timelike congruence vanishes; thus, this Killing vector field is hypersurface orthogonal. The fact that the spacetime admits an irrotational timelike Killing vector field is in fact the defining characteristic of a static spacetime. One immediate consequence is that the "constant time coordinate surfaces" formula_6 form a family of (isometric) "spatial hyperslices" (spacelike hypersurfaces).
Unlike the Schwarzschild chart, the isotropic chart is not well suited for constructing embedding diagrams of these hyperslices.
A family of static nested spheres.
The surfaces formula_7 appear as round spheres (when we plot loci in polar spherical fashion), and from the form of the line element, we see that the metric restricted to any of these surfaces is
That is, these "nested coordinate spheres" do in fact represent geometric spheres, but the appearance of formula_9 rather than formula_10 shows that the radial coordinate does not correspond to area in the same way as for spheres in ordinary euclidean space. Compare Schwarschild coordinates, where the radial coordinate does have its natural interpretation in terms of the nested spheres. 
Coordinate singularities.
The loci formula_11 mark the boundaries of the isotropic chart, and just as in the Schwarschild chart, we tacitly assume that these two loci are identified, so that our putative round spheres are indeed topological spheres. 
Just as for the Schwarschild chart, the range of the radial coordinate may be limited if the metric or its inverse blows up for some value(s) of his coordinate.
A metric Ansatz.
The line element given above, with f,g, regarded as undetermined functions of the isotropic coordinate r, is often used as a metric Ansatz in deriving static spherically symmetric solutions in general relativity (or other metric theories of gravitation).
As an illustration, we will sketch how to compute the connection and curvature using Cartan's exterior calculus method. First, we read off the line element a coframe field,
where we regard f,g as undetermined smooth functions of r. (The fact that our spacetime admits a frame having this particular trigonometric form is yet another equivalent expression of the notion of an isotropic chart in a static, spherically symmetric Lorentzian manifold). Taking the exterior derivatives and using the first Cartan structural equation, we find the nonvanishing "connection one-forms"
Taking exterior derivatives again and plugging into the second Cartan structural equation, we find the "curvature two-forms".

</doc>
<doc id="2880503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880503" title="AFFS">
AFFS

AFFS may be:

</doc>
<doc id="2880512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880512" title="Afghanistan Scout Association">
Afghanistan Scout Association

The Afghanistan Scout Association ( "Da Afghānistan Sārandoy Tolena", usually shortened to "Zarandoi") was officially founded in 1931 in Afghanistan by a royal decree. The site of Robert Baden-Powell's second posting in 1880, Afghanistan was a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1932 until the Afghan government dissolved the Scout Association in 1947. Afghan Scouting was formed again from 1964 to 1978 and recognized by the World Organization of the Scout Movement.
History.
The organization was established during the reign of Mohammed Nadir Shah, with approximately 300 members. In 1947 the organization was forbidden by the government, which had accused the Scouts of being fire worshipers, as during a camp they had made music and sung around a campfire.
Scouting was reestablished in 1956, rebuilt in the context of the democratization efforts of Mohammed Zahir Shah, who had just become ruler in his own right after thirty years of ceding power to his paternal uncles, Sardar Mohammad Hashim Khan and Sardar Shah Mahmud Khan. 
The organization, named "Da Afğānistān Zaranduy Tolanah" (DAZT), was readmitted to the World Scout Conference on June 1, 1964, counting a membership of between 2,000 and 7,000 Scouts, both boys and girls and adult leaders. 
The viewpoints of king Zahir Shah at that time were practiced by the organization. The administrators added further obligations to the general principles of the Scout movement, obligation to king, nation and country. Discipline and obligation were welcome educational goals for governing, and Scouting was organized very tautly and almost militarily compared with other nations. The government used this organization for the stability of the state; however the organization made a large contribution to youth work in Afghanistan, above all that of responsibility, self-reliance, sense of community and equal rights, as well as behavior toward girls and women.
The Federal Republic of Germany provided the uniforms for the Afghan Scout Association. Dr. Eberhard Krüger and Mrs. Rosemarie Jungermann came from Germany in order to train Afghan Scout instructors further.
The organization was attached by national authority to the Ministry of Education, under Minister of Education Dr. Omar Wardak and Dr. Ali Ahmad Popal, deputy Minister of Education. A school for the training of Scout group leaders was created in its office.
Starting in 1959, women played a large role within the structure of the organization. In the celebrations and independence ceremonies in the 1960s and 1970s, Afghan Scouts of both genders participated with the structure and the organization of cultural events. Mermon Parwin supported the organization, sang Scout songs and appeared several times in the pavilion of the Scout organization.
In 1961 a group of Scouts took part in the 11th World Scout Jamboree at Marathon, Greece, held concurrently with the 1963 19th World Scout Conference in Rhodes, Greece. Dr. Said Habib, a deputy president of the Afghan Scout Association, supported the establishment of musician Scout groups.
On January 6, 1964 the organization participated in the 4th Asia-Pacific Scout Conference in Malaysia and received the membership document of re-admittance to the World Scout Conference.
The youth and woman's work as well as the music, sport and play of Scouting constantly increased in the years from 1964 to 1973. The association, which now had local groups in different parts of the country, created further musician Scout groups, organized camps and accomplished other leisure and educational measures, in which children and young people learned handicrafts, painting and singing. However, most activities of the association were limited to Kabul.
With the 1973 overthrow by pro-Soviet Mohammed Daoud Khan, the Scout association became part of the Ministry of the Interior, took over police tasks and became a part of the Afghan police. Scouting went downhill, as during the years of unrest and war, approximately ten million left the country and looked for refuge abroad. At the beginning of the unrest, the privileged social classes left the country, so that such organizations could not exist anymore in the countryside.
The communist government banned the Afghanistan Scout Association in 1978, at that date with 11,212 members. By 1981, DAZT was no longer recognized by the 28th World Scout Conference, because of domestic disturbances that deprived Afghanistan of the democratic environment necessary for Scouting to continue. 
Until the Soviet invasion, there were American Boy Scouts in Kabul, serving in Boy Scout Troop 1, linked to the Direct Service branch of the Boy Scouts of America, which supports units around the world.
Revival.
Several times in the 1990s, and again in 2002, political and social changes in Afghanistan opened opportunities for the rebirth of Scouting in Afghanistan. In early 2002, the Interim Administration of Afghanistan Ministry of Foreign Affairs requested embassies of selected countries to assist in reviving Scouting in Afghanistan, and groups began to emerge, led by adults who had been involved with the program prior to 1978. 
The new organization is Da Afğānistān Sarandoy Tolanah, the Afghanistan Scout Association (ASA). It formed in 2003 and is working toward WOSM recognition. Work on the ASA Constitution continues in Dari, Pashto and English and it is hoped it will be sent to Parliament for approval in late 2008 or early 2009. 
Scouting falls under the Sports and Scouting branch of the Ministry of Education and occupies space in a sub-office near the Kabul Stadium. A branch reorganization took place in July 2008 and reduced the number of employees to 25 in six sections: National Secretariat, Budget, International Relations, Training and Youth, Programs & Plans and the band (although there is still much discussion about who will manage this last section). The national office tracks about 34,000 Scouts countrywide, all within groups under Ministry of Education auspices. A troop sponsored by American Scouters operated for a time at Bagram Air Base north of Kabul but had no connection with ASA.
Afghanistan Scouting falls under the auspices of Asia-Pacific Region (APR) headquartered in Manila. The APR office supplies ASA with advice, some training funding and adult trainers. Even more, it helps coordinate South Asia Foundation efforts to send Scouts to international events and June 2004 saw the first Afghan Scouts leave the country in 25 years. They traveled overland to participate in the Pakistan National Jamboree. Later in the year three female Scouts traveled to Korea. 2005 saw Afghans in Nepal, 2006 in Sri Lanka and Korea, 2007 in Pakistan and Japan and this year it is anticipated 12 male and female Scouts will travel to Bangladesh. ASA also receives periodic support from international scouters.
Adult Scout leaders for all sections are usually schoolteachers, but others volunteers may join, subject to the approval of the Ministry of Education. All Scouts work in the schools, acting as hall monitors, crossing guards and honor guard for school visitors. Some groups are beginning to work outside the school as well, making public announcements in the bazaar, cleaning mosques, helping firefighters, performing first aid and helping injured people get to hospital. The Afghan Scout program is focused more on civic duty rather than as a pastime. 
Currently the Afghan Scout Association is for boys and girls, men and women, and offers Cubs (ages 8 to 12), Scouts (ages 12 to 18) and Rovers (ages 19 to 25). Cubs, Scouts and Rovers all wear their uniforms to school or university, as that is where they perform most of their duties. Although Afghanistan does have a Guiding organization (possibly coeducational, or in a separated body), work towards World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts membership recognition remains unclear. 
Uniform standardization is difficult due to difficulties in countrywide communication. Scouts have to make or buy their own uniforms although in Kabul some of the Ministry's budget is allocated to uniform manufacture. If one is not assigned a uniform the only remaining option is to visit the tailor. The national uniform is tan-colored. Boys wear a shirt and pants, girls wear a long shirt and baggy pants. For headwear, boys wear navy blue berets. Girls generally wear a headscarf chador sometimes with a beret. The neckerchief is blue with a yellow border. A leather Scout belt with a brass belt buckle completes the uniform. The total cost for these items is about 1800 Afghanis, or 36 US dollars; a huge sum when one considers $10 a good daily wage in Afghanistan. Although scouts may perform odd jobs to earn the money a few Afghanis at a time, in some areas uniforms are simply unaffordable. In these places troops substitute dress shirt and appropriate trousers or visit the bazaar to buy a paramilitary-style shirt and pants.
War left Afghanistan with a broken communication system, so word has been slow to spread between the national headquarters and troops. There are very few computers, limited Internet access and insufficient mobile telephone coverage. Scouts have to be counted during visits to the regions. New policies from Kabul are difficult to spread. 
The Scout Motto is "Tayar Osay", translating as "Be Prepared" in Pashto.
Afghan Scouting abroad.
In Germany there is a Scout Fellowship founded by Scouts and Guides from Afghanistan, named "De Afghanistan Zarandoi Tolana-Afghanische Pfadfinder Organisation" (Afghan Scout Association) and affiliated to the "Verband Deutscher Altpfadfindergilden e.V." (Fellowship of German Former Scout Guilds), a member of the International Scout and Guide Fellowship. The Chairman of this Scout fellowship, headquartered in Lingen, is Dr. Said Habib, former vice president of the Afghan Scout Association.

</doc>
<doc id="2880526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880526" title="Stuart Williams (cricketer)">
Stuart Williams (cricketer)

Stuart Clayton Williams (born August 12, 1969) is a West Indian cricketer. One of the opening batsmen tried after the retirement of Gordan Greenidge and Desmond Haynes, Williams was an elegant batsman who never made the number of runs expected of him at the highest level. He scored one test century and four half centuries in a career which spanned 8 years from 1994 until 2002. Prolific at First Class level he was a joy to watch but his innings in test cricket were all too brief despite flashes of brilliant strokeplay. Lacking the technical gifts to bat for long periods, his test career came to an end in 2002.
While playing first class cricket in the West Indies domestic competition he fractured a figure which later became infected and had to be amputated. He returned to First Class cricket the following year (2005) and topped his team's batting average with 339 runs at 54.83. This was his final season and he subsequently retired .

</doc>
<doc id="2880529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880529" title="The White Bone">
The White Bone

The White Bone is a Canadian novel written by Barbara Gowdy and published by HarperCollins in 1999. It was nominated for the Scotiabank Giller Prize in 1998. Sometimes compared to Richard Adams's "Watership Down", it is an adult fantasy story about animals—in this case, African elephants—in a realistic natural setting but given the ability to speak to one another throughout the book. Subsequently, the elephants are given anthropomorphized personalities and have created their own religion, folklore, and customs, all based on the author's research on elephant behavior.
The novel includes a map of the section of African landscape that the story occurs in, as well as several family trees of the elephant characters and a glossary of terms used in elephant speech (unlike in "Watership Down", the characters do not speak their own language, but use certain words to define objects not found in their language, such as "big grass" for bamboo and "delirium" for estrus).
Plot.
The novel is told entirely from the points of view of its elephant characters. Much like real elephants, all female elephants (cows) and prepubescent males (bulls) live in matrilineal family groups, and mature male elephants are loners. The main characters in the novel are mostly from the "She-S" family, into which Mud, a young cow who is pregnant with her first calf, has been adopted. Mud is blessed with visionary powers and can occasionally see into the future. Thrown into a drought, with human poachers becoming increasingly common, Mud and her family must find the legendary "Safe Place" where drought and poachers do not come. The "White Bone," a rib of a newborn elephant, is rumored to be lying somewhere in the savannah and is said to point in the direction of the Safe Place. After a slaughter which leaves most of Mud's adoptive family dead and her best friend, Date Bed, missing, Mud and the remaining She-S elephants set off to find the White Bone and Date Bed. 
The novel is rather nihilistic, as it is unlikely that any of the characters ever reach the Safe Place, with a few possible exceptions. Hence, it is considered a powerful social commentary on the plight of endangered animals, showing their situation to be somewhat hopeless. Another main theme of the novel is the importance of family ties, and the fact that Mud, as an adopted member of the She-S family, feels alienated from the other elephants throughout.
Another theme of the novel acknowledges the old saying, "An elephant never forgets." The novel implies that elephants will eventually go senile, but as most are killed before their prime, the saying is usually true. The elephants are capable of remembering every minute detail of their lives, unlike humans, who tend to remember important events most strongly.
Characters.
Mud (She-Spurns)
A young female elephant. Mud was abandoned by her birth family, the She-M's, as an infant, and was taken in by a somewhat reluctant She-S family. Although she is able to have visions of future events, and current events taking place elsewhere, she is rather sullen and antisocial and is only readily accepted by several members of the She-S's. Recently impregnated for the first time, Mud is shown trying to come to terms with her pregnancy in the middle of a drought and her feelings of alienation in her adoptive family throughout. As the story progresses, she finds herself needing to become hard-hearted and willing to make sacrifices as she becomes more and more concerned with finding the Safe Place, while her companions remain focused on finding a missing elephant, Date Bed, and lose willpower, becoming emaciated and hopeless. Her emotional abandonment of Date Bed is one of the turning points in the novel. 
Date Bed
A young female elephant. Date Bed is Mud's best friend and a member of the She-S family. She is the family's "mind talker," and is able to read the minds of not only elephants but of animals of other species. She is pleasant, eloquent, and soft-spoken, and aware of the fact that she loves a male elephant, Tall Time, in a way that is unnatural for her species; however, she is sexually immature and has never mated. When she becomes separated from her family during a slaughter, she spends much of the book trying to find them again, as well as the White Bone. 
Tall Time
A male elephant. Tall Time is a tall and lanky loner elephant who mentally collects and categorises all known omens and superstitions. He goes off on his own to find the Lost Ones, a troupe of Forest elephants, in order to gain information from them on omens and the White Bone. He is the father of Mud's baby, and loves Mud to an unnatural extent, wanting to start a herd with her although this custom is unheard of amongst elephants.
She-Snorts
A female elephant. She-Snorts is an alluring, droll, sensual elephant, with the most powerful sense of smell in the family, and the mother of Date Bed. Not used to being given responsibilities, she finds herself the matriarch of her family herd after all of her older family members are killed in a slaughter. As the novel progresses, she becomes more grave and severe, and more single-mindedly focused on finding her daughter. Pregnant with another calf, she bargains with Me-Me the cheetah to show them the way to the Safe Place in exchange for the calf she will soon give birth to; this becomes an important plot element of the book.
She-Soothes
A female elephant. She-Soothes is a physically tough but kind-hearted elephant, and as the nurse cow of the family, she is an effective healer. Although optimistic, she is not sentimental and uses the phrase, "What's done is done!" after any tragedy. This phrase becomes a way for herself and Mud to ward off grief as the story progresses. She is the mother of the partially crippled infant, Bent, and is fiercely protective of him. She likes the sound of her name so much that she refers to herself in the third person. 
She-Screams
A female elephant. She-Screams is a repulsive elephant, both in looks and in personality, and the main cause of tension in her family. She is banished from the family by She-Snorts for suggesting that Date Bed is dead and strongly hates Mud, but tries to gain acceptance after claiming to have inherited the wisdom from a family of slaughtered elephants she encountered while banished. Although she is highly unpleasant, Mud cannot help feeling some kinship for She-Screams, because both are out-of-place in the She-S family.
Torrent
An old male elephant. Torrent is the wisest and most knowledgeable and proud elephant in the novel, and is a friend of Tall Time's. He is known for being very soulful and valiant, although he starts to become senile from his old age. 
Me-Me
A female cheetah with a taste for baby elephant. Me-Me cannot communicate with the She-S's through words, so through body language she establishes that she can show the elephants where the Safe Place is, in exchange for She-Snorts's and Mud's unborn calves. 
Bent
A baby male elephant, and the son of She-Soothes. Bent is the innocent voice of the group, but he is slightly crippled and becomes a liability as the story progresses, although he is fiercely defended by his family. 
Hail Stones
A young male elephant, and the last surviving member of the She-D family, Hail Stones joins Mud and her companions on their search for the White Bone and Date Bed. He acts somewhat like Date Bed or a young Torrent, as he speaks eloquently and tries to comfort the She-S family even after the death of his entire family, without complaint. Mud finds herself drawn to him. 
Swamp
A young male elephant. He is rather antisocial and sardonic, but is surprisingly motivated to help Hail Stones after the two become friends. However, he shows little attachment to the rest of his family, especially his mother, She-Screams. 
She-Scares
A female elephant, and Mud's adoptive mother. She is one of the few elephants of the She-S family who accepts Mud.
The Lost Ones
A family of elephants, also known as the We-F's, who are Forest elephants. They are self-centered, and all possess visionary capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="2880530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880530" title="Taipei American School student organizations">
Taipei American School student organizations

Taipei American School Student Organizations contains a list of student organizations at Taipei American School.

</doc>
<doc id="2880535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880535" title="Blastema">
Blastema

A blastema is a mass of cells capable of growth and regeneration into organs or body parts. Historically, blastemas were thought to be composed of undifferentiated pluripotent cells, but recent research indicates that in some organisms blastemas may retain memory of tissue origin. Blastemas are typically found in the early stages of an organism's development such as in embryos, and in the regeneration of tissues, organs and bone.
Some amphibians and certain species of fish can produce blastemas as adults. For example, salamanders can regenerate many organs after their amputation, including their limbs, tail, retina and intestine. Most animals, however, cannot produce blastemas.
Limb Regeneration.
When the limb of the salamander is cut off, a layer of epidermis covers the surface of the amputation site. In the first few days after the injury, this wounded epidermis transforms into a layer of signaling cells called the Apical Epithelial Cap (AEC), which has a vital role in regeneration. In the meantime, fibroblasts from the connective tissue migrate across the amputation surface to meet at the center of the wound. These fibroblasts multiply to form a blastema, the progenitor for a new limb.

</doc>
<doc id="2880538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880538" title="Mary Walker">
Mary Walker

Mary Walker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2880545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880545" title="Alta Rockefeller Prentice">
Alta Rockefeller Prentice

Alta Rockefeller Prentice (April 12, 1871 — June 21, 1962) was an American philanthropist and socialite. She was the third daughter of philanthropists John Davison Rockefeller (1839—1937) and Laura Celestia "Cettie" Spelman (1839—1915). Alta married attorney Ezra Parmalee Prentice (July 29, 1863 — 1955), son of Sartell Prentice and Jemima Parmalee, in 1901. Alta and Ezra had three children: John Rockefeller Prentice (1902—1972), Mary Adeline Prentice (1907—1981), and Spelman Prentice (1911—2000).
She founded Alta House (c. 1900), a settlement house in Little Italy in Cleveland, Ohio, which is named in her honor.
In 1910, Alta and Ezra bought 1,400 acres (5.7 km²) of land near Williamstown, Massachusetts. Elm Tree House, the Prentices' 72-room summer home on Mount Hope Farm, was completed in 1928. In the 1930s and 1940s, several geneticists were employed by Ezra to develop more profitable farm animals, particularly cattle and poultry. At that time, Mount Hope Farm was one of the most outstanding experimental farms in the United States. 
Alta died in June 1962 at the age of 91. Her property was willed to New York's Lenox Hill Hospital. Shortly thereafter, Elm Tree House was purchased by its current owner, Williams College. 

</doc>
<doc id="2880558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880558" title="The Devil in Brisbane">
The Devil in Brisbane

The Devil in Brisbane is a 2005 speculative fiction anthology edited by Zoran Živković and Geoff Maloney. The project was born out of a masterclass held by the editor at the 2004 Brisbane Writers Festival. The theme of the anthology is a meeting between a writer and the devil, set in Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="2880563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880563" title="J. L. Odea">
J. L. Odea

J.L. Odea (born 1884) was a male doubles tennis player.
Odea was the men's doubles champion runner-up at the inaugural Australasian Championships in 1910 with Rodney Heath.

</doc>
<doc id="2880570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880570" title="Grey (manga)">
Grey (manga)

Grey is a Japanese science fiction manga created by Yoshihisa Tagami that was published in the 1980s. 
It was also turned into an anime under the title "Grey: Digital Target".
Setting.
The world is covered in wastelands that are dotted with numbered "Towns." All Towns are supervised by computers called "Little Mamas" (nodes connected to the world governing super-computer called "Big Mama"); the underprivileged live in the slums and are referred to as "People." One can only become one of the privileged "Citizens" by joining the army and fighting the other Towns' forces, as the Towns are continually at war with one another. Combatants earn 50 credits per mission, plus 30 credits for every enemy killed. Once the total reaches 1000, the fighter's class is increased by one category (starting at F, then going to E, D, C, B and making one's way up to A). The A class guarantees a transfer to the idyllic, legendary "City."
Citizens have numerous advantages over People: in addition to getting out of the ghetto, they do not worry about being beaten up, raped or otherwise victimized. It's this advantage that leads Grey's lover, a girl known as "Lips," to become a Citizen. Her death leads Grey to join the army as well and follow her dream of getting to the City by sheer force of will. Grey soon earns the nickname "Grey Death" for his tenacity on the battlefield and ability to survive when the rest of his comrades are killed. He only accepts orders that keep him alive, and will not kill the resistance fighters that fight against the Town system because they are not worth any points. Sullen and cocky, Grey exists only to survive and kill, in that order. 
Grey's sense of loyalty gets him into trouble when he finds out that his field commander, a man that saved his life many times, is lost in the African sector. He abandons Town 303 to go look for him. Along the way, he discovers who and what the resistance fighters are, why the Towns are all different in both military might and how they are run, and what the true secret of "Big Mama" is.
Tone.
"Grey" is not a lighthearted adventure. The nickname of "Grey Death" is accurate, and the bad luck Grey seems to spread around makes his tragic situation even worse. As we follow him through his adventures, things get darker and darker. 
Where the manga stays on a downward spiral of tragedy, a few choices in the anime adaptation provide some hope to Grey and his companions.
Harlan Ellison wrote the introduction to the Viz Media English Adaptation. In it, he compared "Grey" to his own type of hard-edged speculative fiction.
Themes.
Grey consistently encounters "dolls" (robots and androids closely resembling humans in behavior and speech), leading to tension between his search for the truth behind the Little Mamas and his reliance on robots to perform menial tasks.
Art.
Yoshihisa Tagami draws detailed vehicles and mecha in a variety of styles and a mix of retro and future weapon technologies. Each chapter adds new mecha or fantastic weapon of destruction. Towns have different tech levels: we see World War II style tanks, Grey's signature attack jeep, advanced F-15 style jet fighters and other realistic machinery. The series also features armored suits, jet bikes, walker style mecha and cyborgs. The series is notable for the Maya and Inca feel to the technology seen in the latter chapters.
Tagami's characters are simplistically rendered, especially with regard to their facial features. Some of the characters look a little stereotypical of the character design style that stuck around throughout the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="2880574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880574" title="Real Time Messaging Protocol">
Real Time Messaging Protocol

Real Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) was initially a proprietary protocol developed by Macromedia for streaming audio, video and data over the Internet, between a Flash player and a server. Macromedia is now owned by Adobe, which has released an incomplete version of the specification of the protocol for public use.
The RTMP protocol has multiple variations:
While the primary motivation for RTMP was to be a protocol for playing Flash video, it is also used in some other applications, such as the Adobe LiveCycle Data Services ES.
Basic operation.
RTMP is a TCP-based protocol which maintains persistent connections and allows low-latency communication. To deliver streams smoothly and transmit as much information as possible, it splits streams into fragments and their size is negotiated dynamically between the client and server while sometimes it is kept unchanged: the default fragment sizes are 64-bytes for audio data, and 128 bytes for video data and most other data types. Fragments from different streams may then be interleaved, and multiplexed over a single connection. With longer data chunks the protocol thus carries only a one-byte header per fragment, so incurring very little overhead. However, in practice individual fragments are not typically interleaved. Instead, the interleaving and multiplexing is done at the packet level, with RTMP packets across several different active channels being interleaved in such a way as to ensure that each channel meets its bandwidth, latency, and other quality-of-service requirements. Packets interleaved in this fashion are treated as indivisible, and are not interleaved on the fragment level.
The RTMP defines several virtual channels on which packets may be sent and received, and which operate independently of each other. For example, there is a channel for handling RPC requests and responses, a channel for video stream data, a channel for audio stream data, a channel for out-of-band control messages (fragment size negotiation, etc.), and so on. During a typical RTMP session, several channels may be active simultaneously at any given time. When RTMP data is encoded, a packet header is generated. The packet header specifies, amongst other matters, the id of the channel on which it is to be sent, a timestamp of when it was generated (if necessary), and the size of the packet's payload. This header is then followed by the actual payload content of the packet, which is fragmented according to the currently agreed-upon fragment size before it is sent over the connection. The packet header itself is never fragmented, and its size does not count towards the data in the packet's first fragment. In other words, only the actual packet payload (the media data) is subject to fragmentation.
At a higher level, the RTMP encapsulates MP3 or AAC audio and FLV1 video multimedia streams, and can make remote procedure calls (RPCs) using the Action Message Format. Any RPC services required are made asynchronously, using a single client/server request/response model, such that real-time communication is not required.
Encryption.
RTMP sessions may be encrypted using either of two methods:
It is generally understood that the TLS/SSL handshake at the beginning of a session is very computationally intensive. Adobe developed RTMPE as a lighter weight alternative, to make it more practical for high-traffic sites to serve encrypted content. Adobe advertises RTMPE as a method for secure content delivery, protecting against client impersonation but this claim is false. RTMPE only uses Anonymous Diffie-Hellman which provides no verification of either party's identity, and as such is vulnerable to trivial man-in-the-middle attacks at session initialization.
HTTP tunneling.
In RTMP Tunneled (RTMPT), RTMP data is encapsulated and exchanged via HTTP, and messages from the client (the media player, in this case) are addressed to port 80 (the default for HTTP) on the server.
While the messages in RTMPT are larger than the equivalent non-tunneled RTMP messages due to HTTP headers, RTMPT may facilitate the use of RTMP in scenarios where the use of non-tunneled RTMP would otherwise not be possible, such as when the client is behind a firewall that blocks non-HTTP and non-HTTPS outbound traffic.
The protocol works by sending commands through the POST url and AMF messages through the POST body. An example is
for a connection to be opened.
Specification document.
Adobe released what it claimed was the RTMP specification on 15 June 2009. That specification, however, omits crucial details of the protocol's implementation. It would be impossible to write a program incorporating the RTMP protocol based on the released specification alone; many essential details are omitted, and only limited additional facts can be determined by studying other implementations that use the protocol (such as librtmp), and by carrying out test TCP/IP packet captures.
The Adobe license to use this protocol requires that implementations of RTMP servers meet this specification.
Details missing from Adobe's published specification include:
Packet structure.
Packets are sent over a TCP connection which are established first between client and server. They contain a header and a body which, in the case of connection and control commands, is encoded using the Action Message Format (AMF). The header is split into the "Basic Header" (shown as detached from the rest, in the diagramme) and "Chunk Message Header". The Basic Header is the only constant part of the packet and is usually composed of a single "composite" byte, where the 2 most significant bits are the Chunk Type ("fmt" in the specification) and the rest form the Stream ID. Depending on the value of the former, some fields of the Message Header can be omitted and their value derived from previous packets while depending on the value of the latter, the Basic Header can be extended with 2 or 3 extra bytes (as in the case of the diagramme that has 3 bytes in total (c)). If the value of the remaining 6 bits of the "Basic Header" (BH) (least significant) is 0 then the BH is of 2 bytes and represents from Stream ID 64 to 319 (64+255); if the value is 1, then the BH is of 3 bytes (last 2 bytes encoded as 16bit Little Endian) and represents from Stream ID 64 to 65599 (64+65535); if the value is 2, then BH is of 1 byte and is reserved for low-level protocol control messages and commands. The Chunk Message Header contains meta-data information such as the message size (measured in bytes), the "Timestamp Delta" and "Message Type". This last value is a single byte and defines whether the packet is an audio, video, command or "low level" RTMP packet such as an RTMP Ping.
An example is shown below as captured when a flash client executes the following code:
this will generate the following Chunk:
The packet starts with a "Basic Header" of a single byte (0x03) where the 2 most significant bits (b00000011) define a chunk header type of 0 while the rest (b00000011) define a Chunk Stream ID of 3. The 4 possible values of the header type and their significance are:
The last type (b11) is always used in the case of aggregate messages where, in the example above, the second message will start with an id of 0xC3 (b11000011) and would mean that all Message Header fields should be derived from the message with a stream Id of 3 (which would be the message right above it). The 6 least significant bits that form the Stream ID can take values between 3 and 65599. Some values have special meaning like 1 that stands for an extended ID format, in which case there will be 2 bytes following that. A value of 2 is for low level messages such as Ping and Set Client Bandwidth.
The next bytes of the RTMP Header (including the values in the example packet above) are decoded as follows:
The Message Type ID byte defines whether the packet contains audio/video data, a remote object or a command. Some possible values are for are:
Following the header, 0x02 denotes a string of size 0x000C and values 0x63 0x72 ... 0x6D ("createStream" command). Following that we have a 0x00 (number) which is the transaction id of value 2.0. The last byte is 0x05 (null) which means there are no arguments.
Invoke Message Structure (0x14, 0x11).
Some of the message types shown above, such as Ping and Set Client/Server Bandwidth, are considered low level RTMP protocol messages which do not use the AMF encoding format. Command messages on the other hand, whether AMF0 (Message Type of 0x14) or AMF3 (0x11), use the format and have the general form shown below:
The transaction id is used for commands that can have a reply. The value can be either a string like in the example above or one or more objects, each composed of a set of key/value pairs where the keys are always encoded as strings while the values can be any AMF data type, including complex types like arrays.
Ping Message Structure (0x04).
Ping messages are not AMF encoded. They start with a stream Id of 0x02 which implies a full (type 0) header and have a message type of 0x04. The header is followed by 6 bytes which are interpreted as such:
The first two bytes of the message body define the Ping Type which can apparently take 6 possible values.
"Pong" is the name for a reply to a Ping with the values used as seen above.
ServerBw/ClientBw Message Structure (0x05, 0x06).
This relates to messages that have to do with the client up-stream and server down-stream bit-rate. The body is composed of 4 bytes showing the bandwidth value with a possible extension of one byte which sets the Limit Type. This can have one of 3 possible values which can be: hard, soft or dynamic (either soft or hard).
Set Chunk Size (0x01).
The value received in the 4 bytes of the body. A default value of 128 bytes exists and the message is sent only when a change is wanted
The protocol.
Handshake.
After establishing a TCP connection, an RTMP connection is established first performing a handshake through the exchange of 3 packets from each side (also referred as Chunks in the official documentation). These are referred in the official spec as C0-2 for the client sent packets and S0-2 for the server side respectively and are not to be confused with RTMP packets that can be exchanged only after the handshake is complete. These packets have a structure of their own and C1 contains a field setting the "epoch" timestamp but since this can be set to zero, as is done in third party implementations, the packet can be simplified. The client initialises the connection by sending the C0 packet with a constant value of 0x03 representing the current protocol version. It follows straight with C1 without waiting for S0 to be received first which contains 1536 bytes, with the first 4 representing the epoch timestamp, the second 4 all being 0, and the rest being random (and which can be set to 0 in third party implementations). C2 and S2 are an echo of S1 and C1 respectively, except with the second 4 bytes being the time the respective message was received (instead of 0). After C2 and S2 are received the handshake is considered complete.
Connect.
At this point, the client and server can negotiate a connection by exchanging AMF encoded messages. These include key value pairs which relate to variables that are needed for a connection to be established. An example message from the client is:
The Flash Media Server and other implementations uses the concept of an "app" to conceptually define a container for audio/video and other content, implemented as a folder on the server root which contains the media files to be streamed. The first variable contains the name of this app as "sample" which is the name provided by the Wowza Server for their testing. The "flashVer" string is the same as returned by the Action-script "getversion()" function. The "audioCodec" and "videoCodec" are encoded as doubles and their meaning can be found in the original spec. The same is true for the "videoFunction" variable which in this case is the self-explanatory SUPPORT_VID_CLIENT_SEEK constant. Of special interest is the "objectEncoding" which will define whether the rest of the communication will make use of the extended AMF3 format or not. As version 3 is the current default, the flash client has to be told explicitly in Action-script code to use AMF0 if that is requested. The server then replies with a ServerBW, a ClientBW and a SetPacketSize message sequence, finally followed by an Invoke, with an example message.
Some of the values above are serialised into properties of a generic Action-script Object which is then passed to the NetConnection event listener. The "clientId" will establish a number for the session to be started by the connection. Object encoding must match the value previously set.
Play video.
To start a video stream, the client sends a "createStream" invocation followed by a ping message, followed by a "play" invocation with the file name as argument. The server will then reply with a series of "onStatus" commands followed by the video data as encapsulated within RTMP messages.
After a connection is established, media is sent by encapsulating the content of FLV tags into RTMP messages of type 8 and 9 for audio and video respectively.
HTTP tunneling (RTMPT).
This refers to the HTTP tunneled version of the protocol. It communicates over port 80 and passes the AMF data inside HTTP POST request and responses. The sequence for connection is as follows:
The first request has an /fcs/ident2 path and the correct reply is a 404 Not Found error. The client then sends an /open/1 request where the server must reply with a 200 ok appending a random number that will be used as the session identifier for the said communication. In this example 1728724019 is returned in the response body.
From now on the /idle/<session id>/<sequence #> is a polling request where the session id has been generated and returned from the server and the sequence is just a number that increments by one for every request. The appropriate response is a 200 OK with an integer returned in the body signifying the interval time. AMF data is sent through /send/<session id>/<sequence #>
Software implementations.
Client software.
The most widely adopted RTMP client is Adobe Flash Player, which supports playback of audio and video streamed from RTMP servers (when installed as a web browser plug-in).
rtmpdump.
The open-source command-line tool rtmpdump is designed to play back or save to disk the full RTMP stream including the RTMPE protocol Adobe uses for encryption. RTMPdump runs on Linux, Android, Solaris, MacOSX, and most other Unix-derived operating systems, as well as Microsoft Windows. Originally supporting all versions of 32-bit Windows including Windows 98, from version 2.2 the software will run only on Windows XP and above (although earlier versions remain fully functional).
Packages of the rtmpdump suite of software are available in the major open-source repositories (GNU/Linux distros). These include the front-end apps "rtmpdump", "rtmpsrv" and "rtmpsuck."
Development of RTMPdump was restarted in October 2009, outside the United States, at the MPlayer site. The current version features greatly improved functionality, and has been rewritten to take advantage of the benefits of the C programming language. In particular, the main functionality was built into a library (librtmp) which can easily be used by other applications. The RTMPdump developers have also written support for librtmp for MPlayer, FFmpeg, XBMC, cURL, VLC and a number of other open source software projects. Use of librtmp provides these projects with full support of RTMP in all its variants without any additional development effort.
FLVstreamer.
FLVstreamer is a fork of RTMPdump, without the code which Adobe claims violates the DMCA in the USA. This was developed as a response to Adobe's attempt in 2008 to suppress RTMPdump. FLVstreamer will save to disk ("download") a stream of audio or video content from any RTMP server, if encryption (RTMPE) is not enabled on the stream.
Server software.
Some full implementation RTMP servers are:

</doc>
<doc id="2880578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880578" title="Flash pulmonary edema">
Flash pulmonary edema

In medicine, flash pulmonary edema (oedema in British English) (FPE), is rapid onset pulmonary edema. It is most often precipitated by acute myocardial infarction or mitral regurgitation, but can be caused by aortic regurgitation, heart failure, or almost any cause of elevated left ventricular filling pressures. Treatment of FPE should be directed at the underlying cause, but the mainstays are ensuring adequate oxygenation, diuresis, and decrease of pulmonary circulation pressures.
Recurrence of FPE is thought to be associated with hypertension and may signify renal artery stenosis. Prevention of recurrence is based on managing hypertension, coronary artery disease, renovascular hypertension, and heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="2880591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880591" title="Ali Asad">
Ali Asad

Ali Asad (born 25 December 1988) is a Pakistani cricketer. A left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper, he represents Karachi cricket teams, having played for their Whites, Blues, Zebras and Dolphins sides. He scored his maiden first-class century in only his third match, while opening the batting for Karachi Blues against Peshawar. He has also represented Pakistan Under-19s, averaging 37.20 in Under-19 Test matches, and 45.40 in Under-19 One Day Internationals.

</doc>
<doc id="2880600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880600" title="Baikal sturgeon">
Baikal sturgeon

The Baikal sturgeon, "Acipenser baerii baicalensis", is a sturgeon indigenous to Lake Baikal in Siberia, Russia. It is a subspecies of the widely distributed Siberian sturgeon ("Acipenser baerii"). It resides primarily in the northern end of the lake, making considerable movements along the shore, and migrating up the Selenga River to spawn. Not long ago, sturgeons weighing 125 kilograms were not uncommon. The Baikal Sturgeon is now listed as endangered.

</doc>
<doc id="2880604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880604" title="The Voice of Frank Sinatra">
The Voice of Frank Sinatra

The Voice of Frank Sinatra is the first studio album by American singer Frank Sinatra, released on Columbia Records, catalogue C-112, March 4, 1946. It was first issued as a set of four 78 rpm records totaling eight songs, and went to #1 on the fledgling Billboard chart. It stayed at the top for seven weeks in 1946, spending a total of eighteen weeks on the charts. The album chart consisted of just a Top Five until August 1948. The cover depicted to the right is that of the original 78 rpm release cover, also used on the compact disc reissue.
Content.
The tracks were arranged and conducted by Axel Stordahl and his orchestra, on both dates consisting of a string quartet and four-piece rhythm section, augmented by flutist John Mayhew in July, and, ironically given the part he would play with Sinatra at Columbia in the early 1950s, oboist Mitch Miller in December. Sinatra would record most of these songs again at later stages in his career.
Certain critics have claimed "The Voice" to be the first concept album. Beginning in 1939, however, singer Lee Wiley started releasing albums of 78s dedicated to the songs of a single writer, Cole Porter for example, a precursor to the "Songbooks" sets formulated by Norman Granz and Ella Fitzgerald in 1956. These may loosely be termed concept albums, although Sinatra with "The Voice" inaugurated his practice of having a common mood, theme, or instrumentation tying the songs together on a specific release.
It also holds the distinction of being the first pop album catalogue item at 33⅓ rpm, when Columbia premiered long-playing vinyl records in 1948, ten-inch and twelve-inch format for classical music, ten-inch only for pop. The Voice was reissued as a 10-inch LP, catalogue number CL 6001 in 1948. It was also later issued as two 45 rpm EPs in 1952 with catalogue number B-112 in 1952, a 12-inch LP with a changed running order including only five of the original tracks in 1955 with catalogue number CL-743, and a compact disc with extra tracks in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2880611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880611" title="Radio Essex">
Radio Essex

Radio Essex may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2880619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880619" title="Ōuchi clan">
Ōuchi clan

Based in Suō Province, towards the western end of Honshū, the Ōuchi were among the primary families to be involved in foreign trade and relations, particularly with China. Following the Ōnin War (1467–1477), a strong rivalry developed between the Ōuchi and the Hosokawa family, who were now in power. The two clashed at Ningpo in 1523, and as a result the Chinese closed Ningpo to Japanese traders. By the time the Ōuchi were again allowed to send a ship a few years later, the trade was dying out. The family's trade with China fully came to an end by 1548, their monopoly broken by merchants from the seaport of Sakai. The Ōuchi also housed the Spanish Jesuit missionary Francis Xavier for a time in 1551.
As a result of their wealth and trading contacts, the Ōuchi gained renown in the worlds of art and culture as well. They possessed countless items of cultural and artistic significance and beauty, from Japan and China, as well as from further abroad. Particularly famous was the invitation by Ōuchi Masahiro of the famous painter Sesshū to Yamaguchi in 1486.

</doc>
<doc id="2880625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880625" title="Archie Morris">
Archie Morris

Dr. Archibald "Archie" Morris is a fictional character portrayed by Scott Grimes on the television show "ER".
Early career.
The character of Dr. Morris debuted in late 2003, in the drama's 10th season, and was notable for providing comic relief. Morris was an inept second-year resident who avoided work whenever possible. Luckily he was frequently bailed out by another resident named Coop. In the episode "Freefall" he was caught smoking confiscated marijuana by Dr. Robert Romano, but avoided punishment when Romano was killed by a falling helicopter in the ambulance bay. Unaware of the doctor's demise, Morris, stoned, waited at the admit desk to be disciplined, doing nothing to assist the other doctors as they dealt with the fiery crash.
Morris's lack of commitment and slacking were already well-established when his neglect cost a patient's life. The patient waited for hours to be seen by a doctor before she had a stroke and died. Morris abruptly quit, storming out of the ER, only to return the next day claiming his father would deny him financial support if he didn't see this "thing" through.
Professional Advancement.
Morris was made Chief Resident in Season 11, allowing his character to further antagonize other characters (Grimes became a series regular at this time). He achieved this coveted position due to a lack of competition (the more capable Greg Pratt turned down the post), an eleventh hour push of publications, and an elaborate presentation for the interview. As Chief Resident, Morris's inflated ego often led to clashes with colleagues, though he often acted as if he were beloved by his residents and medical students. Although Luka Kovac never had any disagreements with him, Ray Barnett, Neela Rasgotra and especially Abby Lockhart tended to mock and insult him for his pompous attitude- although in later years they regarded him with grudging affection. Greg Pratt was initially also contemptuous of Morris, but by Season 12 they are good friends. Kerry Weaver, on the other hand, was never openly rude to Morris, but she never viewed him as having much potential and did not support him as much as other ER doctors. Morris's leadership style swung wildly from delegation to micro-management. At the end of Season 11, when Dr. Carter left the show, he told Morris to "set the tone" just as Mark Greene had told him at the end of Season 8. Morris was drunk and didn't recall the phrase when Carter asked him years later.
In Season 12, it was revealed that Morris had donated sperm many times earlier in his life. Three red-headed children and one African American child showed up at the hospital and declared that Morris was their father. Although shocked by this, his comical attempts to be a "good dad" became a recurring theme for the character in subsequent episodes; the kids did love him, however. Later in the season, we learn that Morris was hired by a pharmacy laboratory. In the season finale, "21 Guns," he is preparing to leave the hospital when a shooting occurs in the ER. Morris's quick and competent response to this crisis marked something of a professional turning point for him.
Taking Charge.
During season 13, Morris was hired as one of the ER's attending physicians (the slot left open by Dr. Clemente's departure). Morris began a serious effort to win respect. Though other doctors still did not always take him seriously, he showed a moment of both care and skill when he correctly interpreted a young man's alternating demands to be admitted and discharged as symptoms of dissociative identity disorder. However, other doctors laughed at Morris's diagnosis and refused to authorize critical care, and he privately admitted to Sam Taggart that he knew ""most of the other ER staff think I'm a joke"." Sam spoke kindly to him and used her communications skills to convince the patient to consent to life-saving treatment. This is where Morris slowly starts to become a much better doctor.
When new medical interns came to the ER, Morris's attention was caught by Hope Bobeck. Morris asked her out for dinner but she instead invited him to her Bible study group, as she was a born-again Christian (often praying while taking care of patients). Morris pretended to be as devout as she was, and Hope and Morris grew close to each other. In the Christmas episode "City of Mercy", he got through a difficult shift as the only ER attending, and at the end of the day Hope told him how much she'd learned watching him. She then asked him out for drinks, with the implication of intimacy to follow. Morris declined, much to his own surprise, and Hope was left confused and disappointed. Morris and Hope later got involved with each other while helping to plan Luka and Abby's wedding. The two took advantage of a free honeymoon suite that Luka and Abby were not able to use and began pursuing a relationship. Morris was saddened when Hope left for a long volunteer stint in Venezuela, and they subsequently broke up. In Season 14, Morris discovers that his father has died, and laments to Abby that he and his dad never mended their long-broken relationship. He also fails his medical boards while Dr. Pratt passes them. Morris lies about his failure and asks Pratt to cover for him until he can take and pass his boards. Morris also underwent brief therapy sessions after a hostage situation he was involved in, where the armed man was gunned down right after he gave himself up. Another hard hit came when his friend Dr. Gregory Pratt was critically injured in an ambulance explosion and the ER staff was unable to save him. Morris took Dr. Pratt's death harder than anyone else in the ER. In the following weeks, he clashed numerous times with the new chief Catherine Banfield whom Morris resented upon her arrival, seeing that she holds the position his deceased friend had earned. In the following weeks, Morris got in trouble again, with Dr. Banfield for teaching new med student Chaz Pratt risky medical procedures that not even first year residents are qualified to perform. Morris admits that whenever he sees Chaz he sees his brother Greg, and only wants to do the best for him.
As Season 15 continues, Morris is shown to have matured a great deal following Pratt's death, becoming the senior figure for the doctors in the ER, much like Mark Greene and John Carter before him. In many instances, his co-workers come to him for both personal and professional advice, although he retains his slightly comical personality. Specifically, Dr. Cate Banfield shares with him the fact that her young son died in the County ER, and Dr. Brenner admits to Morris that he was sexually abused as a child. In the episode Separation Anxiety, Morris becomes attracted to a female patient whom he later learns is an undercover narcotics cop (Claudia Diaz, played by Justina Machado). In the episode "I Feel Good", Morris tells Claudia that he plans to one day propose to her, which she says she would accept. Also, during this season, Morris is the first to whom new chief of the ER Catherine Banfield begins to open and, after a time of hostility between them, they develop a mutual respect for one another's skills. The depth of this respect was shown in Episode 7 when Banfield revealed to Morris that she had lost her son in County's ER.

</doc>
<doc id="2880626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880626" title="CX (audio)">
CX (audio)

CX is a noise reduction system for recorded analog audio. It was developed by CBS Laboratories (a division of CBS) in the late 1970s as a competitor to other noise reduction (NR) systems such as Dolby and dbx, and was officially introduced in 1981. The name "CX" was derived from "Compatible eXpansion," a feature of the technique. The CX integrated circuit U2141B was developed by AEG-Telefunken, Germany, in 1982, by the same team who also designed the High Com noise reduction system, a broadband compander with typically up to 20 dB of noise reduction (and more).
__TOC__
Use on Vinyl LP records.
CX was originally designed by CBS as a noise-reduction technology for vinyl LP records, similar to the earlier dbx system for dbx discs. CX required a special decoder connected to a stereo system, in order to fully reproduce the CX encoded sound on the LP. However, CX-encoded records could also be played without a decoder, with a resulting (claimed acceptable) amount of dynamic range compression. Relatively few hardware decoder boxes were sold.
The project was led by CBS Records group vice president Bob Jamieson and carried out by a team led by Dan Graveraux. The label predicted that CX encoding would become standard on all new LP releases but this did not happen. CBS struggled to gain support for the system from other record companies. The process was controversial among CBS executives and unpopular with some artists. Classical guitarist Liona Boyd demanded that the CX encoded version of one of her albums be withdrawn because of perceived shortcomings, even though Jamieson claimed that CBS had the technical means to overcome such objections.
Approximately 70 CX encoded LP titles were released by CBS in 1982 in the United States. In Europe many CX discs were manufactured in the Netherlands with the catalog number prefix "CBSCX". The albums in this series also came in standard, non CX encoded versions. While the implementation of CX with LP's was quite unsuccessful and short-lived, CX would later see success as the NR used for the stereo analog audio tracks on LaserDiscs. It was also used for the audio tracks on discs of the RCA SelectaVision CED Videodisc system.
Use on LaserDisc.
All LaserDisc (and stereophonic CED) players manufactured since 1981, when the CX equipped LD-1100 was introduced, had CX NR capability as a standard feature. Pioneer also released a stand-alone CX adapter for use with their VP-1000, Magnavox's VH-8000/8005 and the industrial players that were all released before CX was adopted. The first CX encoded LaserDisc released anywhere was "Olivia Newton-John: Physical" on the MCA Videodisc label. CX decoders made for LP's could not be used with LD's because the CX companding specifications for LaserDisc were changed, from 20 dB of noise reduction to 14 dB, along with moving the 'threshold' where compression/expansion changes from 2:1 to 1:1 from -40 dB to -28 dB - other minor changes to the decoding time constants were made as well. In addition, some of the LaserDisc's FM audio encoding specifications were modified too, allowing more headroom and better high frequency response at high levels. These changes were made because, at the time of CX's adoption on LaserDisc (1981), the vast majority of program sources used for mastering, such as 35mm optical and magnetic film soundtracks, as well as the 2-inch IVC-9000 and the 1-inch C-Type video tape formats used for LaserDisc mastering, had signal-to-noise ratios low enough that "undecoded" playback would accentuate their noise to unacceptable levels. By reducing the total amount of noise reduction and modifying other aspects of the CX system to better match LD's FM audio shortcomings, undecoded playback sound quality was maintained and vastly improved decoded sound was achieved at the same time. The possibility of audible pumping or breathing artifacts during CX decoded playback were reduced as well.
While CX greatly improved the audio quality of LaserDisc's FM audio tracks, its primary reason for adoption was to decrease the amount of interference between the right channel's FM audio carrier and the video carrier's first chroma sideband. Without CX, strict filtering during mastering and playback as well as keeping color saturation below 75% on the master were required to keep any interference below -35db, which ensured that no beats or other artifacts were visible in the demodulated image. Although CX improved the picture quality, it was not normally used on discs with mono audio. Pioneer Video, the main manufacturer of LD's at the time, required the studios to request CX and, since most did not know that CX improved the video quality of the finished discs or the audio of mono titles, CX was rarely requested. Due to this lack of knowledge about CX at the studios, there were many stereo titles released without CX encoding and, in fact, CX didn't become standard on all LaserDisc titles until the late 80's. A look at Pioneer's catalogs as late as 1987 shows that the majority of titles did not have CX encoded analog sound - most were not digital either.
For the CED VideoDisc, since stereo was not added to the format until its second year on the market, RCA made CX a mandatory part of CED's stereo system - a disc could not be released in stereo without CX encoding - and the companding specifications were unchanged from those of the LP system due to the CED system's much higher noise levels than the LaserDisc format. Although RCA improved the plastic/carbon formulation used to make discs, which lowered disc noise levels by 3db, and modified the mastering system, the CED format still required the full 20 dB of noise reduction that was achieved with the unmodified LP system. The names given by CBS to the two different versions of CX were CX-20 and CX-14.
The theory of operation is described in .

</doc>
<doc id="2880628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880628" title="Vladimir Nemirovich-Danchenko">
Vladimir Nemirovich-Danchenko

Vladimir Ivanovich Nemirovich-Danchenko () (11(23) December 1858 - 25 April 1943, Moscow) was a Russian theatre director, writer, pedagogue, playwright, producer and theatre organizer, who founded the Moscow Art Theatre with his colleague, Konstantin Stanislavsky, in 1898.
Biography.
Vladimir Ivanovich Nemirovich-Danchenko was born into a mixed Ukrainian-Armenian family in Ozurgeti (Georgia) near Poti. His father was an officer of the Russian army, and his mother, Alexandra Yagubyan (1829-1914), was an Armenian. He was educated at High school in Tbilisi and then at Moscow State University (physical-mathematical and juridical departments 1876-1879). In 1879 he left the University for the theatre, starting as a theatre critic, and in 1881, his first play "Dog-rose", which was staged in one year by Maly Theatre, was published. 
He was a teacher of Moskvin, Knipper and Meyerhold. In 1919 he established the Musical Theatre of the Moscow Art Theatre, which was reformed into the Nemirovich-Danchenko Musical Theatre in 1926. In 1943 Nemirovich-Danchenko established the Moscow Art Theatre School, which continues to thrive and to celebrate his memory.
Legacy.
Nemirovich-Danchenko opened for theatre a true sense of Chekhov and Gorky plays, a prose of Dostoevsky and Tolstoy. It has been said that "If Stanislavsky was the soul of Art Theatre, then Nemirovich was its heart".
He could create own theatre world but he didn't like the experiments of Stanislavsky with theatre studios. He created an "acting" and "directing" style of the Moscow Art Theatre, "actors ensemble" and "atmosphere". Because of this the Moscow Art Theatre was considered the best theatre of the world at that time. But Nemirovich didn't write down his "system" of acting and we know only the "system of Stanislavsky" (or "Stanislavsky's system").
Nemirovich-Danchenko was one of the very first recipients of the title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1936. Later, he was awarded the USSR State Prize (1942, 1943), Order of Lenin, and Order of the Red Banner of Labour. His descendants continue to work in the theatre he founded.

</doc>
<doc id="2880630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880630" title="Cara Williams">
Cara Williams

Cara Williams (born June 29, 1925) is an American film and television actress.
Early life.
Williams was born Bernice Kamiat in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Flora (née Schwartz) and Benjamin Kamiat, Jewish immigrants from Romania and Lemberg, Austria-Hungary. She began her screen acting career in 1941, and was initially billed as Bernice Kay. Williams earned an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination in 1959 for her role in the film, "The Defiant Ones".
Career.
She starred opposite Harry Morgan in the CBS situation comedy "Pete and Gladys" (1960–62), and earned an Emmy Award nomination in 1962 for Best Actress in a Series. She later had her own CBS sitcom, "The Cara Williams Show" (1964–65), with costars Frank Aletter, previously the star of "Bringing Up Buddy" on CBS, and Jack Sheldon, later star of the short-lived 1966 series, "Run, Buddy, Run", also on CBS. 
On the series, Williams and Aletter played Cara and Frank Bridges, a married couple who tried to keep their union secret because company police at Fenwick Diversified Industries, for which they both worked, forbade employees to marry within the company. Cara was known by her maiden name, Cara Wilton, at work, where she was a secretary with a filing system so complex that only "she" knew just where to find each exact file that was needed. This made her indispensable to her boss, Mr. Burkhardt (Paul Reed), so she could never lose her job.
The series was created by Keefe Brasselle's Richelieu Productions, along with two other programs that season, "The Reporter" starring Harry Guardino and Gary Merrill and Paul Ford's sitcom "The Baileys of Balboa". All three series were ordered by CBS president James T. Aubrey without formal pilot episodes (he was a close friend of Brasselle's), and all were cancelled after Aubrey was fired from the network in February 1965. 
In "Meet Me in Las Vegas" (1956) Williams played a redhaired dancer who performed a notable number, declaring she did not like rock 'n' roll. She played James Cagney's girlfriend in the musical comedy "Never Steal Anything Small" (1959) in which they sang a duet. Her television roles included guest appearances on four episodes of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". During the early-to-mid-1960s, CBS executives groomed Williams to be the next Lucille Ball, but these plans never materialized. After her show's demise, she guest-starred on other shows, including "Rhoda". 
Personal life.
Williams married Alan Gray in 1945; the union produced a child, but ended after two years. Williams then married John Drew Barrymore (later the father of Drew Barrymore) in 1952. They divorced in 1959. Their son, John Blyth Barrymore, is a former actor. She is currently married to her third husband, Los Angeles real estate entrepreneur Asher Dann.

</doc>
<doc id="2880643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880643" title="Sultan Shah Jahan, Begum of Bhopal">
Sultan Shah Jahan, Begum of Bhopal

Sultan Shahjahan Begum GCSI CI (July 29, 1838 – June 16, 1901) was the Begum of Bhopal (the ruler of the princely state of Bhopal in central India) for two periods: 1844–60 (her mother acting as regent), and secondly during 1868–1901.
Biography.
Born in Islamnagar near the city of Bhopal, Shahjahan was the only surviving child of Sikandar Begum, sometime Nawab of Bhopal by correct title, and her husband Jahangir Mohammed Khan. She was recognised as ruler of Bhopal in 1844 at the age of six; her mother wielded power as regent during her minority. However, in 1860, her mother Sikandar Begum was recognised by the British as ruler of Bhopal in her own right, and Shahjahan was set aside. Shahjahan succeeded her mother as Begum of Bhopal upon the death of the latter in 1868. Having been groomed for leadership of the state, Shahjahan improved the tax revenue system and increased state intake, raised the salaries of her soldiers, modernized the military's arms, built a dam and an artificial lake, improved the efficiency of the police force and undertook the first census after the state suffered two plagues (the population had dropped to 744,000). In order to balance her budget deficit, she commissioned the farming of opium. She was regarded as an effective and popular ruler.
A lady of learning and piety, Shahjahan is credited with the authorship of several books in Urdu. She was instrumental in initiating the construction of one of the largest mosques in India, the Taj-ul-Masajid, at Bhopal. The construction however remained incomplete at her death and was later abandoned; work was resumed only in 1971. She also built the Taj Mahal palace at Bhopal. While Shahjahan had desired to perform the Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca, frail health and her phobia of shipwrecks prevented her from ever doing so.
Shahjahan Begum made sizable donations towards the building of a mosque at Woking, Surrey in the UK. She also contributed generously towards the founding of the Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College at Aligarh, which developed into the Aligarh Muslim University. She also subsidised the cost of a railway to be constructed between Hoshangabad and Bhopal.
In 1855, Shahjahan Begum married Baqi Muhammad Khan, a nobleman of middle rank of Bhopal, as his third wife. He died in 1867. Four years later, Shahjahan married Siddiq Hasan Khan of Kannauj in the then United Provinces. The second marriage was childless. In addition to the deaths of two husbands, Shahjahan also experienced the deaths of two granddaughters.
Shahjahan Begum's final years were spent in leadership of a reasonably well-run state. In 1901 she was afflicted with cancer of the mouth; shortly thereafter, a message was published for the people of Bhopal asking forgiveness if Shahjahan had wronged any of her subjects, causing public grief over the illness of a popular ruler. Shahjahan was visited for one last time by her daughter Sultan Jehan, with whom Shahjahan had not spoken for thirteen years as Shahjahan had blamed her daughter for the death of her first granddaughter; even at this final meeting, Shahjahan refused to forgive her daughter. Shahjahan died shortly thereafter on June 6, 1901, and Sultan Jehan assumed the throne.
Postal services.
During her reign the first postage stamps of the Bhopal state were issued. In 1876 and 1878 there were issues of half and quarter anna stamps. Those of 1876 have text "HH Nawab Shahjahan Begam" in an octagonal frame; the 1878 stamps the same text in a round frame and the Urdu form of the Begum's title. The last stamps bearing her name were issued in 1902 with inscription: "H.H. Nawab Sultan Jahan Begam". (The state postal service of Bhopal issued its own postage stamps until 1949; from the second issue of stamps in 1908 official stamps were issued until 1945 and these had the inscriptions "Bhopal State" or "Bhopal Govt." In 1949 two surcharged stamps were issued, the last of Bhopal's own stamps.)

</doc>
<doc id="2880654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880654" title="List of heliports in Canada">
List of heliports in Canada

This is an alphabetical list of heliports in Canada. They are listed in the format:
The airport name in the CFS may differ from the name used by the airport authority.

</doc>
<doc id="2880658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880658" title="The Pet Network">
The Pet Network

The Pet Network is a Canadian English language Category B specialty channel owned by Stornoway Communications. The Pet Network broadcasts entertainment and information programming featuring pets in the form of films, documentaries, and dramas.
History.
In November 2000, a joint venture between Stornoway Communications and Cogeco were granted approval by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to launch a television channel called "The Pet Network", described as "a national English-language Category 2 specialty television service devoted to pets and working animals."
Prior to the channel's launch, in January 2004, the CRTC approved an application that would see Stornoway acquire Cogeco's interest in the proposed service. 
The channel was launched on December 3, 2004 on Rogers Digital Cable.
On October 20, 2010, The Pet Network was launched on Shaw Cable, giving the channel widespread distribution in Western Canada for the first time. On November 2010, Shaw Direct added the channel to its lineup, giving the channel national distribution.
On November 12, 2012, to coincide with the launch of the channel's 2012-2013 fall programming launch, The Pet Network underwent a rebranding including of a new logo, on-air graphics, and website.

</doc>
<doc id="2880673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880673" title="Siege of Turin">
Siege of Turin

The Siege of Turin (14 May–7 September 1706) was undertaken by Philippe II, Duke of Orléans and General Louis d'Aubusson de la Feuillade against the Savoyard city of Turin during the War of the Spanish Succession. The French Royal Army was unable to break down Turin's defences or obtain the city's surrender. The besiegers were attacked on 7 September by a Habsburg Austrian relief column under Prince Eugene of Savoy and Victor Amadeus, Duke of Savoy and routed at the Battle of the Stura. The siege of Turin was broken and the withdrawal of French forces from northern Italy began. Coupled with its twin disaster in Flanders—the destruction of a French army at the Battle of Ramillies—Turin marked 1706 as the "annus horribilis" for Louis XIV of France.
Background.
At the outbreak of the conflict, Victor Amadeus, backed by his cousin Eugene, "generalissimo" of the Imperial troops, had taken the risk to side with Austria's Habsburgs since they were the sole power in Europe that could grant his state a total independence after a final victory. However, in case of defeat, Piedmont and Savoy would be wiped off the European maps.
King Louis XIV of France, allied with Spain, replied by invading first Savoy and then Piedmont itself. As the Spanish armies occupied Lombardy, Piedmont found itself surrounded from every side. Attacked by three armies, the Savoyards lost Susa, Vercelli, Chivasso, Ivrea and Nice (1704). The last stronghold was the Citadel of Turin, a fortification built in the mid-16th century.
In August 1705 the French-Spanish armies were ready to attack, but La Feuillade deemed his troops insufficient and waited for reinforcements. This choice turned out to be wrong, as it allowed the Piedmontese to fortify the city up to the neighbouring hills and to prepare for a long siege.
The siege.
In May, the Franco-Spanish army approached Turin with more than 40,000 men. Marshal Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban, expert of siege techniques, volunteered for the campaign but was dismissed due to his age. Vauban persisted in counselling the French command, proposing a side assault on the city and pointing out that the wide net of countermine galleries set by the defenders would present a tenacious obstacle to any other operation. But La Feuillade had different ideas and, dismissing Vauban's counsel, ordered his 48 military engineers to draw up plans for the excavation of a long series of trenches. Old Vauban vocally condemned La Feuillade's methods from Paris, publicly offering to have his throat cut if the French succeeded in taking Turin on La Feuillade's chosen point of attack.
Digging began 14 May, although La Feuillade's lines never fully surrounded Turin. The siege began in June and was pursued for three months against dogged resistance. The besieged, supported by the active participation of the population to the battle, offered a strenuous defence, inflicting heavy losses on the attackers. Fighting continued during the whole summer of 1706.
Relief.
On 17 June Victor Amadeus left Turin to meet Eugene, who was marching from the Trentino with Austrian troops under his command. The heroic deeds of the defenders, including the famous sacrifice of Pietro Micca who had himself explode in a gallery together with a French party in order to save the citadel, seemed however in vain at this point, with the city totally surrounded and heavily shelled, and the French lines nearing the first bastions of the citadel.
Epilogue.
On 2 September the two Savoyards analyzed the tactical situation from the hill of Superga, which commands Turin and the neighbouring area. While the defenders pushed back the last attack fuelled only by desperation, they decided to outflank the besiegers with the bulk of the Austrian army, including part of the cavalry, in the north-western part of the city, which was deemed the most vulnerable part of the Allied front. The manoeuvre succeeded and the Austrians managed to set up camp between the Dora Riparia and the Stura di Lanzo rivers. Eugene declared: ""These men are already half defeated.""
The final clash began at 10 AM on 7 September with an attack against the entire front of the besiegers. After three failed attacks, the Prussian infantry led by Leopold I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau was able to break the French right wing because the "La Marine" Regiment ran out of ammunition. Two attempts to relieve the pocket formed in this way were driven back and the Allied army began to collapse the French position. When Count Wirich Philipp von Daun ordered the city's garrison to break out against the left wing of the French-Spanish army, it started to break up, with soldiers plunging into the Dora Riparia in an attempt to save their lives. Hundreds of these men drowned. The advance of the Allied army towards Pinerolo started in the early afternoon of the same day. 
Franco-Spanish losses totaled 9,800, including 6,000 captured. Marshal Ferdinand de Marsin, adviser to the Duke of Orleans, was fatally wounded and died in Allied custody. The Allies reported a total of 3,246 casualties, including 52 officers and 892 men killed and 182 officers and 2,120 men wounded. They captured 146 siege guns, 40 field guns, 50 mortars, and much other equipment. 
Victor Amadeus and Eugene entered the liberated city and assisted a "Te Deum" issued to celebrate the victory. On the Superga Hill the Savoyard dynasty built a Basilica where, every September 7, a "Te Deum" is still held.
John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough wrote of the relief of Turin: 
To the east, a French victory over a Hessian corps at Castiglione was not enough to regain initiative or to check the allied advance, and the French retreat from Turin effectively left the allies free to invade southern France. After the failed Siege of Toulon in the following year, no significant military event took place on the Italian front until the Treaty of Utrecht.
New researches.
2006 was the third centenary of the siege and the battle of Turin. Three important study congresses and up to forty books were published on this occasion. One of them, "Le Aquile e i Gigli. Una storia mai scritta", is particularly important, since it gives for the first time a realistic account of the military operation, eliminating the traditional, but unreliable, account of those events. In particular it points out how the firepower of the Prussian infantry and the shortcomings of the French logistics were the major causes of the defeat of the French-Spanish alliance.
Another important work was written by P. Bevilacqua and F. Zannoni, "Mastri da muro e piccapietre al servizio del Duca", rebuilding, on the basis of unpublished documents, the construction of the fortress countermine systems, fully realized in the months preceding the beginning of the siege.

</doc>
<doc id="2880676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880676" title="Greg Pratt">
Greg Pratt

Dr. Gregory "Greg" Pratt is a fictional character on the United States television show "ER", portrayed by Mekhi Phifer from April 4, 2002 to September 25, 2008. Mekhi Phifer was removed from the main cast opening credits in the 2nd episode of season 15.
Early Beginnings at County.
Pratt's first appearance as a main character was late in Season 8 in the episode "Orion in the Sky" (2002), as a smart but arrogant intern from VA hospital. He meets Dr. Mark Greene on Greene's last day at County and is initially dismissive of him, before becoming more measured when he learns of Mark's terminal cancer, and by day's end he has learned a little about practicing medicine from Dr. Greene. Dr. Pratt wasn't present at Dr. Mark Greene's funeral but in flashback episode in Season 12 "Body & Soul", it revealed Dr. Pratt worked that day at the hospital since it was understaffed with most of the doctors at Dr. Greene's memorial. Pratt later inherits Dr. Greene's locker.
In the beginning of his residency, Pratt shows immediate leadership and quick precision. But his limited experience and cowboy antics often led Pratt to collide with his chief resident Dr. John Carter and other attendings over many occasions, including a procedure he was unqualified to do (though the patient survived) and resuscitating a patient who had been declared dead, and was brain-dead upon his "revival". He initially clashed with med student Michael Gallant as Michael's military background made him more by-the-book whereas Pratt liked to go around the rules, but they later became close friends. During the critical smallpox outbreak, Pratt proved his skills and courage as a swift physician by helping Dr. Luka Kovač and Dr. Jing-Mei Chen save Dr. Romano's life. The entire hospital is thrown into chaos during the evacuation gone awry, and he along with Dr. John Carter, Abby Lockhart, and Dr. Jing-Mei "Deb" Chen were forced into quarantine in the ER.
Personal Life and Career at County.
In Season 9, Pratt begins an off/on relationship with fellow physician, Dr. Jing-Mei "Deb" Chen. During the series, it was revealed that Pratt had a mentally handicapped stepbrother named Leon living with him, a man who kept Pratt safe and focused on school during his childhood but was left with the reasoning ability of a small child after surviving a gunshot to the head. Due to his handicap, Leon often got into trouble and would disrupt Pratt's professional and personal life, especially when he became involved with a group of thugs who stabbed him in the buttock over a confiscated gun, got him thrown in jail overnight, and then made him join them on a robbery that ended with one of the thugs dead and a cop badly injured (though he recovered thanks to good surgical work by Dr. Elizabeth Corday). To help give Pratt a break, Carter suggested that Leon leave town for a while, leading Pratt to send his stepbrother away to stay with other family members in Baltimore. Leon never returned to the show and was not mentioned again in future seasons. Pratt and medical student Michael Gallant were briefly held for questioning by the Chicago police after a robbery/homicide occurred at a diner across the street; Chen had said that she might have seen a black man fleeing the scene. 
During the tenth season, Pratt was supposedly fired by the frustrated Dr. Romano, whom he had been bumping heads with ever since Romano took over the ER. This was based on bogus allegations that Romano was collecting because of his overall dislike of Dr. Pratt. However, Romano never got to present these findings before the hospital director since he never showed up at the conference (unknown to the others, he had been killed by the crashed helicopter); the director, correctly assuming that Romano was biased, told Pratt to keep up the good work. Pratt and Chen's continuing relationship began to break down when Pratt's casual flirting with new medical student Neela Rasgotra led to Pratt telling Chen he did not see them having a serious future together. Their relationship ended early in Season 10 and Chen was often curt and dismissive towards Pratt for a long while, but they eventually became friends again.
In Season 10's season finale "Drive", Pratt is involved in a road rage shooting while driving recent patient, Elgin Gibbs, home en route to dinner with Dr. Chen. As Pratt tried to drive away from the shooter, his car was forced off a bridge and into the Chicago river, leading to Elgin being killed. Pratt himself sustained serious head injuries, and Chen a broken leg.Elgin Gibbs was unable to survive and died. Their interactions became infrequent due to Chen's family problems, but Pratt went over to her house during Season 11's Christmas Eve episode when he learned she quit, and covered for her after she euthanized her crippled and bedridden father. Pratt later goes to Chens house and her father begs for her to let him die so she injects him with a drug that kills him. This ends his life and Pratt and Chens relationship.
For the Chief Resident post that came up in season 11, Pratt was backed at first by Dr. Luka Kovač and later by Dr. Susan Lewis, who had often been critical of his job performance in the past. However, he decided against applying for the position due to the extra workload, which was subsequently awarded to Dr. Archie Morris- who, while by no means a bad doctor, did not have the decisive personality for the job.
Dr. Pratt came to terms with his clouded past at the end of Season 11, making contact with his estranged father, Charlie Pratt (portrayed by Danny Glover). But, following on in Season 12, Pratt was unable to forgive his father for their estrangement and they ended any reconciliation efforts. Later, after much counsel, Pratt restored ties with his half-brother Chaz (portrayed by Sam Jones III).
In the episode, "Strange Bed Fellows," Dr. Luka Kovač instructs Pratt to go to Darfur, Africa to join Dr. John Carter in a Doctors Without Borders program after Pratt helped a friend avoid a DUI by sending a vial of his own blood for the blood alcohol test, rather than his friend's; the friend later drove drunk and nearly killed a kid.To avoid legal repercussions and also to force him to think about his actions Dr. Kovač sends him away. When Pratt challenges Kovač and says he won't go, Kovač says he has no choice but to go. Pratt eventually decides to go, leading him the opportunity to move up to the position of attending physician, which Dr. Victor Clemente could not fulfill. Pratt becomes a better doctor for going to Congo as he suffers the ups and downs.
At the start of season 13, Pratt achieved his new title as attending, while Chaz moves in with him. However, later on, Pratt discovers his brother in a compromising position with another man. After much denial and a talk with Dr. Kerry Weaver Pratt begins to understand and accept his brother's homosexuality. He also supports his brother's new job as an Emergency Medical Technician but clashes with Chaz's co-workers after they encourage him to drink near-fatal amounts of alcohol.
Later in the season, Pratt discovered a church holding an illegal prescription drugs exchange program between church members. Pratt tried to reason with the pastor to seek better alternatives. With no compromise being met, he decided to take part in the program to make it safer by donating some narcotics from the ER. However, when a member of the church died from the result of the drug exchange, an investigation was conducted by police and social workers. Pratt soon admitted to his chief, Dr. Kovač, that he was solely involved in the scheme, preventing any repercussions on the department. Pratt was arrested by the police (though Kovač helped bail him out) and was put before the review board at the hospital for an explanation of his actions. Surprisingly, Pastor Watkins of First Mission Baptist and his congregation showed up on Pratt's behalf and explained the entire story of his contribution. The board subsequently dismissed Pratt from any suspension, allowing him to retain his medical license and job. Near the end of the season, Kovač asked Pratt to be best man at his wedding.
After being overlooked for the position of Chief of the ER in favour of new attending Dr. Skye Wexler, Pratt submitted his resignation citing that the administration of County General did not respect him; however, he soon changed his mind after meeting former Physician Assistant Jeanie Boulet. After this, Pratt pursued the ER Chief position and finally was able to have a serious adult relationship with the radiologist Dr. Bettina DeJesus.
At the end of the Season 14 finale, "The Chicago Way," Pratt entered an ambulance transporting a patient (portrayed by Steve Buscemi) who revealed himself to be a government informant in Witness Protection. With a botched attempt made on the patient's life in the ER, the Turkish mob targeting Pratt's patient finally succeeded when they booby trapped the ambulance Pratt rode in. A subsequent explosion resulted in a season-ending cliffhanger.
Death and 15th Season.
He died in the very emotional Season 15 premiere, "Life After Death," from injuries sustained in that explosion. Dr Morris tried to save him but unfortunately Pratt was unable to make it. It was further revealed in the episode that Pratt was going to receive an offer to become the new Chief of the ER. Former doctors, such as Dr. Kerry Weaver from Florida and Dr. John Carter from Africa, sent their condolences and gifts in honor of Pratt.
At the end, Morris hands Bettina the engagement ring which Pratt had intended to give to her. Among the ER staff who came to a remembrance at Ike's bar were Dr. Abby Lockhart, Dr. Archie Morris, Neela Rasgotra, Tony Gates, Sam Taggart, Simon Brenner, Chuny Marquez, Haleh Adams, Malik McGrath, Frank Martin, Paramedic Dumars, and Chaz Pratt- who was shown to be a new ER intern about halfway through Season 15.
During the 15th and final season of "ER," at the end of the episode "The Book of Abby," long-serving nurse Haleh Adams shows the departing Dr. Abby Lockhart a closet wall where all the past doctors and employees have put their locker name tags. Amongst them, the tag "Pratt" can be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="2880685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880685" title="Launchpad (website)">
Launchpad (website)

Launchpad is a web application and website that allows users to develop and maintain software, particularly open-source software. Launchpad is developed and maintained by Canonical Ltd.
On 21 July 2009, the source code was released publicly under the GNU Affero General Public License.
, the launchpad repository hosts more than 30,149 projects. The domain "launchpad.net" attracted 1 million visitors by August 2009 according to a Compete.com survey.
Components.
It has several parts:
A significant but less visible component is Soyuz, "the distribution management portion of Launchpad." Launchpad is currently primarily used in the development of Ubuntu, an operating system. Launchpad uses the FOSS (free/open source) Zope 3 application server.
Users.
Several of Canonical Ltd.'s own projects use Launchpad for development including Ubuntu and Bazaar. Development of Launchpad is itself managed in Launchpad.
Other prominent projects using Launchpad for various aspects of managing their development include:
Transition to Free Software.
Launchpad was initially criticized by the Jem Report and other members of the free software community for not being available under a free license, such as the GNU GPL, despite its aims. In response, the developers stated that they aimed to eventually release it under a free software license, but that it could potentially take years. On 9 July 2007, Canonical Ltd. released "Storm", the first Launchpad component made available under a free software license.
Founder Mark Shuttleworth's response to this criticism was that Launchpad needed paid-programmers to continue the development of the Launchpad platform, and that there would be no point in developing multiple versions of Launchpad due to the probable incompatibility of the forks. However, this still left some members of the open-source movement dissatisfied. On 22 July 2008, Mark Shuttleworth announced at OSCON that the complete source code would be released within the next twelve months.
On 19 December 2008, Canonical Ltd. released the Launchpad component "lazr.config" and "lazr.delegates" under version 3 of the GNU LGPL.
An open API is currently in beta testing, which will allow programs to interact with the website. Calls for an open API to be released were aided by projects like Leonov that resorted to screen scraping to get data from Launchpad.
In December 2008, Canonical announced that the source code to the Launchpad website would be released under a free software license by 21 July 2009. It was also announced that two large components of Launchpad, Soyuz (which is responsible for the build system, package management and Ubuntu package publishing) and Codehosting, would not be released under a free software license. Later, the specific date was changed to a more general timeframe of July/August 2009. However, on 21 July 2009, the software was released under the AGPLv3 (a fully free license specifically for web services), including the two components (Codehosting and Soyuz) that were initially planned to remain proprietary.

</doc>
<doc id="2880690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880690" title="Ahtna, Incorporated">
Ahtna, Incorporated

Ahtna, Incorporated is one of thirteen Alaska Native Regional Corporations created under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971 (ANCSA) in settlement of aboriginal land claims. Ahtna, Incorporated was incorporated in Alaska on June 23, 1972. Headquartered in Glennallen, Alaska, Ahtna is a for-profit corporation with more than 1,700 Alaska Native shareholders primarily of Ahtna Athabaskan descent.
Ahtna, Inc. stewards over of lands granted through land claims under ANCSA finalized between 1971 and 1998. The Ahtna region is located primarily in the Copper River region in the Valdez-Cordova Census Area of Alaska, with a small spillover into the neighboring Denali Borough in the area of Cantwell. Ahtna's total entitlement under ANCSA is .
Officers and Directors.
A current listing of Ahtna, Inc.'s officers and directors, as well as documents filed with the State of Alaska since Ahtna's incorporation, are available online through the Corporations Database of the Division of Corporations, Business & Professional Licensing, Alaska Department of Commerce, Community and Economic Development.
Shareholders.
At incorporation, Ahtna enrolled approximately 1,000 Alaska Natives, each of whom received 100 shares of Ahtna stock. As an ANCSA corporation, Ahtna has no publicly traded stock and its shares cannot legally be sold.
The corporation has over 1,700 shareholders, all of whom are Alaska Natives.
Lands.
Ahtna's total entitlement under ANCSA is , including regional and village entitlements.
Eight villages are contained within the Ahtna region, including Cantwell, Chistochina, Chitina, Gakona, Gulkana, Mentasta, the Native Village of Kluti-Kaah (Copper Center), and Tazlina. Under the terms of ANCSA, of land surrounding the villages were allocated to the village corporations established for those villages. Ahtna, Inc. received bonus selections of about for distribution among the eight villages based upon historic use and subsistence needs.
In 1980, seven of the eight village corporations in the Ahtna region merged with Ahtna. These included the village corporations Yedatene Na Corporation (Cantwell), Cheesh-Na, Incorporated (Chistochina), Gakona Corporation (Gakona), Sta-Keh Corporation (Gulkana), Kluti-Kaah Corporation (Kluti-Kaah in Copper Center), Mentasta, Incorporated (Mentasta), and Tazlina, Incorporated (Tazlina). Ahtna assumed management of the lands of the seven merged corporations; however, under terms of the merger agreement, the former village corporations were permitted to maintain shareholder committees known as Successor Village Organizations (SVO) each of which retains the right to reasonably withhold consent to new development of former village lands.
Chitina Native Corporation (in Chitina) chose not to merge with Ahtna, and retains rights to the surface estate of its lands. Rights to the subsurface estate of its lands are with Ahtna, Inc., per the requirements of ANCSA.
Business enterprises.
Ahtna Netiye', Inc., the holding company of Ahtna, Inc. manages fifteen operating subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned. These subsidiary companies are involved in a number of corporate activities, including civil and vertical construction, environmental remediation, facilities management and support services, government contracting, and oil and gas pipeline maintenance and construction. Ahtna Netiye', Inc. is headquartered in Anchorage, Alaska.
Under federal law, Ahtna and its majority-owned subsidiaries, joint ventures and partnerships are deemed to be a "minority and economically disadvantaged business enterprise" (43 USC 1626(e)).

</doc>
<doc id="2880691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880691" title="Robert Davis (New Orleans)">
Robert Davis (New Orleans)

Robert Davis (born 1941) is a retired elementary school teacher and resident of New Orleans who was detained, arrested, and beaten by four police officers on October 9, 2005 on suspicion of public intoxication. Davis has denied intoxication, but he resisted arrest by failing to allow himself to be handcuffed and was beaten, which was filmed by the members of the Associated Press. A fifth officer was charged with assaulting an Associated Press producer.
Incident.
Davis is an African American and the two officers who beat him (while two others held him down) are white, adding to the controversy. Davis, who was charged with public intoxication, resisting arrest, battery, and public intimidation, pled not guilty on October 12, 2005. The officers have also been charged with battery and were accused of using extreme force. Regarding the charge of public intoxication, Davis said, "I haven't had a drink in 25 years."
Davis said he returned to view and possibly rebuild his family's six properties that were destroyed by Hurricane Katrina. He went out during the night to buy cigarettes in the French Quarter and asked a mounted officer when a curfew would go into effect that night.
"This other guy interfered and I said he shouldn't. I started to cross the street and... bam... I got it. ... All I know is this guy attacked me and said, 'I will kick your ass,' and they proceeded to do it."<br>- Robert Davis
As Davis was arrested, Associated Press producer Rich Matthews was jabbed in the stomach and shoved into a police cruiser by a third officer who shouted, "I've been here for six weeks trying to keep fucking alive. Fucking go home."
Aftermath.
Officers Lance Schilling, Robert Evangelist, and Stuart Smith were released on bond after appearing before a judge to make their not guilty pleas.
The police union and a lawyer for the accused officers challenge Davis' version of the events. According to their account, a drunken Davis walked into a police horse while asking about the curfew, and belligerently resisted officers who confronted him. Davis' mugshot shows stitches beneath his left eye and a bandaged left hand, and sustained injuries. On October 12, 2005, Davis revisited the site saying, "Is that my blood? It must be. I didn't know I was bleeding that bad."
The policemen's trial was set for January 11, 2006. Davis' trial began on January 18. The police chief in charge of the investigation, Warren Riley, is also an African American and claimed that he did not believe race was an issue in the beating. Charges against Davis were dropped in April 2006.
Stuart Smith was the officer charged with assaulting the AP producer, he was suspended for 120 days, while Robert Evangelist and Lance Schilling were fired for their participation in the beating. Two of the men involved in the incident were not New Orleans police officers, but federal agents, who were not indicted by their parent agency for their involvement.
Lance Schilling was found dead on June 10, 2007, from a "gunshot wound to the roof of the mouth" that was apparently self-inflicted.
On July 24, 2007, Officer Robert Evangelist was cleared of all charges by Judge Frank Marullo, who was later quoted in reference to the trial, "I didn't even find this a close call." The deciding factor was the video evidence that showed Davis struggling for several minutes while police tried to detain him. "This event could have ended at any time if the man had put his hands behind his back," the judge concluded.

</doc>
<doc id="2880703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880703" title="Neela Rasgotra">
Neela Rasgotra

Dr. Neela Rasgotra (former married name Gallant) is a fictional character portrayed by Parminder Nagra on the television show "ER". Following the departure of Goran Visnjic, Maura Tierney, and Mekhi Phifer this left Nagra as the longest term cast member on ER. Parminder Nagra's addition into the main cast opening credits was in the 3rd episode of season 10. The character was listed in Wetpaint's "10 Hottest Female Doctors on TV" and in BuzzFeed's "16 Hottest Doctors On Television".
Beginnings.
Neela Kaur Rasgotra first appeared in fall 2003 at the start of the 10th season as a talented but very reticent medical student from Southall, London, of Punjabi Sikh heritage.
She arrives on her first day as the ER is undergoing major renovations and is for the most part unnoticed, except by Dr. Michael Gallant, who guides her through the rough start in the hospital, and Dr. Greg Pratt, who flirts a little bit with her. Neela is very intelligent but sometimes stumbles in her doctor–patient communications skills. This proves disastrous when she informs the wrong woman of her grandson's death.
A very reserved individual, she faces her first big crisis at County when a helicopter crash occurs on Thanksgiving Day, killing Dr. Robert Romano and pushing her and everyone else there to their limits. Nevertheless, she does her job superbly. It is also revealed that Neela had a terrible case of claustrophobia, which she later conquers by gutting out a hyperbaric chamber session that helped save a baby's life (due to the baby having severe carbon monoxide poisoning).
At the end of Season 10, Neela and Abby Lockhart both graduate from medical school. However, upon graduating, Neela has an identity crisis and turns down an internship at the University of Michigan, opting to work as a store clerk when no other position turns up.
After a few episodes, she asks the ER chief Dr. Kerry Weaver for a job back at County. Later, she finds herself back in the hospital after an obsessive-compulsive intern (Howard, portrayed by Andy Powers) quit and Susan Lewis makes her a job offer, which she accepts.
Neela's birthday is April 17, 1977.
Personal life.
She becomes close to Dr. Michael Gallant prior to his deployment to Iraq, especially after he took the blame of a patient's accidental death, sparing Neela's probable dismissal. During one return visit, they begin a romantic relationship, after which they maintain a regular correspondence. On completion of his tour of duty, they impulsively marry, but he soon feels compelled to return to Iraq and re-enlists. At this point, Neela was also struggling with her feelings for roommate Ray Barnett, who began to fall in love with her. Neela kept her distance from Ray when she decided to move in with Abby Lockhart instead. Abby and Neela remain best friends through the series; during medical school, Neela would help Abby study and Abby would help Neela with her communication problems.
In "The Gallant Hero & The Tragic Victor", Neela becomes a widow when Gallant is killed by a roadside bomb near Mosul. She pushes Ray and everyone else away when they try to offer her some comfort. In "Twenty-One Guns" (the 12th season finale), Michael's funeral takes place, where she is accompanied by Gregory Pratt. She gets angry at Michael's father, accusing him of telling Michael to go off to war when he could have stopped him, but Pratt offers her some comfort when he says that Gallant felt he had to be in Iraq, and that Pratt now understands this due to his own experiences in Darfur. Pratt later receives a phone call from the ER; both are unaware of the shootings which have taken place there.
In "Bloodline", Neela and Pratt rush to the hospital when they find out about the shooting and help the distraught ER. Neela, then taking a surgical elective, scrubs in and operates on Jerry, who eventually recovers from his injuries. Neela reunites with paramedic Tony Gates (from "Two Ships", season 12). Still mourning her husband, she gets drunk and kisses him but she apologizes to him later on. Many feelings and tension arise between her, Gates and Barnett in an uncomfortable love triangle. Chief of Surgery Dr. Dubenko has always been fond of Neela and her talents, looking out for her and helping her get the spot in a surgical elective. She later decides to leave the ER and start over as a surgical intern. As she begins her new surgical rotation, she falls under the strict supervision of new surgical Chief Resident Dr. Dustin Crenshaw, who seems to hold her back from demonstrating her skills. Later in her elective, Neela feels pushed away and neglected from her mentor when a new med student steals all the spotlight in front of Dr. Dubenko. She later discovers that Dr. Dubenko holds feelings for her as does the (female) new med student.
During the wedding of Abby and Luka, Neela decides to end her romantic relationships with Tony and Ray for good, after built-up emotions escalate and lead to a bar fight between the guys that exposed their personal issues in front of the entire ER staff. The fight got Ray tossed out of the reception party, however Neela appeared to be in the process of settling with Ray. She called him on his cell after looking affectionately at the CD of love songs he burned for her. Initially Ray, while leaving drunk from a bar, did not answer his cell despite its vibrating. She was still upset at Ray, as well as Tony, but grew concerned when Ray wouldn't answer his calls and did not show up at work. Neela went by his apartment with no luck and later discovered he was hit by a truck and was hospitalized. With both legs amputated, a bitter Ray could not forgive Neela for hurting him and left Chicago to be cared for by his mother back home, and Ray's love interest Katey blamed Neela for Ray's injuries. This further upsets Neela who has been torn apart by the two men. In the 13th season finale, Neela attends an anti-war rally and soon finds herself in danger as a mass panic ensues in the crowd. Tony who was looking for her tries to come to her aid as the crowd tramples her.
In the early part of season 14, she recovers from her accident and stays with Abby while Luka is away in Croatia. She also babysits Joe while Abby is at work. When Neela returns to work, Gates inquires about Ray and we learn that Ray has been writing to Neela. Katey and Neela have another altercation when Katey argues with Neela's directions during a trauma, but Katey ends up looking stupid as Neela's decisions save the patient's life. Neela then tells Katey she's finished taking Katey's anger about Ray's accident and Neela tells her that she will not take the blame for what happened to Ray because "I didn't make him get piss-drunk and wander in front of a truck". She also reveals that Ray himself doesn't blame her for the accident. Some months later, Neela and Abby engage in an argument after Neela finds out that Abby is an alcoholic. During the heated exchange, Abby says that Neela should not be lecturing her on love because Ray is probably wishing he never met Neela. While Neela does not directly address her feelings about Ray, from the hurt on her face it is evident that she is still not completely over what happened to him. Neela gets very upset after Abby's comments and kicks her out of the apartment. Abby and Neela make up some time later after Abby returns from rehab.
After doing an orthopedic surgery rotation where it became obvious all the surgical departments wanted her on their teams for the long haul, she returns to working for Dr. Dubenko. However, Neela has faced some professional and personal setbacks since that return: a wiz-kid surgical resident decided surgery wasn't for him and left for Pediatrics despite her efforts to convince him he could be a successful surgeon; she noted her sparse personal life on her birthday (which nobody but Tony Gates remembered); and she became close to a patient played by Aida Turturro who developed an infection that led to her death, sending Neela into the doldrums once again.
Season 15.
With Abby's departure, Neela is the lead character of the final season.
In the Season 15 episode, "The Book of Abby," Neela's long-time friend and colleague, Abby Lockhart, resigned and left the ER for a new job in Boston. Neela, while happy for her friend's new start, told Abby that she wished she had known about this sooner and that she couldn't imagine working in the hospital without Abby. Separated by a glass window while operating in the OR, Neela told a departing Abby to "be good," after which Abby smiled and walked away.
Abby's departure leaves Neela Rasgotra as the most senior regular character on ER, followed by Archie Morris and Sam Taggart, respectively.
Into Season 15, Ray Barnett re-entered Neela's life just at the right time. After the death of her friend Greg Pratt and the departure of her best friend Abby a few weeks later, Ray returns right "when she needs that friend and possibly that romance back." Ray surprises Neela by showing up to County in a Frankenstein outfit during Halloween and revealed on his one-day return to Chicago that he has endured months of rehab, during which he was fitted with new cutting edge prosthetics and is walking on his own. His presence clearly has a huge impact on Neela, and she invites him to spend the night with her, but he declines by saying he has finally reached a good place in his life and doesn't want to mess that up. It is later revealed that Neela had planned to visit Ray for Thanksgiving in Louisiana but canceled the trip after learning Ray had begun dating a woman from Georgia.
Neela has had a difficult time dealing with Andrew Wade, a young surgical intern who she feels is too passive to be a successful surgeon. When a surgical patient implies she is having rectal bleeding, Andrew is too intimidated to get the information to Neela, and the patient later bleeds to death. Andrew blames himself and Neela is critical of him for not telling her the earlier information. She later tells Dr. Dubenko she doesn't want to work with Andrew anymore, and Andrew gets transferred to a less-important surgical rotation. Neela then gets mad at Andrew because she's getting sued by the dead patient's family after Andrew confessed his mistake to them. But Neela later works with Andrew on a complicated procedure that saves a patient's eye, and when she is grudging about having to teach Andrew, Dr. Dubenko angrily tells her that if that's her attitude then she needs to pack her stuff up and leave County. Chastened, Neela later tells Andrew he did a great job and that she understands his motives in talking to the patient's family. The lawsuit is later dropped and Neela reconciles herself to having a work-only relationship with the close-knit group of interns.
Later in Season 15 in "Dream Runner" she has a chance to catch with her old colleague Dr. Elizabeth Corday during an attending interview and became involved romantically with Simon Brenner after he returned from Australia. However, in the episode 'Love is a Battlefield,' Brenner is again shown coming home from Australia, signaling to the audience that Neela's involvement with Brenner in the previous episode was just part of the re-occurring dream she was having throughout the show.
In “Love is a Battlefield,” Neela is seen skillfully avoiding Simon Brenner, brushing him off in obvious awkwardness, due to her dreams of him in the prior episode, as he tells her that he called her the second he got back in from Australia to go out to dinner and catch up, even telling her that he had a gift for her. At the end of the episode, she runs away from him, only to have him catch up to her on the busy sidewalk. She admits to him that she likes him and she wants to be with him, and then telling him that he can "gloat now" – throwing back to his speech in episode "Parental Guidance" where he says that "he predicted it." He smiles and kisses her, saying that he'd 'rather do something else,' obviously showing the beginning of their relationship.
In "The Family Man," Neela is in a pre-coital position with Simon in her apartment while her phone rings. He urges her not to take it, but she does, and finds that Duke wants her to meet with the Head of Surgery. Though she claimed that she only met with Duke to ‘get Dubenko off her case,’ she is now seriously considering taking them up on their offer. Simon is obviously disappointed, but acts happy for her.
During the Valentine’s episode of the Season, "The Beginning of the End," Simon and Neela are revealing their most romantic Valentine’s celebrations: Her most romantic one was at fifteen and her boyfriend bought her a plastic tiara, and took her out, telling her that she deserved to be treated like a queen. Simon agrees fully. He suggests that they take a trip together. While at the hospital, she receives a CD in the mail from her old flame, Ray Barnett; it holds a poignant love song by Pete Yorn. She sees her old attending, John Carter who notes that the "grasshopper is now the teacher." Later in the episode she is left a map with a heart-stickered destination on it from Simon Brenner. She shows up at a balcony overlooking the Chicago River. She sees him down below and he runs up to her, calling out in Italian. He reaches her and hands her Italy pamphlets, telling her that they are at the closest thing to a canal right now, but it will change. Simon tells her that he wants them to take a week off in April and take her to Venice. She smiles and says that it definitely constitutes as a romantic gesture. He responds saying that that was nothing and it was just the beginning, surely foreshadowing things to come. They enjoy the moment with each other, leading to her new favorite Valentine’s celebration.
Neela learns from Morris about Simon's childhood and is upset he never mentioned it to her. In recent weeks Simon hasn't been around as much and always evades questions about his childhood. Eventually they get into a fight and she tells him that there are better people for both of them out there. This signifies that Neela has broken up with Simon.
During a trip to Seattle to deliver some donated organs, Neela and Sam briefly meet Carol Hathaway and Dr. Doug Ross, learning that the pair worked at County General in the past.
Neela last appeared as a regular in episode 20 of season 15, "Shifting Equilibrium," in which she leaves County General for good after talking with Simon and Abby (via phone). She is shown arriving at Le Chatelier Medical Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where she goes to a physical rehab center where Ray Barnett is shown helping patients. There, she and Ray reunite, with Neela looking like she finally felt she made the right decision after struggling with her fear of making the wrong choices in life.
In the following episode "I Feel Good" she makes a cameo appearance via webcam, calling from her new workplace with Ray. He mentions that he brought some of Neela's things from home into her office at work, signifying that they are living together.
In the series finale "And In the End...," Neela makes a cameo, again appearing on webcam at Frank's admit desk, talking to Brenner, Morris, and Carter about her new life in Baton Rouge. This time Brenner seems more comfortable with Neela's physical absence.

</doc>
<doc id="2880705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880705" title="Anne Beatts">
Anne Beatts

Anne Beatts is an American comedy writer.
Early life.
Born to parents Beatts describes as "beatniks", Beatts grew to have what has been called an "aggressive, dark sensibility" which she later put to use in the world of comedy. Growing up in Somers, New York she later attended McGill University.
It was at McGill University where the Beatts discovered the darkly tragic humor of Jewish writers J. D. Salinger, Philip Roth, and Bruce Jay Friedman. At this time, Beatts converted to Judaism.
National Lampoon.
After graduating from college, Beatts joined "National Lampoon" magazine, a national offshoot of the "Harvard Lampoon". She brought her dark sense of humor to her work, and co-wrote a parody advertisement for Volkswagen with Philip Socci for which the magazine was later sued by the car company. The advertisement stated, "If Ted Kennedy drove a Volkswagen, he'd be President today." This was accompanied by a photograph of a VW Beetle floating on a lake (an allusion to Kennedy's Chappaquiddick incident).
Beatts became the first female editor of the "National Lampoon" magazine where she worked with Michael O'Donoghue. Beatts and O'Donoghue became romantically involved and both soon joined up with "Saturday Night Live" in the early years of the program.
Television.
Beatts is regarded as something of a pioneer in TV and comedy circles, as an early female comedy writer and one of the very few female writers working in the "National Lampoon"/"SNL" comedy scene of the 1970s. At "SNL" she was nominated for an Emmy five times, winning once. She later won a Writer's Guild Award in 2001. She created the cult hit 1982 CBS series "Square Pegs" and appeared in several episodes (she also did uncredited acting work on the early "SNL"), and while the series lasted only one season it has been frequently rerun since and several of the cast members (most notably Sarah Jessica Parker) have gone on to greater fame.
Since "Square Pegs", Beatts wrote the book for the 1985 Ellie Greenwich jukebox musical "Leader of the Pack" and produced the first season of "A Different World" in 1987-1988 and since then has gradually dropped out of sight, writing for television very rarely. Her most recent TV credit was the 56th Annual Writers Guild Awards in 2004. In 2006, she directed the series "John Waters Presents Movies That Will Corrupt You" with her writing and producing partner, Eve Brandstein for B-Girls Productions.
Beatts is currently serving as one of the judges for the comedy competition Project Breakout.
Beatts serves as Adjunct Professor in the Writing Division at the University of Southern California's School of Cinematic Arts, as well as at Chapman University's Dodge College of Film and Media Arts. She also gives private lessons on writing sketch comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="2880715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880715" title="Randolph Lycett">
Randolph Lycett

Randolph Lycett (27 August 1886, Birmingham – 9 February 1935, Jersey) was an amateur tennis player primarily known for his success in doubles, winning 5 men's doubles and 3 mixed doubles slams. He was also the runner-up at the 1922 Wimbledon men's singles.
Lycett was recognised as one of the dominant players in men's doubles. He was the champion at both the Australasian Championships and Wimbledon multiple times. In April 1924 he won the singles title at the inaugural British Hard Court Championships in Torquay defeating Christiaan van Lennep in the final in four sets. He played in three ties for the British Davis Cup team in 1921 and 1923 and compiled a record of 6 wins and 3 losses.
His cousin was the operatic soprano Miriam Licette.

</doc>
<doc id="2880717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880717" title="Joey Devine">
Joey Devine

Joseph Neal "Joey" Devine (born September 19, 1983) is an American professional baseball pitcher. He is currently a free agent.
Baseball career.
Atlanta Braves.
Devine was the Braves' first selection (27th overall) in the first round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft out of North Carolina State University, where he had set the Wolfpack record for saves with 24. After being drafted, Devine spent only two months in the minor leagues, pitching with the Single-A Advanced Myrtle Beach Pelicans and the Double-A Mississippi Braves, before being called up to the major leagues on August 20.
Devine encountered early struggles once being called up to the major leagues, becoming the first pitcher in major league history to allow a grand slam in each of his first two games. Braves manager Bobby Cox showed faith in Devine, however, by including him on the postseason roster despite his pitching only five innings with the big-league club during the regular season. In the 18th inning of Game 4 of the 2005 National League Division Series, Devine gave up a walk-off home run to Houston Astros rookie Chris Burke to end the Braves' season.
In , Atlanta planned to have Devine start the season at Triple-A Richmond as the closer, but injuries to Horacio Ramírez and Blaine Boyer forced the Braves to call him up along with fellow reliever Ken Ray. Devine struggled once again, however, pitching a total of one inning in two games against the San Francisco Giants and giving up seven runs on five hits, five walks, and two wild pitches. Devine was optioned back to Richmond afterwards, with Peter Moylan serving as his replacement in Atlanta's bullpen. Devine was called up again in September and continued to pitch in Atlanta until the end of the regular season. "Baseball America" rated Devine as the Braves' ninth-best prospect entering . Devine spent the majority of the 2007 season at Mississippi, though he was called up by Atlanta several times. On September 22, Devine earned his first major league victory against the Milwaukee Brewers. He finished the 2007 season 1-1 with a 1.08 ERA.
Oakland Athletics.
On January 14, , Devine was traded to the Oakland Athletics along with minor league pitcher Jamie Richmond for center fielder Mark Kotsay. Devine had a breakout season with the Athletics in ; in 45 innings, Devine gave up just 23 hits, walked only 15, struck out 49, held major-league batters to a .148 BA, and finished with a remarkable 0.59 ERA; the lowest ever in MLB history among pitchers with a minimum of 45 innings since ERA became an official statistic in . This record is not officially recognized because the MLB minimum is 50 innings.
Devine missed the 2009 season following Tommy John surgery on his right elbow. The operation was performed Tuesday, April 21, 2009 by Dr. James Andrews on Devine’s ulnar collateral ligament. On December 2, 2009, Devine, avoided arbitration and agreed to a 1-year contract with the Oakland Athletics.
Devine remained inactive through the 2010 season while still recovering from the surgery. He finally returned to action in 2011. However, after struggling to find control in a flukish spring training game, Joey Devine was sent down to the A's Minor League Sacramento River Cats to work out the kinks. He instantly regained his 2008 form and commenced to not allow a single earned run over his first 12 innings, striking out a solid 17, giving up only 4 hits, and walking a mere one batter. He was recalled to the Oakland A's Major League Roster on May, 20th 2011.
Devines' longest streak of innings without yielding an earned run (33.2 innings) was broken on June, 3 2011, due to inherited runs acquired through reliever Brian Fuentes.
After pitching relatively well after his return to the MLB roster in 2011, Devine struggled in late July during his last three outings of that month (Devine attributed control issues to heat and lack of grip during a heat wave in which temps. were over 100F). On July 22, 2011, he walked three consecutive Yankees, throwing a wild pitch behind Brandon Laird to initiate the latter's debut major-league at-bat. His control issues lead to his being demoted back to Sacramento River Cats on July 28, 2011, despite the fact that many of the earned runs he had acquired to that point were inherited after he stepped off the mound. Prior to his last three outings, Devine was one of the leading pitchers on Oakland's MLB pitching staff statistically: 2.14 ERA and declining, over 9K/9 innings, and high octane pitch speeds of up to 97 MPH, with additional nasty off speed pitch movement in his slider, low hits/outs ratio, hitters average under .200, no homers allowed, and an average walk rate.
Joey Devine has still not allowed a MLB Home run in 83 innings (341 batters). The last home run off Devine was earned while pitching for the Braves on April 7, 2006.
It was announced on April 10, 2012 that Devine would have his second career Tommy John Surgery. Devine was placed on the disabled list for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2880724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880724" title="Piura Province">
Piura Province

Piura is a landlocked province in the Piura Region in northwestern Peru. Its capital, the city of Piura, is also the regional capital. The province is the most populous in the region as well as its center of economic activity.
Political division.
The Piura Province is divided into nine districts (, singular: ), each of which is headed by a mayor ("alcalde"). The districts, with their capitals in parenthesis, are:

</doc>
<doc id="2880727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880727" title="Robert John Stewart">
Robert John Stewart

Robert John "R J" Stewart (1949-) is a Scottish-born composer, author, and teacher. He has written over 40 books on occultism, Ceremonial magic and Celtic mythology. His books include a series on the underworld and faery traditions.
From 1980 to 1988, Stewart wrote two books about Merlin, translating and exploring medieval texts on the topic (now published in one volume as "Merlin: the Prophetic Vision and Mystic Life", by Penguin Arkana). He also created the "Merlin Tarot", (Harper Collins) comprising a book and a deck of cards (painted by Miranda Gray) depicting scenes from ancient Merlin texts. This deck and book have been translated into Japanese, French, Italian, and German.
From 1988 to the present, R J Stewart has taught workshops and classes on Celtic and Classical mythological traditions, music and consciousness. In 1993, he co-wrote "Celtic Bards, Celtic Druids", (Published by Cassell, Blandford Press) with harper and storyteller Robin Williamson, founder of The Incredible String Band. 
R J Stewart is one of the very few people openly teaching the Faery (Fairy) Tradition which he has explored in the books: Living World of Faery, Earthlight, Power within the Land and the Well of Light.
This later book has great relevance for the increasingly important practice of "Earth Healing" which has great relevance in our modern-day crisis.
As folk musician “Bob Stewart”, he made famous a folk instrument of his own design referred to on his albums as a ‘concert psaltery’. The instrument is similar to a zither, and has groups of strings laid out left to right, in triad chord groups rather than as chromatic scales. Although this can make the instrument difficult to play at speed, complex chord progressions can be easily interwoven around a basic melody.
Discography.
The following tapes(originally distributed in the UK) are not currently available but will come into US distribution later this year:

</doc>
<doc id="2880732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880732" title="List of Buddha claimants">
List of Buddha claimants

The people described below have claimed to have attained enlightenment and become buddhas, claimed to be manifestations of bodhisattvas, identified themselves as Gautama Buddha or been honored as buddhas or bodhisattvas.

</doc>
<doc id="2880738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880738" title="The Crusaders (repeal of alcohol prohibition)">
The Crusaders (repeal of alcohol prohibition)

The Crusaders was an organization founded to promote the repeal of prohibition in the United States. Prominent Crusaders included Alfred Sloan, Jr., Sewell Avery, Cleveland Dodge, and Wallage Alexander.
The organization was founded in May 1929 as a local Cleveland group under the leadership of Fred G. Clark, who later said they were motivated by the St. Valentine's Day Massacre in Chicago, an outbreak of violence between rival bootleggers. At the start of 1930, the organization decided to organize young men nationwide. They eventually claimed membership of one million, though the claim is dubious. The organization had serious financial problems by the fall of 1931 and was never significant nationally. In Michigan, it drew its membership largely from the ranks of young, male Republicans and worked to elect "wet" Republicans to offices at all levels of government. One account of the organization by a proponent of prohibition said its membership was made up of the sons of members of the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment.
The Crusaders published a magazine called "The Hot Potato", the name of which was meant to describe how prohibition was a political issue that politicians could not handle. The organization endorsed no candidate in the presidential election of 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="2880739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880739" title="All or none">
All or none

All or none (AON) is a finance term used in investment banking or securities transactions that refers to "an order to buy or sell a stock that must be executed in its entirety, or not executed at all". Partial execution is not acceptable; the order will execute "only if there are enough shares available in a single transaction to cover it".
An all-or-none clause in an underwriting contract or investment prospectus gives a securities issuer the right to cancel an issue in its entirety if the underwriting is not fully subscribed.
AON orders are similar to fill or kill (FOK) orders, but the former focuses on "complete vs. partial fulfillment", whereas the latter hinges on the immediacy of the transaction.
Example.
If you place an AON order requesting 100 shares of JKL Co. at $2, your stockbroker will not fill that order unless s/he can obtain the entire 100 shares at $2; if JKL Co. shares are in such high demand that there are only 50 shares available for purchase, then you must wait until the entirety of your order, 100 shares, is available for purchase.
Disadvantages.
Price inflation is the main disadvantage of AON orders. The Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), for example, announced in July 2012 that as of September 2012, it would no longer accept AON orders.
Continuing with the previous example, let's say that three months later, your broker informs you that all 100 shares of JKL Co. are now available for purchase, but the stock price doubled from $2 to $4. Since you did not cancel this AON order, you are then forced to buy all the 100 shares of JKL Co. at double the price you intended.

</doc>
<doc id="2880752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880752" title="Stefanie Zweig">
Stefanie Zweig

Stefanie Zweig (19 September 1932 – 25 April 2014) was a German Jewish writer and journalist. She is best known for her autobiographical novel, "Nirgendwo in Afrika" ["Nowhere in Africa"] (1995), which was a bestseller in Germany. The novel is based on her early life in Kenya, where her family had fled to escape persecution in Nazi Germany. The film adaptation of the novel (2002) won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. Her books have sold more than seven million copies, and have been translated into fifteen languages.
Background and career in journalism.
Zweig was born in Leobschütz, Germany (now Głubczyce, Poland). Her parents and she, being Jewish, fled to Africa in 1938 to escape persecution in Nazi Germany. They went from a prosperous urban life in Breslau (now Wrocław) to a poor farm in Kenya; Zweig was five years old. Paul Vitello writes in his obituary that, "The parents endured grinding work and bouts of depression. Stefanie, who had been withdrawn, blossomed into a venturesome, Swahili-speaking teenager." In 1941, the family received a postcard from Zweig's grandmother saying, "We are very excited, we are going to Poland tomorrow". Zweig's father explained that the grandmother was being sent to the Auschwitz concentration camp, which was operated by the German occupiers of Poland. She and many others were murdered there. Zweig attended an English boarding school while in Kenya, which was a British colony at the time. Zweig's father became a British soldier during World War II (1939–1945), when Britain was fighting Germany and the other Axis powers, but in 1947 he took his wife, daughter and infant son back to Germany.
The family's original home had been in Upper Silesia, which was in the east of prewar Germany. After the war, most of the region became part of Poland and the German residents had to move. Zweig's father had been offered a position as a judge in Frankfurt in western Germany. His appointment was part of the "denazification" of the judicial system in postwar Germany; only Germans without connections to the Nazi party could serve as judges. Zweig was enrolled in the Schiller School in Frankfurt. Having become primarily an English speaker in Kenya, she needed to relearn German. She later wrote, "Learning German so that I could read and write and get rid of my English accent took me a couple of months; the assessment as to which is my mother-language is still going on. I count in English, adore "Alice in Wonderland", am best friends with Winnie-the-Pooh and I am still hunting for the humour in German jokes."
After her graduation from the Schiller School in 1953, Zweig started a career as a journalist. She worked for a time as an intern and then an editor for the Offenbach section of "Abendpost", a tabloid newspaper which served the Frankfurt region. From 1959–1988 Zweig worked in Frankfurt for "Abendpost" and its successor "Abendpost/Nachtausgabe" ["Evening Post/Night Edition"]j. She directed the arts section ("Feuilleton") from 1963. "Abendpost/Nachtausgabe" folded in 1988, after which Zweig became a freelance journalist and writer. Hans Riebsamen wrote in 2012 that "In retrospect, both Zweig and her readership can be happy that "Abendpost/Nachtausgabe" folded in 1988."
Literary career.
While working for "Abendpost", Zweig wrote a number of children's books, commencing with "Eltern sind auch Menschen" ["Parents are people too"] (1978). Her first African novel was the novel for young adults "Ein Mundvoll Erde" ["A Mouthful of Earth"] (1980). It describes an infatuation with a Kĩkũyũ boy; the book won several awards, including the Glass Globe of the Royal Dutch Geographical Society.
Zweig explained in an interview that the success of "Ein Mundvoll Erde" encouraged her to write her first novel for adults. She said, "I thought to myself, 'You really are a fool to waste all your life in a children's book, why don't you tell the true story?'." "Nirgendwo in Afrika" ["Nowhere in Africa"] appeared in 1995. She described it simply as "the story of a courageous father who taught his daughter not to hate." It recounts the story of her family's life in Kenya from their arrival in 1938 until their return to Germany in 1947. The book was a bestseller in Germany, and launched a writing career that extended over another dozen novels. The life of Zweig's family in Germany from their return in 1947 until the death of her father from heart failure in 1958 is recounted in her second autobiographical novel "Irgendwo in Deutschland" ["Somewhere in Germany"] (1996). She later published the "Rothschildallee" series of four novels that appeared from 2007 to 2011; Zweig's family home in Frankfurt had long been on this street. In 2012 she published her memoir, "Nirgendwo war Heimat: Mein Leben auf zwei Kontinenten" ["Nowhere was Home: My Life on Two Continents"].
In all Zweig's books have sold over seven million copies and have been translated into fifteen languages. The 2002 film adaptation of "Nirgendwo in Afrika" was written and directed by Caroline Link. It won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, the German Film Award for Best Feature Film, and several other prizes. While the film attracted international attention to Zweig, she was not directly involved in its making. Marlies Comjean has translated two of her novels, which appear in English as "Nowhere in Africa" and "Somewhere in Germany"; see the bibliography below. In addition to these books, Zweig had continued her work as a journalist, and up to 2013 was writing a column "My World" ("Meine Welt") for the newspaper "Frankfurter Neue Presse".
Zweig died on 25 April 2014 after a short illness. Her partner Wolfgang Häfele predeceased her in 2013. She had chosen to be buried in the "Neuen Jüdischen Friedhof" [New Jewish Cemetery] in Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="2880770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880770" title="Black Sunday (novel)">
Black Sunday (novel)

Black Sunday is a 1975 novel by Thomas Harris. 
It was the first novel by Harris, and achieved only moderate success until it was sold to Hollywood. The novel is a thriller about a plot by terrorists to commit mass murder during the Super Bowl in New Orleans, and law enforcement efforts to stop them. Harris wrote the novel after watching the 1972 Munich Olympics hostage crisis where Palestinian terrorists took Israeli athletes hostage and murdered them.
Harris went on to write the Hannibal Lecter series.
Plot.
Michael Lander is a pilot who flies the Aldrich Blimp over NFL football games to film them for network television. He is also, secretly, deranged by years of torture as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, a bitter court martial on his return and a failed marriage. He longs to commit suicide and to take with him as many as possible of the cheerful, carefree American civilians he sees from his blimp each weekend.
Lander conspires with Dahlia Iyad, an operative from the Palestinian terrorist group Black September, to launch a suicide attack using a bomb composed of plastique and a quarter million steel darts, housed on the underside of the gondola of the Aldrich Blimp, which they will detonate over Tulane Stadium during a Super Bowl between the Miami Dolphins and the Washington Redskins. Dahlia and Black September, in turn, intend the attack as a wake-up call for the American people, to turn their attention and the world's to the plight of the Palestinians.
American and Israeli intelligence, led by Mossad agent David Kabakov and FBI agent Sam Corley, race to prevent the catastrophe. They piece together the path of the explosives into the country, and Dahlia's own movements.
In a spectacular conclusion, the bomb-carrying blimp is chased by helicopters as it approaches the packed stadium.
Film adaptation.
In 1977, a film was made based on the novel starring Robert Shaw and Bruce Dern and directed by John Frankenheimer.

</doc>
<doc id="2880785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880785" title="The Crimea (band)">
The Crimea (band)

The Crimea were a British indie band, based in Camden, London. The band were featured in John Peel's Festive Fifty, ranking higher than bands such as The White Stripes and all eleven of the initial album demos were played on his show. The Guardian has described The Crimea's songs as "mini-epics" that reduce frontman Davey MacManus to "spasms of jerking anguish". On 2 July 2013 they announced via their official Twitter account that they were calling time on their 11-years as a band and that their gig at the Jazz Café in London on 30 July 2013 would be their last.
History.
In 1998 The Crocketts, signied to UK label V2 and releasing two albums; however, in late 2001, the band were dropped from the label's roster as part of a 'rationalisation' plan. Following this setback, Davey MacManus and Owen Hopkin formed The Crimea.
Their song "Lottery Winners On Acid" was played frequently by John Peel in 2002. They recorded a Peel session on 16 January 2003.
The Crimea were signed to Warner Bros Records following a showcase at the 2004 SXSW Festival in Texas. Their debut album, "Tragedy Rocks", was released in 2005, with the first single from the album, "Lottery Winners On Acid", released on 9 January 2006; it entered the UK singles chart at No. 31 and became the first of three singles to appear as Single of the Week on what was then the show hosted by both Colin Murray and Edith Bowman on BBC Radio 1. In support of The Crimea's second single, "White Russian Galaxy", the band then performed on Top of the Pops. 
Due to poor album sales Warner Bros dropped The Crimea in late 2006. Displaying remarkable tenacity, the band continued to write new material and in April 2007 released "Secrets of the Witching Hour" as a free download from the band's website; a CD was also available, with artwork by Joe Udwin, the band's bassist, in collaboration with London-based, visual artist Tersha Willis. The band received a lot of support from Radio 1 DJ, Colin Murray, who gave the Crimea airtime on his nightly show by playing one track from the album each week and advocating downloading the album. The band hoped to tour substantially off the back of the new record.
The Crimea have toured with artists including Regina Spektor, Billy Corgan, Kings Of Leon, Travis, Primal Scream, Stereophonics and Ash. During December 2006 the band played three dates in support of Snow Patrol on their UK arena tour ending at Wembley Arena. In May they also supported Modest Mouse on their short UK tour. In late 2007 the band supported Stereophonics on their UK tour.
In early 2008 their single "Loop a Loop" featured in a television advert for Trident gum.
Davey MacManus is the brother of Radio 1 DJ Annie Mac, who appears as backing vocals on their two records.
"Secrets of The Witching Hour".
From 30 April 2007, "Secrets of the Witching Hour" was available for free download at The Crimea's website; the original release date was set for 13 May 2007. As of 20th February 2013, the album has been downloaded 118,450 times. 
At midnight on 13 May 2007 the band performed an acoustic gig at the summit of Primrose Hill to celebrate the release of the album.
Several of the songs on the CD version of the album feature spoken introductions by Regina Spektor.
The free online version contains spoken interludes by Tywanna-Jo Baskette, a singer and songwriter from Oxford, Mississippi, US.
"Square Moon".
The Crimea's third studio album was released on 29 July 2013 as a double album containing 22 songs, jointly by Alcopop and Lazy Acre Records.
In an interview with: "God is in the TV", singer Davey MacManus spoke of his plan to go to Dieplsoot, a slum in South Africa to start a children's home. He has completed a nursing degree, and when volunteering in a clinic at a day centre for abused, sexually abused orphaned HIV and TB kids in 2012, he felt compelled to return and try to open a children's home, in order to protect the more at risk and sicker children he encountered.
Sources.
http://www.godisinthetvzine.co.uk/2013/06/12/interview-the-crimea/
http://louderthanwar.com/the-crimea-square-moon-album-review/
http://www.musicomh.com/reviews/albums/the-crimea-square-moon

</doc>
<doc id="2880787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880787" title="Norteño (band)">
Norteño (band)

Norteño is a self-proclaimed "Tango nuevo quintet" from the Ottawa, Ontario area. It was started by Pierre-Paul Provencher and Laurie Rosewarne in 1993. It consists of Provencher (bandoneon), Rosewarne (piano), Sylvie Rocheleau (violin), Garry Elliott (electric guitar), and Nicolas Tremblay (double-bass).
Norteño plays a lot of music by Ástor Piazzolla, as well as some of Provencher's and Elliot's compositions in his style: tango nuevo, which is a fusion of tango and jazz. They have released one album entitled "Milonga d'automne".
Norteño has performed at the Montreal International Jazz Festival in 1996, as well as some concerts at the National Arts Centre in Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="2880789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880789" title="Luis Alicea">
Luis Alicea

Luis René Alicea de Jesús (born July 29, 1965 in Santurce, Puerto Rico) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman. 
Alicea played for the Kansas City Royals, Texas Rangers, Anaheim Angels, St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox. He played college baseball for the Florida State University Seminoles with his brother Edwin under head coach Mike Martin.
Alicea played 13 seasons, during which he played in 1,341 games. He was a career .260 hitter, with 47 home runs and 422 runs batted in. He had a lifetime .346 on-base percentage, and a .369 slugging percentage. He ranked in the top 5 in triples three times in his career (1992, 1997, 2000).
In 12 career postseason games, Alicea batted .267, with a .371 on-base percentage.
St. Louis Cardinals.
He was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the first round (23rd pick) of the 1986 amateur draft, and signed June 17 of that year. He made his major league debut in a 12–9 Cardinals loss to the New York Mets on April 23, 1988. Starting at second base and batting eighth, Alicea went 1-for-4 with a triple, a walk and a run scored in his debut. He hit .212 with one home run and 24 RBI in 93 games with the Cardinals that season.
Alicea spent the next few seasons in the minor leagues before returning to the big leagues with St. Louis in , hitting .191 without a single RBI in 56 games. Despite his struggles in , the Cardinals brought him back to the big leagues in and hit .245 with a pair of homers and 32 RBI in 85 games. He continued to improve as, in , Alicea hit .279 with three home runs and 46 RBI, stealing 11 bases in 12 attempts, over 115 games. Despite a drop in playing time in , Alicea set a then-career high in home runs with five while hitting .278 with 29 RBI in 88 games.
Boston Red Sox.
On December 7, 1994 he was traded to the Boston Red Sox for Jeff McNeely and Nate Minchey. He played one season with the Red Sox, batting .270 with six homers and 44 RBI.
Alicea was one of a few Boston players to perform well in the American League Division Series against the Cleveland Indians. He hit .600 (6-for-10) with a double and home run as the Red Sox were swept in three games.
St. Louis Cardinals, second stint.
Alicea was waived by the Red Sox, returning to the Cardinals on March 19, 1996. He hit .258 with five home runs and 42 RBI in 129 games for St. Louis.
Anaheim Angels.
In January , Alicea signed a one-year deal with the Anaheim Angels, taking over at second base for Randy Velarde. In 128 games with the Angels, Alicea hit .253 with five home runs and 37 RBI, stealing a career-high 22 bases.
That winter, he signed as a free agent with the Texas Rangers.
Texas Rangers.
In his first season in Texas, Alicea hit .274 with six home runs and 33 RBI in 101 games. In , he hit .201 with three homers and 17 RBI in 68 games with the Rangers.
It was in that he had his best season establishing career highs with a .294 average, 85 runs, 159 hits, and 63 RBI.
Kansas City Royals.
He played his last two seasons with the Kansas City Royals before retiring following the season. In , Alicea hit .274 with four home runs and 32 RBI in 113 games. In his final big league campaign, he hit .228 with a homer and 23 RBI in 94 games.
Coaching career.
After his playing days ended, he managed the Lowell Spinners in and and was skipper of the Greenville Drive in . 
On November 29, 2006, Alicea was named by the Red Sox as their first base coach, taking over for Bill Haselman. He served in this position through the and seasons. On October 22, Alicea was told by manager Terry Francona that he was not going to be offered a contract.
Alicea was then hired by the New York Mets to be their first base coach for the season. On October 5, 2009, after the Mets' dismal 70–92 season, they announced that Alicea would not return to the Mets coaching staff in the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2880795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880795" title="Chex Mix">
Chex Mix

Chex Mix is a type of snack mix that includes Chex breakfast cereal (sold by General Mills) as a major component. There are commercially sold pre-made varieties of Chex Mix, as well as many recipes (often printed on Chex cereal boxes) for homemade Chex Mix. Though contents vary, the mixes generally include an assortment of Chex cereals, chips, hard breadsticks, pretzels, nuts or crackers. 
History.
Chex cereal was introduced in 1937 by Ralston Purina. By 1952, recipes for "Chex party mix" appeared on boxes of Chex cereal. However, it was not until 1985 that pre-packaged products were introduced commercially by Ralston Purina and the trademarks registered to it. Chex party mix became popular as a holiday treat when purportedly in 1955, the wife of a Ralston executive in St. Louis served the snack at a holiday function. However, Chex party mix was not a unique idea: it was one of many popular "TV mixes" – snacks which could be consumed without interrupting television watching – which appeared in the 1950s with the introduction of television. For example, a 1950 Betty Crocker cookbook includes a recipe for a snack mix made with Kix cereal.
In August 1996, General Mills acquired the Chex product line from Ralston Purina along with other brands.
Commercial contents and varieties.
All commercial Chex mixes contain some form of Chex cereal. Other ingredients generally include rye chips, breadsticks, pretzels, nuts and crackers. In total, General Mills produces 13 varieties of Chex mixes, not including limited editions. These flavours can be broadly divided into three categories: salty, Chocolate, and Sweet 'n Salty. Sometimes, limited edition varieties of Chex Mix are released. Past examples of these include Winter Chex Mix Cocoa and Summer Chex Mix Ranch. In 2009, two new flavors, Spicy Szechuan and Teriyaki, were introduced and made available exclusively at convenience stores.
Salty.
"New"Cherry & crunchy nuts
In popular culture.
In February 2009 comedy rap troupe The Lonely Island released their début album "Incredibad", which features the song "Dreamgirl" featuring Norah Jones. The song claims to be sponsored by Chex Mix and features a large amount of advertisement for the product.

</doc>
<doc id="2880799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880799" title="Conscious Alliance">
Conscious Alliance

Conscious Alliance is a national 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in Boulder, Colorado. The organization was founded in 2002 and their mission is to provide food and nourishment for those in need.
Conscious operates through ongoing, grassroots food collection and hunger awareness programs throughout the United States, primarily by organizing food drives at concerts and music events. Donations to Conscious Alliance benefit America’s local food pantries and economically isolated Native American Reservations. Over the years, Conscious Alliance has hosted hundreds of food drives at music festivals including Bonnaroo, Power to the Peaceful, and Wakarusa, and at concerts by artists such as The String Cheese Incident, STS9, Jack Johnson, Michael Franti & Spearhead, Dave Matthews, Phil Lesh, Bassnectar, and many others.
History.
2002-2004.
Conscious Alliance is a Boulder, Colorado based national 501(c)(3) non-profit organization committed to distributing much-needed food to communities across the United States, and providing long-term solutions to hunger by focusing on empowerment programs for youth in impoverished regions of the country. The organizations operates through ongoing, grassroots food collection and hunger awareness programs, primarily by organizing food drives at concerts and music events. The donations we collect benefit local food pantries nationwide and economically isolated Native American Reservations.
The organization began in 2002 as one college student’s vision and drive to help others. It all started when Justin Baker, founder of Conscious Alliance, mobilized a group of friends and fellow students to come together as food drive volunteers. Baker’s vision led him to host campus-wide food drives with the hopes of not only collecting and distributing food to impoverished Native American Reservations in the Western United States, but also to raise awareness about the extreme economic poverty that still exists on many reservations today.
Conscious Alliance soon discovered that it had the capability to appeal to a much larger audience than the CU Boulder campus. Music events were just the source needed to capture a greater audience in one place at one time. Hosting food drives at concerts and music festivals proved to be an enormous success as generous attendees donated thousands of pounds of food at venues across the country.
The organization uses art as the incentive to inspire people to donate food and funds to the cause. Participants in their ‘Art That Feeds’ Food Drives receive an event-specific poster for making a suggested donation of non-perishable food items, or a recommended monetary donation. All of the collected food donations are locally distributed to Feeding America Food Bank affiliates in the region where the Food Drive takes place. The money Conscious Alliance raises is used to purchase and deliver food in large (bulk) quantities to Native American Reservations across the United States.
Since the organization's inception in 2002, Conscious Alliance has hosted hundreds of ‘Art That Feeds’ Food Drives at music festivals including Bonnaroo, Power to the Peaceful, and Wakarusa, and at concerts by artists such as The String Cheese Incident, STS9, Jack Johnson, Michael Franti & Spearhead, Phish, Dave Matthews, and many others. Through these collaborations, and partnerships with companies like Whole Foods Market and Justin’s Nut Butter, Conscious Alliance has been able to collect and distribute enough food to provide over 1.5 million meals to people in need nationwide.
2005-Present.
In 2005, Conscious Alliance successfully built a much needed food storage and distribution facility on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota, one of the poorest communities in the country. The unit is used to store and distribute emergency food supplies to more than 100 families at the end of each month when bills are due and emergency food is critical in making it to the next month. Conscious Alliance has maintained a full facility over the past few years that it has kept permanently stocked at all times through the generosity of the organization's supporters.
While striving to meet immediate needs through emergency hunger relief efforts, Conscious Alliance simultaneously focuses on creating sustainable solutions to poverty on reservations by creating opportunities for the younger generation in these communities to thrive. Several projects are directed toward Native American youth as a way for the younger generation to develop and uphold a strong relationship to their community and culture. These youth-oriented programs are intended to cultivate a collective movement to inspire confidence, creativity, hope, and ambition in both native and non-native youth.
Today, Conscious Alliance is stronger than ever and looking toward the future. Over the years the organization has evolved into a dedicated and open-hearted alliance of supporters that includes all ages and demographics. Conscious Alliance is not just the staff and volunteers seen at the Food Drives, but includes every musician, artist, industry supporter, corporate sponsor, and individual who donates food, funds, and time to the cause. These people allow the organization to continue its mission of providing the basic necessities of life to those in need.
Projects.
'Art That Feeds' Food Drive.
Conscious Alliance uses art as the incentive to inspire people to donate to our cause. Concertgoers who participate in the organization's ‘Art That Feeds’ Food Drives receive a limited edition concert poster for making the suggested donation of 10 or more non-perishable food items, or a recommended monetary donation. The artist, who retains creative control over the image, donates the art that Conscious Alliance uses for the poster, while the organization covers all printing costs. All of the collected food donations are locally distributed to Feeding America Food Bank affiliates in the town or city in which the event takes place. Since the organization's inception in 2002, Conscious Alliance has collected and distributed over 1.5 million pounds of food to communities in need across the United States. The money raised is used to purchase and deliver food in large bulk quantities to Native American Reservations across the United States.
Annual Holiday Meal Delivery.
This Thanksgiving Season Conscious Alliance will be hosting its 9th Annual Holiday Meal Delivery, taking place November 15–18, 2012. The goal is to distribute over 10,000 meals to local families in need in the Greater Denver area, as well as households on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota and the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation in Montana, which are among the poorest communities in the United States.
Many people are unaware of the conditions on these reservations. The unemployment rate is consistently over 80% on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, primarily due to the extreme economic isolation of the reservation. Food insecurity is rampant. The climate is extreme in this region of the country, with regular winter blizzards and temperatures annually falling to -20°F or lower. In the winter, people make a very real choice between buying food and buying fuel to heat their homes.
Conscious Alliance strives to alleviate the immediate need for the basic necessities of life, while simultaneously teaming up with community leaders to create possibilities for the future. As the organization provides food to the reservations, it is working with these leaders to inspire members of the community, with particular focus on positive youth outreach programs to empower the next generation.
'Art That Feeds' Youth Workshops.
Conscious Alliance is initiating a series of art workshops for native and non-native youth, beginning in the Boulder/Denver area. The youth spend a day working with a very special artist, who is part of the Conscious Alliance community and has previously donated their artwork to the ‘Art That Feeds’ program. Each workshop will be directed by a different artist, who will work with the youth to inspire their creativity through the power of guidance and collaboration.
The youth will spend a day exploring their imagination and producing their own unique artwork under the guidance of these artists. They will also collaborate with their fellow youth in the program. This youth movement will use art as a vehicle that can be used to engage the younger generation in activities that will increase their self-esteem and inspire the use of their talents and aspirations.
Many of the youth involved in the workshops experience high levels of adolescent risk factors, including extreme economic deprivation. These art workshops are designed to have a tremendous impact on the youth and reduce the effects of these risk factors. Not only can such programs enhance young peoples’ attitudes about themselves and their futures, but the programs also provide opportunities for youth to learn new skills and encourages them to engage in the arts. With the help of our supporters, we will cultivate a collective movement to inspire confidence, creativity, hope, and ambition for the youth of native and non-native communities.
Sustainable Housing Initiative.
Conscious Alliance is proud to support a new sustainable housing project on Pine Ridge Indian Reservation by partnering with the University of Colorado and the Native American Sustainable Housing Initiative (NASHI), a nonprofit design-build program seeking to improve housing conditions on tribal lands through research, education, and outreach activities. CU Environmental Design students are currently teaming up with students from Oglala Lakota College (OLC) on Pine Ridge who are studying Construction Technology to offer this project called ‘Designing for People and Place: Sustainable & Affordable Housing for the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.
Many of the houses on the reservation are substandard, lacking electricity and working sewage systems, plagued with mold, and too small to house extended families. Together students from CU and OLC are designing and building energy-efficient homes that are affordable and meet the cultural needs of those on the reservation.
The project will address the need for environmentally sound and economical housing, and increase the capacity, knowledge, and resources of OLC students to build sustainable and energy efficient homes that are suitable for their community members on Pine Ridge. The project will also give Lakota students at OLC the chance to acquire the necessary skills to foster future economic development opportunities in sustainable housing development and construction.
Ft. Robinson Run.
Every January, Conscious Alliance sponsors the Fort Robinson Outbreak Spiritual Run, a 400-mile journey from Fort Robinson, Nebraska to Busby, Montana. Coordinated by Phillip Whiteman Jr. and Lynette Two Bulls from their home in Lame Deer, Montana, the run was created to pay homage to those Northern Cheyenne ancestors that broke out of Fort Robinson on January 9, 1879. Most of them were killed at this time, but a few survived and made it to their homeland, the Powder River country in Southeastern Montana. Because of this sacrifice, they now have the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation.
The runners include 100 Northern Cheyenne youth from the reservation who range in age from 7 to young adults. Many of the participants are considered “at risk” youth and come from disadvantaged backgrounds. The runners make a commitment to undertake a five-day journey across 400 miles that commemorates their ancestry by replicating their epic journey from Nebraska to their homeland in Montana. They run day and night enduring January temperatures and physical hardships, much like their ancestors of 130 years ago. They learn valuable lessons of unity, responsibility to self and others, and how to overcome adversities. They encourage one another through winter weather, the sand-hills of Nebraska, the sacred Black Hills of South Dakota, and the plains and mountains of Montana. They gain a strong connection to the sacrifice of their ancestors. The run instills in them a sense of pride, greater self-esteem, a deeper respect for their identity and sincere appreciation for their homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="2880802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880802" title="Arent van Curler">
Arent van Curler

Arent van Curler, later van Corlaer, (1619, Nijkerk, Gelderland - 1667) was the cousin of Kiliaen van Rensselaer and undertook the management of Rensselaer's patroonship Rensselaerswyck in the Dutch colony of New Netherland perhaps as early as 1630, and continued there until 1646.
In 1643, van Curler married the widow of Jonas Bronck, Teuntie Joriaens, aka Antonia Slaaghboom, and the couple settled in Beverwijck, near Fort Orange.
In 1662, he founded the city of Schenectady on land he purchased from the Mohawks. He was known for his fair dealings with the Indians, negotiating disputes and arranging for captives to be freed.
In 1666 he aided De Courcelle, governor of New France, who ran into difficulties while on an expedition to the Mohawk Valley. In 1667, on a trip to Quebec at the invitation of Governor de Tracy of he drowned in Lake Champlain when his boat overturned in a storm.
The Hotel Van Curler in Schenectady, built in 1925 – now Elston Hall of Schenectady County Community College – is named after Arent van Curler. Van Corlaer Elementary School, built in 1914 on Guilderland Avenue in Schenectady, is also named after Arent Van Curler.

</doc>
<doc id="2880806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880806" title="Clemens">
Clemens

Clemens is both a Late Latin masculine given name and a surname meaning "merciful". Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="2880808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880808" title="Year's Best Fantasy and Horror">
Year's Best Fantasy and Horror

"Year's Best Fantasy and Horror" is a reprint anthology published annually by St. Martin's Press. In addition to the short stories, supplemented by a list of honorable mentions, each edition includes a number of retrospective essays by the editors and others.
For most of its run, the series was edited by Terri Windling and Ellen Datlow, with Windling primarily responsible for the "fantasy" portion of the content and Datlow for the "horror" portion. From the 16th edition (covering works first published in 2003), Windling's role has been taken by the team of Kelly Link and Gavin Grant. The cover art for every edition has been done by Thomas Canty.

</doc>
<doc id="2880811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880811" title="Bobby Baun">
Bobby Baun

Robert Neil "Bob, Boomer" Baun (born September 9, 1936) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League for 17 seasons from 1956–57 to 1972–73.
Playing career.
Baun played junior hockey with the Toronto Marlboros of the Ontario Hockey Association from 1952 to 1956, winning the Memorial Cup in 1955 and 1956. After turning professional, Baun played most of the 1956–57 season with the Rochester Americans, the Toronto Maple Leafs affiliate in the American Hockey League. They would be the only minor league games Baun would ever play. He was called up to the Leafs during the season and played in Toronto for the next 11 seasons, winning the Stanley Cup in 1962, 1963, 1964, and 1967.
Baun was one of the hardest and cleanest hitters of his time. He was not considered an offensive threat as a defenceman, never scoring more than 20 points in a season in the NHL. His highest single-season goal total was eight in 1959–60. However, Baun is remembered for his performance in game six of the 1963–64 NHL season Stanley Cup finals against the Detroit Red Wings. On April 23, 1964, having fractured his ankle earlier in the game, he returned in overtime and scored the game-winning goal. The Leafs won the next game 4–0 to win the best of seven series, and secure their third consecutive Stanley Cup championship.
He developed a reputation for understanding the business side of playing in the NHL in the years before there was a players' union. Eventually, other players sought Baun's advice about their contracts and salaries, which eroded his relationship with Leafs' general manager Punch Imlach. That relationship deteriorated even further when Baun was a holdout for the 1965–66 season. Baun eventually got a raise, but Imlach never forgot it. A series of injuries further dimmed Imlach's enthusiasm for Baun. In 1966–67, Baun suffered a broken toe. Imlach replaced him with Larry Hillman and Baun saw little ice time after that. He was mostly an observer from the bench for the Leafs' 1967 Cup victory, and refused to participate in the celebrations.
Before the next season, Baun was left unprotected in the 1967 NHL Expansion Draft, and was selected by the Oakland Seals. Baun was one of four members of the Memorial Cup-winning Marlboros teams from the mid-1950s to play for the Seals, but the team struggled badly on the ice, particularly on offence, finishing the year with the worst record in the league. Baun asked to be traded back to an Original Six team, and Oakland accommodated his request, dealing him to the Detroit Red Wings in May 1968. Baun played in Detroit for two years but early into the 1970–71 season he found himself at odds with coach Ned Harkness and was placed on waivers. From there, he was claimed by the Buffalo Sabres, managed by Imlach, who immediately traded him to the St. Louis Blues. Baun refused to report to St. Louis and nine days later was traded back to the Maple Leafs for Brit Selby.
The Leafs benefited from Baun's defensive play, helping Jacques Plante to record a 1.88 goals against average in 1970–71. Baun was just as effective the next season. In the fifth game of the 1972–73 season, he suffered a neck injury that ended his NHL career at the age of 36.
Coaching career.
Baun retired as a player and ran a cattle farm, but three years later, he was hired as head coach of the Toronto Toros of the World Hockey Association. Mike Nykoluk, another member of the Marlboros in the mid-1950s, had been the team's first choice, but he turned the job down. Playing for the Toros were three of Baun's former Leaf teammates: Frank Mahovlich, Paul Henderson, and Jim Dorey, as well as future NHL star Mark Napier and Vaclav Nedomansky. But the Toros under Baun had a disastrous year, finishing the 1975–76 season with the worst record in the league. The Toros even finished 11 points behind the Minnesota Fighting Saints—a team that had folded with 21 games left to play in the season. Baun was replaced as coach after the season. He returned to farming and also sold insurance after his retirement from hockey.
Baun and the NHL pension plan.
In the 1980s, Baun organized an NHL alumni association and began an investigation into the NHL's pension plan. The plan had been touted to players as the best in professional sports, but after playing in 17 NHL seasons, Baun's pension was only $7,622 a year. Baun received little support from other players, and eventually gave up. Problems with the pension plan were later uncovered through an audit backed by Carl Brewer.
Other.
On June 1, 2007, Baun was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Laws from the University of Ontario Institute of Technology for his work on and off the ice. He currently resides in Oshawa, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="2880820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880820" title="Death of Elza Kungayeva">
Death of Elza Kungayeva

Elza Kungayeva (also known as Kheda Kungayeva, alternativelly spelled Kungaeva) (1982 - 27 March 2000) was a Chechen woman abducted, beaten, and murdered by a Russian Army Colonel during the Second Chechen War.
On March 27, 2000, Elza Kungaeva was forcibly taken from her home in Chechnya, beaten and murdered. On February 28, 2001, the Rostov District Military Court began the trial of Col. Yuri Budanov for Kungaeva's murder. It was one of the first cases in which Russian authorities promptly and publicly acknowledged a war crime perpetrated by Russian federal forces against civilians in Chechnya.
Overview.
On the night of March 26–27 at about 1 a.m., the commander of division 13206 Colonel Y.D. Budanov arrived in the village of Tangi-Chu in the Urus-Martan district of the Chechen Republic on armoured personnel carrier (APC) no. 391 together with servicemen Sergeant Grigoriev, Sergeant Li-En-Shou, and Private Yegorov. On the orders of Col. Budanov, his subordinates forcibly took citizen K.V. Kungaeva from house no.7 on Zarechni Lane and drove her to the division's encampment on the APC. Around 3 a.m. Budanov strangled Kungaeva in trailer 131 Budanov's quarters. On the orders of Col. Budanov, Pvt. Yegorov, Sgt. Li-En-Shou and Sgt. Grigoriev took the body of Kungaeva and buried her in a forested area near the encampment. Around 10 a.m. on March 28, 2000, Kungaeva's body was exhumed. 
A forensic medical report, a copy of which was obtained by Human Rights Watch (HRW), cited a military procurator's report that on March 27 at 1 a.m., Budanov took Elza Kungaeva, a civilian, from her home in Tangi-Chu and brought her to a military encampment. The forensic examiner concluded that Kungaeva was beaten, anally and vaginally penetrated by a hard object, and strangled at about 3 a.m. The report cited marks on her neck, the condition of her blood vessels, the tone of her skin, and the condition of her lungs. It found that other injuries such as bruising found on her face, her neck, her right eye, and her left breast were inflicted by a blow with a "blunt, hard object of limited surface," which occurred approximately one hour before her death.
Russian military authorities first publicly accused Budanov of raping and murdering Kungaeva, and subsequently indicted him only on charges of murder, kidnapping, and abuse of office. Although forensic evidence strongly suggests that Kungaeva was raped, no one is known to have been charged with her rape.
The events of March 27.
Vissa Kungaev, Elza Kungaeva's father, said that between midnight and 1 a.m. on March 27, 2000, a loud noise woke the Kungaev family. An armored personnel carrier (APC) drove up to their house on the outskirts of the village of Tangi-Chu, carrying three Russian soldiers, and their commander, Colonel Budanov. Kungaev warned his five children and went to his brother's nearby home to seek help. 
According to the Kungaev family, armed soldiers entered the Kungaev house. Budanov stood in the corridor while two soldiers entered the bedroom and others guarded the house. First they brought Kungaev's younger daughter, Khava, out of the room, but when she screamed, Budanov reportedly said, "Let her go, take that one." The soldiers then brought out the eldest daughter, Elza, took her outside, and drove her away in the APC. Vissa Kungaev then returned to his house, only to be told by his children that Elza Kungaeva had been taken by the soldiers. Kungaev's brother, a neighbor, said the APC bore the number 391. Many have reported that Budanov was drunk at the time.
Later on March 27, a group of villagers obtained permission from local Russian forces to travel to Urus-Martan, seven kilometers away, to search for Kungaeva. They believed she might have been taken to one of two detention facilities run by federal forces in that town. Two witnesses told Human Rights Watch that a federal commander in Urus-Martan told the villagers that Kungaeva had been raped by drunken men and was dead.
The aftermath.
The military responded immediately to Kungaeva's murder, promptly taking Budanov into custody, and assisting the Kungaev family; they also condemned Budanov at the highest levels, without awaiting the outcome of a court proceeding. Federal soldiers returned Kungaeva's body to her family on the evening of March 28, 2000, Major-General Alexander Verbitskii told villagers that Budanov had raped and then strangled Kungaeva, and promised that justice would be severe and swift. 
Top Russian military officials in the Chechnya war attended Kungaeva's funeral on March 29, 2000, including Colonel-General Valery Baranov, acting commander of the United Group of Forces in Chechnya at the time, Maj.-Gen. Valery Gerasimov, acting commander of the Western Group of Forces, and his deputy, Maj.-Gen. Verbitskii. Kungaev said that the generals were very helpful, paid for the funeral, asked for his forgiveness, and expressed sympathy.
Official investigation.
Vissa Kungaev told Human Rights Watch that initially, the investigation seemed satisfactory. He reported meeting with investigators in Tangi-Chu and in Urus-Martan, and reported that investigators also questioned family members and villagers. Kungaev's lawyer said that the investigation established that no members of the Kungaev family were fighters. However, after six months had passed, Kungaev worried that the investigation had stalled, and sent petitions to the federal military procuracy, the general procuracy, and the Duma, expressing concern about the apparent halt to the investigation and urging that it continue. In October 2000, Kungaev learned that the charges against Budanov did not include rape, and became especially concerned about the investigation at that point. 
When he spoke with HRW in early February 2001, after authorities had closed the investigation, Kungaev expressed shock and regret that Budanov had not been charged with rape. "They took away the most important charge," he said. Kungaev's reaction to the failure to prosecute the rape of his daughter may reflect the view common in Chechnya that rape ruins the honor not only of the victim but of her extended family. For this reason, families take extreme measures to guard women against rape, and rape is considered by some a crime worse than murder.
Murder of Kungayeva Family's attorney.
On January 19, 2009, the attorney for the Kungayeva family, Stanislav Markelov, was shot and killed when leaving a press conference he held in Moscow. Yuri Budanov was released in mid-January, 15 months earlier than his original release date, and Markelov announced at the press conference that he planned to file an appeal to keep Budanov in prison. A freelance journalist with "Novaya Gazeta", Anastasia Baburova, was also killed with Markelov.
Murder of Yuri Budanov.
On June 10, 2011, Yuri Budanov, the man convicted of Elza Kungayeva's murder, was shot dead in central Moscow by an unidentified assailant as he left a notary office on Komsomolsky Prospekt, a busy avenue in the capital. Budanov had been released from prison 17 months earlier, in a move that angered human rights activists. Police said his killer and an accomplice fled in a Mitsubishi Lancer, which was later found less than a kilometer away from the crime scene. A pistol and silencer had been left inside the vehicle. A police source said the killing was “obviously a contract hit.”

</doc>
<doc id="2880826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880826" title="Vince Lia">
Vince Lia

Vincent "Vince" Lia (born 18 March 1985) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Wellington Phoenix in the A-League.
Club career.
Melbourne Victory.
Lia spent the early stages of his professional career in the NSL at South Melbourne. He then moved on to Melbourne Victory where he spent two years as a fringe player, albeit winning a championship.
Wellington Phoenix.
He moved to the Wellington Phoenix in 2007.Lia scored his first ever A-League goal in a 1–1 draw against his former team, Melbourne Victory, in the 58th minute on 24 November 2007 in front of a 20,938 strong crowd at the Telstra Dome.
Lia missed the entire 2008–09 A-League Season due to a knee injury suffered in pre-season, requiring a full reconstruction. In 2009–10 A-League Season, Vince Lia has signed a contract with the A-League team Wellington Phoenix. On 20 October 2009, Vince Lia has extended his contract with the Wellington Phoenix until the end of 2011–2012.
International career.
Lia captained the Australian U-20's at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Honours.
With :

</doc>
<doc id="2880827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880827" title="Leonardo World (Canada)">
Leonardo World (Canada)

Leonardo World is a now defunct Canadian category 2 Italian language digital cable specialty channel. It was an all-lifestyle channel showcasing Italian arts and culture ranging from cuisine to travel. It was a Canadian version of the Italian channel Leonardo World. It was primarily distributed in a package with two other channels called Super Trio Italiano. The other channels were SKY TG24 and Video Italia. All three channels were wholly owned by Telelatino Network Inc., a consortium majority owned by Corus Entertainment, with the exception of Video Italia Canada which was 80% owned by Telelatino Network Inc. and 20% owned by Gruppo Radio Italia. 
On September 11, 2007 Vidéotron discontinued carriage of Leonardo World Canada and on September 18, 2007 the remaining carriers, Rogers Cable and Mountain Cablevision discontinued carriage of the service as well. Leonardo World ceased operations on December 19, 2007 and no longer exists.

</doc>
<doc id="2880829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880829" title="San Antonio Japanese Tea Garden">
San Antonio Japanese Tea Garden

The San Antonio Japanese Tea Garden, or Sunken Gardens in Brackenridge Park, San Antonio, Texas, USA opened in an abandoned limestone rock quarry in the early 20th century. It was known also as Chinese Tea Gardens, Chinese Tea Garden Gate, Chinese Sunken Garden Gate and is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. San Antonio has another Japanese Garden called Kumamoto En inside the San Antonio Botanical Garden.
History.
The San Antonio Japanese Tea Garden (also known as the Sunken Gardens) in the U.S. state of Texas was developed on land donated to the city in 1899 by George Washington Brackenridge, president of the San Antonio Water Works Company. The ground was first broken around 1840 by German masons, who used the readily accessible limestone to supply the construction market. Many San Antonio buildings, including the Menger Hotel, were built with the stone from this quarry on the Rock Quarry Road.
In 1880 the Alamo Cement Company was incorporated and produced cement for 26 years in the kiln, the chimney of which still stands today. Supporting the workforce of the quarry was a small "village", populated primarily by Mexican-Americans who worked the site. They and their families became popular with tourists, who purchased pottery, hand woven baskets, and food. 
About 1917, City Parks Commissioner Ray Lambert visualized an oriental-style garden in the pit of the quarry. His engineer, W.S. Delery, developed plans, but no work began until individual and private donors provided funds in 1918. Lambert used prison labor to shape the quarry into a complex that included walkways, stone arch bridges, an island and a Japanese pagoda.
At the entrance to the garden, Mexican-born artist Dionicio Rodriguez (1891-1955) replicated a Japanese Torii gate in his unique style of concrete construction that imitated wood. In 1919, at the city's invitation, Kimi Eizo Jingu, a local Japanese-American artist, moved to the garden. In 1926, they opened the Bamboo Room, where light lunches and tea were sold. Kimi and Miyoshi Jingu maintained the garden, lived in the park, and raised eight children. Kimi was a representative of the Shizuoka Tea Association and was considered an expert in the tea business nationally. He died in 1938, and 1941 the family was evicted with the rise of anti-Japanese sentiment of World War II.
The garden was renamed the Chinese Tea Garden, and a Chinese-American family, Ted and Ester Wu, opened a snack bar in the pagoda until the early 1960s. In 1984, under the direction of Mayor Henry Cisneros, the city restored the original “Japanese Tea Garden” designation in a ceremony attended by Jingu's children and representatives of the Japanese government.
Renovation.
For years the garden sat in neglect and disrepair, becoming a target of graffiti and vandalism. Due to limited funding, the city threatened to close the garden, but the community and parks supporters rallied and lobbied to keep the park open.
In 2005, the City used about $550,000 in bond money to reroof the pagoda-like Pavilion and the Jingu House.
In 2007, former Councilwoman Bonnie Conner, vice chairwoman of parks projects for the San Antonio Parks Foundation and former Mayor Lila Cockrell, Parks Foundation president, began a $1.6 million restoration campaign to restore the ponds and waterfall in conjunction with the City of San Antonio.
For the public re-opening on March 8, 2008, Jingu family members returned to San Antonio. Mabel Yoshiko Jingu Enkoji, the sixth child of Kimi and Miyoshi Jingu, who was born at the Garden, was the senior Jingu family member at the event.
In 2009, the San Antonio Parks Foundation and the City of San Antonio began work on the $1 million restoration of the historic Jingu house. Work was completed in October 2011. The building is now being operated as a restaurant by Fresh Horizons Creative Catering, serving light lunches as the Jingu family did in the 1930s.
In recognition of the Tea Garden's origin as a rock quarry that played a prominent role in the development of the cement business, as well as its later redevelopment as a garden, the site is designated as a Texas Civil Engineering Landmark, a Registered Texas Historic Landmark, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Sunken Garden amphitheater is located to the south. It currently comprises 872 permanently installed seats and has the option of adding folding chairs for a total general admittance of 2,700. The general admittance (standing room) to the fenced grounds of the theater is 6,000 spectators. The Parks and Recreation Department’s Cultural Program assumed management of the theater in the early 1970s.
Location.
Northwestern edge of Brackenridge Park, near the San Antonio Zoo:

</doc>
<doc id="2880830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880830" title="Robert Barra">
Robert Barra

Robert D. "Bob" Barra (born February 1, 1960) is a Republican who was elected to serve the 21st district of the New York State Assembly in November 2000. Because of redistricting due to the census, Assemblyman Barra became the Assembly member from the newly formed 14th Assembly district.
Barra received a B.A. degree in communication and journalism from Hofstra University in 1982. He has worked for the Nassau County Department of Commerce, the North Hempstead Town Board, the Nassau Board of Elections, former congressman David A. Levy, and the Nassau Republican Party. He was an aide to state senator Dean Skelos at three different times between 1996 and 1999.
From 1991 until 1997, Barra served on the Lynbrook Village Board of Trustees. In 1999 he was appointed to the Hempstead Town Board. He was unable to win re-election due to the change of how board members were elected; up until that point, Hempstead Town Board members were elected at-large, instead of using the district system that is in place today.
Barra became a member of the New York State Assembly in January 2001. He stepped down from the Assembly at the end of 2010.
He lives in Lynbrook, New York, with his wife Celeste and two daughters: Alexandra and Erica.

</doc>
<doc id="2880845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880845" title="Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC">
Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC

Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bonnyrigg, Sydney, New South Wales, currently playing in the New South Wales Premier League. The club was founded in 1968 as Avala Sports Club and obtained its current name on 1989.
History.
Established by Serbian migrants from the Cabramatta area of south-west Sydney, their primary supporter base has been the local Serbian community. Its most famous products are former Socceroo Milan Blagojević, current Perth Glory and former Young Socceroo captain and goalkeeper Danny Vuković, as well as current Young Socceroo and Melbourne Heart defender David Vranković . Another famous White Eagles alumni is Aleksandar Janković who was manager of Red Star Belgrade twice.
Another famous White Eagles product is former Brisbane Roar defender Milan Susak who played a major role in Ange Postecoglou's Premiership and Championship winning side. Susak is currently on contract with Middle East giants Al Wasl from the United Arab Emirates.
Established in 1968, the club was originally known as the Avala Sports Club, named after the Avala mountain in Serbia. In 1977 Avala was promoted to the New South Wales Premier League and competed in the top level of New South Wales football until 1986.
After a two-year absence from the New South Wales Premier League which included a New South Wales Winter Super League Premiership-Championship double in 1988. Avala's strong performances in the State Leagues and their strong crowd attendances didn't go unnoticed and were offered the opportunity to be apart of the National Soccer League, however they declined due to poor administration within the Soccer Australia sector and the large financial burden it would place on the club, with many other clubs within the league at the time financially struggling. Avala returned to top flight action in 1989 undergoing a name change to Bonnyrigg White Eagles after the 1992 season, and remained in the Top Division until 2006.
After picking up both a premiership and championship over the next three seasons in the Super League in 2009 Bonnyrigg was once again promoted to the New South Wales Premier League playing at the highest league in New South Wales. They quickly picked up more honours by claiming their 4th and 5th New South Wales Premier League Premierships and Club Championships in the 2010 and 2012 seasons respectively. Also suffering grand final defeats in the 2005, 2010 and 2012 seasons. They soon after won the championship for a 3rd time in the 2013 NSW Premier League season adding to their achievements.
They have won five Premierships and three Championships in the NSW Premier League in their history. Under Brian "Bomber" Brown's arrival towards the half-way point of the NSW Premier League season in 2009, the club has achieved Two Premierships respectively in 2010 and 2012 alongside the clubs first Championship in 2013 which was the first time in Thirteen years. Defeating the Macedonian backed Rockdale City Suns at Penrith Stadium in-front of over 8000 spectators thanks to a solitary goal from Former Adelaide United Striker Robbie Younis. Under Bombers reign the club also reached the 2010 and 2012 NSW Premier League Grand Finals but lost out to Blacktown City and Marconi Stallions respectively.
Colours and badge.
Bonnyrigg White Eagles home colours have been the traditional red shirt, blue shorts and white socks since the club's inception. The away kit has seen changes from year to year and is currently white shirt, blue shorts and blue socks.
Bonnyrigg's Club Badge consists and a crowned double-headed White Eagle with a football over a boomerang in its centre. The badge is similar in design to certain elements of the Coat of arms of Serbia. This is overlaid over a red-blue-white background which mirrors the Club's main kit.
The club will be wearing Legea in 2014.
Stadium.
Bonnyrigg White Eagles play their home matches at Bonnyrigg Sports Club in Bonnyrigg, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The ground dates back to May 1966 when of land was purchased for the building of a social club and footballing grounds. Over the years the grounds were improved when in 1986 it became the permanent home ground for Bonnyrigg.
In 2001, an additional of land was purchased as part of a plan to renovate the club and expand the training grounds. This was completed in October 2005.
Rivalries.
Sydney United.
Bonnyrigg has a fierce rivalry with the Croatian backed Sydney United. The two clubs first met in the state leagues in the late 70's with then Sydney Croatia dominating almost most of the games between the two clubs. Avala and Croatia met in the Ampol Cup Semi Final in 1977 in which Avala defeated Croatia one goal to nil. The last time the two clubs would meet would be in 1983 with Croatia being promoted to the National Soccer League and Avala remaining in the State leagues.
After the demise of the National Soccer League in 2005 the New South Wales Premier league was formed pitting arch rivals Bonnyrigg and Sydney United. The first game was played at the Sydney United Sports Centre in which Bonnyrigg won, the winner coming from a young Milorad Simonović
The second clash between United and Bonnyrigg was moved to Parramatta Stadium due to crowd violence. The Eagles took the game out four goals to one. Bonnyrigg was demoted to the Winter Super League due to fan violence and would not meet Sydney United again until 2009.
Head-to-Head NSWPL (from 1977 to present)
Games: 31
Bonnyrigg White Eagles wins: 14
Sydney United wins: 13
Draws: 4
Yugal.
The club had a fierce rivalry with the Yugoslavian backed Yugal. This was mainly due to Avala being a Pro-Serbian club and Yugal being a Pro-Yugoslavian club. Many of the clashes between the two clubs ended up with victories in Avala's name. The games between the two clubs were at times met with fan violence.
The clubs would never meet again with Yugal folding in the early 90's
Blacktown City Demons.
Blacktown and Bonnyrigg are long time rivals with the history of both teams dating back to the 70's where they first met. Avala met Blacktown in the 1992 Grand Final which they took out two goals to nil. The clubs would meet again in the 1998 Grand Final in which the Demons would take out.
The games between the two have always been close and fierce. In the 2010 New South Wales Premier league season Bonnyrigg would be crowned premiers only to lose out to Blacktown in the Grand Final with a late winner from former Bonnyrigg player Tolgay Ozbey
Various other important rivalries over the years included matches against Marconi, Bankstown City, Liverpool Bossy, Parramatta and Northern Tigers.
Supporters.
Bonnyrigg White Eagles generally draws support from the Serbian diaspora, especially from the south-western suburbs of Sydney such as Bonnyrigg, Liverpool and Cabramatta.
The "Avala Boys", is the name given to the actively vocal supporters group of the football club.
Notable players and coaches.
The following Bonnyrigg White Eagles players and coaches have also represented their country at international level.
Current squad.
"Bonnyrigg White Eagles 2013 NSWPL 1st Grade Squad"
Head Coach Brian Brown
Assistant Coach Cliff Pointer
Goalkeeper Coach Jose Bello-Amigo
General Manager George Mandić
President Jovo Prlić
Gear Steward Ratko Kajkut
Outs.
"Bonnyrigg White Eagles 2013-2014 player departures"
Ins.
"Bonnyrigg White Eagles 2013-2014 player arrivals"
Reserve Team.
The Reserve team for 2014.
Head Coach Mark Zecchin
Assistant Coach Steve Sigmund
Team Manager Ian Arnott
Under 18s.
The Under 18s squad for 2014.
Head Coach Ernesto Meduri
Team Manager Neven Cupać
Youth League Staff.
Youth Coaches
Grade 16
Grade 15
Grade 14
Grade 13
Grade 12
SAP U11
SAP U10
SAP U9
Club Officials.
Management
Sports
Achievements.
Bonnyrigg's most notable achievements include;
All-time league table.
Below is a table listing the combined regular season and finals matches season records.
Cup matches are not included.
Current as of the end of the 2013 season.
Club Top Goal Scorers.
1999 NSW Super League - Colin Luff - 16 goals
2000 NSW Super League - Colin Luff - 27 goals
2001/02 NSW Premier League - Jimmy Aschner - 25 goals
2002/03 NSW Premier League - Aaron Burgees - 14 goals
2004/05 NSW Premier League – Tallan Martin - 16 goals
2006 NSW Winter Super League – Ivan Vojdović - 8 goals
2007 NSW Super League – Jason Kencevski - 24 goals
2008 NSW Super League – Ilkay Gurbuz and Daniel Willoughby - 7 goals
2009 NSW Premier League – Almir Dizdarić - 10 goals
2010 NSW Premier League – Brad Boardman - 15 goals
2011 NSW Premier League – Brad Boadrman - 10 goals
2012 NSW Premier League – Robbie Younis - 20 goals
2013 NSW Premier League - Robbie Younis - 18 goals
The treble.
Bonnyrigg's most successful year in their history came about in the 1992 season, a year their fans will never forget. A squad mixed with youth and experience, and ably led by coach Mike Johnson, won the Minor Premiership, the NSW Premier League Grand Final as well as the NSW Waratah Cup.
To top that off, Bonnyrigg also completed a "quadruple" of sorts by claiming the Karadjordje Cup for that season as well.
Many have labelled this team one of the greatest to have ever played in New South Wales and one that would certainly rival Bonnyrigg's talented 2005 squad.
2004–05 season controversy.
The 2004–05 season was marred by controversy when Serbian fans of Bonnyrigg and Croatian fans of neighbouring club Sydney United engaged in riots. At the height of tensions gunshots were fired at the Bonnyrigg Sports Club and a car was fire bombed at Sydney United's King Tomislav Croatian Club at Edensor Park. The result was that the Football NSW had directed that all future games between the clubs must be held at a neutral venue.
Bonnyrigg lost 3–1 to Bankstown City Lions in the 2004/05 NSW Premier League grand final.
Despite finishing Grand Finalists in 2004/2005 and claiming the club championship, Bonnyrigg were not offered a position in the 2005/06 NSW Premier League season. The club's appeal of this decision failed and they competed in the Winter Super League for the next three seasons until promoted back to the highest level of competition in NSW for the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2880847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880847" title="Interception (water)">
Interception (water)

Interception refers to precipitation that does not reach the soil, but is instead intercepted by the leaves and branches of plants and the forest floor. It occurs in the canopy (i.e. canopy interception), and in the forest floor or litter layer (i.e. forest floor interception ). Because of evaporation, interception of liquid water generally leads to loss of that precipitation for the drainage basin, except for cases such as fog interception. 
Intercepted snowfall does not result in any notable amount of evaporation, and most of the snow falls off the tree by wind or melts. However, intercepted snow can more easily drift with the wind, out of the watershed. Conifers have a greater interception capacity than hardwoods. Their needles gives them more surface area for droplets to adhere to, and they have foliage in spring and fall, therefore interception also depends on the type of vegetation in a wooded area.
Mitscherlich in 1971 calculated the water storage potential as interception values for different species and stand densities. A storm event might produce 50-100mm of rainfall and 4mm might be the maximum intercepted in this way. Grah and Wilson in 1944 did sprinkling experiments where they watered plants to see how much of the intercepted is kept after watering stops.
The interception depends on the leaf area index and what kind of leaves they are.
Interception may increase erosion or reduce it depending on the throughfall effects.
Water cycle, sea water evaporates, then condense. later, it will form clouds. last, they will precipitate and fall down to sea. they might intercept by trees or infiltrate into ground.

</doc>
<doc id="2880864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880864" title="Shearsby">
Shearsby

Shearsby is a rural village in the English county of Leicestershire.
It is in the Harborough district around nine miles due south of Leicester and north east of Lutterworth.
In the early 17th Century the Vicar of St Mary Magdelene, and also Rector of Knaptoft was John Moore, a Puritan who wrote "A Mappe of Man's Mortalite" in 1617 and often struggled to maintain his principles against the authorities within the Church of England. In November 1604 he was brought before the ecclesiastical court for nonconformity, refusing to wear the surplice, and summoned a further four more times in 1605. He was finally discharged by the court in 'hope of conformity'.
Shearsby Spa.
A holy well on the road south and west of the village – between the main Leicester-Northampton road (now the A5199) and Bruntingthorpe – was converted into a spa that was popular during the first half of the nineteenth century. The waters were held to be efficacious in treating skin diseases, indigestion, rheumatism, bilious and nervous disorders. Analysis of the mineral content revealed the major constituents to be sodium sulphate and sodium chloride. As early as 1855 it was reported to have fallen out of popularity. Nonetheless the 'Bath Hotel and Shearsby Spa' () remains in business at its site.

</doc>
<doc id="2880875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880875" title="Eryngium yuccifolium">
Eryngium yuccifolium

Eryngium yuccifolium (Button snake-root, Rattlesnake Master) is a common herbaceous perennial plant, native to the tallgrass prairies of central and eastern North America, from Minnesota east to Ohio and south to Texas and Florida. It grows to 1.8 m tall, with linear leaves 15–100 cm long but only 1–3 cm broad, with bristly or spiny margins and a sharp tip. The flowers are produced in dense apical umbels 1–3 cm diameter, each flower greenish-white or bluish-white, 3–4 mm diameter. When this plant flowers, pollen matures before stigmas become receptive to maximize outcrossing. Rattlesnake master has unusually high seed set (close to 90%).
It gets its name because some Native Americans used its root as an antidote for rattlesnake venom. The scientific name was given because its leaves resemble those of yuccas. Fibers of Rattlesnake Master have also been found as one of the primary materials used in the ancient shoe construction of Midwestern Native Americans.
"E. yuccifolium" is fairly intolerant of anthropogenic disturbance, but readily re-establishes in prairie restorations.

</doc>
<doc id="2880876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880876" title="Luzbel">
Luzbel

Luzbel is a Heavy Metal band from Mexico, founded in 1982 by Raul Greñas (lead guitar), Antonio "la Rana" Morante (bass guitar), Jorge Cabrera (vocals), Hugo Tames (drums) and Fernando Landeros (guitar). They were signed to Warner Music in 1985, just as Arturo Huizar, the so-called father of Mexican heavy metal, joined the lineup. He would later try to bring back Luzbel under the name Lvzbel in 1996. Luzbel is best known during the 1980s and 1990s with songs like «Por piedad», «La gran ciudad», «Pasaporte al infierno», «Alarido nocturno», «Souvenir», «Lluvia de metal», among others.
History.
Early.
Their first demo, called "El Comienzo", included some of Red's songs, the band of guitarist Raúl Fernández in England, which had a hard rock-influenced Motörhead style and a little peer voice of Ian Gillan, which would be published until 1995 including songs with Jorge Cabrera on vocals, LP, tape, and then CD officially in projecting issues such as: "Father's son", "la magia esta en el aire "and" Holocausto ".
1985 - 1987.
In 1985, as part of the birth of Comrock subsidiary of WEA label Warner Music now, Lucifer is chosen from other groups to record their first official material acclaimed EP, Metal caido del cielo letras with well-developed character. The guitar work was shown by a musician of the highest level, Raúl brace of Grenada (guitar music) and Arturo Huizar (vocals and lyrics) for the first time we showed what could be done in Mexico. to which would ultimately triggered the popularity of Lucifer Arturo Huizar and drummer Sergio López items included in this disc are: "The angel of lust", "The Madman", "Tonight is our"and "The great city ", the first three letters ran by Huizar and the fourth the tablature of the Brothers Grenas.
In 1986 began the recording of Pasaporte al infierno with the integration of Alejandro Vasquez on drums and Sergio López early exit. occur throughout the country, and also in Los Angeles and San Francisco the themes of this material were as follows: "Pasaporte al infierno", "For pity's sake, " "hijos del metal"
changes.
It was in 1987 that the (un)expected happens Huizar group decided to separate from "health issues" (minor throat), is relieved by Juan Bolaños to publishing the third album simply called Luzbel (album) and last of the band for Warner Music, Luzbel loses the sense of poetry that gave Huizar, adopting more fierce themes on lyrics. Bolaños just did have the stature to fill the gap (wider voce range, attitude, look), had marked not much limitations voice and his lyrics were pretty different, which is why the group keeps growing the status achieved in their first two productions. In the music, the hard work is remarkable and technically is even higher than the previous. A totally different direction is under this age of Luzbel, forging real metal on the Mexican soil.
In 1990, with Hugo Tamez on drums and Francisco Yescas on second guitar recorded the album "Again?! for the independent label albums Sanchez, has nothing to do to try to return to the idea that Luzbel had with Huizar, instead, include some commercial songs not that you were selling is that Luzbel wanted to attract more audience. including a cover of the Beatles in Spanish called "For No one" in this record is seen as Bolaños filled totally the void left Huizar with powerful lyrics, it included one of his greatest ballads, "souvenir", but some people saw it different, and the bad reviews did not wait
not achieve the expected success due to its limited distribution.
La rebelion de los desgraciados.
In 1994, after a period of separation Luzbel regrouped again with Huizar in his voice and now as a plus Zito Martinez on bass from the group Coda; as a result of this meeting the album "la rebelion de los desgraciados" was produced with Sony music of which contained the following singles: "Generacion pasiva", "contrato suicida" and "resucitando el sentido", which eventually were re-released under the label "Discs and Tapes Denver" while changing the cover and buggy remastering. The meeting of the dumbbell Huizar / Grenada had caused a lot of expectations and most of his followers hoped to reach the levels of its first two productions, however, the record was very different from what it had been thought since the intention was attracting other groups, according to a time dominated by grunge and alternative rock.
It is in a TV program with Victor Trujillo (also known as Brozo) that the last public appearance of the band Luzbel was made and maybe the last one of Luzbel as whole, as Raúl Fernández Grenas decided to disband the group and start a new musical adventure. The last work that would appear on the market under the name of Luzbel was a compilation called "The Best of Luzbel" (1998) with new remasters of the three albums with Warner Music.
2000 - 2006.
In 2000 several Mexican heavy metal band decided to record an album in tribute to Lucifer by Metropolis Records discography, titled: Tribute to Luzbel. where participating bands like, Agora, the Garrobos, calvaria, and Anabantha
In 2004 the band was reformed under the name "luzbel", with Juan Bolaños on vocals, guitar Raul Grenada, Paco Rock on second guitar, Armando "Magnus " Boland on drums and Daniel Kano on bass. for a small period of activity of the original band luzbel.
And in 2006 was released a double live album called: Otra vez en Vivo Desde El Infierno!!!, by the people of El Tianguis Cultural Chop someone tapes recorded using a simple tape recorder in one home two concerts of the tour drive ... Again? and which remained unpublished, includes version of "On Piety" in the voice of Juan Bolaños, and other issues at the time of Huizar. This album is nothing but collected and arranged a concert performed for Televisa programs.
Revival 2012.
Recently Raul Greñas announced on their official Facebook page "Luzbel Official Mexico" the kickoff of a new tour for 2013 with a new line up and album. There is a free download for Kirieleison under the new lineup, wich includes:
Raul Fernandez Greñas: Guitars;
Mike de la Rosa: Singer;
Vic Mata Nava: Bass;
Jorge Curiel: Drums
The first presentation of this revival was in February 28, 2013 at the Teatro Aldama in Mexico City and thus began a tour across different cities in Mexico. They had a well-received TV presentation in the show "Animal Nocturno" on Friday August 9, 2013. The word on the street is: Luzbel is back in force!!
Members.
Current line-up:
Previous line-up:

</doc>
<doc id="2880886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880886" title="Rudy Bozak">
Rudy Bozak

Rudolph Thomas Bozak (1910–1982) was an audio electronics and acoustics designer and engineer in the field of sound reproduction. His parents were Bohemian Czech immigrants; Rudy was born in Uniontown, Pennsylvania. Bozak studied at Milwaukee School of Engineering; in 1981, the school awarded him an honorary doctorate in engineering. Bozak married Lillian Gilleski; the two had three daughters: Lillian, Mary and Barbara.
Loudspeakers.
Fresh out of college in 1933, Rudy Bozak began working for Allen-Bradley, an electronics manufacturer based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Bozak would later employ Allen-Bradley components in his own electronic designs.
Bozak moved to the East Coast in 1935 to work for Cinaudagraph out of Stamford, Connecticut. Two years later he was chief engineer. At the 1939 New York World's Fair, a tower topped with a cluster of eight 27" Cinaudagraph loudspeakers in 30" frames with huge 450 lb. field coil magnets covered low frequency duties for a 2-way PA system at Flushing Meadows. The loudspeakers were mounted into horns with 14' wide mouths and were each driven by a 500 watt amplifier derived from a high-power radio broadcast tube. In June 1940, "Electronics" magazine published an article that Bozak had written about the design of the 27" loudspeaker.
During World War II, Bozak worked with Lincoln Walsh at Dinion Coil Company in Caledonia, New York developing very high voltage power supplies for radar.
Bozak joined C.G. Conn in 1944 to help them develop an electronic organ. While in Elkhart, Indiana, he noticed that the human sense of hearing was unpredictable at best. Years later, Bozak recounted this story about the Conn electronic organ project: "The general sales manager, who was a pianist and played organ, sat down and played the thing and said it was great, just what we were looking for. A week later he was invited back into the laboratory and sat down and played the instrument again. He didn’t play ten or fifteen bars when he said, This goddamn thing doesn’t sound right. What did you guys do to it?’ We said we hadn’t done anything. Well, he didn’t believe us. ‘You did something to it. You messed it up here,’ he said. ‘Restore it back to the way you had it.’ So what we did was let the damn instrument sit there for another week, and he comes back and plays it again. ‘Now this is the way it should be,’ he says."
In 1948 Bozak moved his family to North Tonawanda, New York to develop organ loudspeakers for Wurlitzer. While there, Bozak experimented at home in a loudspeaker laboratory he housed in his basement. One design of his featured a kettle drum shell as the loudspeaker enclosure.
In 1950 Bozak was hired as a consultant by McIntosh Laboratory to develop a square loudspeaker driver unit but it was not an engineering success. In 1952 he was making driver units for the McIntosh F100 speaker system. Though these sold reasonably well, McIntosh did not develop the design further. This experience led him to form his own company, Bozak Loudspeakers, in Stamford, Connecticut.
Bozak met Emory Cook in the early 1950s; the two hit it off and began working in a shared warehouse basement facility in Stamford. Cook and Bozak thrilled the audio world in 1951 with Cook's ground-breaking stereo recording of train sounds at night: "Rail Dynamics". Together, Bozak and Cook implemented a stereo loudspeaker system that would be able to show Cook's stereo recordings to best effect.
By the mid-1950s, Bozak had expanded into new quarters at 587 Connecticut Avenue in South Norwalk, with an export office in Hicksville, New York.
The foundation of Bozak loudspeaker design was the unique Bozak cone. The woofer cone was molded from a slurry containing paper pulp, lamb's wool and other ingredients in a secret process. The cone was made thicker at the center, becoming progressively thinner toward the periphery. An additional doping of the inner area further strengthened the cone center. The result was a cone with 'variable density' from center to rim with virtually no breakup or standing waves, the major sources of distortion in more conventional paper cones.
The original midrange and tweeter cones were paper. In 1961 the B-209 midrange cone was changed to a radical new design. The material was very thin spun aluminum which took much of its strength from its curvilinear profile along the radius. The cone received a thin coating of latex in order to damp the surface reflections that otherwise would occur on a metal surface which is vibrated rapidly. The design was patented and was largely responsible for the superb transient response of the Bozak B-209B and B-209C midrange.
In 1961 the original B-200X paper-cone tweeter re-appeared as the B-200Y, using the same basic cone design of the midrange.
The Concert Grand was the crown jewel of Bozak speaker systems since its introduction in 1951. This refrigerator-sized speaker system originally contained four B-199 12" woofers, one 8 Ohm B-209 6" midrange driver and eight tweeters. The B-310 and B-310A were the mono versions in which the tweeters were arranged as a sector of a sphere for widest distribution of high frequencies. The 'stereo' B-310B and B-400 had the eight tweeters arranged in a vertical row. All Concert Grand models starting from the B-310A contained two 16 Ohm B-209 midrange drivers. The Concert Grand loudspeakers were designed to fill large spaces and were not at their best with listeners closer than 20 feet away. In 1965, a pair of B-410 Concert Grands cost US$2000. Such a high price limited ownership to a small number of hi-fi aficionados and audiophiles. The model line continued to be manufactured by Bozak until 1977. Henry Mancini and Benny Goodman, good friends of Rudy Bozak, owned Concert Grand speaker systems. Jack Webb put a pair in his Mark VII Productions listening room.
In 1961, Bozak introduced the B-4000 Symphony. This was sort of "half a Concert Grand," using two 12" woofers, one midrange and the same vertical array of eight tweeters as the Concert Grands. Again, the Symphony was considered to have better imaging than its "big brother" (which was also consider by some listeners to be bass heavy) but was at its best when listeners were no closer than 15 feet. The Symphony was eventually offered in four cabinet styles.
The backbone of the Bozak line was the B-302A system, offered in several cabinet styles over a period of years. The 302A systems consisted of one 12" woofer, one midrange driver and one tweeter pair. A 'starter' version, the B-300, was a 2-way system consisting of one 12" woofer and one tweeter
pair mounted across the front of the woofer. A single capacitor sufficed as the crossover 'network' for the B-300. The system could be expanded to a 3-way B-302A by adding a midrange and full 3-way Bozak crossover.
Acoustic suspension arrived in the loudspeaker marketplace in 1955, making it possible to get low bass from a small, bookshelf-sized enclosure. This seriously affected the sales of "big box" speaker systems of all brands. Rudy Bozak never offered an acoustic suspension speaker system; he stated that the full transient response and clean bass for which his woofers were famous could not be obtained with the heavier, reinforced woofer cones necessary for acoustic suspension. Bozak began offering smaller speaker systems to answer consumer demand, but none were noted for exceptional performance until the LS-200 and LS-200A of the late 1970s.
Commercial sound.
For commercial sound reinforcement, Bozak introduced a biamped columnar loudspeaker in 1962. In 1963, the newly established commercial loudspeaker division was employing about 60 people dedicated to manufacturing the columnar model which was proving a great success. At 18 years of age Bob Betts was hired as Rudy's lab technician, but was soon put in charge of the Acoustics Lab, in 1965. Betts became chief engineer in 1968 after returning from the Vietnam war. Rudy Bozak and Betts traveled extensively on company business and often tutored Betts with his college work.
For the 1964 New York World's Fair, Bozak again put forward a new loudspeaker design; this time in the Vatican Pavilion. Hemispherical ceiling-mounted loudspeakers (the CM-109-2) were developed and installed with great success.
Bozak accepted occasional United States Department of Defense contracts including an underwater low frequency driver intended for acoustic communication between ocean-going vessels and a vibration platform that Bozak employees called "The Shaker" which was meant to test the integrity of electronic assemblies in action.
The company name changed from "R.T. Bozak Co." to "Bozak, Inc" in the mid- 1960s.
Electronics.
DJ mixers.
Bozak is often remembered today for his advanced designs of DJ mixers which allowed the development of the concept of disc jockey mixing and 'discotheques'. Beginning with the Bozak CMA-6-1 and CMA-10-1, 6 and 10-input monaural units of the mid 1960s, the peak of development was reached with the stereo Bozak CMA-10-2DL; a unit that was very quickly accepted as the standard of its day. The Bozak CMA mixers were very expensive: they used high-grade Allen-Bradley components, hand-selected transistors, and were of modular construction for ease of servicing and expansion.
C/M Laboratories, co-founded by Wayne Chou and Nick Morris, collaborated with Rudy Bozak, in the mid-1960s on the construction of basic mono mixers and power amplifiers. C/M Labs designed the CMA-10 mixer intended for orchestral sound reinforcement; it was produced in small quantities. C/M Labs also designed and built amplifiers and other integrated electronics for Bozak and used Bozak speakers to test their gear. In 1968 Bozak brought these electronic products into the Bozak factory and developed them further. The CMA-10-2 and 10-2DL mixer was designed at Bozak for sale to discotheques.
Bozak didn't cease production of DJ mixers until some years after the death of Rudy Bozak. Buzzy Beck (a former engineer) and Paul Hammarlund carried on the work for a time. Meanwhile the design of the famed CMA series of mixers was cloned by UREI as their model 1620 until they ceased production at which point the mixer was cloned by Rane Corp. as their model 2016a. In 2005, Soundcraft began to offer a UREI-Soundcraft badged 1620LE, with 'LE' standing for 'Limited Edition'.
The Bozak brand is now owned by Analog Developments Ltd. who have released electronic products such as the ISO-X isolator and the AR-6 DJ mixer. They own the website www.bozak.com.
Digital delay.
Bozak developed an electronic digital delay device in the early 1970s and used it to align loudspeakers in time within event spaces. The Bozak DA-4003 delay, Bozak amplifiers and various Bozak loudspeaker models were used by Donald E. Gilbeau and Dr. J. Christopher Jaffe in 1975 to emulate a concert hall experience outdoors; Jaffe received a patent for the concept.
Final years.
Saul Marantz joined Bozak as consultant in the mid 1970s. He helped with esthetic details of certain products. When both Bozak and Marantz teamed up to demonstrate loudspeakers at Hi-Fi events and audio engineering conventions, a sizable crowd would form. Bozak shifted from using McIntosh amplifiers for powering his loudspeakers to using Marantz amplifiers.
The B-401 Rhapsody speaker was reviewed in August 1974, in "High Fidelity", where it was said to have good power handling and a more constant impedance curve than most. Other auditors found a lack of bass response.
The last Bozak project that Rudy Bozak himself was an integral part of involved a thorough redesign of the B-200Y tweeter which had been a staple of Bozak loudspeakers since its introduction in 1962. The new design echoed earlier changes to the B-209 midrange: the standard tweeter cone shape was modified into a dished open horn shape that flattened out gradually from the center to the periphery. The new design became the B-200Z. Its basic curvilinear configuration was settled in 1974 but production didn't get underway until 1976 and early 1977. The new tweeter extended high frequency response to 16,000 Hz.
When Rudy Bozak turned 67 in 1977, he offered an opportunity for an employee buy-out headed by Bob Betts, his chief engineer. The arrangements required the personal loans of several key employees and would take a few months to transact. Bozak didn't wait for an employee buy-out; with a handshake promise to retain certain crucial employees, Rudy sold the rights to his corporation to an existing business headed by Joseph Schlig. Bozak stayed on in a minor consulting role. Quality was seen to go quickly downhill; the new owners appeared to longtime employees as being interested only in pulling money out of the operation. Betts and other company management officers left the company one by one.
Still, several good loudspeaker designs came out of a new engineering effort. In 1975, Bruce Zayde was hired by Bozak and Schlig as technical director; he began by implementing computer-aided design (CAD) as a tool, hosted on an HP 9800 running a COMTRAN program developed by Deane Jensen. Zayde introduced Thiele/Small design principles regarding system development so that loudspeakers could be optimized at the outset for any proposed configuration. The LS-300 became the first Bozak loudspeaker model to be produced wholly from a preconceived design goal. It was also the first Bozak loudspeaker with reflex ports. It was positively reviewed in April 1979, in "High Fidelity".
Rudy Bozak was not in favor of using ports or vents to tune loudspeaker enclosures for greater low-frequency output from a smaller box. He was a purist; he felt that the impulse and transient response of ported designs was inferior and that the augmented bass was too boomy. By the late 1970s, this stance was considered old fashioned; the greater majority of home and professional loudspeakers were using ported designs. As the first ported loudspeaker model was being prototyped at his former company, Rudy Bozak remained skeptical but was willing to stand back and observe the results achieved using the new scientific design methods.
In 1976, Peter Ledermann was hired as assistant to Bruce Zayde but on his second day was thrust into the role of Director of Engineering; Zayde was quitting. Ledermann spent the next two years re-engineering the complete electronic product line, including putting into production the 902, a bucket-brigade based rear channel delay unit. His efforts put Bozak once again into the position of being able to produce and service electronic products reliably and repeatedly. Later, working with Richard Majestic, for whom Ledermann worked previously at RAM Audio, the two men designed the new Listener series, the LS-200A, 220-A, 330-A and others, employing a soft dome tweeter for the first time, as the Bozak tweeter did not have the top end range extension needed to attract the changing marketplace.
Ledermann relates how Rudy Bozak himself was treated by Bozak's management: "...the new owners of the company relegated him to a dark, unlit corner of the upper floor of the production building near the bundles of stocked cotton wool acoustic stuffing. At the right time of afternoon, when the light streamed in from one of the few windows, you could see the air filled with particulate matter and through it, if you knew where to look, a small, round faced man with felt cap could be usually found sitting in the dark at his old desk with the one small lamp illuminating his face." In 1979, Ledermann designed the Bozak MB80 bookshelf speaker and brought it to the marketplace. This compact loudspeaker contained a soft dome tweeter, a 6" 209-W wide range aluminum driver designed by Ledermann, and a modified first order crossover. The MB-80 employed tweeter clipping protection and indication. Rudy Bozak took note of the project, but did not participate in the design.
In early 1982, Rudy Bozak died. His wife Lillian and their son-in-law Don Parks reorganized the company and quality of workmanship made a brief comeback from 1983 to 1985. The LS-200A loudspeaker, a ported model, was reviewed in May 1984, in "Stereo Review". The facility relocated several times: Newington, Bristol and New Britain but management was unable to sustain the effort. Finally, the company's assets were put into truck trailers to await final disposition. The company tooling was sold to Bill Kieltyka, president of New England Audio Resource (N.E.A.R.), an audiophile loudspeaker manufacturer based in Lewiston, Maine. N.E.A.R. redesigned the Bozak Bard outdoor speaker to have an epoxy-covered wooden enclosure rather than the original aluminum one. Much later, in 1997, Bogen bought N.E.A.R. to obtain the rights to Bozak's former outdoor speaker line. A civil court case was initiated by Seal Audio, Inc. (Joseph Schlig, CEO, President and Director) against Bozak, Inc. The Bozak name was sold to overseas interests who began to produce Bozak-branded equipment in China.
Legal precedent.
In 1986, the appeal was decided in the court case between Seal Audio, Inc. and Bozak, Inc. Aside from the verdict, the case is often quoted in Connecticut state law as it established precedent in defining the timing of objections to state referees when serving as fact finders appointed by the chief justice. In Connecticut, consent is required by both parties when a state referee is appointed. Seal Audio had filed no objection to the findings of the state referee until the case was taken to appeal; the Supreme Court of Connecticut found implicit consent in Seal Audio's lack of objection at that time. The case has subsequently been quoted as meaning that "a party cannot withhold objection in anticipation of favorable outcome while reserving right to impeach decision if it later proves to be unfavorable."
Professional organizations.
In 1938, Bozak was elected to Associate Grade membership with the Institute of Radio Engineers.
By 1963, Bozak was on the Board of Governors of the Audio Engineering Society for two years. He served in the same capacity again for two years starting in 1970. Bozak was awarded an AES Fellowship in 1965 for "valuable contributions to the advancement in or dissemination of knowledge of audio engineering or in the promotion of its application in practice." In 1970, Rudi T. Bozak won the AES John H. Potts Award (now the Gold Medal), their highest award for outstanding, sustained achievement in the field of audio engineering.
Popular culture.
Many references to Bozak (often spelled Bozack) can be found in modern hip hop music song titles and lyrics where the word can stand for the Bozak DJ mixer as well as for ability and virility:
A producer known as "Mister Bozack" has worked with Def Jam Recordings on several rap albums for Redman and EPMD.

</doc>
<doc id="2880906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880906" title="Accidentally in Love">
Accidentally in Love

"Accidentally in Love" is a pop song performed by Counting Crows. It was featured in the "Shrek 2" movie soundtrack and released in 2004. The song was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song. This song is included in the music game "Lego Rock Band".
Awards.
"Accidentally in Love" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song. Counting Crows also performed the song at the ceremony but did not win the award. The song also received nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media.
Music video.
The main music video for the song, directed by Meiert Avis, features a stuffed toy rabbit (voiced by Adam Duritz, lead singer of Counting Crows) in the apartment of a young couple (the girl is Ashley Roberts from The Pussycat Dolls and the man is LA Models model Steve Vanda), complete with a TV showing scenes from the film. The rabbit comes to life and serenades the girl. She falls in love with it and leaves her boyfriend behind while he is in the kitchen making breakfast for her.
An alternative music video for the song is included on the "Shrek 2" DVD as a bonus feature, and combines clips from the movie with scenes of Duritz recording the song.

</doc>
<doc id="2880911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880911" title="John Zaritsky">
John Zaritsky

John Zaritsky (born 1943) is a Canadian documentarian film maker. He was the recipient of an Academy Award in 1982 for his documentary "Just Another Missing Kid". He also won a Cable Ace Award in 1987 for "", a Golden Gavel Award from the American Bar Association for "My Husband is Going to Kill Me", a Robert F. Kennedy Foundation Award for “Born in Africa”, and an DuPont-Columbia Award in 1994 for "Romeo and Juliet in Sarajevo".
Born in St. Catharines, Ontario, and a graduate of Denis Morris Catholic High School in 1961, he studied at the University of Toronto. Prior to entering film, Zaritsky worked as a newspaper reporter for seven years. In 1970, he received a Ford Foundation Fellowship to study at the Washington Journalism Center. In 1972, he won a National Newspaper Award for his investigative reporting at the "Globe and Mail" newspaper.
His films have won awards at the New York Film Festival, the American Film Festival, Banff Television Festival, Houston International Film Festival, Columbus Ohio Film Festival, and the John Muir Medical Film Festival. Three films, “Broken Promises”, “Born in Africa”, and “Romeo and Juliet in Sarajevo” were nominated for Emmy Awards. In addition, Zaritsky has won six Geminis, Canada’s national television award. In 1995-96, he was an artist-in-residence at the graduate school of journalism, University of California at Berkeley. 
He also directed and produced the documentary "Right to Die?", which documented the assisted suicide of Craig Ewert by the group Dignitas. The film also features a discussion of the case of Betty and George Coumbias, a Canadian couple seeking legal approval for their suicide pact.
"Right to Die?" attracted extraordinary publicity in Britain when it aired in December 2008. According to the Associated Press, "The documentary ... has been shown on Canadian and Swiss TV and at numerous film festivals, where it provoked little controversy. But it struck a raw nerve in Britain, where the divisive debate over assisted suicide remains unresolved."
His most recent project, "Do You Really Want To Know?" (2012) recounts the stories of three families who carry the gene for Huntington's Disease, a fatal neurodegenerative illness that attacks in mid-life. Members of each featured family have undergone predictive testing to learn whether or not they have inherited the gene that causes the disease, and thus learn whether or not they will die from it. 
"Do You Really Want To Know?" received two Golden Sheaf Awards at the 2012 Yorkton Film Festival: Best Documentary (Science/Medicine/Technology), and Best Director (Non-Fiction); a Chris Award at the 2012 Columbus International Film & Video Festival for Best Documentary in the Science + Technology division, and the Best Documentary award at the 2012 Okanagan International Film Festival. It's broadcast premiere took place on November 13, 2012 on Knowledge Network and viewers in British Columbia, Canada can watch the full film on Knowledge Network's website.

</doc>
<doc id="2880912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880912" title="Kooralbyn, Queensland">
Kooralbyn, Queensland

Kooralbyn lies in the Australia's Gold Coast hinterland, approximately south-west of Beaudesert, itself some south of Brisbane in South East Queensland, and west from Queensland's Gold Coast. It is part of the Scenic Rim local government area.
History.
First European settlement in the area can be traced back to the 1830s when southern timber millers sought the quality hardwoods of the lower valleys. It was not until Australia's first major land booms in the 1840s that free settler pastoralists migrated to the region. Kooralbyn subsequently became one of the region's most significant pastoral estates, the land used largely for cattle grazing.
Modern.
Kooralbyn, commonly referred to as "The Valley" by its residents (due to the former name "Kooralbyn Valley") is home to more kangaroos than people. The residential streets, avenues, courts and roads wind around the undulating terrain and usually end up at a water tower.
The town consists of a shopping complex (with real estate, fuel, groceries and other conveniences), a hotel, an 18-hole golf course, polo fields, an airstrip, a light commercial area, an indoor ski field (year-round, under development at the time of writing), mini golf, tennis, self-contained accommodation, The Kooralbyn International School, and other facilities.
Resort.
In 1979 work began on a resort that featured a diverse range of recreational facilities. 55 hillside holiday houses were completed in 1982 and designed by Harry Seidler. 
In 1991 a new hotel was added to the resort. In July 2008 the resort and golf course closed and went into liquidation. In June 2014 Peter Huang, founder of the Youg Real Estate group, settled on the purchase of the Kooralbyn Resort.

</doc>
<doc id="2880916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880916" title="National Higher Education Entrance Examination">
National Higher Education Entrance Examination

The National Higher Education Entrance Examination (also translated as National Matriculation Examination, often abbreviated as NCEE, short for National College Entrance Examination), commonly known as Gaokao (高考), is an academic examination held annually in People's Republic of China. This examination is a prerequisite for entrance into almost all higher education institutions at the undergraduate level. It is usually taken by students in their last year of senior high school, although there has been no age restriction since 2001.
In 2006, a record high of 9.5 million people applied for tertiary education entry in China. Of these, 8.8 million (93%) are scheduled to take the national entrance exam and 27,600 (0.28%) have been exempted from standardized exams (保送) due to exceptional or special talent. Everyone else (700,000 students) will take other standardized entrance exams, such as those designed for adult education students.
The overall mark received by the student is generally a weighted sum of their subject marks. The maximum possible mark varies widely from year to year and also varies from province to province.
History.
The National Higher Education Entrance Examination (or NCEE, the National College entrance Exam), commonly known as the gaokao (高考) was created in 1952. 
The unified national college entrance examination in 1952 marked the start of reform of National Matriculation Tests Policies in the newly established PRC. With the implementation of the first Five Year Plan in 1953, the NMTP was further enhanced. After repeated discussions and experiments, the NMTP was eventually set as a fundamental policy system in 1959. From 1958, the college entrance examination system was affected by the Great Leap Forward Movement. Soon, unified recruitment was replaced by separate recruitment by individual or unified tertiary education institutions. Meanwhile, political censorship on candidate students was enhanced. Since 1962, criticism of the NMT system had become even harsher, because it hurt benefits of the working class. On July 1966, the NMT was officially canceled and substituted by a new admission policy of recommending workers, farmers and soldiers to college. During the next ten years, the Down to the Countryside Movement, initiated by Mao Zedong, forced both senior and junior secondary school graduates, the so-called "intellectual youths", to go to the country and work as farmers in the villages. Against the backdrop of world revolution, millions of such young people, some full of religious-like fervor, joined the ranks of farmers, working and living alongside them. However, they were soon disillusioned by the reality of hard conditions in the countryside. 
In the early 1970s, Mao Zedong realized that internal political struggle had taken too big a toll on him as well as the nation and decided to resume the operation of universities. However, the students were selected based on political and family backgrounds rather than academic achievements. This practice continued until the death of Mao in September 1976. In late 1977, Deng Xiaoping, then under Hua Guofeng, the heir apparent of Mao, officially resumed the traditional examination based on academics, the National Higher Education Entrance Examination, which has continued to the present day.
The first such examination after the Cultural Revolution took place in late 1977 and was a history-making event. There was no limit on the age and official educational background of examinees. Consequently, most of the hopefuls who had accumulated during the ten years of the Cultural Revolution and many others who simply wanted to try their luck emerged from society for the examination. The youngest were in their early teens and the oldest were in their late thirties. The questions in the examinations were designed by the individual provinces. The total number of candidate students for the national college entrance exam in 1977 was as many as 5.7 million. Although the Ministry of Education eventually expanded enrollment, adding 63,000 more to the admission quota, the admission ratio of 4.8% was the lowest in the history of the PRC, with only 272,971 students being admitted.
Starting from 1978, the examination was uniformly designed by the Ministry of Education and all the students across the country took exactly the same examination.
However, reforms on the content and form of the exam have never stopped, among which the permission for individual provinces to customize their own exams has been the most salient. The Ministry of Education allowed the College Enrollment Office of Shanghai to employ an independent exam in 1985, which was the beginning of provincial proposition. In the same year, Guangdong was also permitted to adopt independent proposition. Starting from 2003, Beijing, Tianjin, Jiangsu, and Zhejiang were allowed to adopt independent propositions. Till now, there have been 16 provinces and municipalities adopting customized exams.
Although today's admission rate is much higher than in 1977, 1978 and before the 1990s, it is still fairly low compared to the availability of higher education in the Western world. Consequently, the examination is highly competitive, and the prospective examinees and their parents experience enormous pressure. For the majority, it is a watershed that divides two dramatically different lives.
• In 1970, less than 1% of Chinese people had attended higher education; however, university admissions places are less than 1/1000 of the whole population of China. In the 1970s, 70% of students who were recommended to go to university had political backgrounds reflecting the political nature of university selection at the time. At the same time, the undergraduate course system narrowed down the time from 4 years to 3 years. According to incomplete statistics, from 1966 to 1977, institutions of higher learning recruited 940,000 people who belonged to the worker-peasant-soldier group.
For most provinces, the National Higher Education Entrance Examination is held once a year (in recent years some of the provinces in China hold examinations twice a year and the extra one is called the Spring Entrance Examination). The previous schedule (before 2003) of the National Higher Education Entrance Examination was in July every year. It now takes place in June every year. Partial Provincial administrative units determine the schedule of the exams on the 7th and 8th of June.
Procedure.
The National Higher Education Entrance Examination is not uniform across the country, but administered uniformly within each province of China or each direct-controlled municipality. The National Higher Education Entrance Examination is graded variously across the country. It is arranged at the end of the spring semester and secondary school graduates across the country take the examination simultaneously over a three-day period. Prior to 2003, the examination was held in July, but has since been moved to the month of June. This move was made in consideration of the adverse effects of hot weather on students living in southern China and possible flooding during the rainy season in July.
In different places, students list their university or college preferences prior to the exam, after the exam, or after they learnt their scores. The preferences are given in several tiers (including at least early admissions, key universities, regular universities, technical colleges), each of which can contain around 4-6 choices in institution and program. In some places, students list preferences of different tiers at different times. For example, in Shanghai, students list their preference for early admission, key universities and regular universities prior to the exam, but other colleges after they learned of their scores.
The exam is administered for two or three days. Three subjects are mandatory everywhere: Chinese, Mathematics, and a foreign language—usually English, but this may also be substituted by Japanese, Russian or French. The other six standard subjects are three sciences: Physics, Chemistry, Biology, and three humanities: History, Geography, and Political Education. Applicants to science/engineering or art/humanities programs typically take one to three from the respective category. Since the 2000s, an integrated test, science integrated test, humanities integrated test or wider integrated test has been introduced in some places. This integrated test may or may not be considered during admission. In addition, some special regional subjects are required or optional in some places. Currently, the actual requirement varies from province to province.
However, the general requirements are as follows:
And the following are restrictions for those who are prohibited from taking the exam:
Applicants to some specialist programs are also screened by additional criteria: some art departments (e.g. audition), military and police schools (political screening and physical exam), and some sports programs (tryout).
Scores obtained in the examinations can be used in applying universities outside mainland China. Among all the places, the counterpart Hong Kong is on their top list. In 2007, 7 students with overall highest score in their provinces entered Hong Kong's universities rather than the two major universities in mainland China. In 2010, over 1,200 students entered the 12 local institutions which provide teritary education courses through this examination. In addition, City University of Hong Kong and Chinese University of Hong Kong directly participate in the application procedure like other mainland universities.
The examination is essentially the only criterion for tertiary education admissions. A poor performance on the test almost always means giving up on that goal. Students hoping to attend university will spend most of their waking moments studying prior to the exam. If they fail in their first attempt, some of them repeat the last year of high school life and make another attempt the following year.
Examination systems.
"3+X" Examination System.
As a pilot examination system used in order to promote education system reform, this examination system has been implemented in most parts of the country, including Beijing City, Tianjin City, Hebei Province, Liaoning Province, Jilin Province, Heilongjiang Province, Anhui Province, Fujian Province, Guangdong Province, Jiangxi Province, Henan Province, Shandong Province, Hubei Province, Hunan Province, Shaanxi Province, Sichuan Province, Guizhou Province, Yunnan Province, Shanxi Province, Chongqing City, Gansu Province, Qinghai Province, Inner Mongolia, Guangxi, Ningxia, Xinjiang and Tibet。
"4+X" Examination System.
This system was used after the New Curriculum Reform being employed in Guangdong province, and now it has been abandoned.
"3+1+X" Examination System.
This system has been implemented in Shanghai since the employment of comprehensive courses.
"3+2+X" Examination System.
This is a pilot college entrance examination system implemented by the Jiangsu Province in 2003 (still in use in 2012) after examining other testing systems.
"3+X+1" Examination System.
This is part of the curriculum reform in China.
Criticisms.
Corruption.
Due to the importance placed on this exam, there has been strong pressure to keep the processes transparent and corruption-free. The government's efforts have not been entirely satisfactory. Leaking of exam content, bribery, and other abuses are still being constantly exposed.
Independent proposition.
Regional imbalance of social and economic development has resulted in disparity in education levels across China, which gives credit to provincial proposition. However, provincial governments have to increase budget on education in order to offset the declining credibility of the exam caused by lack of experienced proposition experts and management personnel, which will, more or less, cause a repetitive investment in human resources, finance or material. Moreover, independent proposition covers regional discrimination generated by huge disparity of cut off scores between different provinces.
Regional discrimination.
A university usually sets a fixed admission quota for each province, with a higher number of students coming from its home province. As the advanced educational resources (number and quality of universities) are distributed unevenly across China, it is argued that people are being discriminated against during the admission process based on their geographic region. For example, compared to Beijing, Henan province has fewer universities per capita. Therefore, Henan usually receives fewer admission quotas compared with Beijing, which makes a significantly higher position among applicants necessary for a Henan candidate to be admitted by the same university than his Beijing counterpart. The unequal admission schemes for different provinces and regions might intensify competition among examinees from provinces with fewer advanced education resources. For example, Beijing University planned to admit 1800 science students from Beijing (with 80,000 candidates in total), but only 38 from Shandong (with 660,000 candidates in total). This is not similar to the practice of regional universities in other countries which receive subsidies from regional governments in addition to or in place of those received from central governments, as universities in China largely depend on state budget rather than local budget. However, this regionally preferential policy does provide subsidies to students from under-developed regions that enjoy limited educational resources, such as Tibet and Xinjiang.
The regional discrimination can be proved by the disparities between ratios of a province's enrollment of students to the total number of candidate students of the province. In 2010, acceptance rate for students from Beijing, Shanghai, Shandong and Henan who applied for universities of the first-ranking category were 20.1%, 18%, 7.1% and 3.5% respectively. High acceptance rates are likely to appear in the most and least developed cities and provinces, such as Beijing, Shanghai or Qinghai. In contrast, acceptance rates remain relatively equal among provinces of the average developmental level.
In recent years, varied admission standards have led some families to relocate for the sole purpose of advancing their children's chances of entering university.
In addition, regional discrimination is not only restricted to the ratio for admission. This is best illustrated with an example of the Hubei Province. Students who can just reach the admission cut-off score for a key university in their entrance examination are more likely to be admitted by a much better university if they take the entrance examination held in Beijing, which has now been prohibited.
Some local students in Hong Kong complained that it was unfair that the increasing intake of Mainland students who have performed at a high level in this examination increases the admission grades of universities, making it harder for local students to get admission. In 2010, more than 5,000 out of the 17,000 students who achieved the minimum university entry requirement were not offered places in any degree courses in the UGC-funded universities.
Special concessions.
There are special concessions for members of ethnic minorities, foreign nationals, persons with family origin in Taiwan, and children of military casualties. Students can also receive bonus marks by achieving high results in academic Olympiads, other science and technology competitions, sporting competitions, as well as "political or moral" distinction.
Psychological pressure.
Because Gaokao is one of the most influential examinations in China and the fact that students can only take the test once a year, both teachers and students undergo tremendous pressure in preparing for and taking the exam. For teachers, because the society focuses on the rate of admission into universities, teachers have to pay more attention to the ability of taking exams of students. Because of this, teachers would like to give students more and more practice for exams. This teaching methodology, colloquially referred to as "cramming", involves students memorizing large volumes of information fed to them by teachers and undertaking many practice exercises in order to optimize exam writing ability. One of the disadvantages of this method is the lack of focus on teaching critical thinking and ignoring students' emotions, values and personalities.
Many examinees suffer from severe nervousness during the test. In some cases, examinees may faint in the examination room.
Further and more deep stemming criticisms have been leveled that the testing system is the "most pressure packed examination in the world." Behaviors surrounding the testing period have been extreme under some reports, with doctors in Tianjin purportedly prescribing birth control pills to female students whose parents wanted to ensure the girls were not menstruating at the time of examination. Testing pressure, for some critics, has been linked to faintings, increased drop out rates, and even increasing rates of teenage clinical depression and suicide in China.

</doc>
<doc id="2880917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880917" title="DSP1">
DSP1

DSP1 or DSP-1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2880920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880920" title="George T. Miller">
George T. Miller

George Trumbull Miller (born 1943) is a Scottish-born Australian film and television director and producer. He has directed "", "Journey to the Center of the Earth", "The Man from Snowy River", "Prey" and "Zeus and Roxanne".
He started his career in 1966 working for Crawfords. "They trained you to do everything, they'd throw you in at the deep end to see if you sank or swam," he said. "I was one of the ones who swam – you wouldn't get that training anywhere now."
Miller says he was offered to direct "Crocodile Dundee" but had to turn it down because he was going to make another film at the time, which turned out to not be made.

</doc>
<doc id="2880922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880922" title="Finast">
Finast

Finast was a retail supermarket brand that existed in the northeastern United States until consolidating all its Northeast stores under the Edwards Super Food Store brand by its Dutch parent Royal Ahold in the mid-1990s. Finast was an acronym for First National Stores. Commonly referred to as "The First National," the chain operated under that name for decades, and ultimately created the Finast acronym for its store-brand products. Several years later, most of its stores were renamed Finast during a modernization effort. 
Finast was based in Somerville, Massachusetts. When the chain was purchased by Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets of Ohio in 1978, headquarters for the New England region were moved to the Windsor Locks, Connecticut distribution center while corporate headquarters were moved to Maple Heights, Ohio. Ahold purchased Finast in 1988, marking their entry into the U.S. market. Ahold completed converting the last Pick-N-Pay locations to Finast in 1994.
The stores not absorbed into Edwards, mostly in the Cleveland, Ohio area, retained the Finast name through the 1990s. After purchasing Stop & Shop in the 1990s, Ahold was forced to sell many of the Edwards locations, which initiated a restructuring of all its chains. The remaining Midwest Finast stores were rebadged as Tops Friendly Markets, its Buffalo, New York-based unit. Ahold continued to use "Finast" on its private-label products in its grocery chains, including Giant-Carlisle, after retiring the Finast banner, phasing out "Finast" in favor of products matching each chain's name. Today there are no longer any active Finast markets in operation in the U.S. market, with most either being rebranded or closed.
The "First National" chain is referred to in H.P. Lovecraft's classic 1936 novella The Shadow Over Innsmouth, as Lovecraft mentions that a local branch in that chain is one the few connections Innsmouth has with the outside world.

</doc>
<doc id="2880924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880924" title="Charles Nungesser">
Charles Nungesser

Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser, MC (15 March 1892 – presumably on or after 8 May 1927) was a French ace pilot and adventurer, best remembered as a rival of Charles Lindbergh. Nungesser was a renowned ace in France, rating third highest in the country for air combat victories during World War I.
After the war, Nungesser mysteriously disappeared on an attempt to make the first non-stop transatlantic flight from Paris to New York, flying with wartime comrade François Coli in "The White Bird" ("L'Oiseau Blanc"). Their aircraft took off from Paris on 8 May 1927, was sighted once more over Ireland, and then was never seen again. The disappearance of Nungesser is considered one of the great mysteries in the history of aviation, and modern speculation is that the aircraft was either lost over the Atlantic or crashed in Newfoundland or Maine. Two weeks after Nungesser and Coli's attempt, Charles Lindbergh successfully made the journey, flying solo from New York to Paris in "Spirit of St. Louis". Monuments and museums honoring Nungesser and Coli's attempt exist at the Le Bourget airport in Paris and on the cliffs of Étretat, the location from which their plane was last sighted in France.
Early life.
Charles Nungesser was born on 15 March 1892 in Paris, and as a child was very interested in competitive sports. After attending the École des Arts et Métiers, where he was a mediocre student who nonetheless excelled in sports such as boxing, he went to South America; first to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to search for an uncle who could not be located and then onto Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he worked as an auto mechanic before becoming a professional racer. His interest in racing soon led him to flying airplanes; Nungesser learned to fly by using a Blériot plane owned by a friend. After he eventually found his missing uncle, he worked on his sugar plantation in the Buenos Aires province.
World War I exploits.
Enlisting in the cavalry.
When World War I broke out, Nungesser returned to France where he enlisted with the 2e Régiment de Hussards. During one patrol, he and several soldiers commandeered a German Mors patrol car after killing its occupants. This impressed his superiors, and he was subsequently awarded the Medaille Militaire and granted his request to be transferred to the Service Aéronautique.
Serving in the Service Aéronautique.
By the time Nungesser left VB106, he had flown 53 bombing missions. He had also emblazoned at least one of the escadrille's planes with his elaborate gruesome personal insignia: the freebooter's skull and crossbones and a coffin with two candles.
After retraining, in November 1915 he was transferred to Escadrille N.65 (the 65th Squadron) and was later attached to the famous Lafayette Escadrille, composed of American volunteers. While visiting the Escadrille on one of his convalescent periods recuperating from his wounds, he borrowed a plane and shot down another German while he was there. By the end of 1916, he had claimed 21 air kills.
Undisciplined at times.
Despite being a decorated pilot, Nungesser was placed under house arrest on more than one occasion for flying without permission. He disliked strict military discipline and went to Paris to enjoy its many pleasures (such as alcohol and women) as often as possible. He was a leading fighter pilot, whose combat exploits against the Germans were widely publicized in France. Nungesser's rugged good looks, flamboyant personality, and appetite for danger, beautiful women, wine and fast cars made him the embodiment of the stereotypical flying ace. He would sometimes arrive for morning patrol still dressed in the tuxedo he'd worn the night before and even occasionally with a female companion. In contrast to the unsociable but nonetheless top French ace René Fonck, Nungesser was well liked by his comrades. Nungesser suffered a very bad crash on 6 February 1916 that broke both his legs, and he would be injured again many times. He was often so hobbled by wounds and injuries that he had to be helped into his cockpit.
Victories as a flying ace.
Notwithstanding these early setbacks, Nungesser became an ace in April 1916. He was wounded on 19 May 1916 but continued to score and would be wounded again in June. Nevertheless, he finished the year with 21 victories. It was during this time he downed two German aces, Hans Schilling on 4 December, and Kurt Haber on the 20th.
His silver Nieuport 17 plane was decorated with a black heart-shaped field, a macabre Jolly Roger, and a coffin and candles painted inside. He had adopted the title "The Knight of Death," paraphrasing the French word "mort" ("death"), a play on words for the German Mors vehicle, like the one he had earlier captured while as a cavalryman.
In early 1917, Nungesser had to return to hospital for treatment of injuries but managed to avoid being grounded. He had pushed his score to 30 by 17 August 1917, when he downed his second Gotha bomber. Injuries from a car crash in December got him a month's respite as an instructor before he returned to flying combat with Escadrille 65. He still flew a Nieuport, even though the squadron had re-equipped with Spads. By May 1918, he had 35 victories, including a shared victory each with Jacques Gérard and Eugène Camplan, and was raised to Officer of the Légion d'honneur.
By August 1918, he finally made a radical upgrade to the most recent Spad, the Spad XIII, and began to win again. On 14 August, he shot down four observation balloons for wins 39 through 42. The following day, he shared a win with Marcel Henriot and another pilot and finished the war with 43 official victories, the third highest number among French fliers behind René Fonck and Georges Guynemer.
In his flying career, Nungesser received dozens of military decorations from France, Belgium, Montenegro, United States of America, Portugal, Russia, and Serbia.
Wounds and injuries.
By the end of the war, a succinct summary of Nungesser's wounds and injuries read: "Skull fracture, brain concussion, internal injuries (multiple), five fractures of the upper jaw, two fractures of lower jaw, piece of anti-aircraft shrapnel imbedded in right arm, dislocation of knees (left and right), re-dislocation of left knee, bullet wound in mouth, bullet wound in ear, atrophy of tendons in left leg, atrophy of muscles in calf, dislocated clavicle, dislocated wrist, dislocated right ankle, loss of teeth, contusions too numerous to mention."
Post WWI activities and disappearance.
Work in the film industry.
After the conclusion of World War I in November 1918, he tried to organize a private flying school but failed to attract enough students. As the post-World War I economic recession had left many World War I aces without a job, he decided to take his chances with cinema in the United States, where the days of heroic flying was a very popular theme. It was when Nungesser was in the U.S. doing the film "The Dawn Patrol" that he became interested in the idea of making a transatlantic flight and told his friends his next trip to America would be by air.
In 1923 Nungesser became engaged to Consuelo Hatmaker.
Attempt at aircraft sales.
In late 1923, Nungesser headed up an ill-starred voyage to Havana. Having been invited by the secretary to the President, José Manuel Cortina, when the latter was vacationing in Paris, Nungesser seemed to have assumed he had received an official tender from the Cuban government. At any rate, Nungesser brought four World War I Spads with him, as well as two fellow veterans. Nungesser based the Spads with the Cuban Air Corps at Campo Colombia. He then proposed that the Cubans buy forty or more airplanes from him. When the Cuban Army pleaded lack of budget, Nungesser so aggressively importuned the Cuban Congress that the Cuban army Chief of Staff, General Alberto Herrera y Franchi, threatened to throw Nungesser's party out of the country. On 10 February 1924, the French ace ended his Cuban sojourn with a fundraising flying exhibition, proceeds going to charity.
Nungesser disappears.
Francois Coli, a navigator already known for making historic flights across the Mediterranean, had been planning a transatlantic flight since 1923, with his wartime comrade Paul Tarascon, another World War I ace. When Tarascon had to drop out because of an injury from a crash, Nungesser came in as a replacement. Nungesser and Coli took off from Le Bourget airport near Paris on 8 May 1927, heading for New York in their "L'Oiseau Blanc" (The White Bird) aircraft, a Levasseur PL.8 biplane painted with Nungesser's old World War I insignia. Their plane was last sighted heading past Ireland, and, when they never arrived, the assumption was that their plane had crashed in the North Atlantic Ocean. Two weeks later, American aviator Charles Lindbergh successfully crossed from New York to Paris and was given an immense hero's welcome by the French, even as they mourned for the losses of Nungesser and Coli.
Over the years, there have been various investigations to try to determine what happened to Nungesser and Coli. Most believe that the plane came down in the Atlantic due to a rain squall, but the aircraft has never been recovered. The leading alternate theory is that the aircraft may have crashed in Maine.
Commemoration.
In 1928, the Ontario Surveyor General named a number of lakes in the northwest of the province to honour aviators who had perished during 1927, mainly in attempting oceanic flights. Amongst these are Nungesser Lake () and Coli Lake ().
For details of other memorials, see The White Bird#Legacy.
Charles Nungesser in film.
In the scenes of the first American air fighting super production film, "The Dawn Patrol" (1930), Nungesser was flying himself in his own plane with The Knight of Death emblem on it. The plane was not a Nieuport 17, however, but a Hanriot HD.1 type. The film became a success due to the many scenes of spectacular dogfighting shot four years before the film was released and when, of course, Nungesser was still alive. A number of other aces of World War I of various nationalities have been used as well to fly planes in similar film productions or airshow demonstrations.
Contrary to rumor, Nungesser was not one of the stunt pilots killed during the filming of "Hell's Angels" (1930), the epic aviation movie by Howard Hughes.
In the 1970s, a French film with the same title ("Les as des as") starring Jean-Paul Belmondo extensively used many anecdotes on Nungesser's life. In addition to dogfighting, his night life in Paris had become a legend of sorts.
A 1999 Canadian made-for-TV children's special movie, "Dead Aviators" (airing on U.S. cable TV as "Restless Spirits"), uses the mystery of the disappearance of "The White Bird" as the key plot device. A young girl, who struggles with her pilot-father's death in a plane crash years before, visits her grandmother in Newfoundland. While there, she encounters the ghosts of Nungesser and Coli, whose restless spirits constantly relive their own unheralded 1927 crash in a nearby pond. The girl decides to help the pair move onto the afterlife by assisting them in rebuilding their airplane and completing their flight so they may be released and, by doing so, works through her own emotional distress over her father's test flight death. The depiction of "The White Bird" and Nungesser's crest and dialog references to Nungesser's wartime achievements are very consistent with some published accounts.
In "Attack of the Hawkmen", the 37th episode in the 1992 to 1996 television miniseries, "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles" by George Lucas, the character Indiana Jones (played by Sean Patrick Flanery) meets French ace pilot Charles Nungesser (played by Patrick Toomey), when the young adult Indiana Jones, as a Belgian officer, is temporarily attached to the Lafayette Escadrille. In this episode, Nungesser is depicted as the squadron's reckless, flamboyant and charismatic hero, who parties in Paris and duels with The Red Baron. During the 38th episode, Nungesser flies Young Indiana in and out of Germany in a German biplane to accomplish an undercover spy mission concerning Dutch aircraft manufacturer Anthony Fokker (played by Craig Kelly), who was building new planes like the Fokker Dr.I for Germany's war effort.
Citations of honors.
Médaille militaire citation
"Brigadier of the 2nd Light Cavalry Regiment, on 3 September 1914, with his officer having been wounded during the course of a reconnaissance, he at first sheltered him, then with the assistance of several foot soldiers, after having replaced the disabled officer, he secured an auto and brought back the papers by crossing an area under fire by the enemy."
Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur citation, 4 December 1915
"Pilot[,] detached at his own request to an Escadrille in the rear, has never ceased since his arrival to seek any occasion to fly; flying up to four hours, thirty minutes each day in spite of the inclement weather. During the course of his last combat he gave proof of the highest moral qualities by approaching to within 10 meters the enemy machine he was pursuing firing in response up to the last moment. He succeeded in downing his adversary which caught fire and exploded in front of the French trenches."
Officier de la Légion d'honneur citation, 19 May 1918
"Incomparable pursuit pilot, with exceptional knowledge and magnificent bravery, which reflect the power and inflexible will of his ancestry. In the cavalry, where during his first engagements he earned the Médaille militaire, then in a groupe de bombardement where for his daily prowess he was cited several times in orders and was decorated with the Legion of Honor, and finally with an Escadrille de chasse, for thirty months his exploits were prodigious, and he always presented himself as a superb example of tenacity and audacity, displaying an arrogant contempt for death. Absent from the front several times because of crashes and wounds, his ferocious energy was not dampened, and he returned each time to the fray, with his spirit undaunted gaining victory after victory, finally becoming famous as the most feared adversary for German aviation. 31 enemy aircraft downed, three balloons flamed, two wounds, fifteen citations."

</doc>
<doc id="2880926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880926" title="Descartes (disambiguation)">
Descartes (disambiguation)

Descartes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2880933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880933" title="Virginia State Route 147">
Virginia State Route 147

Virginia State Route 147 (SR 147) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from U.S. Route 60 (US 60) in Midlothian east to US 60 in Richmond. SR 147 connects Midlothian with the West End of Richmond via the Huguenot Memorial Bridge across the James River. Within Richmond, the state highway follows Cary Street, a major thoroughfare that connects the city's two major universities, the University of Richmond and Virginia Commonwealth University, with Downtown Richmond.
Route description.
SR 147 begins at an intersection with US 60 (Midlothian Turnpike) in Midlothian. The south leg of the intersection is SR 653 (Courthouse Road), which heads south toward Chesterfield Court House. SR 147 heads north as Huguenot Road, a four-lane divided highway that heads north through the expansive commercial area that surrounds the SR 147–US 60 intersection. The state highway veers northeast and intersects SR 711 (Robious Road) at the hamlet of Robious. The intersection also includes Norfolk Southern Railway's Richmond District rail line, which passes through the center of the junction at grade. SR 147 parallels the railroad east, then veers northeast through the Bon Air sections of Chesterfield County. The state highway enters the independent city of Richmond just south of its partial cloverleaf interchange with SR 150 (Chippenham Parkway).
SR 147 passes through the Southampton neighborhood of Richmond's South Side before meeting Riverside Drive at a partial cloverleaf interchange at the south end of the Huguenot Memorial Bridge, where the highway reduces to two lanes. The bridge crosses the James River, CSX's Rivanna Subdivision, and the defunct James River and Kanawha Canal east of the remnants of the Westham Bridge, SR 147's original crossing of the river. The state highway enters Henrico County at the south shore of the James River. At the north end of the bridge, SR 147 expands to a four-lane divided highway that curves east and intersects River Road just west of the Richmond city limit. River Road provides access to the University of Richmond, including the University of Richmond School of Law and the university's athletic complex, which includes Malcolm U. Pitt Field, the Robins Center, and E. Claiborne Robins Stadium.
SR 147 continues east as two-lane River Road through Richmond's West End. The state highway becomes Cary Street at its intersection with Three Chopt Road in the center of the Rio Vista neighborhood, whose riverfront contains the Wilton House Museum. SR 147 continues southeast through the affluent Windsor Farms neighborhood, which contains the historic, imported homes Agecroft Hall and Virginia House. West of its junction with the western end of SR 197 (Malvern Avenue), the state highway expands to four lanes, which it maintains east to its freeway interchange and crossing of CSX's North End Subdivision just west of Thompson Street. The interchange includes ramps to and from southbound SR 76 (Powhite Parkway), eastbound SR 195 (Downtown Expressway), and via Thompson Street, northbound Interstate 195 (I-195) (Beltline Expressway).
At Thompson Street, SR 147 becomes a one-way pair, with eastbound following Cary Street and westbound following Elwood Avenue through the Carytown neighborhood, which features the historic Byrd Theatre, the site of the annual VCU French Film Festival. The westbound street's name changes to Main Street east of the street's intersection with SR 161 (Boulevard). As SR 147 passes through the Fan district, Cary Street is paralleled one block to the south by SR 195. The state highway veers east to pass through the campus of Virginia Commonwealth University, then veers southeast into downtown Richmond at its intersections with US 1 and US 301 (Belvidere Street) on the south side of Monroe Park. SR 147 passes through the Commonwealth Club Historic District and by the historic Jefferson Hotel, the Ellen Glasgow House, and the Barret House before reaching its eastern terminus at US 60 two blocks west of the Virginia State Capitol. US 60 enters downtown from the Manchester Bridge on 8th and 9th Streets and turns southeast onto Cary Street and Main Street to pass through Shockoe Slip.

</doc>
<doc id="2880937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880937" title="Kalkadoon">
Kalkadoon

Kalkadoon (Kalkatungu), Indigenous Australian tribe living in the Mount Isa region of Queensland. In 1884 they were massacred at "Battle Mountain", in a fight against police.
The first Europeans to visit the area were explorers Burke and Wills who crossed the Cloncurry River in 1861.
Edward Palmer settled on the edge of their country in 1864, and tried to learn their language. Ernest Henry arrived in 1866, discovering copper and founding the Great Australia Mine. He was able to get Kalkadoon people to work for him at the Argyle Mine and at Mount Oxide.
Burketown was a town established on the Gulf of Carpentaria, with friction growing after many white settlers came south from there into the region. 
Many settlers were killed, and a native police contingent ambushed by the Kalkadoon.
In January 1883 the Cloncurry Native Police force was attacked as they camped in the McKinlay Range. The Officer in Charge of the police force and three other troopers were killed, while one survivor had to walk twenty miles to alert the authorities, with a spear still in him.
In 1884 James Powell was killed with a spear while herding cattle. Police Sub Inspector Frederick Charles Urquhart, and Alexander Kennedy from Scotland tracked the Kalkadoons and there was a masscre of them in a gorge, where women and children were also killed.
A Chinese shepherd was murdered in September on Granada Station in the foothills of the Argylla Ranges, sparking reprisals, where the Kalkadoon took a stand on a steep hill, what was known as Battle Mountain. The first charge of 200 police and men on horseback failed because of the steep slope and the spears and rocks which were hurled at them. The Aborigines hid behind rocks on the hill and so could not be shot by the police. Urquhart was injured and knocked unconscious for several hours, after which he divided his forces and attacked on two fronts. Following this, the Kalkadoon left their defensive positions and charged the police, and were mowed down from rifle fire, with more than 200 killed.
The Kalkadoon have been commemorated in the name of the Kalkadoon Grasswren.

</doc>
<doc id="2880942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880942" title="Greek Picnic">
Greek Picnic

The Greek Picnic is an annual week-long event during the month of July in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Originally designed as a reunion celebrating African-American college fraternities and sororities, it later gained popularity among a large population that do not attend college due to its various popular social activities. "Sister" events also include the Greek Festival in Hampton, Virginia; The Atlanta Greek Picnic in Atlanta, Georgia; The Charlotte Greek Picnic in Charlotte, NC; the Texas Greek Picnic in Houston, Texas, Nashville Greek Picnic in Nashville, Tennessee and Bikers Week in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
History.
The Philadelphia Greek Picnic celebrated its 31st year on July 9, 2005 at the Belmont Grove in Fairmount Park. The Philadelphia Greek Picnic continues to be the nation’s oldest reunion for members of the historic nine African-American fraternities and sororities and people who appreciate and understand college and African American Greek-lettered life.
The Philadelphia Greek Picnic is co-sponsored by the City of Philadelphia, the Office of the Managing Director, the Fairmount Park Commission, the Philadelphia Police Department and the National Pan-Hellenic Council Inc. of Philadelphia. It is managed and coordinated by volunteers of the nine organizations wishing to make the entire week-long experience unforgettable based upon the themes of
Scholarship, Fellowship and Respect.
Popularity.
During the early to mid 1990s the picnic grew national notoriety, attracting college students and party-goers from all over the east coast of the United States. The primary festival held in Fairmount Park frequently registered an attendance of 100,000+ people, with another 100,000-200,000 people scattered across the city in support of the events. Also various hip-hop and R&B celebrities can be seen attending the events.
During the week the city receives a large economic boost due to tourism. Hotel and rental-car companies throughout Philadelphia, South Jersey, and Delaware are reserved weeks to months in advance and opportunities for price gouging as the event grows closer are prevalent.
In recent years, the event has grown smaller, quieter and less troublesome to the police as well as attendants due to restructuring by the event organizers.
Detractions.
From the mid to late 1990s the Greek Picnic regressed into an event spoiled by frequent cases of assault, gun-related violence, car-jacking, sexual harassment, sexual assault, and other crimes that seem to only happen at this specific event as opposed to other large gatherings within the city of Philadelphia.
Also during the event, traffic in the Philadelphia Area, particularly in West Philadelphia and South Street is at its most congested level for the year. The Philadelphia Police department often requires significant overtime of its officers for traffic control as well as crime deterrence.
Events.
The usual events during the week of the Greek Picnic are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="2880953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880953" title="Mack Wilberg">
Mack Wilberg

Mack Wilberg (born in 1955 in Orangeville, Utah) is a composer, arranger, conductor, choral clinician and the current music director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. He was the associate director of the choir and music director of the Temple Square Chorale for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from May 1999 until his appointment as director on March 28, 2008.
Biography.
Wilberg was raised in Castle Dale, Utah, and served an LDS mission in South Korea where he was part of "New Horizons", a vocal group made up of LDS missionaries.
Wilberg attended Brigham Young University upon finishing his missionary service, and earned a bachelor's degree in music in 1979. He concentrated on piano and composition. He then earned a master's and a PhD in music from the Thornton School of Music at the University of Southern California.
He is a former professor of music at Brigham Young University (BYU) where he directed the Brigham Young University Men's Chorus and Concert Choir. At BYU he was a member of the famous American Piano Quartet which included Paul Pollei, himself, and different other pianist at different times (Massimiliano Frani, Del Parkinson, Ronald Staheli, and Douglas Humphreys). This group toured throughout the world and commissioned many original works. Wilberg himself made many of their arrangements. His compositions and arrangements are performed and recorded by choral organizations throughout the world. In addition to the many compositions he has written for the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, his works have been performed by such artists as Renée Fleming, Frederica von Stade, Bryn Terfel, the King’s Singers, Audra McDonald, David Archuleta, Natalie Cole, Brian Stokes Mitchell and narrators Walter Cronkite and Claire Bloom. 
Wilberg's father was part owner of the family's Wilberg coal mine but died well before the 1984 fire.
He is married to Rebecca and has four children. 

</doc>
<doc id="2880956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880956" title="Burning Sensations">
Burning Sensations

Burning Sensations was a short-lived Los Angeles area rock band. The group is best known for its MTV hit "Belly of the Whale", the music for which blends a rather unique fusion of rock and calypso styles, and for covering the Jonathan Richman song "Pablo Picasso", which was included in both the 1984 film and soundtrack of director Alex Cox's "Repo Man" starring Harry Dean Stanton and Emilio Estevez.
History.
Burning Sensations formed in 1982 and disbanded in 1987. The founder and leader of Burning Sensations, Tim McGovern, was previously a member of The Motels. He is currently fronting the classic rock band Knucklehead in the Pacific Northwest.
Members.
Burning Sensations included:

</doc>
<doc id="2880964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880964" title="Kooralbyn International School">
Kooralbyn International School

The Kooralbyn International School (TKIS) is an independent, co-educational, boarding and day school, located in Kooralbyn, about 64 km south of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. In 2007 and again in 2009, the school was ranked in the Top 20 schools in the state (Queensland) for Year 12 OP results with 89% and 100% of its Year 12 students obtaining an OP1-15 in those respective years. A small school, it manages to produce a high percentage of successful students particularly in sporting endeavours like golf, athletics and equestrian events. TKIS is the only school in Australia to have produced TWO Young Australian of the Year recipients (Cathy Freeman and Scott Hocknull).
History.
The school was originally founded in 1985, at a site on the banks of Cannon Creek now known as the 'Lower campus'. However in the mid-1990s, it was largely relocated to a nearby hillside after flooding incidents in 1990 and 1991 caused extensive damage to the school.A wooden pillar from one of the school's original buildings still stands on the grounds, as a monument to these events.
The original TKIS closed in 2002 due to funding issues. In 2004 TKIS was re-opened with a new Board, Principal (Geoff Mills), new staff and new financial backing, to continue the philosophy and ethos of: 'self belief and a pursuit of excellence' that was created by the school's founders.
Former school principal of the original school Robin Collins and other senior staff members are also responsible for the creation of the Spring Hill based company 'International Education Services' (IES). This company has, since 1998 successfully run the University of Queensland's Foundation Year program in Spring Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="2880968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880968" title="Daisuke Enomoto">
Daisuke Enomoto

However, on August 21, 2006, a Russian Federal Space Agency spokesman announced that Enomoto was "deemed not ready to fly for exclusively medical reasons", although he hinted that Enomoto might recover and join a later mission. His replacement on this particular flight was Iranian-American businesswoman Anousheh Ansari. Enomoto was involved in a lawsuit against Virginia-based Space Adventures in which he hoped to reclaim the $21 million he paid the company over a two-year span. During the lawsuit, it was revealed that the "medical reason" was chronic kidney stones. Space Adventures claims it advised Enomoto to treat the kidney stones aggressively and when he didn't, they had to disqualify him from spaceflight. Enomoto claims the real reason for his disqualification was his refusal to provide additional funds to Space Adventures.
Enomoto would have been the first "self-funded" space tourist from Japan and Asia (journalist Toyohiro Akiyama flew on Soyuz TM-11 in 1990, and could be regarded as the first space business traveller). Enomoto's flight would have taken him to the International Space Station (ISS) after lifting off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, the world's oldest spaceport.
Enomoto made international news when it was revealed that he intended to go into space wearing a costume akin to that of Char Aznable, a character from the anime series "Mobile Suit Gundam". His planned experiment was to put together one or more Gundam models in zero gravity.

</doc>
<doc id="2880969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880969" title="Lombong">
Lombong

Lombong (the mine) is a place which is 15 km away from Kota Tinggi in Johor, Malaysia. A waterfall, Kota Tinggi's main attraction is located nearby. It is named after the small iron ore mine which operates there.

</doc>
<doc id="2880972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880972" title="Cellcom (United States)">
Cellcom (United States)

Cellcom is a regional wireless service provider based in De Pere, Wisconsin, with roots that date back to 1910. Cellcom began providing service from its office in Green Bay in 1987, when its parent company, Nsight, entered the wireless industry.
Outside of its own regional network, the company partners with other regional and national carriers to provide nationwide voice and data service. Cellcom uses CDMA and 4G LTE technology. Cellcom’s retail area includes northeast and central Wisconsin and Michigan’s Upper Peninsula.
Cellcom offers a variety wireless communication devices, including feature handsets, smartphones, home phones, tablets, residential and mobile broadband.
History.
Cellcom’s parent company, Nsight, was founded on March 10, 1910, when a group of Pulaski business people met at the local drug store to discuss providing telephone service to their growing community. From that meeting, the Pulaski Merchants and Farmers Telephone Company formed. 
In 1968 the company’s name changed to Northeast Telephone Company. Northeast Communications, Inc. was formed as a holding company in 1982, and Northeast Telephone Company became a subsidiary. In 1999, Northeast Communications of Wisconsin, Inc. began doing business as Nsight. Today, Nsight’s subsidiaries include Cellcom, Nsight Telservices and Nsight Tower. 
Nsight has been a family-run business since 1923.
Corporate Information.
Executive Leadership
Board of Directors
Green Cell Sites.
The first alternative energy cell site in the upper Midwest, built in Ackley, Wis. and activated on April 22, 2008, delivers wireless service to an area that previously had many dead zones. 
Equipment for the green cell site underwent rigorous testing prior to installation and features multiple backups to ensure continuity of service. The primary source of energy for this site is sunlight collected using a 6.3 kilowatt solar panel array. The energy gathered from the sun is converted into electricity and stored in batteries. The cell site draws energy for operation from these batteries. On dark or cloudy days, energy generated by a wind mill supplements the solar power to maintain operation. A hydrogen fuel cell serves as a backup for both of these energy producers. The final backup is a diesel generator that can be hooked up to maintain service if all other power sources fail. 
In 2010, Cellcom converted the Ackley site to a grid-tie location and it now feeds the extra energy produced from the solar panels and wind turbine back to the power company and, in turn, became even more efficient. 
A second green cell site was activated in 2009 on Chambers Island in Door County. The cliffs lining Door County’s rugged shoreline were blocking the signals from mainland towers, leaving many area residents with limited cellular service, as well as leaving emergency personnel with limited radio coverage. The green cell site runs on batteries charged by solar panels at the base of the tower and a wind turbine installed on tower. A propane generator is available as a back-up source of power if there is inadequate wind or sun to charge the batteries.
Femtocells.
Cellcom was the first CDMA carrier in the U.S. to be a member of the non-profit organization founded in 2007 to promote worldwide femtocell deployment. Femto technology offers a low cost and highly effective solution to dead zones, particularly in small areas such as a home. In addition, a femtocell offers higher data rates, better voice quality and improved multi-media experiences.
In 2009, Cellcom received the first Femtocell Industry Award for significant progress or commercial launch by a small carrier at the Femtocells World Summit in London.
Other Awards.
Cellcom and its parent company Nsight were recognized in 2009 as the business recipient of the Brown County Ethics in Business Awards.
Spokespeople.
Cellcom has a long history of regional nonentities celebrated in their advertising.
Mike Holmgren, former coach of the Green Bay Packers, was the company’s first advertising spokesperson and was featured in advertising from 1996-1999. Ron Wolf, former general manager for the Green Bay Packers, was featured in advertising in 2000. Mike Sherman, former head coach and general manager, was featured from 2002-2005. 
In 2009 and 2010, America’s Got Talent runner-up and Door County-native Eli Mattson served as the company’s spokesperson. 
In 2011, Cellcom began featuring Mike McCarthy, current head coach of the Green Bay Packers, in their advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="2880973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880973" title="Agathaumas">
Agathaumas

Agathaumas (; "great wonder") is a dubious genus of a large ceratopsid dinosaur that lived in Wyoming during the Late Cretaceous (late Maastrichtian stage, 66 million years ago). The name comes from Greek, "αγαν" - 'much' and "θαυμα" - 'wonder'. It is estimated to have been 30 ft long and weighed 6 tons, and was the largest land animal known at the time of its discovery.
It was the first ceratopsian known to science, though relatively little is known about it. The original specimen consisted only of the animal's hip bones, hip vertebrae and ribs, and because these bones vary little between ceratopsid species, it is usually considered a "nomen dubium". It is provisionally considered a synonym of "Triceratops", but is difficult to compare to that genus because it is only known from post-cranial remains.
History.
The fossil remains of "Agathaumas" were first found in 1872 in southwestern Wyoming. They were discovered by Fielding Bradford Meek and H.M. Bannister while they were looking for fossil shells in the Lance Formation (then Laramie Formation) near the Black Butte and Bitter Creek. Meek and Bannister were employed by Ferdinand Hayden's Geological Survey of the Territories, and notified paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope of the find. Cope himself searched the ridge near Black Butte and re-discovered Meek's site, finding huge bones protruding from the rocks near a coal vein. The bones were preserved in sand and clay sediments, packed with fossil sticks and leaves, indicating a heavily forested habitat. Cope later (in 1873) described the skeleton as "the wreck of one of the princes among giants." Later in 1872, Cope published a description and name for the animal, "Agathaumas sylvestris", or "marvelous forest-dweller," in reference to its great size and the environment revealed in the same rocks as its bones. The name "Agathaumas" has been cited as an example of Cope's excitement with this discovery, which was, at the time, the largest known land animal that had ever lived (until several years later, with the discovery of the giant sauropod dinosaurs of the Morrison Formation.
Cope and his team eventually recovered complete hip bones, sacral vertebrae, and several ribs from the animal. Since these were the first ceratopsian remains found, Cope was uncertain as to precisely what sort of dinosaur "Agathaumas" was (and for a time considered it a hadrosaur) until O. C. Marsh described "Triceratops" in 1889.
In an 1889 paper, Cope suggested that Marsh's Ceratopsidae be renamed Agathaumidae, because of the paucity of "Ceratops" remains.
Species.
Type:
Species previously referred to "Agathaumas":
Unfortunately, the bones of the rear half of the animal found are not particularly diagnostic in ceratopsians and "Agathaumas" remains a nomen dubium. No other remains have been found in the area, but based on its size and age of the rocks, it probably was a "Triceratops".
Knight's restoration.
In 1897, artist Charles R. Knight painted "Agathaumas" for Cope. The artwork was later used as basis for a model "Agathaumas" used in the 1925 film "The Lost World". "Agathaumas" has appeared in various forms since then.

</doc>
<doc id="2880982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880982" title="Despised Icon">
Despised Icon

Despised Icon is a Canadian deathcore band from Montreal, Quebec. Formed in 2002, the band is notable for its use of dual lead vocalists; Alex Erian takes use of a mid-range growl technique while Steve Marois uses deep growling vocals, high pitched screams and pig squeals. Despised Icon was known for its work in the underground music industry and have been considered the founders of the deathcore genre. In April 2010, the band announced that they would be disbanding and from there, began a farewell tour held across several countries. Their final six shows were held in Quebec City, Toronto and Montreal during December of that year. In early 2014, it was announced that the band would reform and play several more shows in the spring.
History.
"Consumed by Your Poison" (2002—2004).
Despised Icon was founded in January 2002 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Shortly after their formation, the group signed with Galy Records, and released their debut album, "Consumed by Your Poison" in October of that year. The following year, Despised Icon had undergone several changes in their lineup. In early 2004, the group returned with a new formation, consisting of two vocalists Steve Marois and Alex Erian, guitarists Yannick St-Amand and Eric Jarrin, bassist Sebastien Piche, and drummer Alex Pelletier, and recorded a self-financed EP entitled "Syndicated Murderers", followed by a split EP with Bodies in the Gears of the Apparatus, issued through Relapse Records.
"The Healing Process" (2005—2006).
Despised Icon signed a worldwide deal with Century Media in January 2005. Despised Icon released their second studio album, "The Healing Process" through the label on April 5, 2005. It was produced by the band's guitarist Yannick St-Amand, mixed by Jean-Francois Dagenais and mastered by Alan Douches.
Despised Icon toured in support of "The Healing Process" in 2005, alongside artists including Cryptopsy, Quo Vadis, Vader, Suffocation, Aborted, Immolation, Deicide and continued touring into 2006 with Through the Eyes of the Dead, Ed Gein, Morbid Angel, Behemoth, Hatebreed, Exodus, The Black Dahlia Murder and Napalm Death. During the same year, their debut album, "Consumed by Your Poison" was re-released through Century Media. In early 2007, they went on tour supporting Unearth, along with Job for a Cowboy and Dååth.
"The Ills of Modern Man", "Day of Mourning", and breakup (2007—2010).
The band's third studio album, "The Ills of Modern Man" was recorded and released in 2007 through Century Media Records and was produced by their former guitarist, Yannick St. Amand. That summer, they toured supporting Job for a Cowboy along with The Faceless and A Life Once Lost. Following that tour, they went on tour supporting Suicide Silence, along with Winds of Plague. In the winter of that year, they toured with The Acacia Strain, Full Blown Chaos, The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza, and Ligeia. They also toured supporting Misery Index, along with Beneath the Massacre and Man Must Die. On 18 June 2008, the original bassist Sebastien Piché has left the band due to him having a full-time job and being a new father. Piché was replaced by Max Lavelle from Goratory. They were then on the 2008 Summer Slaughter Tour alongside The Black Dahlia Murder, Vader, Cryptopsy, The Faceless, Aborted, Born of Osiris, Psycroptic, and Whitechapel.
In late October 2008, Despised Icon announced the details of their first DVD, entitled "Montreal Assault", which was released January 27, 2009. The DVD features a multi-camera shoot from the band's sold-out hometown show, along with a documentary, in addition to all their music videos. It was originally intended to be released on January 17, but was delayed due to manufacturing problems. In December 2008, guitarist Al Glassman left Despised Icon to join Job for a Cowboy in replacement of their original guitarist Ravi Bhadriraju.
During their 2009 Montreal Assault Tour, Despised Icon announced that they were recording a new studio album, entitled "Day of Mourning", that was released on by Century Media Records. On July 17, 2009, Despised Icon released their song, "MVP" as the first song off of "Day of Mourning" onto the web. They played on the 2009 Thrash and Burn Tour alongside DevilDriver, Emmure, Veil of Maya, For the Fallen Dreams, Oceano, Periphery, MyChildren MyBride, and Thy Will Be Done. Their fourth album "Day of Mourning" was released as scheduled on September 22, 2009, and reached No. 162 on the "Billboard 200" as of September 30, 2009. A music video was created and released for the title track of the album.
On April 7, 2010, Despised Icon made an announcement that they will be disbanding. They
explained that this is due to the members of the band reaching "a new chapter in their lives, starting families, buying houses and pursuing other careers to make it all happen. Writing music, touring and leaving home for months at a time is slowly becoming impossible because of that. We all decided that it’d be best to pull the plug now and end things right." Their farewell European tour included an appearance at the Hevy Music Festival on August 7, 2010 near Folkestone, UK.
During the year of 2010, Despised Icon played their United States, Australia, Japan, European, and Canadian Tour. On December 2, 2010, Despised Icon performed their final four shows in Toronto (December 2 and 3) along with The Acacia Strain, Ion Dissonance and Oceano, Ontario and their hometown of Montreal, Quebec (December 4 and 5). These shows included their current line-up as well as the past line-ups from their first two records. Since the disbandment, Alexandre Erian went on to form the metalcore band, Obey The Brave, along with former Blind Witness bassist, Miguel Lepage, and guitarist, John Campbell as well as Darkness Rites guitarist, Greg Wood and drummer, Stevie Morotti. Max Lavelle now plays bass for The Black Dahlia Murder.
Reunion shows (2014—present).
On February 4, 2014, the band announced via their Facebook page that they would reunite to play several live shows in the upcoming spring.

</doc>
<doc id="2880984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880984" title="Belarusian Republican Scout Association">
Belarusian Republican Scout Association

The National Scout Association of Belarus (Белорусская республиканская скаутская ассоциация, formerly "Belaruskaya Natsianalnaya Skautskaya Asatsiyatsia", BNSA) is one of several nationwide Scouting associations in Belarus. It is the body recognized by the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1998 to 2004 and again from September 5, 2010.
Belarus Scouting history.
The first Scout groups were established in Belarus in 1909 while it was part of tsarist Russia, and disbanded by the Soviets in 1922.
Belarusian Scouting was reborn and reorganized in 1989. The National Organization of Russian Scouts (NORS), based in Australia, is assisting the rebirth of Scouting in Belarus. Belarusian Scouts have regular contacts and exchanges with members of Scouts et Guides de France and the CIS Scout associations. "Belaruskaya Natsianalnaya Skautskaya Asatsiyatsia", joined the World Organization of the Scout Movement effective March 13, 1998 as the Scout association representing Belarus.
Belarusian Republican Scout Association.
World Scouting News, March, 1998, reported "The Belarusian National Scout Association includes more than 7,500 members, both boys and girls, in three branches ranging from 8 to 17 years of age. They are spread all over the country but the majority of members come from the major cities."
World Scouting News, further reported "The Belaruskaya Natsianalnaya Skautskaya Asatsiyatsia regularly invites underprivileged children, some of them coming from the Chernobyl contaminated areas, to some of their national summer camps."
The Scouts et Guides de France are working with Scouting in Belarus. Guidisme et Scoutisme en Belgique/Gidsen- en Scoutsbeweging in België has provided support in the region of the city of Homyel.
The coeducational BNSA had 3,408 members as of 2004. WOSM membership was terminated on March 31, 2004 and [http://www.scout.org/front/docs/C0409wsc_e.pdf by the World Scout Committee. WOSM now lists the country as a "potential member".
According to [http://www.scout.org/wse/conf02docs/confdoc12_e.pdf] the BNSA was provisionally suspended for "Non-adherence to the Constitution of the Organization and nonfunctioning as a democratic National Scout Movement" in 2002, after "Complaints (...) received from unrecognised groups within the country about the conduct of the recognised NSO", which led to a report by WOSM's Chairman of the Constitutions Committee, demanding a legitimate general assembly and an independent auditing of its accounts.
According to [http://www.scout.org/wsrc/archive/C0209membsusp_e.pdf] there was also an earlier provisional suspension for non-payment of membership fees.
The Scout Motto is "Bud' Gotov", "Be Prepared" in Russian, as BNSA does not use the Belarusian language, Russian is the sole official language. The Russian noun for a single Scout is "Скаут".
The membership badge of the Belaruskaya Natsianalnaya Skautskaya Asatsiyatsia incorporates the Patriarchal cross of Eastern European iconography.

</doc>
<doc id="2880987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880987" title="Libeaus Desconus">
Libeaus Desconus

Libeaus Desconus is a 14th-century Middle English version of the popular "Fair Unknown" story. Its author is thought to be Thomas Chestre. The story matter displays strong parallels to that of Renaut de Beaujeu's "Le Bel Inconnu"; both versions describe the adventures of Gingalain, the son of King Arthur's knight Gawain and a fay who raises him ignorant of his parentage and his name. As a young man, he visits Arthur's court to be knighted, and receives his nickname; in this case Sir Libeaus Desconus, before setting forth on a series of adventures which consolidate his new position in society. He eventually discovers who is his father, and marries a powerful lady.
Other versions of the story include the Middle High German romance "Wigalois" (1204–1209) by Wirnt von Gravenberc. The "Fair Unknown" story has parallels in the tale of La Cote Male Taile, Chrétien de Troyes' "Conte du Graal", Sir Thomas Malory's "Tale of Sir Gareth" from "Le Morte d'Arthur", and the 14th century Italian epic "Carduino".
Manuscripts.
Versions of "Libeaus Desconus" can be found in the following manuscripts:
Judged by the number of surviving manuscripts, the "Libeaus Desconus" was the most popular of the Arthurian romances in Middle English.
Plot.
Gyngelayne is raised in the forest by his mother, who tries to keep him away from arms since she fears that her 'wild' son might otherwise come to harm. Gyngelayne is never told his real name by his mother. Instead, she calls him ‘Bewfiȝ’, since he is 'gentle of body' and has an attractive face. One day, Gyngelayne finds a dead knight in the forest. He dons the man’s armour and goes to Glastonbury, where King Arthur is holding court. There he asks Arthur to dub him a knight although his upbringing is uncourtly. Arthur is so pleased by young Gyngelayne's sight that he gives him a name – Libeaus Desconus, ‘The Fair Unknown’ – and knights him that same day. Libeaus at once asks King Arthur if he might be offered the first challenge for which the king is required to provide a champion.
Soon a fair maiden, Ellyne, and a dwarf, Theodeley, come riding in. They have been sent by the lady of Synadowne, who has been imprisoned. Cannot Arthur send a knight to free her mistress? When Arthur grants the youthful Libeaus the quest, the maiden is angered, yet the king refuses to replace Libeaus with another knight. 
Libeaus, Ellyne, and the dwarf set off on their journey, in acrimony. On the third day, Libeaus defeats a knight called Syr William Delaraunche, who had never yet been overcome in combat. Only now does Ellyne's ridicule of Lybeaus subside. Libeaus sends 'Syr William' to Arthur’s court, where he is to tell the king who defeated him. Next morning, Libeaus is attacked by William’s three cousins. He breaks one's thigh, another's arm and forces them all to go to Arthur’s court, where they are to tell the king by whom they were defeated, and subject themselves to him.
In a wild forest, Libeaus saves a maiden from two giants and sends their heads to King Arthur. The maiden's father, an earl, offers Libeaus his daughter’s hand in marriage, but Libeaus declines because he has a mission to accomplish. He is then given beautiful armour and a fine steed and he, the maiden Ellyne and the dwarf continue on their journey. Libeaus next defeats the Lord of Cardiff, winning a gyrfalcon, a scene that bears striking similarities with an episode in Chrétien de Troyes' twelfth century romance "Erec and Enide", retold in the Welsh Mabinogion tale "Gereint and Enid". He has the prize taken to Arthur, who is so satisfied with his knight that he decides to send him a hundred pounds. Libeaus uses the gold to hold a forty-days feast, and then moves on with his companions.
In a forest, Libeaus catches a many-coloured hunting dog at Ellyne's request. A man called Sir Otis claims that it is his, but Libeaus refuses to give it up. He soon finds himself faced by a full-fledged army, which he defeats single-handedly. Sir Otis, too, is sent to Arthur’s court. And after many adventures in Ireland and Wales, Libeaus arrives at the beautiful Isle of Gold ('Jl de Ore'), a city of castles and palaces. Its lady is besieged by a Saracen giant called Maugys. After a long and eventful fight, Libeaus is able to kill the giant. La Dame Amour, Lady of the Island, offers the hero her love, and lordship over the Jl de Ore. Libeaus gladly accepts, and for twelve months he lives a life of 'recreauntise'. When one day Libeaus meets the maiden Ellyne, she points out to Libeaus that he has been disloyal to his lord in abandoning his quest. He feels deeply ashamed and leaves the Jl de Ore. With him he takes his horse, his armour and Jurflete, La Dame Amour’s steward, whom he makes his squire. They travel onwards, he, Ellyne and his new squire, towards Synadowne.
Arriving at Synadowne at last, Libeaus defeats Lanwarde, the city’s steward, who has the habit of fighting every knight who comes to the city looking for a place to stay. Libeaus asks who the knight is who is holding the Lady of Synadowne prisoner. Lanwarde informs Libeaus that the Lady of Synadowne is being held captive not by any knight but by two clerics who practice black magic (‘nigermansye’):
Lanwarde informs Libeaus that these two clerics, called Jrayne and Mabon, have created a 'paleys', an edifice which no nobleman dares enter, and they say that they will kill the lady unless she transfers all of her power to Mabon.
Next morning, Libeaus enters this palace and, leading his horse by the reins, finds nobody there but minstrels playing their music. Going deeper into the palace, searching for someone to fight with, he passes magnificent columns and stained glass windows and sits down on the raised platform at the far end of the space. The minstrels who had been playing now vanish, the earth shakes, and stones fall down. On the field outside appear the two clerics, Mabon and Jrayne, armed and on horseback. They are intent on killing Libeaus, who does battle with them both, but Jrayne disappears before Libeaus can deal him the final blow: he was too busy slaying Mabon, 'the more shreweos'.
Depressed, Libeaus sits down in the palace hall: Jrayne might well cause him trouble in the future. While Libeaus contemplates his situation, a window appears in one of the walls, and a serpent with wings and a woman’s face crawls through. It speaks, asserting that it is 'young', and then kisses a terrified Libeaus. Consequently, it changes into a beautiful young woman: the Lady of Synadowne. She thanks Libeaus for freeing her, and tells him that he has slain both of the evil clerks. She also tells him that the only way the curse which had changed her into a serpent could be lifted was by kissing Gawain or someone else of his kin. Then the lady offers herself and her many possessions to Libeaus, who gladly accepts. 
After seven joyous days in Synadowne, Libeaus and the Lady of Synadowne go to King Arthur’s court, where Arthur grants Libeaus the lady’s hand. A forty-day feast follows, after which the newly-weds are escorted back to Synadowne by Arthur and his knights, where they live happily together for many years.
Style.
Libeaus Desconus is a late-fourteenth century Middle English poem of around 2200 lines (the exact number of lines varies amongst the six manuscripts). Like many Middle English romances (e.g. The Wedding of Sir Gawain and Dame Ragnelle and Emaré) the poem is divided into stanzas of tail-rhyme verse, a rhyming couplet followed by a tail-rhyme, repeated four times in each stanza in a scheme like aabccbddbeeb.
Writing principally in a dialect of southern England, possibly the SE Midlands, Thomas Chestre has been described as a 'hack writer' who had an acquaintance with a number of other Middle English romances and was able to borrow from them, often retaining the different dialects of the bits and pieces he incorporated into his own poetry. Libeaus Desconus was written for a more popular audience than the Old French romances on which it models itself.
Thomas Chestre's sources.
Most of the themes and motifs in Libeaus Desconus are drawn from a common stock of medieval Arthurian material. It is difficult to assign a unique work from which this Middle English poem derives, although some have argued for a lost twelfth century romance from which both Libeaus Desconus and the much earlier, late-twelfth or early-thirteenth century Old French "Le Bel Inconnu" have their source. "Le Bel Inconnu" may have been known to the author in a manuscript copy that was not identical to the only copy which now survives, and Thomas Chestre may have had access to this 'as well as other, related, material'.
There are Old French, Middle High German and Italian versions of this tale, however, ranging in date from the late-twelfth/early thirteenth century to the fifteenth century, and the similarities, links and differences between them seem too complex simply to assume a lost twelfth-century work from which they all originate. This, despite a line in Libeaus Desconus that refers to a French source, “in Frensshe as it is j-ffounde” when describing a scene that differs from "Le Bel Inconnu".
Themes and influences.
As well as the late-twelfth/early thirteenth century Old French romance "Le Bel Inconnu", or its hypothesised precursor, there are a number of other influences which may have contributed to Thomas Chestre's story "Libeaus Desconus".
Perceval.
The story of a young man who is brought up in the forest by his mother because she does not want him to learn about chivalry and fighting, and who later arrives at King Arthur's court in an innocent and dishevelled state with the desire to be made a knight, is none other than an account of the childhood of Perceval. Chrétien de Troyes introduced Perceval at the beginning of his unfinished last romance, Perceval, le Conte du Graal, written between 1180 and 1190 in which this young man, following his unlikely arrival at King Arthur's court, becomes embroiled in a search for a castle that, from the quills of other authors, evolved into a quest for the Holy Grail. There are indications that the author of "Le Bel Inconnu" knew not only Chretien de Troyes' "Perceval, le Conte du Graal" but also the Second Continuation of this story, written some few years after Chretien de Troyes' death. "Libeaus Desconus" describes a succession of events immediately preceding the appearance of Mabon and Jrayne outside the palace in which Libeaus waits with his horse (sudden darkness, slamming of doors and windows, shower of stones, earthquake) that correspond very closely to one found in another adventure in Arthurian romance: the description in the "Vulgate Lancelot" of Sir Bors visit to the Grail Castle.
A Middle English verse romance "Sir Perceval of Galles (Sir Perceval of Wales)" relates early events in the life of Perceval that are similar to those in Chretien de Troyes' "Perceval, le Conte du Graal" but then goes off at a tangent and omits any reference to the graal castle. 'This omission has prompted the question of whether or not the tale's author knew Chrétien's version of the story.' "Sir Perceval of Galles" may draw upon an earlier and more primitive version of the tale than Chrétien's, which would explain why it omits any reference to the graal castle or the graal, since these were inventions of Chrétien de Troyes. It has been suggested that the young man Libeaus Desconus 'is only Perceval with a new name.'
Welsh mythology.
The collection of medieval Welsh stories known as the Mabinogion includes a short romance "Peredur", considered to date from the late-twelfth or early-thirteenth century. This tale follows Chrétien's "Perceval, le Conte du Graal" for the most part (with deviations) and seems to know of the Graal continuation by Manessier "Peredur" may not simply be a working over of Chretien's "Perceval", however, but based upon an earlier version of the story, one from which both Chretien de Troyes and the author of a lost twelfth century romance – a romance upon which both "Le Bel Inconnu" and "Libeaus Desconus" may be based – each took as the basis for their respective works. The story of "Peredur" climaxes near the end of the tale with the slaying of a serpent. Many of the incidents in the story not following Chretien's "Conte du Graal" are likely to represent a 'Celtic tradition'. and 'confused or half-remembered stories about the hero.'
Peredur may be the original name of Perceval, since Perceval in Old French is a meaningless 'pierce-valley'. Peredur seems similar to the "Mabinogion" character Pryderi in temperament and other evidence suggests as well that Pryderi may be the original of Peredur. Pryderi was born to the goddess Rhiannon, elsewhere in the "Mabinogion", but snatched away by a monster and a dead puppy disguised to be his body. He returned again when the monster was killed and was brought up as Gwri Golden Hair, brought to his father's court, returned to Rhiannon and renamed Pryderi. Thus, like the mythological Ulster hero Cú Chulainn, Pryderi had two names and associations with a dog. It has been considered 'well known that the stories of the youth of Cú Chulainn resemble those of the youth of Perceval.' Peredur goes to one of the nine Hags of Gloucester to learn how to wield arms, just as Cú Chulainn went to the witch Skatha to learn how to fight.
Chrétien de Troyes' "Erec and Enide".
When Libeaus Desconus sends all the knights whom he defeats back to King Arthur's court, he is following the behaviour of Perceval in Chretien's adventure that leads him to the castle of the Fisher King. And in Chrétien de Troyes' earlier romance "Erec and Enide", retold in the Mabinogion tale of "Geirant and Enid", following the episode where the hero fights a knight in a kind of beauty competition whose prize is a sparrow-hawk, Chretien's story, retold in the "Mabinogion", describes a knight and a lady, who are not on speaking terms with one another, travelling through the countryside and encountering a succession of hostile knights whom the hero jousts with and kills. This story has itself been considered a successful reworking of material from which the tales of the Fair Unknown derive, in particular creating a heroine 'who is more complex and interesting than any of her counterparts in "Le Bel Inconnu". There is evidence that Arthurian tales were often reworked, and that characters not originally associated with King Arthur in the eleventh and twelfth centuries were absorbed into his epic.
Hue de Rotelande's "Ipomedon".
The twelfth century romance "Ipomedon", written in Norman French by Hue de Rotelande, is found in a Middle English version "Ipomadon" in MS Chetham 8009, lying in Chetham's Library, Manchester, England and dating from 'between the last decade of the fourteenth century and the middle of the fifteenth century'. Following a number of adventures in which the eponymous hero demonstrates his martial prowess, Ipomadon puts on the garb of a fool and goes to the court of the uncle of the lady he loves, the King of Sicily, where he agrees to stay only if he is granted the 'fyrste battayle'. Shortly after he arrives, a maiden appears, 'apon a palfreye white as mylke' seeking a champion to free her lady from oppression. The fool (Ipomadon) asks again that the quest be given to him. Since nobody else at court wants to undertake this task, the king concedes his request. The maiden is far from impressed. Only slowly does she moderate her acrimony as the fool travels along with her, defeating one hostile knight after another, until they reach the maiden's land and he frees the lady, who is, in fact, the lady he loves. The maiden's name is Imayne, she travels with a dwarf, and along the way, Ipomadon defeats a knight named Maugys.
Breton lays.
The upbringing-in-the-wild motif is evident not only in tales of the Fair Unknown and in Chretien de Troyes' "Perceval, le Conte du Graal" but in the Breton lay Tyolet. Known from only one Old French manuscript, dating to the late-thirteenth or early-fourteenth century, the lay itself was probably composed by the beginning of the thirteenth century Like Perceval and Libeaus Desconus, Tyolet arrives at King Arthur's court as a young man who has spent all his childhood living alone in the forest with his mother. Like Perceval and Libeaus Desconus, what prompts Tyolet to go to King Arthur's court in the first place is the sight of armour. Unlike Chretien's "Perceval", but like "Libeaus Desconus", an animal in this story is transformed into a human, in this case a stag which changes into an armed knight, a 'knight-beast'.
The Breton lays that we have from the twelfth and thirteenth centuries, on the evidence of the opening passages in "Tyolet" and others, describing their transmission, are possibly derived from stories that are considerably older, although the desire of medieval authors to 'seek to ensure a measure of authenticity for their tales' should be remembered. Similarities in "Tyolet" and the Second Continuation of Chretien's "Perceval, le Conte du Graal" has led R H Loomis to observe that the two stories 'must derive from a common remote source'.
Instances of animals transforming into human beings occur also in the twelfth century Breton lays of Marie de France, in particular Bisclavret and Yonec.
Irish mythology.
The episode of the many-coloured hunting dogs and Libeaus's taking of one of them for Ellyne occurs also in "Le Bel Inconnu" and has parallels with a "Lay of the Great Fool", recorded by O'Daly in his Fenian poems, and well as a similar story in Campbell's "Popular Tales of the West Highlands".
R S Loomis notes the similarities between the early life of Perceval and a twelfth-century text detailing the boyhood deeds of Fionn mac Cumhaill and makes a similar comparison with the boyhood of Sir Gawain's son Gingalais, who arrives at King Arthur's court to become the Fair Unknown. Fionn mac Cumhaill, for example, was a high-born son, first named Demne, deliberately reared deep in the forest, away from the threat of arms, spent his childhood hunting in this forest and at last came upon the home of a great lord where he was given the name Fionn, or Fair.

</doc>
<doc id="2881018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881018" title="Mengkibol River">
Mengkibol River

The Mengkibol River is a small river that flows through the town of Kluang in the state of Johor, Malaysia. It is one of the tributaries of the Endau River.

</doc>
<doc id="2881020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881020" title="Sunbeach">
Sunbeach

Sunbeach Communications Inc. is the leading Internet Service Provider, Internet webhosting provider and mobile/wireless phone company located in Barbados. Since the mid-1990s Sunbeach has been one of the chief competitors to the incumbent telecommunications company Cable and Wireless in providing Internet. Sunbeach later became Barbados' largest Internet company. Sunbeach started out offering Internet service but then expanded into other areas.
History.
Founded by Bruce Bayley, Damian Dunphy and Leonardo Kunar [http://www.tech-msonline.com in November 1995 as an Internet service provider (ISP) in Barbados to compete against Caribsurf brand name used by Cable and Wireless for Internet service provision in the Caribbean)and CaribNet, the first ISP launched in the Eastern Caribbean by Ian Worrell which grew out of the bulletin board system (BBS)"The Junction BBS". In May 1997 Christopher Alleyne and Thomas Clarke joined Damian Dunphy as owner managers of Sunbeach. Soon thereafter Sunbeach acquired the customer base of Caribnet (the first ISP in Barbados) and Ian Worrell, Caribnet's founder joined the Sunbeach management team. Sunbeach grew to become the largest ISP in Barbados by mid-2001. In January, 2002 it was made public that Sunbeach and the UK based Telecommunications Company called International Telecom Brokers Limited (ITB) were contemplating and formulating a strategy to merge. The purported advantages of the merger was that Sunbeach in Barbados could draw from the experience of the UK team and have a far more expanded international reach. The merged company would be based in Barbados, with a subsidiary operating from the United Kingdom. The benefits to be derived were, a lower cost of product to the consumer, an increase of products especially in e-commerce and emerging m-commerce, and the ability to make Barbados far more competitive with other business locations such as the Cayman Islands and Bermuda. Leading up to the Sunbeach and ITB Ltd. merger problems started to surface. Personnel at the companies tried to allay fears and promise that the merger will create an increase of jobs, lead the company on an international path, as well as joint listings on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) of the London and [http://www.bse.com.bb/index.html Barbados Stock Exchange (BSE) and also that new investors from the United Kingdom would help raise needed funding for establishing a local 3G GSM mobile phone network. The merger never did take place but Sunbeach went on to achieve the stock exchange listings in Barbados and London in August 2002. Sunbeach went on to bid for one of the mobile phone licenses in Barbados and in August 2003 was awarded one of three new licenses issued by the Barbados Government. Other winners of licenses were Digicel and AT&T.
In July 2004, the future of Sunbeach was called into question, an audit of the company by Deloitte & Touche cited that the company's future hinged on establishing more capital to secure a future for the company.
Following this, on 28 September 2004 Sunbeach Communications had its shares suspended on the Barbados Stock Exchange because of the serious financial position of the company until the Annual General Meeting could be held with shareholders. Following the suspension of shares on the BSE, the Board of Sunbeach voluntarily asked the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) on the London Stock Exchange to suspend shares there as well. This led to Sunbeach becoming delisted from the AIM in April, 2005.
In June, 2005 Sunbeach announced that Telecom Holdings Limited, (TH) of Trinidad and Tobago wished to acquire a significant stake into Sunbeach Communications Inc and the board of Directors urged shareholder to agree to a sale of partial ownership. This never happened, see the section on Laqtel below.
In October 2005 the Managing Director - Michael Wakley - stepped down and Ian Worrell took over the running of the company. Talks with Laqtel collapsed and Mr. Worrell initiated talks with VTel Holdings a company registered in Dubai.
In November 2006 the suspension on Sunbeach's shares were lifted - see the Barbados Stock Exchange website for information [http://www.bse.com.bb/] and a block trade announced bringing a new major shareholder and partner on board (VTel Holdings). This new partner was to provide the funding needed to allow Sunbeach to launch its Cellular network and provide the re-capitalization needed allowing the company to move forward, however no progress has been seen to date. The new partner is VTel Holdings (Dubai) and to date they have been proping up the company's cash flow position while working to establish a new business plan to take the business forward.
At the last AGM held 17 July 2008, the Managing Director Ian Worrell and an Executive Director, Banan al Khatib, announced that a plan was being finalized and would be announced at the next AGM to be held in 3 to 6 months from 8 July.
In February 2009 a new board was elected to Sunbeach and Mr. Banan al Khatib took over as the Managing Director, replacing Mr. Ian Worrell who stayed on as the Chief Commercial Officer. In April 2009 a contract was signed with Huawei for the build of a GSM network in Barbados.
Between April 2009 and April 2010 the international financial crisis and ongoing dissension in VTel prevented Sunbeach from moving forward with its plans. Consultants hired by VTel were brought in to advise the VTel Board to advise on either to roll out the network or mothball the company and their overwhelming advice was to roll the network.
This advise was not taken and in April 2010 VTel decided not to fund the rollout of the cellular network.
Internet.
Sunbeach Communications' Internet services go by the name Sunbeach. According to the promotions by the company, Sunbeach claims they are the largest Internet provider in Barbados. The company provides services to both residential and commercial clientel with services that include: dial-up Internet, ADSL, Software downloads, Leased Line, Frame Relay, ISDN, webhosting, and Co-location services. The company also hosts a Tucows software webserver at (tucows.sunbeach.net)
Webhosting.
Sunbeach has offered Webhosting practically from its genesis. Past clients include the CWeek, Daily NationNews and Advocate newspapers, the Government of Barbados and several organisations around the island.
Mobile.
To date Sunbeach has not launched a mobile network however there are rumors circulating that the new partner will be injecting equity into the company. This equity could be used to launch a mobile network.
Laqtel.
On 6 September 2005 an article by the Barbados DailyNation, first made public the intentions of an attempt by Telecom Holdings Limited, (TH) of Trinidad to purchase Sunbeach Communications Inc. Telecom Holdings Limited as a holdings company of LaqTel Communications, made an offering of US$2.59M, to obtain majority shareholding of the Barbados-based Sunbeach Communications.
As part of the deal, Sunbeach was to remain a mostly Barbadian company, many of the board of directors were promised to remain Barbadian and Sunbeach Communications would continue to be traded on the Barbados Stock Exchange with its over 700 shareholders. Shares of Sunbeach were suspended on the BSE in September, 2004 when they last traded for about $0.55 per share.
Once launched, Sunbeach through LaqTel would be the only CDMA and 3G wireless / mobile provider operating in Barbados. Sunbeach's competition in Barbados includes both Digicel and Cable and Wireless. Since the deal was first announced, AT&T Wireless had changed its name to Cingular and had subsequently exited the Caribbean market, Cingular had then turned existing customers over to Digicel.
To date Laqtel have been unable to raise their financing. They split from their equity partner, SasTel in February 2006 and have been searching for a new partner since then. Their current CEO - Dr. Joseph Laquis, a general practitioner and ex politician is heading the company and Mr. Richard Nixon - ex sales executive from Nortel is their COO.

</doc>
<doc id="2881023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881023" title="Nuppeppō">
Nuppeppō

In Japanese folklore the (also known as Nuppefuhō) is a yōkai that is genderless and estimated to be up to 1.5m in height. It is described to have a flabby appearance and its appearance is accompanied by a pungent body odor. It appears as a blob of flesh with a hint of a face in the folds of fat. It is also described as having fingers and toes that are vaguely defined lumps.
The Nuppeppō is passive and unaggressive. The body odor is said to rival that smell of rotting flesh. Other theories claim that the Nuppeppō is actually decaying flesh. There is a rumor that states that those who eat the flesh of a Nuppeppō shall have eternal youth.
The Nuppeppō aimlessly wanders deserted streets of villages, towns and cities, often at night towards the year-end, or graveyards or abandoned temples. It is normally solitary, but there are sightings of them in groups. Fingers and toes may be attributed as features amidst of fold of the skin.
This creature appears in the Wii game "Oboro Muramasa Youtoude". In the PS2/Wii game "Ōkami", inside a sunken ghost ship, there is a creature that resembles a Nuppeppo.

</doc>
<doc id="2881031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881031" title="Mike Komisarek">
Mike Komisarek

Michael Komisarek (born January 19, 1982) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who plays for the Carolina Hurricanes in the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Amateur.
Komisarek began playing competitively on Long Island, New York, starting off in the Suffolk PAL organization. He played two years of Varsity hockey at St. Anthony's High School (New York). He then played for the New England Jr. Coyotes of the Eastern Junior Hockey League (EJHL) under legendary coach Gary Dineen and he played one season of roller hockey with Team Spam. He was then picked up by USA Hockey's National Team Development Program. He is a student of the respected Lithuanian hockey coach Aleksey Nikiforov.
College.
Komisarek played two seasons at the University of Michigan, piling up 46 points and 145 penalty minutes in 80 games. He helped the Wolverines to a 55-24-10 mark, a CCHA title and two trips to the NCAA Frozen Four. One of his teammates was fellow Long Islander Eric Nystrom, who was drafted by the Calgary Flames.
Professional.
After two seasons with the University of Michigan, Komisarek was selected seventh overall in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens. He played his first NHL game in the 2002–03 season with the Canadiens. He re-signed with the Canadiens in 2007 for a 2-year contract for 3.5 million dollars, along with his friend Christopher Higgins, who is also from Long Island.
Komisarek scored his first NHL goal, vs the Washington Capitals on March 20, 2006, where he was named the first star of the game. His willingness to stand up for his teammates and his hard-hitting style made him a fan favourite in the Bell Centre.
In the 2006-07 regular season, Komisarek tied Mike Commodore of the Calgary Flames for most shorthanded goals scored among defensemen, with 2.
In July 2009, Komisarek signed a 5-year contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs, averaging $4.5 million per season. On January 2, 2010, Komisarek injured his shoulder in a game against the Calgary Flames, and on February 3, 2010, it was revealed he would require season-ending surgery. This also meant Komisarek would miss the 2010 Winter Olympics, as he was chosen to represent Team USA.
On March 20, 2013 Komisarek was placed on waivers by the Toronto Maple Leafs. On March 21, 2013, he cleared waivers and with his permission he was assigned to the Maple Leafs American Hockey League affiliate, the Toronto Marlies for the remainder of the 2012–13 season. With one year left on his contract with the Maple Leafs, Komisarek was released as a free agent after his contract was used in a compliance buy-out on July 2, 2013.
On July 5, 2013, he signed as a free agent to a one-year deal worth $700,000 dollars with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Personal life.
Komisarek is of Polish descent. His father, Roman Komisarek, was 24 when he moved to the U.S., where he eventually opened an auto-body repair shop on Long Island. Roman Komisarek left his wife Kathy behind in Poland until he could earn enough to afford an apartment and support her. Speaking of his parents' move to the U.S., Komisarek stated that, "At that time, my parents knew they wanted to start a family and give me and my sister a better opportunity. [...](My father) moved to Brooklyn, found a job and didn't know the language at all. He just had the clothes on his back. Now, we have a nice home on Long Island, and my parents provided everything we ever needed. I always carried that with me. I always wanted to make them proud." Komisarek also has a sister named Joanne, who is two years younger than he is. His sister is a graduate of Boston College. He also speaks Polish.
Komisarek's mother, Kathy, was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in January 2005 and died in November 2005. She was 51.

</doc>
<doc id="2881064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881064" title="Antera Duke">
Antera Duke

Antera Duke (alive as late as 1788) was an 18th-century African slave dealer and Efik chief from Calabar in eastern Nigeria (now in Cross River State). His diary, written in Nigerian Pidgin English, was discovered in Scotland and published. This diary records his interactions with British merchants to whom he sold slaves; he writes about wearing "white man trousers" and entertaining the merchants he traded with.

</doc>
<doc id="2881065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881065" title="Electric (Richard Thompson album)">
Electric (Richard Thompson album)

Overview.
The album was recorded in Buddy Miller's home in Nashville in May 2012. Thompson took his stripped down "electric trio" band
(himself, bass player Taras Prodaniuk and drummer Michael Jerome) to the sessions. Miller produced, played some rhythm guitar parts and brought in some
local players to augment the trio, notably Stuart Duncan and Siobhan Maher Kennedy. The bulk of the recording was finished in two weeks, with
Miller overdubbing Alison Krauss's vocal parts on "The Snow Goose" later on.
The tracks were recorded on 16-track tape before being digitised for further manipulation in Pro-Tools.
Release.
Upon release, the album peaked at number 16 on the UK Album Chart and number 75 on the Billboard 200, making it the highest charting album of Thompson's career in either country.
Track listing.
All songs written by Richard Thompson, except "So Ben Mi Ch'a Bon Temp" (written by Vecchi, arranged by Thompson):
A Deluxe Edition with a bonus disc was also made available. The bonus disc contains four outtakes from the 'Electric' sessions and three additional tracks
from other Thompson albums

</doc>
<doc id="2881071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881071" title="Monandrous">
Monandrous

In botanical terms, monandrous simply means to have a single stamen.
In orchids.
A distinction between monandrous and other flowers is particularly relevant in the classification of orchids. The monandrous orchids form a clade consisting of the subfamilies Orchidoideae, Vanilloideae, and Epidendroideae. The other subfamilies, Apostasioideae and Cypripedioideae, have at least two stamens.
In animals.
In animals, a monandrous system occurs when females have one mate at a time. For example, a female speckled wood butterfly will typically only mate once within her short lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="2881092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881092" title="Endau">
Endau

Endau is a small town in Malaysia. It lies on the northern tip of east Johor and the southern tip of Pahang. It is known for being one of the largest fishing ports on the East Coast of Peninsular Malaysia. Located north of Mersing.

</doc>
<doc id="2881095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881095" title="Oak Street (Chicago)">
Oak Street (Chicago)

Oak Street is a short street on Chicago's Gold Coast. It is notable for its numerous luxury shops, upscale spas, and eateries, as well as its residences. 
Location.
Oak Street is in Chicago's Gold Coast. It runs from 138 East to 648 West in the Near North Side. It ends without crossing the North Branch of the Chicago River. West of the river 1000 North is called Augusta Boulevard. Its eastern end is Michigan Avenue. At this intersection Oak Street becomes East Lakeshore Drive. Two blocks east of this end are famed North Lake Shore Drive, Lakefront Trail, and Oak Street Beach.
Points of interest.
In its eastern part (between Michigan Avenue and Rush Street). Oak Street is one of Chicago's most prestigious shopping destinations. Oak Street has a mix of international couture houses, American luxury brands, and local boutiques. Oak Street is in close proximity to famed Michigan Avenue and Rush Street. 
Oak Street has continued to expand in recent years as international brands have chosen this street over Michigan Avenue, although it is perceived as an extension, if not part, of the Magnificent Mile. On one corner of Oak Street's intersection with Michigan Avenue is the Drake Hotel, Chanel, Van Cleef and Arpels, and Georg Jensen. However, in contrast to Michigan Avenue, Oak Street is much narrower, with trees lining both sides of the block giving a more intimate setting, with less foot traffic. On top of that, part of the appeal has been slightly lower rents and smaller boutique type spaces compared to Michigan Avenue. Most of the buildings are former residences converted into retail spaces, with new construction mirroring the existing aesthetics of the neighborhood.
Stores.
Fashion, Fine Jewelry, and Accessories.
Hermès, Pratesi, Tom Ford, Buccellati, Prada, Lanvin, Y-3, David Yurman, Escada, Saint Laurent, Brioni, Bonpoint, Marc Jacobs, Church's, Ike Behar, Brunello Cucinelli, Dolce & Gabbana, Carolina Herrera, Sandro, Maje, Zadig & Voltaire, Barneys New York, Eskandar, Christian Louboutin, Jimmy Choo, Lester Lampert Custom Jewelry Store, Jil Sander, Emporio Armani, Furla, Trabert & Hoeffer Jewels, Tory Burch, Vera Wang, Moncler, Paul Stuart, George Greene, George Zarahoff, Harry Winston, Calypso St Barth, Agent Provocateur, VINCE., Geneva Seal, Suitsupply, Pomellato Jewels, BCBG Max Azria, Jack Spade, Wolford Boutique, Tod's, Lloro Piana, Bonpoint, Piazza Sempione, and Graff are all located on Oak Street and North Rush Street as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2881102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881102" title="John Rockefeller Prentice">
John Rockefeller Prentice

John Rockefeller Prentice (December 17, 1902 – June 13, 1972) was born to Chicago lawyer Ezra Parmalee Prentice and Alta Rockefeller Prentice in New York. Prentice's maternal grandfather is the Standard Oil tycoon, John D. Rockefeller (1839–1937).
Biography.
While attending Yale University, Prentice became a member of the Skull and Bones society and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He graduated in 1928. During his years at Yale, Prentice had accumulated debts and consequently was cut off from his parents. He worked in Boston for a wholesale hardware firm for four years to make enough money to return to Yale. Upon his return to the Ivy League school, Prentice continued to work to support himself. He graduated from Yale Law School in 1932 and practiced law with a Chicago law firm throughout the 1930s. In March 1941, before the Japanese attack at Pearl Harbor, Prentice volunteered in the U.S. Army as a private. While serving in the Pacific Theatre of World War II, he became a Captain in the Artillery.
Prentice became a cattle breeder and is known as a pioneer of artificial insemination in farm animals as a means of improving their genetic pool.
On August 11, 1941, Prentice married Abbie Cantrill. The couple had one daughter, Chicago philanthropist, Abra Prentice Wilkin.

</doc>
<doc id="2881110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881110" title="Static spherically symmetric perfect fluid">
Static spherically symmetric perfect fluid

In metric theories of gravitation, particularly general relativity, a static spherically symmetric perfect fluid solution (a term which is often abbreviated as ssspf) is a spacetime equipped with suitable tensor fields which models a static round ball of a fluid with isotropic pressure.
Such solutions are often used as idealized models of stars, especially compact objects such as white dwarfs and especially neutron stars. In general relativity, a model of an "isolated" star (or other fluid ball) generally consists of a fluid-filled interior region, which is technically a perfect fluid solution of the Einstein field equation, and an exterior region, which is an asymptotically flat vacuum solution. These two pieces must be carefully "matched" across the "world sheet" of a spherical surface, the "surface of zero pressure". (There are various mathematical criteria called matching conditions for checking that the required matching has been successfully achieved.) Similar statements hold for other metric theories of gravitation, such as the Brans–Dicke theory.
In this article, we will focus on the construction of exact ssspf solutions in our current Gold Standard theory of gravitation, the theory of general relativity. To anticipate, the figure at right depicts (by means of an embedding diagram) the spatial geometry of a simple example of a stellar model in general relativity. The euclidean space in which this two-dimensional Riemannian manifold (standing in for a three-dimensional Riemannian manifold) is embedded has no physical significance, it is merely a visual aid to help convey a quick impression of the kind of geometrical features we will we encounter.
Short history.
We list here a few milestones in the history of exact ssspf solutions in general relativity:

</doc>
<doc id="2881116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881116" title="Washington SyCip Graduate School of Business">
Washington SyCip Graduate School of Business

The Washington SyCip Graduate School of Business, or simply WSGSB, is the business school of the Asian Institute of Management in Manila, Philippines. It is one of the leading business schools in the Asia-Pacific region, especially in the fields of finance and marketing. The SyCip MBA program is one of the most recognized in the region.
Programs.
The school offers the following programs: 
Faculty.
The faculty is led by Dean Ricardo Lim. The school also has one of the world's top marketing professors, Ned Roberto.

</doc>
<doc id="2881123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881123" title="Hart Wand">
Hart Wand

Hart A. Wand (March 3, 1887 – August 9, 1960), was an American early fiddler and bandleader from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, he was of German extraction .In the musical world he is chiefly noted for publishing the "Dallas Blues" in March 1912 (copyrighted in September). "Dallas Blues" was an early example of published twelve-bar blues song.
Little is known about Wand. He was named for his maternal grandfather, Hart P. Ancker. Wand was an 89er, coming with his parents, a brother, and two sisters from Kansas at age two. His father John, an immigrant from Frankfurt, Germany, and successful druggist in Topeka, immediately after the run set up a tent drugstore in what would become Oklahoma City. After his father's death in 1909, Hart Wand took control of the Wand & Son manufacturing plant in Oklahoma City, and kept up his musical interests. Wand moved his business to Chicago sometime before 1920, and by 1920 had settled in New Orleans. He traveled through Europe, Latin America, and Asia for his business. Samuel Charters, who interviewed Wand for his book "The Country Blues" (1959), stated that Wand was respected and well liked in New Orleans. Wand's wife, Alberta, died in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="2881125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881125" title="Chronosophy">
Chronosophy

Chronosophy is the neologistic designation given by scholar Julius Thomas (J.T.) Fraser to "the interdisciplinary and normative study of time "sui generis"."
Overview.
Etymology.
Fraser derived the term from the Ancient Greek: Χρόνος, Chronos, "time" + σοφία, sophia, wisdom; literally "divine wisdom". "Chronosophia" is thus defined as the "specific human skill or knowledge . . . pertaining to time . . . all men seem to possess to some degree . . .".
Purpose.
Fraser outlined the purpose of the discipline of chronosophy in five intentions, as follows:
Assumptions.
According to Fraser, any pursuit of chronosophical knowledge necessarily makes two assumptions:
Fraser labeled these two assumptions the "unity of time". Together they amount to the proposition that all of us, working separately, are nevertheless headed toward the same central idea (i.e., "chronosophia").
In contradistinction to the aforementioned, Fraser posits the "diversity of time": the existence of time's myriad manifestations, which "hardly needs proof; it is all too apparent."
The continued qualitative and quantitative mediation of the unresolvable conflict between the unity and diversity of time would thus be the sole methodological criterion for measuring chronosophical progress. This conflict manifests itself not so much as between the humanities and the sciences (although this interpretation is cogent and apt), but rather between knowledge felt (i.e., "passion") and knowledge understood (i.e., knowledge "proper"). Fraser envisions the total creativity of a society as being dependent on the effectiveness of "a harmonious dialogue between the two great branches of knowledge." He observes (paraphrasing Giordano Bruno): "The creative activity of the mind consists of the search for the one in the many, for simplicity in variety. There is no better and more fundamental problem than the problem of time in respect to which such search may be conducted. It is always present and always tantalizing, it is the basic material of man's rational and emotive inquiries." Just as a mature individual can reconcile within themselves the unity and diversity of day-to-day noetic existence, so too could a mature social conception of time mediate the difference between—and perhaps ultimately reconcile—the unity and diversity of time.
Organization.
Chronosophy defies systematic organization, for—like philosophy—it is a kind of ur-discipline, subsuming all other disciplines through a proposed unifying characteristic: temporality. (Hence, the possibility of producing a branch of knowledge lacking temporal import, e.g. ontology and/or metaphysics, remains; however, "atemporality" is still, by definition, a temporal category: a regress ensues.)
Fraser wrote that a successful study of time would "encourage communication across the traditional boundaries of systems of knowledge and seek a framework which . . . may permit interaction of experience and theorizing related to time without regard to the sources of experience and theory." Thus, the only methodological commitment that a chronosopher need make is to interdisciplinarity.
While Fraser neglects to develop a systematic chronosophical methodology in "The Voices of Time", he does proffer a selection of idiomatically interdisciplinary categories to spur the research of future scholars:
The nature of the above categories would require that chronosophy be regarded as an independent system of experiential, experimental, and theoretical knowledge about time.
General Characteristics.
In general, chronosophical pursuits are characterized by
(1) is a weak criterion, while (2) is a strong one.
Neither of the above criteria make reference to time or temporality; for while the ontological possibly of timeless knowledge must always remain, admission of this possibility begs the question ("petitio principii"): e.g., what form does timeless knowledge take? how would it come to us? how could we ever be separated from such knowledge to begin with? "et cetera ad nauseam". The admission is therefore a paradox (akin to Wittgenstein's seventh proposition in "Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus": "Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent."). We must conclude that the proposal of the possibility of timeless knowledge is both necessary and senseless, a conceptual counterpart to the tautologous nature of the concept of time. Should we come to possess knowledge of that which is "beneath" or "behind" time (or, alternatively, conclude we could never have lost possession of it), there would be no discernible need for further chronosophical inquiry—in the face of such eternal truth, it would instead be chronosophy as currently conceived that would appear both necessary and senseless.
Hence: all disciplines are necessarily chronosophical (until proven otherwise).
Caveat: for the sake of logicality, future manifestations of chronosophy may resemble more closely some methods of knowing than others; however, due to the character of the "problem" of time no chronosophical endeavor could ever be thoroughly purged of its interdisciplinary perspectives: a satisfactory theory of time must necessarily satisfy a wide variety of specifications (i.e., by definition a satisfactory or sufficient chronosophy would accommodate every office of human knowledge as pertains to the subject, time).
Envoi.
Why should we afford time this privileged status among our speculative and empirical undertakings?
A Fraserian chronosopher would argue that mediation of the problem(s) of time is essential to the creation and retention of individual and social identity. Hence, as long as we—as individuals and as social groups—continue to partake in the process of clarifying and defining our individual and collective identities over and against those of the world (in whole or in part) around us, the necessarily contemporaneous clarification and definition of the problem(s) of time must, by extension ("mutatis mutandis"), be universal and continuous.

</doc>
<doc id="2881127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881127" title="Team Losi Mini-T">
Team Losi Mini-T

The Team Losi Mini-T is the first-ever 1/18th scale electric radio-controlled stadium truck made by Team Losi of Ontario, California.
The basic Mini-T is sold as a complete, ready-to-run package, complete with painted and trimmed Lexan body. The design of the Mini-T is based on Losi's XXX-T 1/10-scale truck; despite the Mini-T's diminutive size, handling characteristics and overall vehicle dynamics are remarkably similar to the larger truck. Power comes from a Mabuchi RS-280 motor operated via a miniature electronic speed control. Four "AA" alkaline batteries are required to power the truck; eight are required for the transmitter. Six-cell nickel metal hydride and 3S lithium polymer batteries are available for longer and faster runtimes and more economical long-term operation.
The long-arm suspension allows for exceptional suspension travel over rough terrain. However, the basic Mini-T uses friction dampers in lieu of oil-filled shock absorbers. These are suitable for the type of recreational operation that most Mini-T's will likely be used for. Oil-filled shocks are available as an upgrade.
Like the vehicles which followed, the Associated RC18T and RC18MT and Venom Fireball, the Mini-T is suitable for use indoors. A stock Mini-T will achieve speeds of 10-15 mph (16–24 km/h). Use of a so-called "modified motor" and a NiMH battery pack will double the speed. The "Mamba" brushless motor system from Castle Creations can increase top speed to over 60 mph (100 km/h) with suitable torque to allow for taller gearing and even greater top speeds.
While never intended for such purposes, the Mini-T is a common car at indoor carpet races and holds its own well against newer trucks. Another popular use of the Mini-T is conversion to a mini dirt oval racer. Team Losi also offers the Micro T, a 1/36 scale stadium truck.
External links.
the losi mini t (1/18 scale) is one of the 5 losi t series. the mini t is by far my favourite.

</doc>
<doc id="2881154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881154" title="John Pawson">
John Pawson

John Pawson (born 6 May 1949) is a British designer associated with the minimalist aesthetic.
Biography.
Pawson studied at Eton College and the Architectural Association School of Architecture. He is married to Catherine Pawson and has two children, Caius and Benedict.
Selected projects.
London's Cannelle Cake Shop, several Calvin Klein stores; such as the ice palace on Madison Avenue, work for Jigsaw (clothing retailer), New Wardour Castle apartments (2001), the Nový Dvůr Monastery, Abbaye Notre-Dame de Sept-Fons, Czech Republic (2004), Hotel Puerta America, Madrid (2005), Medina House in Tunis, and the Sackler Crossing, a walkway over the lake at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew (2006).
An exhibition of Pawson's work was held at the Design Museum in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2881159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881159" title="Lilith (Marvel Comics)">
Lilith (Marvel Comics)

Lilith is the name of two fictional American comic book characters owned by Marvel Comics. Both characters exist in the Marvel Universe.
The first of these two to appear was Lilith, the daughter of Dracula. Like her father, she is also a vampire, although her powers and weaknesses differ from most other vampires. She first appeared in "Giant-Size Chillers featuring Curse of Dracula" #1 (June, 1974) drawn by artist Gene Colan.
The second is a demon sorceress who is known as the "Mother of All Demons". She first appeared in "Ghost Rider", Vol. 2, issue 28 (August, 1992).
Dracula's daughter.
Publication history.
Lilith, the daughter of Dracula, first appeared in "Giant-Size Chillers featuring Curse of Dracula" #1 (June 1974), and was created by Marv Wolfman and Gene Colan. Most of her solo appearances were written by Steve Gerber, who would later use a supporting character he created for these stories, Martin Gold, in "The Legion of Night".
The character subsequently appeared in "Vampire Tales" #6 (August 1974), "The Tomb of Dracula" vol. 1 #23 (August 1974), "The Tomb of Dracula" vol. 1 #25 (October 1974), #28 (January 1975), "Dracula Lives!" #10-11 (January-March 1975), "Marvel Preview" #12 (September 1977), "The Tomb of Dracula" vol. 1 #60 (September 1977), "Marvel Preview" #16 (June 1978), "The Tomb of Dracula" vol. 1 #66-67 (September-November 1978), "The Tomb of Dracula" vol. 2 #3 (February 1980), 5-6 (June, August 1980), "Uncanny X-Men Annual" #6 (1982), and her apparent "death" occurred in "Dr. Strange" vol. 2 #62 (December 1983). She made a posthumous appearance in "Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme" #9 (November 1989).
Lilith returned years later in "Ghost Rider" vol. 3 #82-85 (February-May 1997), "Spider-Man Unlimited" vol. 2 #20 (May 1998), "Dracula: Lord of the Undead" #1-3 (December 1998), "Witches" #2 (August 2004), "Nick Fury's Howling Commandos" #2-6 (January-May 2006), and "Legion of Monsters: Morbius" #1 (September 2007).
Lilith received an entry in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition" #18, and the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe: Horror 2005".
Fictional character biography.
Lilith is Dracula's oldest child, and is his only child by his first wife, Zofia, who was forced on Dracula by his father. After Dracula's father died, he renounced Zofia and forced her and their infant daughter to leave Castle Dracula so that he could marry the woman he truly loved. Lilith was raised by Gypsies to whom she had been entrusted after her mother's suicide. Lilith's foster-mother was the gypsy Gretchin. When Lilith was a young girl, Dracula, now a vampire, attacked and murdered Gretchin's son Arni, enraging her into seeking revenge. She cast a spell upon Lilith to make her into a vampire, but one with rather different powers: unlike conventional Marvel Comics vampires, she did not fear holy symbols, and was not harmed at all by being out in the daylight. As part of the curse, she would haunt Dracula, ever opposing him, until Dracula was finally, irrevocably destroyed. Whenever she was "killed", she would reappear by taking over the body of a woman who hated her father and wished for his death; this included the ability to shift forms and clothing between Lilith's own form and that of her "hostess".
Lilith normally appeared, when in her own form, as a tall, beautiful woman with long black hair and a family resemblance to Dracula, dressed in a skin-tight costume with a bat-like ornament in her hair. As a vampire, she could change forms into a wolf, a bat, or mist, and had limited control over weather, as well as the ability to command wolves, bats, and rats. Although she can drink blood, she is not dependent upon it for sustenance.
In the modern era, Lilith's spirit possessed a woman named Angel O'Hara, who had come to hate her father when he accidentally killed her husband. Lilith killed Angel's father, but allowed her to live her life when Lilith was not using their shared body. Angel was eventually physically separated from Lilith by Viktor Benzel, a distant descendant of Gretchin; Viktor created separate bodies for Angel and Lilith.
At one point, Lilith and Dracula agreed to avoid each other, but the agreement broke down. When Dracula was stripped of his vampiric powers toward the end of the 70-issue "The Tomb of Dracula" story-arc, he asked Lilith to bite him and restore him to vampirism, only to be refused. In an issue of "The Tomb of Dracula" magazine that soon followed, Lilith and Dracula fought once more, and Dracula revealed to Lilith that the curse that made her his eternal nemesis also prevented her from being able to actually kill him. Lilith was destroyed along with her father and the rest of Earth's vampires when Doctor Strange used the Darkhold's Montesi Formula to eliminate vampirism. The Montesi Formula eventually weakened, and both Lilith and her father returned to life. Lilith subsequently appeared as Dracula's antagonist in the three-issue "Dracula: Lord of the Undead" limited series in 1998 and agent of Nick Fury's Howling Commandos in 2005.
Mother of All Demons.
The demon Lilith is an ancient demon goddess and sorceress. She gives birth to demons called the Lilin which have lives of their own, but always remain obedient to their mother.
Fictional character biography.
Lilith is an immortal who had lived in the city of pre-cataclysmic Atlantis, one of its few survivors. Over the centuries, she gave birth to many of her children – (the Lilin) – including Creed, Pilgrim, Fang, Doc, Meatmarket, Skinner, and Nakota. Trapped in the leviathan Tiamat by Atlantean sorcerers, she used her vast magics to influence outside affairs. While thus imprisoned, she encountered Dan Ketch's spirit, and then appeared in a vision to Blackout.
Lilith was finally released from her ancient imprisonment by two unknowing scientist explorers. Discovering that her Lilin children had been scattered across the dimensions centuries ago and that many of them were destroyed by Ghost Rider and Johnny Blaze, she soon made enemies of them. She recruited the Lilin and Blackout, and sent Blackout, Creed, and Pilgrim to abduct John Blaze's son, Craig Blaze. She sent the Lilin Fang to attack Morbius. She witnessed Ghost Rider and John Blaze's battle with Steel Vengeance. Alongside the Lilin, she abducted Doris Ketch, Jack D'Auria, and Arthur and Stacy Dolan. She transformed the Darkholders' ninjas and sent them to kill Victoria Montesi. Alongside the Lilin, she battled Ghost Rider, John Blaze, and the Darkhold Redeemers. She then sent the Lilin Skinner to attack Ghost Rider and John Blaze. She then hired the Nightstalkers to kill Ghost Rider and John Blaze. Alongside the Lilin, she again battled Ghost Rider, John Blaze, Morbius, the Nightstalkers, and the Darkhold Redeemers.
After many attempts to kill the two, her enemies list grew to include Doctor Strange, Morbius the Living Vampire, the Witches, the Nightstalkers and the Midnight Sons. In her first attempt she and most of her children were killed. Many months later her children were reborn with the assistance of Meatmarket, a child Lilith did not expect would help her. This time they are allied with Centurious, the man without a soul. Their goal was to claim the mystical artifact called the Medallion of Power, and kill its inheritors, John Blaze, Daniel Ketch, and Vengeance. Lilith and her offspring betrayed Centurious and allied with his most hated enemy, Zarathos. However the Midnight Sons banished Lilith and her offspring to the shadowside. Zarathos was later turned into stone and killed. Lilith returned to the stoned Zarathos saying she abandoned her old offspring and replaced it with his offspring, promising vengeance for the both of them.
Lilith was one of several demonic beings imprisoned within Avalon at the start of the Secret Invasion, but was then freed by Pete Wisdom during Captain Britain and MI3's battle with the Skrulls. Lilith subsequently joins Satannish and the other freed creatures in killing the invading Skrulls, after hearing them state that any magical creatures that do not serve the Skrulls will not be tolerated. She later joins Dracula's inner circle as he plans to invade the United Kingdom.
Powers and abilities.
Lilith's powers include superhuman strength, durability, and stamina. She has a vast ability to manipulate the forces of magic for a variety of effects, including energy manifestations and others as yet unrevealed. Additionally she is able to summon her demon children to Earth's dimension and the more demons she "births" the more her physical strength increases.

</doc>
<doc id="2881164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881164" title="TorrentFlux">
TorrentFlux

TorrentFlux is a free and open source multi-user GUI for BitTornado. Unlike most BitTorrent clients, its main user interface is a web interface. It is scripted in PHP, with a MySQL database and runs on a web server.
Its web interface allows it to be operated on a remote server, which is useful for file services based at an Internet service center.
The most recent beta release also includes support for ADOdb, allowing for use of other database backends. Numerous "hacks" have been written to add additional functionality.
Status.
The latest release is 2.4 final for Linux, released on June 18, 2008. The latest Windows version is 1.3, released August 15, 2004.
TorrentFlux-b4rt.
In January 2007 a fork called TorrentFlux-b4rt was created by a TorrentFlux forum member with the alias "b4rt". TorrentFlux-b4rt incorporates many of the mods created by the community, as well as some new features and display themes, into a single package. An existing TorrentFlux installation can be converted to a TorrentFlux-b4rt installation, preserving all settings and data, by using the scripts included with TorrentFlux-b4rt.
The newer versions of TorrentFlux-b4rt are completely rewritten, and no longer based on the original TorrentFlux source code.
Key TorrentFlux-b4rt additions:
TorrentFlux NG.
In October 2010, a few TorrentFlux-b4rt enthusiasts created a fork from TorrentFlux-b4rt. The reason for this is that project development for TorrentFlux-b4rt has come to an end, the continuous stream of spam on the forums, a website that had not been updated for years and a lack of permissions and access for others to update the project and the site.
TorrentFlux NG wants to include the following features in its first release:
One of the key targets for future releases is the separation of the front-end from the back-end.

</doc>
<doc id="2881165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881165" title="Kol Tsion HaLokhemet">
Kol Tsion HaLokhemet

Kol Tsion HaLokhemet () (lit. "Voice of Fighting Zion") was the underground radio station of the Irgun.
History.
Kol Zion HaLokhemet was operated from February 1939. It was located opposite Meir Park, in Tel Aviv.
The radio station used its broadcasts to give information about the goals and intentions of the Irgun. For example, he declared:
In 1939 Esther Raziel-Naor, the sister of fellow Irgun leader David Raziel, became the first broadcaster of the radio station.
In September 1945 the radio station was used to attack Chaim Weizmann, of the Jewish Agency, as a "Jewish Quisling."
In August 1946 the station was used to call for a revolt and war against the Palestine Administration.
In November 1946 the station was used to denounce as lies British assertions that the Irgun intended to assassinate members of the government and the military. It also used the station that month to indicate that it would be expanding its activities outside of Palestine.
In December 1947, the station was used to announce "Enough restraint. From now on we attack the nests of murderers."
When the Irgun was attacked by the Haganah at the Altalena, Begin used the radio station to urge his men not to counter-attack.
A number of its radio broadcast transcripts between 1936 and 1948 are collected by "Psychological Warfare and Propaganda: Irgun Documentation".

</doc>
<doc id="2881168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881168" title="Hayastani Azgayin Skautakan Sharjum Kazmakerputiun">
Hayastani Azgayin Skautakan Sharjum Kazmakerputiun

Hayastani Azgayin Scautakan Sharjum Kazmakerputiun (HASK; ) is the primary national Scouting organization of Armenia, and became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1997. The coeducational Hayastani Azgayin Scautakan Sharjum Kazmakerputiun has 2,303 members as of 2011.
History.
Scouting in Armenia was founded in 1912, then later developed abroad among the refugees who had survived the genocide of 1915-1916 and among those that had fled the new communist occupation of their lands, at which point Scouting ceased to exist in Armenia.
"Haï Ari" (in French "Association des Scouts Armeniens", in English Association of Armenian Scouts) was a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1928 to 1997. The organization was recognized in exile, with headquarters and approximately 1,100 members in France.
In 1978, Dr. Kourkène Medzadourian was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.
1994 saw the formation of the Armenian National Scout Movement Hayastani Azgayin Scautakan Sharjum Kazmakerputiun. As of 2004, HASK had over 2,368 members, both male and female. In order to permit entry into the World Organization for Scouting in Armenia, the French-based Armenian Scouts withdrew membership in the World Organization, which passed to HASK on April 18, 1997. On that date, the number of national member organizations of the World Organization rose to 144. The new Armenian National Scout Movement was represented at the 18th World Scout Jamboree in the Netherlands.
The Scout Motto is "Misht Badrast", "Always Ready" in Armenian. The Armenian noun for a single Scout is Սկաուտ, transliterated Scaut.
The Scout emblem incorporates the national colors as well as Mount Ararat, also an element of the coat of arms of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="2881169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881169" title="Malampuzha">
Malampuzha

Malampuzha is a village in Palakkad district of Kerala, South India, near to the Malampuzha Dam.
Politics.
Malampuzha assembly constituency is part of Palghat (Lok Sabha constituency).
References.
Malampuzha Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="2881175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881175" title="Encore (S.H.E album)">
Encore (S.H.E album)

Encore () is the sixth studio album by Taiwanese Mandopop girl group S.H.E. It was released on 12 November 2004 by HIM International Music. This is the first album that S.H.E released in the autumn, on account of Selina's graduation from university. A second "Encore (DVD Plus Edition)" was also released.
"候鳥" (Migratory Bird) was composed by Jay Chou and features Chinese music elements. It was the Mandarin theme song of Japanese film, "Quill". This song was written on behalf of Ella's previous relationship which had ended on a bad note. Jay Chou composed the song, and it was said that Ella cried when she read the lyrics. After "我愛你" (I Love You) was produced, Sweetbox re-sang it as "More than Love".
Reception.
The track, "候鳥" (Migratory Bird) won one of the "Top 10 Songs of the Year" at the 2005 HITO Radio Music Awards presented by Taiwanese radio station Hit FM. It was also nominated for "Top 10 Gold Songs" at the Hong Kong TVB8 Awards, presented by television station TVB8, in 2005.
The album was awarded one of the "Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year" at the 2005 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards, presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.
Track listing.
The tracks was retitled to English for the iTunes release.
Music videos.
"我愛你" (I Love You) - The music video was filmed in Shanghai, PRC. There are two versions of the video: a 3-minute TV version, and a 12-minute full version. The 12-minute version features two elderly people who reflect upon their love life back when they were still young. In 1940s Shanghai, the girl tells her lover that her family is moving to Taiwan, likely due to the Chinese Civil War. She gives the boy a box containing her love inside, and leaves in tears. In 1989, the girl, now a grandmother of at least two children, receives a letter from the boy, now a single elderly man. Unlike the grandmother, who seems to enjoy life with her husband, children and grandchildren, the old man has been waiting for the past few decades for his lover to come back to Shanghai. 
Review.
UrbanWire called "Encore" "a refreshing change from the usual tunes you'd find in pop albums," but for first-time fans, the album might seem like "a monotonous compilation of slow songs with a little injection of pop." This album was released on the same day as "Encore" by Eminem.

</doc>
<doc id="2881177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881177" title="Takeshi Miyazawa">
Takeshi Miyazawa

Takeshi Miyazawa (born April 19, 1978) is a comic book artist who was born in Canada and attended Queen's University in Ontario to study art. His art style incorporates a manga sensibility.
Bibliography.
Incomplete comic book checklist:
Incomplete trade paperback checklist:

</doc>
<doc id="2881178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881178" title="Sam Ybarra">
Sam Ybarra

Sam Ybarra (1945-1982) was a United States Army soldier who served in the Tiger Force commando unit attached to the 101st Airborne Division during the Vietnam War.
Ybarra was born and raised on the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation in Arizona to a Mexican father and an Apache mother. When he was five, his father died in a bar brawl, and after that he was raised by his mother. He attended Globe High School in Globe, Arizona, and was arrested four times as a teenager for disturbing the peace and underage drinking.
Ybarra enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1966, along with his childhood friend Kenneth Green, and the friends were attached to the Tiger Force unit. Both he and Green committed atrocities against Vietnamese civilians during the war, and engaged in the Tiger Force practice of cutting off trophy ears from their victims. 
Ybarra was noted by the "Stars and Stripes" magazine as having recorded the 1000th kill of Operation Wheeler.
Green was killed on September 29, 1967, and other Tiger Force soldiers claim that it threw Ybarra over the edge, as he vowed to avenge his friend's death. As a result, he became the unit's worst killer, and had to be transferred out of the unit to an artillery company in early 1968. Ybarra went on to be court martialed for insubordination, and was dishonorably discharged in late 1968. He would later be named in 7 of the 30 allegations that the Army would later investigate the unit for.
Once discharged, Ybarra could not be compelled to testify to the investigations against him, and declined three times. He died of pneumonia in 1982, at age 37, living with his mother on the San Carlos Apache Reservation in Arizona, reportedly contrite and depressed over his role in the war.

</doc>
<doc id="2881179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881179" title="Honda ST1100">
Honda ST1100

The Honda ST1100, also known as the Pan-European, is a sport touring motorcycle that was manufactured by Honda until 2002. 
History.
The ST1100 (ST from Sport Touring, 1100 from the engine capacity) began its production in 1990 and ended in 2002, although the police variant, the ST1100P, was available for several more years.
A revamped model, the ST1300 which is also called the Pan-European, was launched in 2002 worldwide and was available in the US in 2003.
Features.
The ST1100 was optimized for long-distance touring with the following features:
Recalls and common problems.
Models manufactured from 1991 to 1993 were issued a recall due to issues with a defective bank angle sensor which may have caused the engine to shut off unexpectedly.
Corrosion on the swingarm, seizing brake calipers and poor paint quality are issues which affects the older bikes particularly.

</doc>
<doc id="2881183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881183" title="Buffalo and Erie County Naval &amp; Military Park">
Buffalo and Erie County Naval &amp; Military Park

The Buffalo and Erie County Naval & Military Park, formerly known as The Buffalo Naval and Servicemen's Park, is a museum on the shore of Lake Erie in Buffalo, New York. It is home to several decommissioned US Naval vessels, including the "Cleveland"-class cruiser , the "Fletcher"-class destroyer , and the submarine . All three are open to the public for tours.
History.
The construction of the Buffalo Naval and Servicemen's Park (later named the Buffalo and Erie County Naval & Military Park) started in 1977. The park was opened to the public on July 4, 1979. The "Cleveland"-class cruiser , the "Fletcher"-class destroyer were part of the original display. In 1988 the "Gato"-class submarine was added. In 1989 the "Croaker" underwent a refit.
The Park has gone through a few major changes in recent years. In 2003 the ships were moved slightly to the foot of Pearl and Main streets. A new synergy has come to Buffalo's Waterfront, known as Canalside, and the Naval Park abuts the historic Commercial Slip. New structures were added including a new museum, and the new Liberty Hound restaurant opened in the summer of 2012.
Displays.
Along with the ships, there are a variety of smaller vehicles, vessels, and aircraft are also on display at the park. These include the Gyrodyne X-Ron 1 Rotorcycle one-man helicopter used by the US Marine Corps in the late fifties and early sixties, an Army M41 Walker Bulldog tank used in the Korean War, a Marine M-84 Armored personnel carrier, a UH-1 Huey flown in Vietnam, an Air Force F-101 Voodoo flown by the New York Air National Guard's 136th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron at Niagara Falls ARS, a Trumpy-class Fast Patrol Craft, used in Vietnam, a Navy FJ Fury (FJ-4) jet (equivalent to the Air Force's F-86 Sabre), and a USAAF P-39 Airacobra manufactured at Bell Aircraft in Buffalo which saw service in World War II. The sail and rudder of the submarine are also on display here.
The park is located near the First Niagara Center in downtown Buffalo. Hours vary by season, but the park is closed from December to March.

</doc>
<doc id="2881185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881185" title="Trattoria">
Trattoria

A trattoria is an Italian-style eating establishment, less formal than a "ristorante", but more formal than an "osteria". There are generally no printed menus, the service is casual, wine is sold by the decanter rather than the bottle, prices are low, and the emphasis is on a steady clientele rather than on haute cuisine. The food is modest but plentiful (mostly following regional and local recipes) and in some instances is even served family-style (i.e. at common tables).
Trattorie faithful to this stereotype have become fewer in the last 20 years and many have adopted some (or several) of the trappings of restaurants, with just one or two "concessions" to the old rustic and familiar style.
Optionally, trattoria food may be bought in containers for taking home. The word is cognate with the French word "traiteur"—meaning a catering business whose (almost) sole raison d'être is take-out food.

</doc>
<doc id="2881189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881189" title="Huguenot Memorial Bridge">
Huguenot Memorial Bridge

Huguenot Memorial Bridge is located in Henrico County and the independent city of Richmond, Virginia. It carries State Route 147 across the former Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (now the James River Line of CSX Transportation), the James River and Kanawha Canal, and the James River in the fall line region above the head of navigation at Richmond.
The Huguenot Memorial Bridge was completed in 1950. The 2900 ft span replaced the low-level Westham Bridge which had been built as a toll bridge in 1911, and had been subject to flooding and was inadequate for traffic in the growing suburban area.
The Huguenot Memorial Bridge was named in honor of the French Huguenot settlers who came to the area in the 18th century to escape religious persecution in France. It is owned by the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) and is the western-most bridge over the James River in the metropolitan Richmond area that is open to pedestrians.
The current bridge is facing significant structural issues. After years of problems maintaining the deck and pavement, as of 2008, a replacement was included in the limited number of high priority projects underway with the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT). Construction began in 2010 and completed in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2881199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881199" title="Signalling Connection Control Part">
Signalling Connection Control Part

The Signalling Connection Control Part (SCCP) is a network layer protocol that provides extended routing, flow control, segmentation, connection-orientation, and error correction facilities in Signaling System 7 telecommunications networks. SCCP relies on the services of MTP for basic routing and error detection.
Published specification.
The base SCCP specification is defined by the ITU-T, in recommendations Q.711 to Q.714, with additional information to implementors provided by Q.715 and Q.716. There are, however, regional variations defined by local standards bodies. In the United States, ANSI publishes its modifications to Q.713 as ANSI T1.112. The TTC publishes as JT-Q.711 to JT-Q.714, and Europe ETSI publishes "ETSI EN 300-009-1:" both of which document their modifications to the ITU-T specifications.
Routing facilities beyond MTP.
Although MTP provides routing capabilities based upon the Point Code, SCCP allows routing using a Point Code and Subsystem number or a Global Title.
A Point Code is used to address a particular node on the network, whereas a Subsystem number addresses a specific application available on that node. SCCP employs a process called Global Title Translation to determine Point Codes from Global Titles so as to instruct MTP on where to route messages.
SCCP messages contain parameters which describe the type of addressing used, and how the message should be routed:
Protocol classes.
SCCP provides 5 classes of protocol to its applications:
The connectionless protocol classes provide the capabilities needed to transfer one Network Service Data Unit (NSDU) in the "data" field of an XUDT, LUDT or UDT message. When one connectionless message is not sufficient to convey the user data contained in one NSDU, a segmenting/reassembly function for protocol classes 0 and 1 is provided. In this case, the SCCP at the originating node or in a relay node provides segmentation of the information into multiple segments prior to transfer in the "data" field of XUDT (or as a network option LUDT) messages. At the destination node, the NSDU is reassembled.
The connection-oriented protocol classes (protocol classes 2 and 3) provide the means to set up signalling connections in order to exchange a number of related NSDUs. The connection-oriented protocol classes also provide a segmenting and reassembling capability. If an NSDU is longer than 255 octets, it is split into multiple segments at the originating node, prior to transfer in the "data" field of DT messages. Each segment is less than or equal to 255 octets. At the destination node, the NSDU is reassembled.
Class 0: Basic connectionless.
The SCCP Class 0 protocol class is the most basic of the SCCP protocol classes. Network Service Data Units passed by higher layers to the SCCP in the originating node are delivered by the SCCP to higher layers in the destination node. They are transferred independently of each other. Therefore, they may be delivered to the SCCP user out-of-sequence. Thus, this protocol class corresponds to a pure connectionless network service. As a connectionless protocol, no network connection is established between the sender and the receiver.
Class 1: Sequenced connectionless.
SCCP Class 1 builds on the capabilities of Class 0, with the addition of a sequence control parameter in the NSDU which allows the SCCP User to instruct the SCCP that a given stream of messages should be delivered in sequence. Therefore, Protocol Class 1 corresponds to an enhanced connectionless protocol with assurances of in-sequence delivery.
Class 2: Basic connection-oriented.
SCCP Class 2 provides the facilities of Class 1, but also allows for an entity to establish a two-way dialog with another entity using SCCP.
Class 3: Flow control connection oriented.
Class 3 service builds upon Class 2, but also allows for expedited (urgent) messages to be sent and received, and for errors in sequencing (segment re-assembly) to be detected and for SCCP to restart a connection should this occur.
Transport over IP Networks.
In the SIGTRAN suite of protocols, there are two primary methods of transporting SCCP applications across Internet Protocol networks: SCCP can be transported indirectly using the "MTP level 3 User Adaptation" protocol (M3UA), a protocol which provides support for users of MTP-3—including SCCP. Alternatively, SCCP applications can operate directly over the "SCCP User Adaptation" protocol (SUA) which is a form of modified SCCP designed specifically for use in IP networking.
ITU-T also provides for the transport of SCCP users over Internet Protocol using the "Generic Signalling Transport" service specified in Q.2150.0, the "signalling transport converter" for SCTP specified in Q.2150.3 and a specialized "Transport-Independent Signalling Connection Control Part" (TI-SCCP) specified in T-REC-Q.2220.
TI-SCCP can also be used with the "Generic Signalling Transport" adapted for MTP3 and MTP3b as described in Q.2150.1, or adapted for SSCOP or SSCOPMCE as described in Q.2150.2.

</doc>
<doc id="2881204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881204" title="Saptapadi">
Saptapadi

Saptapadi (, "saptapadī") is the most important rite (Sanskrit, Hindi: rītī) of a Hindu marriage ceremony. The word, Saptapadi means "Seven steps". After tying the Mangalsutra, the newly wed couple take seven steps around the holy fire, that is called Saptapadi.
In Eastern India, South India and Western India, especially in Hindu Marriage, after each saying a mantra at each of the seven steps, the couple say these words together: 
In North Indian weddings, the bride and the groom say the following words after completing the seven steps:

</doc>
<doc id="2881211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881211" title="Glomalin">
Glomalin

Glomalin is a glycoprotein produced abundantly on hyphae and spores of arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungi in soil and in roots. Glomalin was discovered in 1996 by Sara F. Wright, a scientist at the USDA Agricultural Research Service. The name comes from Glomales, an order of fungi.
Discovery.
Glomalin eluded detection until 1992 because, “It requires an unusual effort to dislodge glomalin for study: a bath in citrate combined with heating at 250 F (121 C) for at least an hour... No other soil glue found to date required anything as drastic as this.” - Sara Wright.
Description.
The specific protein glomalin has not yet been isolated and described. However, glomalin-related soil proteins (GRSP) have been identified using a monoclonal antibody (Mab32B11) raised against crushed AMF spores. It is defined by its extraction conditions and reaction with the antibody Mab32B11.
The discoverer of glomalin, Sara Wright, thinks the “glomalin molecule is a clump of small glycoproteins with iron and other ions attached... glomalin contains form 1 to 9% tightly bound iron... We’ve seen glomalin on the  outside of hyphae, and we believe this is how the hyphae seal themselves so they can carry water and nutrients. It may also be what gives them the rigidity they need to span the air spaces between soil particles.” Glomalin takes 7–42 years to biodegrade. The highest levels of glomalin were found in volcanic soils of Hawaii and Japan. 
There is other circumstantial evidence to show that glomalin is of AM fungal origin. When AM fungi are eliminated from soil through incubation of soil without host plants, the concentration of GRSP declines. A similar decline in GRSP has also been observed in incubated soils from forested, afforested, and agricultural land and grasslands treated with fungicide. Concentrations of glomalin in soil are correlated with the primary productivity of an ecosystem.
The chemistry of glomalin-related soil protein (GRSP) is not yet fully understood, and the link between glomalin, GRSP, and arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi is not yet clear. The physiological function of glomalin in fungi is also a topic of current research.
Effects.
Glomalin-related soil proteins (GRSPs), along with humic acid, are a significant component of soil organic matter and act to bind mineral particles together, improving soil quality. Glomalin has been investigated for its carbon and nitrogen storing properties, including as a potential method of carbon sequestration.
Glomalin is hypothesized to improve soil aggregate water stability and decrease soil erosion. A strong correlation has been found between GRSP and soil aggregate water stability in a wide variety of soils where organic material is the main binding agent, although the mechanism is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="2881213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881213" title="Minnesota State High School Mathematics League">
Minnesota State High School Mathematics League

The Minnesota State High School Mathematics League is the premier high school mathematics league in the state of Minnesota. It was founded in 1980 by Macalester College professor Wayne Roberts. The league holds five statewide tournaments per year from November through February, as well as a state tournament in March.
Questions.
The problems posed are divided into five events - Individual events A, B, C, and D, and the team event. Events A, B, C, and D usually consist of algebra, geometry, trigonometry, and precalculus topics, respectively. The team event is a mix of all four.
Scoring.
Each competitor chooses to compete in two individual events. Each high school chooses its eight top members, including at least two students below the eleventh grade, as its "varsity" team, which actually earns points in the name of the school and competes together in the team event; the other students simply compete for themselves in whichever two individual events they choose. Each individual event contains one one point question and three two point questions, so the maximum a person may score per meet is fourteen points. The team events each contain six questions worth four points each. A team's total score is determined by adding the individual scores of the varsity members and the varsity team score. At the end of the season, the teams with the highest scores in the state continue to the state tournament.
State Tournament.
The state tournaments have been held at South St. Paul High School since 2008. Before that, state tournaments were usually held at Eagan High School. The state tournament begins with the Invitational event. The Invitational is a 30-minute-long test taken by the top 50 students in the season. This is followed by the Math Bowl and an awards ceremony. The Math Bowl brings together the top 10 scorers from the Invitational, and they compete on stage by solving ten problems one at a time within a limited amount of time. Later during the day, there is a meet that is structured like the other meets during the year. The only exception is that there are 15 minutes for an individual event and 30 minutes for a team event. The tournament concludes with a banquet in the evening and a second award ceremony.
Winners.
The League officially recognizes individual and team winners of two types each season, one with the highest overall season score, and one with the highest state tournament score. Since the 1988-1989 season, the League has recognized an additional Class A state tournament winner. In 2004-2005, this designation was changed to "Tier 2" rather than "Class A," with larger schools designated as "Tier 1".
Thirteen students have achieved perfect scores of 70 points in the regular season: Erik Vee in 1991-1992, Derek Farmer in 1993-1994, Michael Korn in 1995-1996, Andrew Gacek, Nate Sheetz, and Sam Lindsay-Levine in 1999-2000, Dan Baker in 2002-2003, Ning Zhou in 2003-2004, Nick Arnosti in 2006-2007, Shui Hu in 2007-2008, Rohit Agrawal and Gaurav Singh in both 2009-2010 and 2010-2011, and Abram Sanderson in 2012-2013. Perfect scores on the state tournament are more common, but only Rohit Agrawal (2009-2010) has achieved perfect scores in the regular season and tournament in the same year.
Other League-Sponsored Activities.
The Minnesota State High School Mathematics League sponsors the Minnesota All-State Mathematics Team, which competes at ARML (a national math tournament) annually. Selection is based on MSHSML season and state tournament scores and American Mathematics Competitions scores. 
The team was founded in 1987. Since then, the Gold team has finished in the top ten at ARML in division A 12 times, winning the national championship in 1997. The Maroon team has finished in the top ten in division B 8 times, and won division B in 1993. 
The All-State team also sends 16 students (2 teams) annually to the Harvard-MIT Mathematics Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="2881218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881218" title="Shoji Jo">
Shoji Jo

Career.
He was born on the island of Hokkaidō and began his footballing career with JEF United in 1994. He quickly established himself, scoring twelve goals in his first season; he scored his first goal on his debut against Gamba Osaka on 12 March. He made his international debut the following September in a friendly match against Paraguay.
After three seasons with JEF United, Jo moved to the Yokohama Marinos in 1997. His performances in the 1998-99 season led to a loan move to the Spanish Primera División team Real Valladolid. He failed to make an impact with the club, making just 15 appearances and scoring two goals before sustaining a knee injury. After his return to Japan, Jo struggled to reestablish himself as a regular goal scorer with the Marinos and Vissel Kobe, with whom he joined in 2002. He joined Yokohama FC in 2003, where he scored 12 goals in his first season with them. He helped his club to become J2 Champions in 2006 gained and promotion to J1, but he retired from playing after that season.
Jo made 35 caps and scored 7 goals for Japan from 1995 to 2001. He made his first appearance in an international competition with the under-23 team in the 1996 Olympic Games. He later played in the 1998 World Cup and the Copa America in 1999. 
He is currently working on television as a football commentator. (as of October 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="2881222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881222" title="Steve Lyons (baseball)">
Steve Lyons (baseball)

Stephen John Lyons (born June 3, 1960) is a former Major League Baseball player and a television sportscaster. He is of French and Irish descent, and currently resides in Hermosa Beach, California.
He was initially an outfielder and third baseman, but found a niche as a utility player. He played 9 seasons in the majors, from to , during which he was released a number of times. After his retirement, he became a television baseball commentator.
Biography.
Early life.
Lyons was born in Tacoma, Washington, and grew up in Eugene and Beaverton, Oregon. He graduated from Beaverton High School in 1978, and attended Oregon State on a partial baseball scholarship. After his junior year, Lyons was a first round draft pick (19th overall) by the Boston Red Sox in .
Professional career.
Lyons made his major league debut in April at age 24. 
He was traded to the Chicago White Sox for pitcher Tom Seaver in June . After 5 seasons with the White Sox, he returned to the Red Sox in . In , his playing time diminished as he shuffled from the Atlanta Braves to the Montreal Expos and back to the Red Sox for a third time. In Lyons was with the Chicago Cubs during spring training, and was picked up once again by the Red Sox in May. This was his final season as a player.
Lyons has the rare distinction of having played at all 9 positions on the field at the major league level, although in an exhibition game. He also appeared as a designated hitter and pinch hitter. He appeared twice as a pitcher in relief, giving up 4 hits, 4 walks, and 1 run in 3 innings (for a 3.00 ERA).
His career batting totals included a .252 batting average, 19 home runs, and 196 RBIs.
Eccentricities.
Lyons' colorful personality earned him the nickname "Psycho." He was known for such eccentricities as playing tic-tac-toe and hangman with his spikes in the infield dirt during games. 
His most remembered incident occurred at Tiger Stadium in Detroit on a Monday night in . In a televised game played on July 16, he created a stir that was replayed countless times. After sliding headfirst into first base to beat out a bunt hit, Lyons pulled down his pants to empty the dirt out and brush off his shirttail. After a few seconds (and a reaction from the crowd of over 14,000), he realized what he had just done and quickly pulled them up, humorously embarrassed. Although wearing sliding shorts under his White Sox uniform, this incident earned him another nickname, "Moon Man" Lyons. At the end of the inning, women in the stands waved dollar bills at him as he came to the dugout.
And the jokes began:
wrote one columnist. Within 24 hours of the "exposure," he received more exposure than he'd gotten his entire career: seven live television and approximately 20 radio interviews. Lyons himself once stated:
Broadcasting career.
After his retirement from the playing field, Lyons became a color analyst for Fox Sports' MLB coverage in , working first in a studio pregame show (with Chip Caray and Keith Olbermann) and later on game coverage (usually with Thom Brennaman). He called several Division Series and League Championship Series telecasts for the network. 
Lyons was fired by Fox Sports on October 14, 2006 for making ethnically insensitive comments during his broadcast of a 2006 postseason game.
He was part of the Arizona Diamondbacks' broadcast crew in 2003-04, and from 2005-2013 served as color analyst for the Los Angeles Dodgers on Prime Ticket and KCAL on television broadcasts originating from outside the NL West, broadcasting first alongside Charley Steiner and then Eric Collins. He also co-hosted the Dodgers pre-game and post-game shows for Prime Ticket. Lyons made his debut video game appearance as a broadcaster in "All-Star Baseball 2005" along with Thom Brennaman.
In 2014, Lyons joined NESN as a Red Sox studio analyst.
Controversial remarks while broadcasting.
Lyons has been known to make ethnically insensitive comments on multiple occasions; for example, implying that it was okay if a Japanese journalist's camera was smashed by Hideki Irabu, because as an Asian journalist must have half a dozen spares.
Lyons maligned outfielder Shawn Green, who is Jewish, for sitting out a game on Yom Kippur in , saying:
Lyons was suspended briefly without pay after his remarks, and the network apologized for Lyons' comments, though Lyons never made an on-air apology.
In August , while working an Angels-Yankees game, Lyons discussed Italian American Yankees' catcher Sal Fasano, and the fact that he had to shave his moustache to accommodate owner George Steinbrenner's grooming code. Responding to a comment by his fellow Fox sportscaster about how one doesn't want to cross Fasano, Lyons replied:
Lyons and fellow sportscaster Thom Brennaman made fun of a 64-year-old New York Mets fan wearing an unusual device over his eyes at a game during Game 2 of the 2006 National League Division Series between the Mets and Dodgers, with Lyons saying:
The man turned out to be nearly blind, except for limited peripheral vision in one eye, and this headgear were special glasses (a "JORDY," a magnifying device) that allowed him limited vision with which to see the game. Brennaman later apologized to the man and his family on-air during Game 3 of the series.[http://www.usatoday.com/sports/baseball/2006-10-14-fox-lyons_x.htm?POE=SPOISVA]
Fox firing.
During their broadcast of Game 3 of the 2006 American League Championship Series, broadcast colleague Lou Piniella, who is of Spanish descent, used an analogy about finding a wallet, and then spoke briefly in Spanish. Lyons said Piniella was "hablaing Español" – Spanglish for "speaking Spanish" – and added, "I still can't find my wallet. I don't understand him, and I don't want to sit close to him now." On October 13, 2006, Fox fired Lyons for making the remarks.
Lyons was replaced for the last game of the series in Detroit by Los Angeles Angels announcer José Mota. Piniella later stated that he thought that Lyons was just "kidding" and that Lyons was, per Piniella's experience, not bigoted.
On October 16, 2006, the Dodgers announced that they would keep Lyons as a commentator for their road games. The team said that they gave Lyons probationary guidelines and that he would undergo diversity training. Lyons also continued to host the Dodgers' post-game show "Dodgers Live". 
On October 12, 2013, Lyons announced that he would not be returning to the Dodgers the following season.
Autobiography.
Lyons wrote an autobiography titled "Steve Lyons: PSYCHOanalysis" that was published in 2001. (ISBN 1-58261-360-5).

</doc>
<doc id="2881229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881229" title="Association of Scouts of Azerbaijan">
Association of Scouts of Azerbaijan

The Association of Scouts of Azerbaijan (Azeri Azərbaycan Skautlar Assosiasiyası), (ASA) the national Scouting organization of Azerbaijan, was founded in 1997, and became the 150th member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement on August 20, 2000. The coeducational Azərbaycan Skautlar Assosiasiyasi has 1,677 members as of 2011.
History.
ASA was founded on October 11, 1997, when Namik Jafarov, former president of the association, gathered the first members of the new movement and held the first Scout camp in Nabran. On August 20, 2000 ASA was invited to join WOSM and the Eurasia Scout Region. Branch offices exist in Shaki Rayon, Barda Rayon, Nakhchivan, Ismailli Rayon, Khachmaz Rayon, Zaqatala Rayon, Aghjabadi Rayon, Ganja, and Yevlakh Rayon.
As of 2004, there are 1,356 registered Scouts and leaders. Half of the registered Scouts live in the capital city of Baku. The remainder is spread throughout the countryside. Scouts of Azerbaijan participated in the 1998–1999 World Scout Jamboree in Chile, as well as several regional National Jamborees, and the second Eurasian Scout Conference, held in Baku in September, 2004.
Both the Scouts and the Association of Azerbaijan Girl Guides are members of the National Assembly of Youth Organizations of the Republic of Azerbaijan (NAYORA).
Ideals and program.
The Scout Motto is "Daima Hazır", "Be Prepared" in Azeri. The Azeri noun for a single Scout is "Skaut".
The Scout emblem incorporates the tricolor blue-red-green colors of the flag of Azerbaijan with two five edged stars rounded by rope and tied in a reef knot at the bottom. The Scout uniform consists of a khaki-colored shirt with shoulder straps, with adjustable sleeves, khaki-colored trousers or shorts, with a brown belt, and a tricolor blue-red-green neckerchief with a white border edge.
The Scout promise is "On my honor I promise that I will do my best, to do my duty to my community and Azerbaijan, to help other people at all times, to obey the Scout Law."
Scouting in Nagorno-Karabakh.
Scouting might also be developed in the region of Nagorno-Karabakh, but being an Armenian-controlled territory within Azerbaijan, it is unknown whether Scouts there would be aligned to Hayastani Azgayin Scautakan Sharjum Kazmakerputiun or to "Azərbaycan Skautlar Assosiasiyasi".

</doc>
<doc id="2881233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881233" title="Ajigonomi">
Ajigonomi

Ajigonomi is a blend of Japanese arare produced by the Bourbon food company. It consists of various kinds of rice crackers and peanut based items together with tiny dried fish.
Three variations are sold:
Each 100g of "ajigonmi" contains 471 calories.
The "gonomi", meaning "preference", in the name of the snack is the rendaku version of the "konomi" in okonomiyaki, although "ajigonomi" is not related to okonomiyaki.

</doc>
<doc id="2881253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881253" title="Digimon Adventure 02">
Digimon Adventure 02

, commonly referred to as Digimon Zero Two and known as the second season of Digimon: Digital Monsters outside of Japan, is a children's television anime series produced by Toei Animation. It is the second series in the Digimon franchise, which takes place three years (four years in the English dub) following the events of the previous season, "Digimon Adventure". The series aired in Japan between April 2, 2000, and March 25, 2001. An English language dub produced by Saban Entertainment aired in North America between August 19, 2000, and May 19, 2001. It was succeeded by "Digimon Tamers", which takes place in its own timeline.
Plot.
Taking place 3 years after "Digimon Adventure", the Digital World comes under attack from a mysterious human calling himself the Digimon Emperor who is enslaving Digimon with his Dark Rings while building Control Spires that negate Digivolution and act as aerials to power the Dark Rings. To fight him three new Digi-destined, Davis, Yolei and Cody along with the now teenage T.K and Kari, each gain a type of Digivice called a "D3", which allows them to open a gate to be transported to the Digital World through any computer. They are also given D-Terminals that hold Crest-themed relics called that allow Patamon and Gatomon, along with the new Digimon Veemon, Hawkmon, and Armadillomon to Armor Digivolve as a counter to the presence of Control Spires. The Digimon Emperor is eventually revealed to be the boy genius Ken Ichijouji, who flees to the Digital World before the Digidestined can confront him at his home. Now permanently based in the Digital World, the Digimon Emperor steps up his plans, kidnapping Tai Kamiya's partner Agumon. The Digimon Empreror forces Agumon to digivolve to Skullgreymon, who then goes on a rampage, now able to resist the power of the Dark Ring. The Digimon Emperor then creates the Dark Spiral to control fully evolved Digimon. Agumon is eventually freed when Davis discovers a new allowing Veemon to Armor Digivolve to a more powerful form, an ability Hawkmon and Armadillomon later gain when Yolei and Cody find similar . The Digidestined finally discover the mobile base of the Digimon Emperor, and resolve not to return home until it is destroyed. Cody and T.K manage to enter the headquarters as it enters the Dark Pool, a whirlpool in the ocean caused by a powerful Digimon, who is revealed to be what is left of Devimon, the first villain defeated by the original Digidestined. The Digimon Emperor takes Devimon's data as the final piece to complete his ultimate weapon, Kimeramon, created from the parts of many Digimon, as the Digimon Emperor is unsatisfied with his own partner Wormmon. However, while Kimeramon is able to defeat the Digidestined's partners effortlessly, Devimon's influence begins to drive the Digimon Emperor insane. After infiltrating the base a second time, and a fight with Kimeramon that almost kills the partner Digimon, Davis decides to set out to destroy the engine room of the base himself. Devimon's power causes Kimeramon to abandon his master, and Wormmon betrays the Digimon Emperor to help the Digidestined, and bring the Ken who was his friend back. In the engine room a Golden is found, which Veemon uses to digivolve to Magnamon. Magnamon duels with Kimeramon in a battle that destroys the base. Wormmon sacrifices himself to rescue Magnamon and give him the energy to destroy Kimeramon. Ken, who believed that the Digimon were nothing more than a game, realises he was a monster and casts off his evil side. After Wormmon dies in Ken's arms, he returns home, and the Digidestined do the same. 
With the Digimon Emperor defeated, the DigiDestined proceed to help the resident Digimon rebuild their homes. However, after his defeat, soul searching and the rebirth of his partner Wormmon, Ken learns of a mysterious woman who can turn Control Spires into constructs resembling living Digimon. Though Veemon, Hawkmon, and Armadillomon were now able to Digivolve to their Champion forms, the Control Spire Digimon prove to be stronger until Ken joins the gang and they learn of DNA Digivolution, enabling their Digimon to fuse with each other in pairs for more power. However, the mysterious woman, revealed to be a human-Digimon hybrid called Arukenimon, responds by creating BlackWarGreymon from a 100 Control Spires. Though the construct refuses to follow her orders, Arukenimon and her lackey Mummymon take advantage of his drive to find the ultimate opponent by having him destroy the Destiny Stones that keep the dimensional barriers of the human and Digital Worlds from blending, which is what Control Spires were really built for. As Blackwargreymon tries to destroy the last stone, the Digmon Sovereign Azulongmon intervenes, and defeats Blackwargreymon effortlessly. Azulongmon then explains to the Digidestined that he, along with the three other Sovereigns who guard the Digital World, was imprisoned by the Dark Masters in Season 1. When the original Digidestined gave up the power of their crests, the Sovereigns were freed. Azulongmon then plants seeds to recreate the destroyed Destiny Stones. Although he tells Blackwargreymon he cannot say what his destiny is, he does warn the Digidestined the threat behind Arukenimon and Mummymon still exists. 
On Christmas Day, the original Digidestined are surprised when their partner Digimon come to stay with them in the real world for the holiday. However at a rock concert where Yamato "Matt" Ishida is playing with his band, a Control Spire and a large number of Digimon appear. The Digimon are quickly defeated, but the next day Control Spires appear across the world. Gennai then reappears, with a Digi-core from Azulongmon. This is used by Paildramon, the DNA digivolution of Wormmon and Veemon, to Mega-digivolve to Imperialdramon. It also gives the partners of the older children the ability to digivolve to the ultimate level. The Digidestined then set off around the world, wiping out the Control Spires and sending the Digimon who appear with them back to the Digital World. When they return home, a group of powerful Digimon calling themselves the Daemon Corps arrive to kidnap Ken. Arukenimon and Mummymon also appear, with their human boss and creator, Yukio Oikawa. They reveal that while the Digidestined were traveling around the world, back at home they kidnapped a number of lonely children. Despite interference from Daemon himself, after his forces are killed, Oikawa extracts from Ken data of the Dark Spore. This is the object responsible for Ken becoming the Digimon Emperor, and Oikawa copies it from him to imprint into the kidnapped children, who wish to become the evil genius Ken once was. The spores develop into flowers that harvest the infected children's energy. Blackwargreymon reappears, first to find the answers about his existence, and then to destroy Oikawa, who he deems a foreign object, belonging in neither the Real or Digital Worlds. Agumon, using the power of Azulongmon's Digi-core, digivolves to Wargreymon to stop Blackwargreymon, and it is only with the help of Imperialdramon Fighter Mode, that he manages to persuade Blackwargreymon to give up his hunt for battle. When the Digidestined confront Oikawa, they learn he was Cody's father's best friend. Blackwargreymon and Cody's Grandfather try to talk Oikawa out of his hunt for power and his depression, but an unseen influence causes Oikawa to try and kill his best friend's father. Blackwargreymon steps in front of the attack and is fatally injured. Oikawa then reveals his actions were so he can enter the DigiWorld. Blackwargreymon uses his body to seal the gate to the Digital World in Highton View Terrace. 
When Oikawa attempts to make his way into the Digital World through the gate, he ends up in the Land of Dreams, with the children, Arukenimon and Mummymon. The Digidestined also follow him and learn that Oikawa was only a pawn/vessel for the true mastermind, Myotismon from the first series. Myotismon then uses the power of the harvested Dark spores to become MaloMyotismon. Eventually, after a long battle with aid from the DigiDestined from all over the world, the Japanese DigiDestined destroy MaloMyotismon. Though weakened from the evil Digimon's possession, a dying Oikawa sacrifices his physical existence to return the Digital World to its peaceful state and serve as its guardian. In the series aftermath, twenty-five years later, the humans and Digimon live side by side as the Japanese DigiDestined gather together with their families.
Characters.
Old DigiDestined.
As "Digimon Adventure 02" is a continuation of "Digimon Adventure", it includes characters from that series as well. Though burdened by their new-found responsibilities, the previous DigiDestined team provides a helping hand once in a while.
Family of the DigiDestined.
These characters were introduced in this series:
Note: With the exception of Cody's family, and T.K. and Kari's parents, no parents of the Digimon Adventure 02 DigiDestined were named.
Media.
Anime.
"Digimon Adventure 02" aired 50 episodes on Fuji TV in Japan between April 2, 2000, and March 25, 2001. Saban Entertainment produced an English-language version which aired on Fox Kids in the USA and YTV in Canada between August 19, 2000, and May 19, 2001. The Japanese version was streamed with English subtitles on Crunchyroll in 2008, followed by Funimation Entertainment in April 2009. 
A DVD boxset of the English dub was released in North America by New Video Group on March 26, 2013. "Digimon Adventure 02" and its predecessor, "Digimon Adventure", were added to the Netflix Instant Streaming service on August 3, 2013 in separate English dubbed and Japanese subtitled versions. The initial subtitles used were incomplete and contained many translation errors, as well as incorrect timing, and Toei has responded by gradually replacing the older subtitles with newer, more accurate tracks beginning the day of the initial series upload.
Films.
Digimon Hurricane Jōriku!! / Chōzetsu Shinka!! Ōgon no Digimental.
The story focuses on American DigiDestined Willis, whose involvement with an enigmatic threat has started to influence the rest of the DigiDestined as well. As a child, Willis was given two twin Digimon, a Gummymon and a Kokomon. One day, Kokomon mysteriously disappeared without a trace, returning later as the ruthless Wendigomon after being corrupted by a rogue viral program. Hoping to find Willis, Wendigomon begins to kidnap the other DigiDestined and de-age them. During this time, T.K. and Kari investigate Willis' whereabouts shortly after Mimi's disappearance and enlists the help of Davis and the other younger DigiDestined to help. On the way, Davis and the others run into Willis, who is traveling to his summer home in Colorado, where he believes Wendigomon wants him to go, as it was the place where Kokomon disappeared.
Willis at first refuses the help of the DigiDestined and even his own partner, Terriermon, fearing they will get hurt. However, Davis and Terriermon convince him that he is not alone in this battle. When Willis meets with Wendigomon at Summer Memory the next morning, he realized Wendigomon is no longer the Digimon he knows, and prepares to fight him. In response, Wendigomon digivolves to Antylamon, and then Cherubimon, de-aging Willis and the younger DigiDestined as well. Willis figures out that his Digimon's urge for things to go back to the way there were literally meant to make Willis a kid again. In this battle, Kari and T.K. gave Willis and Davis the Golden Digi-Eggs, transforming Veemon into Magnamon and Terriermon into an Armor evolved Rapidmon. After the battle was over, Cherubimon was defeated and the older Chosen Children reappeared at the points were they had disappeared from. In the end, Willis discovered that his Digimon is still alive after the fight, ready to be reborn from a Digi-Egg.
The English dub version of this, claims that Willis created Diaboromon, in an attempt to connect it to the storyline from the previous two movies. After the defeat of Diaboromon, the virus tracked down Willis, taking and corrupting Kokomon in the process. The same dub also removed the plot of Wendigomon abducting the older DigiDestined and de-aging them, as to shorten the film. All the scenes that were shown of the older Chosen Children at the beginning of the dubbed film were actually what they were doing when they disappeared. As they are not kidnapped in the North American version, the film instead explains what happened to them after their adventures in the Digital World.
Digimon: The Movie.
"", released in the U.S. and Canada by Fox Kids on October 6, 2000, consists of the union of the first three Japanese movies (first two parts from "Digimon Adventure", the third part from "Digimon Adventure 02"). Those stories are based in the universe introduced in the first two series of the TV series.
Diaboromon Strikes Back.
"Digimon Adventure 02: Revenge of Diaboromon" originally released in Japan as is the fourth Digimon film. It was released in Japan on March 3, 2001. It was released in the United States on August 5, 2005, but the first movie to have the theme song from "Digimon Frontier", and released in November 2013, for the BBC Children in Need 2013 in the United Kingdom.
Also known as "Revenge of Diaboromon". In this movie, that takes place three months after MaloMyotismon's defeat, the DigiDestined go up against Diaboromon again. Tai and Matt head back to the Internet to deal with him with Omnimon, while the younger Chosen Children go to deal with the rampage of a swarm of Kuramon (Diaboromon's Fresh form). With the help of Angemon and Angewomon (with T.K. and Kari), Omnimon was able to destroy Diaboromon again, but it turned out to be a trap, as his destruction allowed many more Kuramon to go to the Real World. Things go out of control when the Kuramon in the Real
World merge to create a Mega level called Armageddemon, an alternate Mega in Diaboromon's evolutionary line. It is so powerful that neither Omnimon nor Imperialdramon were able to defeat it on their own. In the end, Omnimon gives his energy to Imperialdramon Fighter Mode, powering him up to Paladin Mode. Using his Omni Sword attack, Imperialdramon is able to strike down Armageddemon, splitting him back up into the Kuramon. With the help of the energy from the DigiDestined Digivices and the cell phones from the other kids of Japan, the Omni Sword is powered up, allowing all of the Kuramon to be destroyed for good.
Along with "One Piece: Clockwork Island Adventure", the fourth Digimon film was shown as a double feature, which was called the "Tōei Spring Anime Fair 2001". In total, they earned 3,000,000,000 Japanese yen.
The English dub was only released as a 'TV movie' and was never released for DVD purchase, but usually Lionsgate UK and BBC, in association with TF1 and France 2 released on TV in the United Kingdom.
CD Dramas.
Michi e no Armor Shinka.
Takes place on Valentine's Day, 2003. The audio drama starts with Davis trying to change his image so girls will like him by imitating various Digidestined. Kari, Mimi, and Sora are kidnapped by Boltmon who just wants a heart. Pukumon had taken advantage of this in order to destroy the DigiDestined. Ken's Pucchiemon reasons with Boltmon, and the kids subsequently fight the mastermind, Pukumon. Joe knocks into them, and they drop and mix up their D-Terminals. This causes them to use the wrong Digieggs and Digivolve into new Armor Digimon, who beat Pukumon. Overall, the story serves not only to provide light humor, but marks the first time that the Digidestined are able to use their Digi-Eggs interchangeably, and transform their Digimon into new Armored Digivolutions using each other's eggs.
The title of the audio drama means "The Road to Armor Evolution".
Ishida Yamato Tegami ~Letter~.
All begins when Matt receives a tape from a girl. She will undergo a high risk operation on her eyes, and she's afraid because she could become blind if the operation is not successful. Matt, who doesn't know what to do to cheer her up, receives help and advice from Gabumon, Sakurada (one of the helpers of his father) and an old man who knows the borders' sea.
Then Matt writes the song "Tobira~door", to give her courage and support, and tells, that he'll be there for her, no matter what happens.
In the end, he receives another tape from her, thanking him for the support and telling, that the operation went well, and that she will soon remove the bandages, so she can one day see the sea, where he wrote the song, with him.
Natsu e no Tobira.
Taking place in the summer of 2003, Davis and DemiVeemon meet up with Mimi, Willis, and Gummymon in New York City. However, without warning, the entire city falls under a strange winter and becomes deserted. The kids hear a voice and see fireflies before meeting a nameless girl, whom Davis names "Nat-chan" from the Japanese word for "summer". Nat-chan displays feelings for Davis, but the group does not know that she is really a giant clawed Digimon, who makes her transformation by using the "fireflies", which are revealed to be data chips, which have corrupted her data. Davis realises Nat-chan was lonely and just wanted a Chosen Children partner. Unfortunately, Nat-chan dies and comes back as a Digitama, but luckily, Davis and the others take it upon themselves to help find Nat-chan's true Partner.
Willis and Mimi indicate that the sudden winter was created from Davis' heart, which was unhappy after losing the district football (soccer) competition and his unrequited love for Kari.
The name of this audio drama means "The Door to Summer", meaning the portal back to their own world, and recalled by Mimi from what appears to be the book "The Door into Summer" during the drama.
Digimon Adventure 02 Original Story 2003nen -Haru-.
This audio drama takes place sometime after the events in Digimon Adventure 02, but before the 25 years later epilogue. The audio drama fills in several plot holes pertaining to the series, and also explores some of the changes that the DigiDestined and their Partners went through that helped lead to the epilogue.
In Davis' track, "Goggles", Davis reflects on the goggles given to him to by Tai, what they symbolize, and what makes a good leader.
In TK's track, "As I Type on the Keyboard", TK has started to write about his adventures in the Digital World and expresses his feelings on some of them, as well as being a DigiDestined in general. It is later stated that memorandum TK had begun writing was delayed in publishing until he was able to write it objectively.
In Cody's track, "A Visit to the Grave", Cody takes Armadillomon to visit his father's grave. They talk about the sacrifices that Oikawa and the others have made. Cody makes a promise to start trying to understand why evil tries to take over certain people, and to try to prevent it in the future.
In Yolei's track, "I've Become a Middle-Schooler", Yolei talks about her life in transition to becoming a middle-schooler, her attempts to form a musical band, her growing feelings for Ken, and her new obsession with black tea.
In Ken's track, "Spring Sunlight", Ken reminisces about his brother, the mistakes of his past, and how happy and thankful he is now.
In Kari's track, "Hikari's Introductory Course to Partners", Kari has begun a video recording for a class teaching new DigiDestined how to behave and act as good Partners to their Digimon. She also talks about some of her experiences with Gatomon and the Digital World. Near the end of the track, we find out that Davis's sister Jun, both of Yolei's older sisters, as well as Joe's older brother, have all recently become DigiDestined and require assistance in the Digital World. Kari and the others then set out to help the new ones on their adventures. It is later stated that Kari's video later turned out to be "surprisingly useful."
Production staff.
Insert songs.
One of the songs used by Fox to promote the network's 2000 Fox Kids lineup was reused as an insert song in the English dub of "02"; it is heard when the children travel from the real world to the digital world.

</doc>
<doc id="2881271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881271" title="Dániel Berzsenyi">
Dániel Berzsenyi

Dániel Berzsenyi (, 7 May 1776 in Hetye (now Egyházashetye) – 24 February 1836 in Nikla) was a Hungarian poet.
Berzsenyi was one of the most contradictory poets of Hungarian literature. He lived the life of a farmer, and wished to be close to the events of Hungarian literature. This contradiction, which he believed he could solve, made him a lonesome, introverted and bitter poet. His works show signs of classicism, sentimentalism and romanticism.
Biography.
Berzsenyi was born the only child of an old noble family. Although his father had a degree in law, he worked on his farm and didn't practise as a lawyer. The father believed that his weak and sickly son must first get physically strong working on the farm. In his opinion, teaching children is only acceptable after the age of ten.
In the autumn of 1788, the 12-year-old Berzsenyi began his studies at the evangelical lyceum in Sopron. He spent seven years there, with shorter and longer interruption. Due to his over-age, he had a hard time conforming himself to the discipline of the school and came up often against the customs; he often missed his lessons. In 1793, he left Sopron without finishing his studies and enlisted into the army, but he stayed there only for less than a year.
Although he never finished his studies, the years spent in Sopron left a deep impression in him. He read a many books, acquired outstanding knowledge of the main subjects of that age, of the Latin and German language. His works point to the fact, that he knew the Roman mythology well, and that his ideal was the Roman Horace.
His father found Berzsenyi's behavior in Sopron unacceptable, and the relationship of son and father got worse and worse. Due to his frequent conflicts with his father, he didn't return home from Sopron, but travelled to Nikla, to his uncle. He returned to his father for a few years, but the situation became even worse with the death of his mother in the autumn of 1794, who was a lightning rod of some kind between the two men.
Poetic era.
As an "escape" from his father, he married the 14-year-old Zsuzsanna Dukai Takács, the daughter of a wealthy noble and settled with her on her farm near Sömjén. Berzsenyi became a self-supporting and outstanding farmer. In 1804, they moved to Nikla, Somogy county. On the outside, he seemed to be satisfied, but his works prove this wrong. On one hand, he was truly satisfied with his achievements as a farmer. On the other hand, he suffered from the lack of people he could converse with about literature or sciences.
Berzsenyi wrote poems from age twenty (1796), but hid them from his friends and family. In 1803, János Kis, an evangelic cleric and the godfather of one of his children, caught him while he was writing. Kis discovered the poet in Berzsenyi, and sent three of his works to Ferenc Kazinczy, who was rather enthusiastic about them. (A magyarokhoz - "To the Hungarians"; Nagy Lajos és Hunyadi Mátyás - "Louis the Great and Mathias of Hunyad"; A reggel - "The dawn")
In 1808, he sent János Kis a whole book of verse with 77 poems. Unfortunately, he didn't date the poems, making it impossible to tell the exact time he wrote them. Kis sent them on to Ferenc Kazinczy to support their printed publishment. Kazinczy read them and sent Berzsenyi his first, enthusiastic mail. Naturally Berzsenyi sent his reply, and their long mailing began.
He left Nikla very rarely, he didn't like going away from home. He only visited Pest only twice: in March 1810, and at the end of May 1813. The first time he met Kazinczy's poet friends, waking dispositions for each other. (Pál Szemere, Ferenc Kölcsey, Michaly Vitkovics and István Horvát) In 1812, he spent a week in Vienna. Here, he had a picture painted of himself in preparation for the front cover of his book.
Scientific era.
After 1810, he had a rather unproductive era, possibly due to the matters of farming and quarrels with his family. His loneliness, his mood, prone to melancholy, and versatile health made him very vulnerable. From 1816 on, he had problems with his health almost every year. He read Kölcsey's strict, sometimes unfair recension in this unlucky state of body and mind. The recension was published in the issue of Tudományos Gyűjtemény ("Scientific Collection") in July, 1817. Berzsenyi felt the criticism degrading, undeserved and unfounded. He believed that it was a personal attack and that it was Ferenc Kazinczy behind the recension. Their mailing was suspended for three years.
After Kölcsey's recension Berzsenyi wrote only a few more poems. His greatest wish was to give Kölcsey an appropriate answer. In his first indignation he wrote his anti-recension without any scientific preparation, as - until this time - he didn't study aesthetics. Although he sent it to the editors of Tudományos Gyűjtemény ("Scientific Collection"), but it was never published. He never got the manuscript back, despite his pressing requests.
In the next years, the place of poetic creation was taken by scientific works and the study of aesthetics and literature: he tired to make up for the gaps in his knowledge. The "appropriate" answer was published in 1825 with the title "Észrevételek Kölcsey recenziójára" ("Observations about Kölcsey's recension") in the September issue of the Tudományos Gyűjtemény ("Scientific Collection") - he spent eight years making it. He refused Kölcsey's pretensions based on the aesthetics of classicism in the name of romanticism: he is a poet who cannot be judged by the rules of hellenism. (By 1825 Kölcsey changed his previous poetic-aesthetic views)
Berzsenyi spent most of his time on sciences, the numerous essays show this. He published "A versformákról" ("About versifications"). Between 1829 and 1834, he wrote "Kriticai levelek" ("Critical letters") as well. In 1830 he became the first provincial member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. His inaugural was published in 1833 with the title "Poetai harmonistica" ("Poetical harmony"). In this essay he favored the aesthetic thesis of classicism over those of romanticism: the main regularity in the world is the harmony. In 1833, he also wrote "A magyarországi mezei szorgalom némely akadályairul" (in modern English: "About some obstacles of farming in Hungary").
In the last years of his life, he ailed almost all the time: he cured himself in Balatonfüred and the medicinal baths of Buda. He often attended the conferences of the Tudós társaság (roughly: "Scientific group") and planned to move to the capital), but couldn't finish this plan.
He died on 24 February 1836 in Nikla. Kölcsey's expiatory memorial heroic was read by Michael Helmeczy on the Academy.
Work.
Horatius' poetry and his philosophy - abstention from extreme emotions, the golden middle course - seemed to determine his life and poetry. Most of the criticals of his age described him as Horatius-copyist. He often used ancient verse forms and applied them successfully to the Hungarian language.
Berzsenyi got classicist inspiration from Horace and the Hungarian Benedek Virág, but he couldn't possibly be successful in forcing the views of ancient poets on himself. Behind the antique verse forms it isn't the classical balance and harmony we can find: it is the longing for these qualities. His closing to romanticism from classicism can be addressed to the works of German poets and writers like Gessner and Matthisson.
Two styles were present in his poetry at the same time - just as the land-owner and the poet in his life, but slowly his ideals were worn out by reality. Disappointment, disillusioned distress take the place of his dreams. In his poem "Barátaimhoz" ("To my friends") he says his earlier feelings, dreams to be pointless and remembers his poetic work in past time.

</doc>
<doc id="2881278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881278" title="Hideyoshi Obata">
Hideyoshi Obata

Biography.
Obata was a native of Osaka prefecture. He graduated from the 23rd class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in December 1911, and was commissioned as a lieutenant in the cavalry. In 1919, he graduated from the 31st class of the Army War College and was promoted to the rank of captain in the cavalry.
Attracted to right-wing nationalist politics in his youth, he was a member of the radical Imperial Way Faction, under the leadership of Sadao Araki, against the more moderate "Toseiha" of Kazushige Ugaki.
From 1923-1927, Obata was assigned as a military attaché to the United Kingdom and from 1927-1934 as military attaché to British India. In August 1934, he was promoted to colonel in the cavalry and recalled to Japan for staff postings within the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff.
Obata was promoted to major general in March 1938, and was reassigned from cavalry to army aviation. He was appointed Commandant of the Akeno Army Air School in August 1938. In December 1940, he was promoted to lieutenant general and commander of the IJA 5th Air Group in Taiwan at the start of the Pacific War. His command was subsequently assigned to the Burma front in 1942. In May 1943, he became commander in chief of the IJA 3rd Air Army but was recalled to Tokyo in December.
On 18 February 1944, Obata was assigned command of the Thirty-First Army (Japan), with the IJA 29th Division and IJA 53rd Division in charge of the defense of the Mariana Islands and the from the approaching Allied forces. He was away from his headquarters on Saipan at the time of the American invasion and established his new command post on Guam. However, at the Battle of Guam he was soon overwhelmed by superior American numbers and firepower, and after giving the order that his forces should fight to the death, he committed "seppuku" on 11 August 1944. Obata was promoted posthumously to the rank of general.

</doc>
<doc id="2881288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881288" title="C2H4O2">
C2H4O2

C2H4O2 may refer to:
Compounds sharing the molecular formula:

</doc>
<doc id="2881304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881304" title="Dwight Washington">
Dwight Washington

Dwight Marlon Washington (born March 5, 1983 in Montego Bay) is a West Indian cricketer.
Washington made his first-class debut as a fast bowler for West Indies B in the Carib Beer Cup in 2003-04, taking 20 wickets at 22.00 and earning a place in a strong Carib Beer XI against the England XI at the end of the season. Against Guyana, batting in his usual position of number 11, he scored 58 off 58 balls, including six sixes.
He played for Jamaica in the 2004-05 season, taking 19 wickets at 16.84 and helping Jamaica win the title. He took 4 for 18 and 5 for 20 in the match against Windward Islands at Nain. He was selected to play in the Fourth Test against South Africa later that season, but took no wicket for 93 on a batsmen's pitch that produced 1462 runs (including a Test record eight centuries) and only 17 wickets.
He toured Sri Lanka with West Indies A in June and July 2005, then played three matches for Jamaica in the KFC Cup later that year, then dropped out of top-level cricket at the age of 22.

</doc>
<doc id="2881306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881306" title="Atenteben">
Atenteben

The "atenteben ()" is a bamboo flute from Ghana. It is played vertically, like the European recorder, and, like the recorder, can be played diatonically as well as chromatically. Although originally used as a traditional instrument (most often in funeral processions), beginning in the 20th century it has also been used in contemporary and classical music. Several players have attained high levels of virtuosity and are able to play Western as well as African music on the instrument.
The instrument originated with the Akan ethnic group of south-central Ghana, particularly in the region of the Kwahu Plateau. It was first popularized throughout the nation by the Ghanaian musicologist Dr. Ephraim Amu (1899–1995). It was also featured in the Pan African Orchestra, led by Nana Danso Abiam, and Dela Botri, a former member of the Orchestra, is among Ghana's foremost exponents of the instrument. Since 2004, Botri has combined the atenteben with hip life music on his recordings.
The instrument is used in many schools and universities across Ghana, both as a solo and ensemble instrument. An instruction manual for the "atenteben" has been written by Dr. Kwasi Aduonum (b. 1939), a Ghanaian educator, scholar, and composer from the Kwahu Plateau region.
The Nigerian composer Akin Euba featured a children's "atenteben" ensemble in his opera "Chaka: An Opera in Two Chants" (1970).
The atenteben flute is one of the most versatile musical instruments found in Ghana. The modern atenteben flute, built in B flat and C, was developed by the musicologist, composer and flautist Dr. Ephraim Amu (1899-1995), whose pioneering work established a notated musical tradition for the instrument and included the instrument into the curriculum of major educational institutions in Ghana, notably, the Achimota Secondary School and University of Ghana.
The B flat atenteben is a transposing instrument, i.e. its music is written a tone higher than the actual sounds, but written music for the C atenteben (also referred to as atenteben-ba) directly agrees with the sounds on piano.
It is an end-blown instrument with six top holes and one bottom hole. Its embouchure at the mouth of the pipe consists of a piece of wood (fipple) made to fit tightly into the pipe with a narrow slit through which sound is produced by blowing.
The instrument originates from Tweneduruase in the Kwahu Plateau of south-central Ghana. Kwahus are part of the Akan tribes of Ghana, sharing a boundary with the Akyem in the south and east and with the Asante in the north and west.
Atenteben comprises two Akan names, i.e., "atente" and "ben". "Atente" is a plural word derived from "otente", the name of an Akan traditional hand drum with two heads covering both ends - thus, "one otente drum" but "two atente drums", and "ben" means flute or an instrument of the aerophones family. The atente drums were the principal instruments that accompanied this flute, hence the name atenteben (or the flute accompanied by the atente drums).
The early 20th-century atenteben flute (now obsolete) is five-holed and horizontally-blown with four top holes and one bottom hole. Traditionally, its music was pentatonic or hexatonic and associated with funerals more than with recreational activities. The instrument was popular through the first half of the 20th century but declined in the late 1950s in favour of the modern atenteben.
Repertoire for the modern atenteben was usually written in C Diatonic or C Mixolydian. This limitation was due to the absence of a playing technique that could produce the accidental sounds of the flute. Amu wrote extensively for the atenteben choir comprising as large as 16 to 32 players, sometimes in combination with a choir and non-melodic percussion instruments. Professor Emeritus J. H. K. Nketia, Dr K. Aduonum, Professor Akin Euba are among those who wrote for atenteben and other African and/or Western instruments.
In 1979, the neo-traditional art music composer and founder of the Pan African Orchestra of Ghana, Nana Danso Abiam (b. 1953) introduced chromaticism and atonality in atenteben music with a new fingering mechanism that he had developed at the Institute of African Studies, University of Ghana, Legon. This playing mechanism employed for the first time, cross-fingerings and halving-fingerings among other over-blowing techniques that produced the entire range of chromatic and harmonic sounds of the flute.
Today, atenteben music attracts a large following. Composers of diverse backgrounds have come to recognize the ease with which the instrument can be adapted to different genres of music.
Its tuning, though, is yet to be perfected. Because different sizes of bamboo offshoot are utilized in its construction, microtonal disparities sometimes do occur in the main octaves making ensemble playing difficult. It also requires a fine tuning devise to enable it to accommodate other instruments whose overall tuning may be slightly sharp or flat.

</doc>
<doc id="2881314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881314" title="WCMC">
WCMC

WCMC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2881320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881320" title="Abra Prentice Wilkin">
Abra Prentice Wilkin

Abra Prentice Anderson Wilkin (born 1942) is an American philanthropist. She is the daughter of John Rockefeller Prentice (1902–1972) and his wife, Abbie Cantrill Prentice. Wilkin is a great-granddaughter of Standard Oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller (1839–1937). 
Biography.
Abra attended both The Latin School of Chicago and The Ethel Walker School in Simsbury, Connecticut. She has become one of Chicago's most treasured philanthropists. Some of Wilkin's contributions to the city of Chicago include the Prentice Pavilion (the largest birthing center in the Midwest region and among the top 25 birth centers in the United States) and the new Prentice Hospital. Wilkin is currently a trustee of The Taft School in Watertown, Connecticut, The Ethel Walker School, and a senior trustee of The Latin School of Chicago. 
She is married to James Wilkin and has three children from a previous marriage: Ashley, Abra, and Anthony Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="2881331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881331" title="Urretxu">
Urretxu

Urretxu (Spanish, "Villareal de Urrechu") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881332" title="Tetsuzan Nagata">
Tetsuzan Nagata

Biography.
Nagata was born in Suwa city in Nagano Prefecture. He graduated from the Imperial Japanese Army Academy at the top of the list in October 1904, and from the Army Staff College in November 1911. He served as military attaché to several Japanese embassies in Europe, including Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland, and Germany both before and during World War I. 
On Nagata's return to Japan in February 1923, he was assigned to the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff, where he served as administrator of various departments. Promoted to colonel in March 1927, he received command of the IJA 3rd Infantry Regiment, and was promoted to major general in 1932, and became the commander of the IJA 1st Infantry Brigade in 1933.
Nagata was considered a leading member of the moderate "Tōseiha" political faction within the military, and was also regarded as an expert on Germany. 
Nagata was responsible for planning Japan's national mobilization strategy as Chief of Mobilization Section, Economic Mobilization Bureau, Ministry of War, to put both the military and the civilian economy on a total war footing in times of national emergency. His ideas earned him the violent animosity of the radical " Kōdōha " faction within the army who charged him with collusion with the "zaibatsu".
Nagata was murdered in August 1935 (the Aizawa Incident), by Lieutenant Colonel Saburo Aizawa with a sword, for supposedly putting the Army "in the paws of high finance". Nagata was posthumously promoted to lieutenant general, and his assassin was shot by firing squad.

</doc>
<doc id="2881333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881333" title="Mihály Babits">
Mihály Babits

Mihály Babits (; November 26, 1883 – August 4, 1941) was a Hungarian poet, writer and translator.
Biography.
Babits was born in Szekszárd. He studied at the University of Budapest from 1901 to 1905, where he met Dezső Kosztolányi and Gyula Juhász. He worked to become a teacher and taught at schools in Baja (1905 – 1906), Szeged (1906–1908), Fogaras (1908 – 1911), Újpest (1911), and Budapest (1912 – 1918).
His reputation for his poems in the literary life started in 1908.
He made a trip to Italy in the same year, which made him interested in Dante; he made several other trips in later years. This experience led him to translate Dante's "Divine Comedy" ("Hell", 1913, "Purgatory", 1920, and "Paradise", 1923).
Briefly after the Hungarian Revolution of 1919 he became a Professor of Foreign Literature and modern Hungarian literature at Eötvös Loránd University, but was soon removed for his pacifism after the revolutionary government fell.
In 1911, he became a staff writer on the magazine "Nyugat".
Babits' 1918 novel "The Nightmare" (also known as "King's Stork") is a science fiction novel about a split personality influenced by Freudian psychology. "Elza Pilota, vagy a tokeletes tarsadalom" ("The Pilot Elza, or
the Perfect Society") is set in a utopian future.
In 1921 married , who later published poetry under the name "Sophie Török". Two years later he moved to Esztergom. In 1927 he became a member of the "Kisfaludy Társaság" (Kisfaludy Society) and in the same year he was made a trustee of the Baumgarten Prize.
He became the editor-in-chief of "Nyugat" in 1929 (sharing the role until 1933 with Zsigmond Móricz), a position he held until his death.
In 1937, he was diagnosed as having laryngeal cancer. He died in Budapest in 1941.
Work.
Babits is best known for his lyric poetry, influenced by classical and English forms. He also wrote essays and translated much from English, French, German, Greek, Italian, and Latin.
There is a Museum in Szekszard showcasing Mihaly Babits' work and life. His brother Istvan Babits occupied the house most of the time, 
with his two sons: Istvan and Tibor.

</doc>
<doc id="2881334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881334" title="Serpent's Embrace">
Serpent's Embrace

"Serpent's Embrace" is the fourth studio album by the German symphonic black metal band "Agathodaimon". It was released 24 August, 2004 through "Nuclear Blast" records. In 2009 "Metal Mind Productions" reissued the album as a remastered digipak edition. The reissue is limited to numerated 2000 copies and was digitally remastered using 24-Bit process on golden disc.
The album had a more progressive style compared to previous albums. "Allmusic" described the album as one that "does not play by pre-established black metal rules" and a "genre-busting" LP.

</doc>
<doc id="2881336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881336" title="Usurbil">
Usurbil

Usurbil is a town and region located in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, in the North of Spain. 
It lies in an area well known for its sagardotegiak (cider houses) and the area adjacent to the river for its eels.
Geography.
Neighbouring areas.
To the north Usurbil borders Donostia's Igeldo and Añorga boroughs, to the east Lasarte-Oria and "Zubieta" in the southeast. In the south it borders Zizurkil and to the west Aia and Orio. Donostia, the capital of the region is about 11 km away, Lasarte-Oria 2 km and Orio 10 km.
History.
The oldest traces of human presence of the area are on the mountain called "Andatza" which has numerous neolithic tumuli and menhirs. 
It is commonly believed that what is currently Usurbil formerly formed part of the administrative region of Hernani which extended into the area between the river Urumea and Oria.
The oldest inhabited area appears to have been on the left bank of the Urumea, broadly corresponding to the modern Urdaiaga. In a document dating back to the 13th century there is mention of a "Monasterio de San Esteban" which has by now disappeared but forms the foundation of the present day hermitage of San Esteban. Next to the monastery the tower-house of Urdaiaga was constructed in the 14th century which gave the area its name.
During the 12th century an important tract of land in Usurbil was donated to a monastery of Orreaga in Navarre. They remained with the monastery until they were confiscated by Mendizabal in 1836. Following their confiscation the area of Mount Irisasi and Andatza were forested and form one of the best preserved areas of forest in Gipuzkoa even today.
In 1180 King Sancho VI of Navarre added Usurbil and most of Zubieta into the boroughs of Donostia. At that time the population was living in small scattered settlements which formed the nuclei of modern day Urdaiaga and Aginaga and the parish church was built in its present location. The most powerful family were the Atxegas who owned a tower-house next to a strategic river crossing on the Oria.
This situation remained until 1371 when the Castilian King Henry II of Castile granted the right to the inhabitants of San Salvador to form a new settlement called "Belmonte de Usurbil", independent of Donostia. The new settlement was built on a hill some distance away from the Oria river and the parish church to avoid the influence of the Atxega family, leaving the church half way between the new settlement and the Atxega tower-house. The borders continued to shift, Oria originally forming part of Usurbil until 1379 when it became an independent town. The areas on the western bank of the Oria also were not part of the town originally.
Towards the end of the 14th century the borough of Zubieta was given the choice between remaining with Donostia or joining Usurbil. 14 households stayed with Donostia, the remaining 7 joined Usurbil.
The old layout of Belmonte de Usurbil was simple, essentially consisting of two parallel streets. It corresponds well with the modern borough of Kalezar.
In 1486 a fire broke out and destroyed Belmonte de Usurbil completely. As the power of the Atxega family had waned, Belmonte was also less importance and during the 16th century the other boroughs of Aginaga, Urdaiaga, Zubieta and Elizalde began to challenge the privileges held by Belmonte, such as the prohibition of setting up slaughterhouses outside the town walls. Especially Aginaga initiated numerous court cases.
As the old centre declined, new areas developed that would one day become the centre of the town. The borough of Elizalde - Basque for "side of the church" - started out as a small number of houses built against the church walls. As a result of the incessant legal challenges between Aginaga and Belmonte, the town council relocated to Elizalde in 1672 and by the end of the 17th century, Belmonte and Elizalde were already of a similar size.
The changing place names also bear witness to this power shift, with "Kaleberri" (new street) now contrasting with Belmonte's new name, "Kalezar" (old street).
In 1826 Usurbil formed a union with neighboring Orio and Zizurkil, the Union of Andatzabea, to pay for a common representative to the Gipuzkoako Batzar Nagusiak or Grand Council of Gipuzkoa.
Economy.
The traditional industries of Usurbil were ironware, anchor and ship building, making use of the surrounding abundance of woodland. At the shipyards of Mapil in Aginaga ships for the Spanish Navy were built.
Industrialisation arrived in Usurbil in 1934 when a Michelin tire factory was built between Usurbil and Hernani, giving work to many locals. Due to the distance Usurbil itself was not majorly affected but Lasarte, which was much closer, changed radically and grew into a town of some 20,000 inhabitants. Despite lower production, the factory continues to be a major employer in the area with some 1700 employees. It also happens to be one of the few factories producing Michelin motorcycle tires worldwide.
A sizeable number of SME's are located in the area too. Important ones are Ingemar, cutters and polishers of marble and granite, Victorio Luzuriaga Usurbil in Txikierdi, a smelter. Both employ some 300 staff each.
Administration.
In Usurbil the Basque nationalist parties commonly attract between 75-80% of the votes. These are almost equally divided between the moderate nationalists and the leftist nationalists. After the restoration of democracy in Spain, the first two mayors belonged to the EAJ-PNV. When EA split away from the EAJ-PNV in 1986, the next three mayorships fell to Herri Batasuna (four, counting EH the successor party from HB) under Jose Antonio Altuna for 16 years. When Herri Batasuna was made illegal, Altuna could not stand for re-election in 2003 and Luis Maria Ormaetxea of EA became mayor.
In the last elections for the Basque Government in 2005, the Basque nationalist coalition PNV-EA won, taking 39.3% of the vote, followed by the independentist EHAK with 33.3%, PSE-EE/PSOE with 11%; the independentist Aralar with 6% and Partido Popular with 5.8%.
Gastronomy.
There are two gastronomical products that have given fame to Usurbil: glass eels and cider. Glass eels used to be common in most Basque rivers and in the Oria used to come upstream as far as Aginaga, whose inhabitants became expert angula fishers. "Angulas de Aguinaga", made with oil and capsicum are famous throughout Spain. Glass eels have become rare as a result of pollution and have pushed up the price considerably.
Sagardoa (cider) is another important product and together with Astigarraga and Hernani, it is one of the main cider towns in Gipuzkoa. Cider production hit a low in the 1980s and of the three factories producing sparkling cider or "sidra achampañada" in the area, only one remains. From 1981 onwards, Usurbil pioneered the "Sagardo Eguna" (cider day), giving new impetus to the industry so successfully that other towns have take up the idea. Today cider production is on the increase again and so the area sill boasts many traditional and modern sagardotegiak.
Sport.
The main sport facility of the town is the "Polideportivo Oiardo" that was opened in 1990. This multi-purpose centre has capacities for 500 spectators, a covered swimming pool, squash courts, a gym and an outdoor football pitch. Most local sports clubs are based here, for example the "Usurbil Kirol Elkartea" (Usurbil Sports Club), the "Judo Club Usurbil" (Spanish) and karate clubs and "Andatza KKE".
There is also a football stadium, "Harane", owned by the city council. The "Usurbil Futbol Taldea" football team are based here. 
More sporting facilities exist at the "Ikastola Udarregi" school which has a multi-purpose fronton and a concrete track. The "Kontseju Zaharra" fronton is located in the centre of Usurbil, next to the church. It is a covered fronton with additional tracks for the Basque rural sports. Aginaga and San Esteban-Urdaiaga also have covered pelota pitches. Zubieta has a fronton built for the "joko-garbi" variant of pelota which is very rare today in Gipuzkoa.

</doc>
<doc id="2881338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881338" title="Villabona">
Villabona

Villabona is a village of over 5500 inhabitants in the "comarca" of Tolosaldea, Gipuzkoa province, Basque Country, Spain. It has an urban area, close to the Oria River, and a rural area, Amasa, around which the village originally formed. Villabona is located in the Oria Valley, in the foothills of Mount Gazume and Mount Uzturre. It is about from the provincial capital, San Sebastián. 
The village originally grew around the Amasa Quarter, in Villabona's highest area. In 1619, both settlements set up a joint town council.
The Parish Church of San Martín de Tours stands in Amasa. This church, built between the 16th and 18th centuries, has an interesting high altarpiece. Close by is the Hermitage of Santa Cruz, the first parish of the area.
There are a great number of agrotourism lodgings offering endless activities. The main tourist appeal is in its rural and mountain setting. There are two competitions of rebote, celebrated in July and September. Rebote is a style of the Basque sport pelota that is only played in Villabona and Zubieta. During the San Martín Festivities in November, Amasa celebrates the traditional Oilasko Jokua. Boys, with their eyes covered, move forward to the sound of a music that tries to mislead them. They have to find a chicken, hit it with a sickle, and cut its head off.
Between 2003 and 2007 the Mayor of the town was Bakartxo Tejeria who went on to be President of the Basque Parliament in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2881344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881344" title="Zaldibia">
Zaldibia

Zaldibia (Spanish, "Zaldivia") is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881345" title="Zarautz">
Zarautz

Zarautz is a coastal town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.
The town is a popular tourist destination with the population swelling from its usual 22,812 to around 60,000 in summer. The Palace of Narros, located adjacent to Zarautz's 2.8 km long beach, is where Queen Isabella II and Fabiola of Belgium once spent their summer holidays. The beach is known for being the longest in the Basque Country and one of longest of the Cantabrian cornice.
The Mayor of Zarautz since 2011 has been Juan Luis Ilarramendi (Bildu).
History.
At the end of the 19th Century and beginning of the 20th Century, the popularity of Zarautz as a luxury tourist destination grew, and many well-known people began to holiday there. A number of lavish houses and mansions sprang up, particularly along the beach. Nowadays, many of these buildings have become public buildings or have been demolished and replaced by chic apartment buildings.
During the 70s and 80s Zarautz became a more affordable destination, and is now perhaps best known for its surfing and water sports.
Infrastructure and Transport.
Road.
Zarautz is connected to the European road network and to the rest of Spain by the A8 motorway.
Gastronomy.
As it is tradition in the Basque Country, gastronomy is a very important part of Zarautz. Many restaurants can be found in Zarautz, offering traditional as well as modern fine cuisine. Zarautz is home town of one of the most famous cooks in Spain, Karlos Arguiñano, whose restaurant can be found right in front of the beach. He also created a prestigious cooking school called Aiala.
As in all cities around The Basque Country there are a lot of gastronomical societies in Zarautz. They are very traditional and called Txoko in Basque.
Public transport.
Zarautz has two railway stations, and trains (Euskotren) connect it with San Sebastian and Bilbao.
Zarautz has two bus lines operating within the town.
Museums.
There are two museums in Zarautz, the Photomuseum and the Art and History Museum of Zarautz [http://www.menosca.com. In "Dorre Luzea" there are frequent art exhibitions. The town also has many other picture galleries.
Churches.
There are three main churches in Zarautz and many other smaller churches. Santa Maria la Real is the main church, with a very interesting altar piece and a Romanesque structure. Santa Clara is also quite interesting, built in a baroque style. Finally, Franciscanos church, which has been virtually rebuilt, features a very interesting library.
Recreation.
Zarautz has first class sporting facilities, such as an old and elegant Golf Club. But Zarautz is renowned worldwide as a surfing destination. Over the last few years, it has become incredibly popular among surfers, and even a number of surfing schools have been established (Zarautz, Pukas).
Sport.
Zarautz is the birthplace of the Basque Weightlifting Federation as well as the Gipuzkoa Weightlifting Federation. Since 1968 weightlifting (ZKEhalterofilia) has been one of the sports that can be practiced at the local sports club (Zarautz Kirol Elkartea). Since then, every summer an international weightlifting event has taken place in the town. At first, very famous athletes took part in that competition such as Serge Reding and Alain Terme to name a few. In recent times, the event has become a club competition in which the French champion Girondins de Bordeaux has won most of the top prizes.
The town is also famous as one of Spain's most popular surfing spots. Its 2.5 km beach offers highly consistent surfing with many different peaks for all standards of surfers. The town is a great place to learn how to surf and has been home to many of Spain's Champion surfers. Zarautz is one of the places where the world championships in surfing takes place.

</doc>
<doc id="2881349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881349" title="National University of Callao">
National University of Callao

The National University of Callao is a post-secondary institution in the Bellavista District of the Constitutional Province of Callao in the country of Peru. It was established on 2 September 1966
This scholarly institute retains its original technical character, unique to Peru. The University has maintained its technical character, and has grown to eleven departments, fifteen professional schools, and a postgraduate school.
Departments.
The university had in 1967 the following departments:
Now, in 2010, the UNAC has 11 Faculties and 16 careers:

</doc>
<doc id="2881350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881350" title="Sydney Heads">
Sydney Heads

The Sydney Heads (also simply known as the Heads) form the two-kilometer-wide entrance to Sydney Harbour in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. North Head and Quarantine Head are to the north; South Head and Dunbar Head are to the south; and, Middle Head, Georges Head, and Chowder Head are to the west and within the bay.
The Hornby Lighthouse is located on South Head and is Australia's third-oldest lighthouse. Macquarie Lighthouse, Australia's first lighthouse, is three kilometres to the south on Dunbar Head. 
North Head.
North Head is a headland south-east of the suburb of Manly. It is part of Sydney Harbour National Park. The headland is a promontory of sandstone and is 3.85 square kilometres in area. 
Sydney Quarantine station.
The Sydney Quarantine station is located on North Head and is one of the few still-existing facilities that once operated in each state of Australia until the 1980s. From 1828, Spring Cove, on the western side of North Head, was used to quarantine new arrivals to Sydney to minimise the spread of communicable diseases such as smallpox and whooping cough. In 1832, the whole area of North Head was set aside for a quarantine station. A permanent quarantine facility was set up in 1837 and continued to operate until 1984.
In 1975, Vietnamese refugees were housed there; and, in 1975 and 1976, Cyclone Tracy victims from Darwin, Northern Territory were also house there. The Station was finally closed in 1984 and the management of the site passed to the New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife Service.
Defence facilities.
From 1934, defence facilities were installed on the headland but were wound down in 1945. From 1953, there was a School of Artillery and it used the former defence facilities. The harbour reserve was established in 1979. The School of Artillery relocated to Puckapunyal army base in Victoria in 1998, but an artillery museum remains on the headland. In 2001, the site was passed to the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust for management. In 2010 the artillery collection was moved to the Army Museum Bandiana in Victoria; the Trust plans to establish an exhibition on the defence of Sydney on the site. There are still remains of the gun emplacements and artificial tunnels used by the army, many of which can be seen either by the public or on guided tours.
Australian Institute of Police Management.
Also located on North Head is the Australian Institute of Police Management, housed in a secure compound which formerly was the 'Seamen's Quarters' of the Quarantine Station; a place where sailors with acquired STIs were treated and securely confined behind high sandstone walls (prior to the development of modern antibiotics).
South Head.
South Head is a headland, part of Sydney Harbour National Park, to the north of the suburb of Watsons Bay.
A twenty-minute foreshore walk on the South Head Heritage Trail offers dramatic views of Middle Head, Manly, North Head and the Pacific Ocean. Starting at the delightful Camp Cove Beach, an 1870s cobblestone path leads first to Lady Bay (also known as Lady Jane) Beach, one of three in Sydney where nude bathing is lawful. It then loops around the headland, passing Hornby Lighthouse, its lightkeepers' cottages, and several gun emplacements from the end of the 19th century.
HMAS Watson, the Royal Australian Navy training base, is also located at South Head.
Middle Head.
Middle Head is a headland between North Head and South Head, beside Middle Harbour. It is part of Sydney Harbour National Park. 
Middle Head is home to an extensive network of defence fortifications and tunnels, including the Middle Head Fortifications, the Georges Head Battery and the Lower Georges Heights Commanding Position and other . The fortifications feature 'Tiger Cages' where the military trained soldiers by simulating prisoner of war conditions in Vietnam.
HMAS Penguin is located at Middle Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="2881353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881353" title="Misleading or deceptive conduct">
Misleading or deceptive conduct

Misleading or deceptive conduct (often referred to as just misleading conduct) is a doctrine of Australian law. 
Section 18 of the Australian Consumer Law (ACL), which is found in schedule 2 of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (formerly the Trade Practices Act 1974) prohibits conduct by corporations in trade or commerce which is misleading or deceptive or is likely to mislead or deceive. State Fair Trading Legislation contains similar provisions in relation to misleading or deceptive conduct by individuals. Section 12DA of the Australian Securities and Investment Commission Act 2001 prohibits misleading or deceptive conduct in financial services.
The doctrine aims primarily to provide consumer protection by preventing businesses from misleading their customers. However, it extends to all situations in the course of trade or commerce. A range of remedies are available in the event of misleading or deceptive conduct.
Application of the doctrine.
Section 18 appears unrestricted in its words 'A person must not, in trade or commerce, engage in conduct that is misleading or deceptive or is likely to mislead or deceive'. However, the "Competition and Consumer Act 2010" (CCA) is an act of the Parliament of Australia, so section 51 of the Australian Constitution (which sets out the division of powers between the federal and state parliaments) restricts the application. Section 18 is based on the corporations power (s51(xx) of the Constitution). The requirement 'in trade or commerce' creates a significant threshold issue.
Individuals may be ancillary liable for breaches of s18 if they are "knowingly concerned" in the breach (s75B of the CCA).
Each of the States and territories of Australia have fair trading legislation, which mirrors the ACL.
Conduct which is misleading.
The prohibition on misleading conduct is set out in section 18(1) of the "Australian Consumer Law":
Section 4(2)(a) of the CCA defines conduct as:
Whether conduct is misleading or deceptive is a question of fact determined by considering the conduct as a whole.
To be misleading or deceptive the conduct must contain a misrepresentation capable of inducing the relevant class into error. Generally, misrepresentations will be false statements of fact. However, statements that are factually true may also be misrepresentations if they are capable of inducing consumers into error.
The relevant test is whether the conduct misleads or deceives, or is likely to mislead or deceive, the relevant class. Accordingly, it does not matter if the conduct intends to mislead or deceive, or is negligent or reckless as to whether they mislead or deceive. However, in some circumstances it may be necessary to show that the person doing the conduct did intend to mislead or deceive, for example when the person is merely passing on information.
Silence may be misleading in limited circumstances. When there is a duty between parties at common law to disclose facts, then a failure to do so may be misleading conduct. Furthermore, even if there is no common law duty to disclose, a person's silence, when considered in light of all the circumstances (other statements they have made, or other actions they have taken) may be misleading conduct. Generally, 'mere silence' is not misleading conduct unless there is a reasonable expectation that the person should disclose facts.
When the relevant conduct is a representation about the future (as opposed to a representation about present facts), then according to section 4 of the ACL, that conduct will be taken to be misleading if the person making it cannot show they have reasonable grounds. In these situations, representations about the future are presumed to be misleading, and the burden of proof is on the person making the representation to produce evidence to show that they had reasonable grounds.
Although section 18 is usually thought of in terms of consumer protection, it is not limited to these circumstances. Section 18 applies to representations made in commercial transactions, for example during negotiations between franchisers or for the sale of a business.
Remedies.
Fines.
There are no pecuniary penalties available for a breach of section 18. However, for a breach of many of the related provisions in the "Australian Consumer Law", the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) can seek pecuniary penalties of up to $1.1 million from corporations and $220,000 from individuals.
Damages.
A victim of misleading or deceptive conduct is only entitled to damages (i.e., monetary compensation) if they have suffered loss or damage as a result of the conduct. The measure of loss or damage here is generally the same as it is in contract law or tort law. According to section 82(1B) of the CCA, which was introduced in 2004, if a victim contributed to the loss or damage that they suffered, then the court can reduce the amount of damages that they are awarded, in a similar fashion to the reduction of damages in a negligence claim if the plaintiff is guilty of contributory negligence. However, if the person engaging in the conduct intended to mislead or deceive, or was fraudulent in their conduct, then the courts cannot reduce the damages.
There is a limitation period of six years on actions for damages, according to section 236(2).
Section 87 orders.
Power of Court to prohibit payment or transfer of moneys or other property
(1) Where: 
the Court may, on the application of the Minister or the Commission, make an order or orders mentioned in subsection (2) if the Court is satisfied that: 
The measure of loss or damage here may be different from the measure for damages under section 82. Some cases have suggested that since section 87 is not just about recovering monetary loss, then the measure should be broader. However, other cases consider that the same measure of loss or damage should be used.
There is also a limitation period of six years on actions for section 87 orders, according to section 87(1CA).

</doc>
<doc id="2881355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881355" title="Peninsula College">
Peninsula College

Peninsula College is a community college located in Port Angeles, Washington with satellite operations in Forks and Port Townsend. Founded in 1961, it serves the Olympic Peninsula. Peninsula College has approximately 10,000 students, two-thirds of whom attend part-time.

</doc>
<doc id="2881356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881356" title="Zerain">
Zerain

Zerain is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881357" title="Zestoa">
Zestoa

Zestoa (Spanish, "Cestona") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881360" title="Ewart Astill">
Ewart Astill

William Ewart Astill (1 March 1888, Ratby, Leicestershire, England – 10 February 1948, Stoneygate, Leicester, England) was, along with George Geary, the mainstay of the Leicestershire team from 1922 to about 1935. He played in nine Test matches but was never picked for a home Test or for the Ashes tour. However, for the best part of three decades he was a vital member of a generally struggling Leicestershire team. With no amateur able to play frequently for the county, Astill became the first officially appointed professional captain of any county for over fifty years in 1935. The county enjoyed a useful season, but at forty-seven years of age, Astill was only a stop gap before an amateur of the required standard and availability could be found. He was a nephew of Leicestershire fast bowler Thomas Jayes.
Pre-1914 career.
Astill began his career at the age of eighteen in 1906. He played only one match that season, but his medium-paced right-hand bowling on the treacherous pitches of the following season was so difficult that he took in county cricket 74 wickets for 16.58. The following year, Astill was Leicestershire's chief bowler with 84 wickets. His thirteen for 61 against Derbyshire on a treacherous pitch was a result he was never able to beat for twenty-five years after that. He again did well in 1909, but struggled in 1910 and 1911 and was dropped from his team.
In the wet summer of 1912, Astill regained his place but was expensive considering the favourable conditions, and on the firmer wickets of 1913 he could not retain his place. In 1914, he played only five matches.
War service.
During the war, Astill gained a commission in the Machine Gun Corps. He played only thrice in 1919 because he was late to be demobilised as he was overseas(Snow p. 247).
Great years.
Astill started his career low in the batting order but emerged after the war number four or five. His maiden century in 1921 was against newly promoted Glamorgan at Swansea. He completed the double in each season from 1921 to 26, and again from 1928 to 30. He took over 150 wickets in 1921 and 144 in 1922, and his bowling, even if his action was not as high as in the 1900s, was always steady and occasionally deadly. Only in 1927 did he fail to taken 100 wickets, but that season Astill made his highest first-class score of 164 against Glamorgan. In all he took 100 wickets in nine seasons and passed a thousand runs in eleven.
Tours and Test matches.
Astill, was never seriously in the running for a tour to Australia, but toured the West Indies with private parties during the middle 1920s, and played in five Tests on matting in South Africa in 1927/28, and four against the West Indies in 1929/1930, although he was not effective in those matches. In 1926/27 he was a member of the party that toured India, Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and Burma with the MCC, playing 24 matches and taking 71 wickets. His form declined from 1933 onwards.
Later years.
Although Astill retired at the end of 1937, Leicestershire was short of effective players and he was forced to come out of retirement twice in 1938 and in 1939. During World War II Astill rejoined the Army but later resigned his commission on the grounds of health. His health subsequently declined he died in Leicester Hospital just three weeks before his sixtieth birthday. He is buried in Welford Road Cemetery.
Other interests.
Ewart Astill was also a champion billiards player and according to EE Snow(p. 194), was a noted player of trick shots. He was also an accomplished singer and accompanist.
Modern Day.
In 2003 a one day test was set up among the Astill family to celebrate Ewart Astill. A plaque and a display of photos showing his greatest achievements was built to accompany the test. Every year the male members of the Astill family competed as individuals. The person to come out with the greatest number of runs was awarded the shield and has his name inscribed on it. This was discontinued in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2881361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881361" title="Zizurkil">
Zizurkil

Zizurkil (Spanish, "Cizúrquil") is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881379" title="Barisan Revolusi Nasional">
Barisan Revolusi Nasional

Barisan Revolusi Nasional (BRN) (National Revolutionary Front) is a Patani independence movement in northern Malaysia and Patani, southern Thailand.
Originally founded on March 13, 1963 by Haji Abdul Karim Hassan, by 1984 the group was divided into three main factions:
Incidents.
On 1 May 2013 the Separatists attacked a restaurant in the Pattani Region. The Suspected perpetrators shot with machine guns and thereby killed six people, including a two year old child. The act was an act of revenge, that appeared twelve hours following the action in the three predominantly Muslim provinces of Narathiwat, Pattani and Yala.

</doc>
