<doc id="2895214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895214" title="Foot-in-the-door technique">
Foot-in-the-door technique

Foot-in-the-door (FITD) technique is a compliance tactic that involves getting a person to agree to a large request by first setting them up by having that person agree to a modest request. The foot-in-the-door technique succeeds owing to a basic human reality that social scientists call "successive approximations". Essentially, the more a subject goes along with small requests or commitments, the more likely that subject is to continue in a desired direction of attitude or behavioral change and feel obligated to go along with larger requests. FITD works by first getting a small 'yes' and then getting an even bigger 'yes.'
The principle involved is that a small agreement creates a bond between the requester and the requestee. Even though the requestee may only have agreed to a trivial request out of politeness, this forms a bond which - when the requestee attempts to justify the decision to themselves - may be mistaken for a genuine affinity with the requester, or an interest in the subject of the request. When a future request is made, the requestee will feel obliged to act consistently with the earlier one.
The reversed approach - making a deliberately outlandish opening demand so that a subsequent, milder request will be accepted - is known as the door-in-the-face technique.
Classic experiments.
In an early study, a team of psychologists telephoned housewives in California and asked if the women would answer a few questions about the household products they used. Three days later, the psychologists called again. This time, they asked if they could send five or six men into the house to go through cupboards and storage places as part of a 2-hour enumeration of household products. The investigators found these women were more than twice as likely to agree to the 2-hour request than a group of housewives asked only the larger request. More recently, people were asked to call for a taxi if they became alcohol impaired. Half of the people had also been asked to sign a petition against drunk driving (which they all did) and half had not. Those who had signed the petition (complied with a small request) were significantly more likely to comply with the larger request of calling a taxi when impaired compared to those who had not been asked to sign the petition.
Numerous experiments have shown that foot-in-the-door tactics work well in persuading people to comply, especially if the request is a pro-social request. Research has shown that FITD techniques work over the computer via email, in addition to face-to-face requests.
Enhancing the technique.
The foot-in-the-door technique is also used in many commercial settings and can be illustrated using the door-to door sales person who eventually builds up his requests to a final purchase request.  In an experiment, subjects were initially asked to have signs in their windows to promote recycling along with varying amounts of incentives ($0, $1, $3) for doing so.  This study found that the foot-in-the-door technique was more effective than any of the incentive strategies in producing behavioural persistence (Scott, 1977). This is supported by the self-perception theory, which states that the foot-in-the-door technique is effective only because internal thoughts are what drive peoples’ behaviour.  That is, external pressure (such as indebtedness) for compliance is not as effective in increasing compliance.  In another study, participants were given a request that included a “but you are free” state which reminded the participant that s/he could refuse the request to participate. This condition along with the foot-in-the-door technique increased the compliance of the participants.  These are two extensions to the foot-in-the-door technique that help increase compliance in participants.  These techniques can be used in the political, commerce and public awareness environments.  For example, a study showed that having a questionnaire about organ donation increased the willingness of participants to become organ donors. It was found that increasing the number of items in the questionnaire did not necessarily affect the compliance to becoming a donor, that is, having a questionnaire alone was enough to increase the compliance. A study by Guéguen showed that the foot-in-the-door-technique is not only effective in person, but also online. In his study, he found that asking students for help saving a document as an RTF file via email increased their willingness to complete an online survey emailed to them by the initial requester. This information coupled with work by Swandon, Sherman, and Sherman, which found that students’ compliance to an initial, neutral and small request not only increased their willingness to comply with a subsequent larger and anxiety-producing request, but also indicated that the anxiety-producing request was deemed less anxiety producing than did the control group, has very large implication for possible online uses of the foot-in-the-door technique. With the privacy and anonymity provided by the internet, the foot-in-the-door technique could be used online to gather information about anxiety producing incidents in a manner that would not produce as much anxiety as in person questioning would. Further research in this domain is needed.
Examples.
When someone expresses support for an idea or concept, that person is more likely to then remain consistent with their prior expression of support by committing to it in a more concrete fashion. A common example undertaken in research studies used this foot-in-the-door technique: Two groups are asked to place a large, very unsightly sign in their front yard reading "Drive Carefully". The members of one group had previously been approached to put a small sign in their front window reading "Be a Safe Driver", almost all agreed. In response to the "Drive Carefully" request 76 percent of those who were initially asked to display the small sign complied, in comparison with only 17 percent of those in the other group not exposed to the earlier, less onerous, request.
Having already shown ‘community spirit’ by taking part in the campaign to reduce the nation’s road carnage – ‘stepping forward’ as a “good citizen” by giving prominence to the "Be a Safe Driver" sign, a statement to the world – there is social pressure to also agree to a grander, if more inconvenient, version of the same exercise and in order to appear consistent in one’s beliefs and behaviour. There may well be other contributors, but it is likely that commitment and consistency play a significant role.
In all three cases, it is actually easier to remain consistent with the first request by denying the second than by accepting it. For example, in the first request, the requestee has already agreed to a precise one hour time period and if immediately asked, likely will not agree to a different time period. However, if there is a delay of days or weeks between the requests, they are more likely to be received favorably.
Charitable donation.
There are a number of studies concerning the foot-in-the door technique and charitable donations. For example, Schwarzwald, Bizman, and Raz (1983) investigated the effectiveness of the foot-in-the-door technique for door-to-door fundraising. In their study, some of the participants were first asked to sign a petition before being asked to make a donation to the organization (foot-in-the-door condition). Others were not asked to sign a petition before making a donation (control condition). The request to sign a petition was made two weeks prior to the request to make a donation. They found that a greater percentage of people made a donation in the foot-in-the-door condition than in the control condition. Also, they found that making the small request to sign a petition resulted in more money being donated than not making this request. 
The findings from scientific studies on the foot-in-the-door technique have been mixed. Although some studies have found that the foot-in-the-door technique can increase donations, other studies found no statistically significant effect for the foot-in-the-door technique on donations.
Limitations.
Chan and colleagues (2011) conducted a study in order to assess the efficiency of foot-in-the-door technique versus the door-in-the-face technique among 2nd grade students in an after school center in Hong Kong. Sixty 2nd grade students were the participants of their study, who were asked to fill out arithmetic exercises. Experimenters asked students to fill out the arithmetic worksheets in either two conditions, the foot-in-the-door condition, or the door-in-the-face condition. The experimenters goal was to have to students complete a 20-item worksheet.
In the foot-in-the-door condition, 12 out of 20 students agreed to complete the 20-item worksheet. In the door-in-the-face condition, 18 out of 20 students agreed to complete the 20-item worksheet. After analysis of the data, the door-in-the-face technique showed to be a more favorable motivator to completing the arithmetic task. These results suggest that while foot-in-the-door and door-in-the-face techniques are successful means for task compliance, door-in-the-face may be better suitable for children in an academic setting. Door-in-the-face may be a more sufficient means of compliance for children in this particular setting, and potentially for children in general. While previous findings have shown that both foot-in-the-door and door-in-the-face techniques show to be successful in task compliance, it might be probable that the techniques might work better in different settings. This hypothesis can be seen as a limitation to foot-in-the-door technique because it might not be applicable in every compliance setting.
Alternatives.
Foot-In-The-Door(FITD) technique is when smaller requests are asked in order to gain compliance with larger requests, while Door-In-The-Face(DITF) works in the opposite direction, where larger requests are asked, with the expectation that it will be rejected, in order to gain compliance of smaller requests. 
An alternative postulated by Dolinksi(2011) is the Foot-In-The-Face(FITF) technique, where compliance would be greater under conditions where the second request is made immediately after the first has been rejected, but after a time lapse if the first request was accepted. However, the technique becomes ineffective in specific conditions like when the second request was asked immediately after the subjects had completed the first request or several days after the participants had disregarded the first. Conversely, the technique was effective in situations where the second request appeared directly after the first request, or two or three days after the first request. It was most effective when the second request was asked several days after the first task was fulfilled or immediately after the subjects rejection of the first task. Researchers found between 63 and 68% compliance rates when using the FITF technique, while traditional techniques showed lower rates around 50%.

</doc>
<doc id="2895221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895221" title="Dyclonine">
Dyclonine

Dyclonine is an oral anaesthetic that is the active ingredient of Sucrets, an over the counter throat lozenge. It is also found in some varieties of the Cepacol sore throat spray. It is a local anesthetic, used topically as the hydrochloride salt.
History.
The product Sucrets was introduced in Baltimore, Maryland, by Sharp & Dohme in 1932.
In 1966 the Federal Trade Commission ordered Merck and Company to discontinue the false claims of germ-killing and pain-relieving properties for its Sucrets and Children's Sucrets throat lozenges. In 1977, it was acquired by Beecham, later merging with SmithKline Beckman in 1989 to form SmithKline Beecham. By 1994 the brand switched from a metal container to a plastic container.
SmithKline Beecham, after announcing a merger with GlaxoWellcome to form GlaxoSmithKline, sold the brand in 2000 to Insight Pharmaceuticals. In 2011, Sucrets reintroduced their product back into the familiar tin due to popular demand and nostalgia.

</doc>
<doc id="2895224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895224" title="WHRK">
WHRK

WHRK is a Urban Contemporary station owned by Clear Channel Communications. It is licensed to Memphis, and it broadcasts at 97.1 MHz frequency. The station's studios are located in Southeast Memphis, and the transmitter site is in North Memphis.
History.
The station was originally WMPS-FM and had offered a classical format during the 1960s and 1970s. That was until October 1976 when it flipped to a Rhythmic Contemporary Hit Radio hybrid format that featured Disco. Even after Disco's demise they still continued to add Dance and Pop/Rock product throughout the 1980s but would evolve to Urban contemporary format by the end of that decade. It was purchased by Chancellor in the late 1990s along with sister station WDIA and former competitor KJMS. Today the station continues to dominate the Memphis Urban radio wars against KXHT.

</doc>
<doc id="2895231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895231" title="Gentle">
Gentle

Gentle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2895237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895237" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Kazakhstan">
Postage stamps and postal history of Kazakhstan

This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of Kazakhstan.
Under the Soviet Union, the Kazakh SSR postal service was an integral part of the Soviet system. The republic was periodically recognized in sets of stamps honoring the different parts of the USSR.
Kazakhstan became independent in December 1991, and wasted no time in organizing its own post. Its first stamp, depicting a warrior's suit found at the Issyk mound in 1969, was issued 23 March 1992. Overprinted stamps of the USSR are also known from this early period, but the Philatelic Club of Almaty has concluded that their official status is uncertain; although some saw postal usage, they were not generally available in post offices, nor do their values reflect actual postal rates in effect. (Although they may be fabrications intended to deceive collectors, this has apparently not been proven or disproven.)
The first definitive stamps were a set of five issued in 24 January 1993, four of which were a stylized design consisting of a yurt and spaceship (alluding to the country's Baikonur Cosmodrome), along with a high value of 50 rubles depicting the flag of Kazakhstan.
The currency changed to tijn and tenge around the end of 1993. Existing stamps, all denominated in rubles and kopecks, were then sold as if they were in the new currencies. New stamps issued in the first half of 1994 were initially sold as denominated in tijn, then later in tenge. The yurt-and-spaceship design was re-issued in the new currency beginning in July 1994.
Kazakhstan has since followed a moderate pattern of issues, averaging 30 to 40 types per year. The space theme is frequent.

</doc>
<doc id="2895245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895245" title="Maria of Tver">
Maria of Tver

Maria Borisovna of Tver ("Мария Борисовна" in Russian) (1442? – 1467) was the first wife of Grand Prince Ivan III and daughter of Boris Alexandrovich of Tver.
When Vasili II (Ivan III's father) was getting ready to attack Dmitry Shemyaka, he found an ally in the person of Boris of Tver. The two decided to seal the alliance by arranging a betrothal between the future Ivan III and Maria of Tver in 1452. It appears that she died from poisoning in 1467. However, if one is to believe Joseph Volotsky, she had been suffering from "infirmity" since childhood. She gave birth to Ivan the Young in 1458.

</doc>
<doc id="2895251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895251" title="Go Out policy">
Go Out policy

Go Out policy () is the People's Republic of China's current strategy to encourage its enterprises to invest overseas.
Most nations favour actively attracting inward foreign investment, and would only support outward foreign investment passively. The People's Republic of China, however, attaches importance to both inward and outward foreign investment.
History.
The Go Out Policy (also referred to as the Going Global Strategy) was an effort initiated in 1999 by the Chinese government to promote Chinese investments abroad. The Government, together with the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT), has introduced several schemes to assist domestic companies in developing a global strategy to exploit opportunities in the expanding local and international markets.
The programs launched so far by the Chinese Government have these goals in mind: 
Since the launching of the Going out Strategy, interest in overseas investing by Chinese companies has increased significantly especially among State Owned Enterprises. Statistics indicate that Chinese direct foreign investments rose from US$3 billion in 1991 to US$35 billion in 2003. This trend was underscored in 2007, when Chinese FDI reached US$92 billion. This boost in foreign investment can also be attributed to the Chinese Government's ability and commitment to create the right environment for foreign investment; and China's huge production capacity, coupled with low labor costs. With a dynamic economy, and a strong business-friendly culture, the outlook for Chinese companies will continue to be positive.
As part of its efforts to restructure state-owned enterprises, the Chinese government has established the SASAC (State-Owned Asset Supervision Administration Commission), which develops China's equity exchange market, while supporting Chinese foreign investments. SASAC's responsibilities include:
The SASAC operates through several equity exchanges such as CBEX (China Beijing Equity Exchange), which is the largest and most prestigious in terms of trading volume. It is headquartered in the heart of Beijing financial district. Presently, CBEX has established three international platforms in Italy, Japan and the United States of America. The Italian CMEX (China Milan Equity Exchange), created in 2007, is CBEX's first international partner, operating as a liaison to facilitate the penetration of Chinese companies into the Italian and European markets and of European companies in China. Following the trend of the Go out policy, some of the most prominent Chinese professional institutions are expanding their business on the international markets. King&Wood, the largest Law Firm in China with more than 800 lawyers, has recently opened a branch in Japan and in the US, while Grandall Legal Group (one of the most prominent Chinese Law Firms, with a staff of more than 600 professionals) through its International Department has established a European hub called the “China-Europe Legal Group” to assist Chinese companies in Europe. Carone & Partners is a member law firm of the “China-Europe Legal Group” in Italy.
Recent examples of the Go out policy.
The following list of M&A transactions performed by Chinese companies overseas are just some of the most notable examples of the successful implementation of the Go out policy:
There are also many more recent examples of smartphone app makers who have branched out globally.

</doc>
<doc id="2895258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895258" title="Tim Stryker">
Tim Stryker

Timothy J. Stryker, better known as Tim Stryker or Stryker (9 December 1954 – 6 August 1996) was a computer programmer, best known as the creator of MajorBBS, a computer bulletin board software package.
Education.
Stryker graduated from Northfield Mount Hermon School in 1972, and received his bachelors degree in physics from Brown University in 1977.
Flash Attack.
Stryker and Ken Wasserman wrote the game "Flash Attack" for the Commodore PET computer, and developed a cable so that two PET computers could be linked to play against each other. One of the earliest real-time strategy computer games, it was later rewritten for MS-DOS machines, and allowed up to four players in realtime, interconnected modems dialed into MajorBBS.
Aztarac.
Stryker authored the Centuri arcade vector game Aztarac in 1983. Although not a huge commercial success and not produced in large numbers, this arcade game is highly prized by collectors not only for its rarity, but for its graphics. During the attract mode of the game, quickly spinning the spinner control reveals a hidden message in the starfield: "Designed by T. Stryker".
MajorBBS / Galacticomm.
Stryker founded Galacticomm in 1985, and created MajorBBS which supported real-time teleconference, gaming, discussion forums, user profiles (registry), and file transfer sections.
Later in Galacticomm's development, Stryker hired Scott Brinker, originally of Moonshae Isles BBS, who created many of the early games available for MajorBBS, including the original game Kyrandia. The two of them were the heart of Galacticomm.
Electronic Democracy.
Tim Stryker was a staunch advocate of electronic democracy, and began a movement called Superdemocracy to computerize voting and help people follow politics in cyberspace. He dreamed of creating the "perfect society based on compassion and love".
Death.
Stryker suffered from severe depression, and was found dead of a self-inflicted shotgun wound in the mountains of Colorado on August 6, 1996 at the age of 41.

</doc>
<doc id="2895276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895276" title="Maynard's House">
Maynard's House

"Maynard's House" is a horror novel by Herman Raucher. The book is the story of a young Vietnam War veteran, Austin, suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder who learns that his best friend, the eponymous Maynard, has been killed in combat; in his will, Maynard leaves the narrator his house, a historical site in which a woman accused of witchcraft was killed around the time of the Salem Witch Trials. Austin moves into the house, and shortly thereafter is trapped when an unexpectedly strong winter storm sweeps in. Isolated in the home, the narrator begins to try to come to terms with the trauma of the things he witnessed in combat, and grows increasingly paranoid that the home might be haunted by the murdered witch.
The themes of a man troubled by his inheritance of something belonging to a dead soldier, and of a man's best friend being killed in war, are ones that run in many of Herman Raucher's works, and are implicitly tied to traumatic events in his own life: He lost his virginity to a traumatized war widow, and his best friend, an army medic, was killed in combat in the Korean War on Raucher's birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="2895279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895279" title="Meyer London">
Meyer London

Meyer London (December 29, 1871 — June 6, 1926) was an American politician from New York City. He was one of only two members of the Socialist Party of America elected to the United States Congress.
Biography.
Early years.
Meyer London was born in Kalvarija, Lithuania (then part of the Russian Empire) on December 29, 1871. Meyer's father, Efraim London, was a former Talmudic scholar who had become politically revolutionary and philosophically agnostic, while his mother had remained a devotee of Judaism. His father had established himself as a grain merchant in Zenkov, a small town located in Poltava province of the Ukraine, but his financial situation was poor and in 1888 his father emigrated with Meyer's younger brother to the United States, leaving Meyer behind.
Meyer attended Cheder, a traditional Jewish primary school in which he learned Hebrew, before entering Russian-language schools to begin his secular education. In 1891, when Meyer was 20, the family decided to follow his father to America so Meyer terminated his studies and departed for New York City, taking up residence in the city's largely Jewish Lower East Side.
In America, Meyer's father had become a commercial printer, doing jobs in the Yiddish, Russian, and English languages and publishing his own radical weekly called "Morgenstern." Efraim London's shop was a hub of activity, bringing together Jewish radical intellectuals from throughout the city, many of whom met and influenced the printer's son with their ideas.
Meyer earned money as a tutor, taking on pupils at irregular hours and teaching literature and other topics. He later obtained a job as a librarian, a position which allowed him sufficient time to read about history and politics and to study law in his free time. Meyer also frequented radical meetings, gradually developing proficiency as a public speaker and participant in public debates.
In 1896, London was accepted to the law school of New York University, attending most of his classes at night. He completed the program and was admitted to the New York City Bar Association in 1898, becoming a labor lawyer, taking on cases which fought injunctions or defending the rights of tenants against the transgressions of landlords. London did not handle criminal cases, but rather limited himself to matters of civil law.
Political career.
Candidate and public figure.
In the 1890s, London joined the Socialist Labor Party of America (SLP), standing as its candidate for New York State Assembly in 1896. He was attracted by Eugene V. Debs and his new Social Democracy of America in 1897 but resigned from the SLP in that year to help form Local Number One of the Social Democracy in New York in that year.
In 1898, London again ran for New York Assembly in the old 4th Assembly District, this time as the candidate of the Social Democratic Party of America, successor organization of Debs' Social Democracy.
In the summer of 1901, the Chicago-based Social Democratic Party merged with another group of former adherents of the Socialist Labor Party to form the Socialist Party of America (SPA), and London transferred his political allegiance to the new organization. He ran for a third time for the 4th Assembly District seat in 1904, this time under the banner of the SPA.
The Russian Revolution of 1905 was deeply inspirational to the former citizen of the Tsarist regime, and London threw himself into the task of speaking to mass meetings organized to help raise funds for the relief of Jewish victims of the pogroms which erupted at that same time. London also engaged in fund-raising on behalf of the Bund, the Yiddish-language revolutionary movement in regions with significant Jewish populations in the old Russian empire.
London was active in the 1910 New York Cloakmakers Strike, during which the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union (ILGWU) brought out 50,000 in a successful struggle for higher wages and better work conditions against their employers. In his capacity as counsel for the ILGWU, London drew up and published a communique in the name of the strike committee. In this manifesto, London declared:
"We charge the employers with ruining the great trade built up by the industrious immigrants. We charge them with having corrupted the morale of thousands employed in the cloak trade... Treachery, slavishness and espionage are encouraged by the employers as great virtues of the cloakmakers. This general strike is greater than any union. It is an irresistible movement of the people. It is a protest against conditions that can no longer be tolerated. This is the first great attempt to regulate conditions in the trade, to do away with that anarchy and chaos which keeps some of the men working sixteen hours a day during the hottest months of the year while thousands of others have no employment whatever... We appeal to the people of America to assist us in our struggle."
London argued against an injunction issued against the strikers before the New York Supreme Court en route to a victory of the strikers after a labor action lasting the better part of two months.
London's place in the cloakmakers' strike made him one of the best-known public faces of the Socialist Party in New York City and over the course of three runs for Congress he gradually constructed a winning coalition, emerging victorious despite the violence and fraud practiced by the campaign of his Tammany Hall-supported Democratic opponent in the election of 1914. London thus became the second Socialist elected to Congress, following Wisconsin's Victor Berger.
Congressman.
As a Congressman, Meyer London was one of 50 representatives and six senators to vote against entry into World War I. Once America was at war, however, London felt obliged to support the nation's efforts in the conflict. He strongly opposed the Espionage Act of 1917 and the Sedition Act of 1918, which made criticism of the president or the war a crime, and in the end cast the only vote in the House against the Sedition Act of 1918. These actions angered his constituency but London said: "I wonder whether I am to be punished for having had the courage to vote against the war or for standing by my country’s decision when it chose war." 
London's support of the Wilson administration's war effort enraged many within the Socialist Party, who saw London's actions as a rank betrayal of the party's anti-militarist program. In a statement to members of the Socialist Party, London's radical opponents chronicled his transgressions:
"He ignored the St. Louis Resolution right after it was adopted. He refused to introduce bills suggested by the National Executive Committee. He neglected every opportunity of manifesting the attitude of the Socialist Party... When London sent his famous telegram to Russia not to conclude a separate peace, a good many of us felt that he ought to be recalled from Congress. If we had no courage to recall him then, let us have courage now to reconsider his nomination."
As a Jewish Socialist, London’s position on Zionism further complicated his political situation. Although he upset socialist Labor Zionists by refusing to introduce a resolution endorsing the Balfour Declaration into the House of Representatives, London did not oppose the right of Jews to live “a separate and distinct national existence fortified by a Jewish state…All that I ask of them is that they should not speak in the name of all Jews.” Further, London believed in the possibility of a specifically socialist Jewish state, so long as it “can be accomplished without violating the Socialist principle which forbids forcible annexation.” However, London's refusal to introduce the resolution united many Zionists against him. The Jewish community was further fragmented in opposition to London, with Orthodox Jews advocating his defeat because he was not religious while rich and powerful Jews worked against him because he was a socialist. Uptown Jews like Jacob Schiff, Louis Marshall, Nathan Straus, and Rabbi Stephen S. Wise urged the Jews to redeem themselves by rejecting London.
London was thus placed in the uncomfortable position of simultaneously being attacked both as a dangerous radical on the one hand and as a collaborationist traitor to radicalism on the other; as un-American and pro-German on the one hand and as an American nationalist and abettor of militarism on the other; for subsuming the Socialist program in the interest of the Jews in his district on the one hand and for neglecting the sweeping desire for Jewish nationhood in the interests of socialist internationalism on the other. This proved too much even for the powers of political incumbency to overcome. With the Democratic and Republican parties united behind a single "fusion" candidate and his own supporters fragmented, London narrowly lost reelection in 1918, falling to Henry M. Goldfogle by a tally of 7,269 to 6,519.
Two years later, in 1920, the Lower East Side sent London back to Congress. The vote was 10,212 for London to 8,054 for Goldfogle. In "Israel and the American National Interest", Cheryl A. Rubenberg states: “On September 21, 1922, the American Congress passed a joint resolution stating its support for a homeland in Palestine for the Jewish people". He was defeated for reelection two months later in November.
Death and legacy.
London died on Sunday, June 6, 1926. As he was crossing Second Avenue at 15th Street, he was caught in the middle of heavy automobile traffic passing in both directions. London became confused and when he halted in the middle of the road he was struck by a car, suffering internal injuries. The driver rushed him to Bellevue Hospital, where London’s daughter was an intern. When she saw her father, London’s only concern was that the driver not be punished. "It’s not his fault", said London "and he is a poor man." London died at 10 o'clock that night at the age of 54, after physicians had labored for 11 hours to save him.
News immediately began to spread about the death of the beloved Congressman and crowds immediately began to gather in front of the hospital, the Londons' home, and the building of the "Jewish Daily Forward" newspaper. The next day, London's body was taken to the "Forward" building, where it lay in state while 25,000 men, women, and children filed past the casket, paying their respects. A funeral followed on Wednesday, June 10, one of the greatest mass displays of mourning in New York City's history, witnessed by an estimated 500,000 people. The streets were jammed with a procession of 50,000 people, as hundreds of thousands crowded windows and hung from fire escapes or stood along the procession route in a crowd jammed six people deep.
London's body was interred at Mt. Carmel Cemetery in Glendale, New York, in the borough of Queens.
In spite of his votes against the previous world war, London became the namesake of a World War II Liberty ship, the USS "Meyer London", launched in 1943.
One of the buildings of Hillman Housing Corporation, a housing cooperative founded by the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America, in the Lower East Side of Manhattan is named after him. There is also a K-5 elementary school located in the Lower East Side named after Meyer London, also known as P.S. 2.
In an article for "The New York Review of Books", historian Tony Judt writes that London is a relative of his: "Our cousin Meyer London had emigrated in 1891 to New York from a nearby village; there he was elected in 1914 as the second Socialist congressman before being ousted by an ignominious alliance of wealthy New York Jews disturbed by his socialism and American Zionists aghast at his well-publicized suspicion of their project."

</doc>
<doc id="2895287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895287" title="Le Creuset">
Le Creuset

Le Creuset (, meaning "the cauldron") is a French cookware manufacturer best known for its colorfully-enameled cast-iron cookware "French ovens", also known as "casseroles" or "Dutch ovens". The company also makes many other types of cookware, from sauce pans to tagines.
History.
Le Creuset was founded in the French town of Fresnoy-le-Grand, Aisne, Picardy, a strategic location at the crossroads of transportation routes for iron, coke and sand. Armand Desaegher (a casting specialist) and Octave Aubecq (an enameling specialist) opened their foundry in 1925. That same year, the first cocotte (or French Oven) was produced, laying the foundation for what is now an extensive range of cookware and kitchen utensils.
The Le Creuset signature color, Flame (orange) was born in this first piece. With their new ability to pigment the enamel glaze, Desaegher and Aubecq modeled their first color after the intense orange hue of molten cast iron inside a cauldron ("creuset" in French).
During World War II, Le Creuset began to focus on continually improving their cast iron. In 1939, Le Creuset launched the patented Doufeu, an oven containing the world's first patented basting spikes that allow condensation to drip back into the food during cooking. In 1957, Le Creuset purchased a competitor, Les Hauts Fourneaux de Cousances, and began producing items such as a grill model and a fondue set.
In 1995 Le Creuset began exploring new product categories: stainless steel, stoneware, silicone, enamel on steel, textiles and forged hard-anodized aluminum.
The current Le Creuset logo was introduced in 1970 and was designed to be a symbolic representation of metal casting and molding. The company was purchased by current owner Paul Van Zuydam in 1987.
Le Creuset offers a variety of colors, from bright (e.g. cherry, a red gradient) to muted (e.g. dune, a graduated off-white). Its discontinued colors include cobalt (solid blue), black onyx (black), kiwi (solid green), as well as slate, granite, cactus, and citron.
Production.
To manufacture their cast iron cookware, the Le Creuset foundry uses standard sand casting methods. After hand finishing, items are sprayed with at least two coats of enamel. The enamel becomes resistant to damage during normal use. Currently, all Le Creuset cast iron cookware is still manufactured in the company's foundry in Fresnoy-le-Grand, where workers employ a 12 step finishing process implemented by 15 different pairs of hands to ensure that there are no flaws or imperfections in the final product. 
However, Le Creuset products that are not cast-iron may be made in other countries, such as China and Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="2895298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895298" title="Raphaël Haroche">
Raphaël Haroche

Raphaël Haroche (born 7 November 1975), professionally known under his mononym Raphaël, is a French singer–songwriter and actor.
Personal and media life.
Raphaël was born as Raphaël Haroche on 7 November 1975 in Paris, France, and was raised in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine. Through his father he is of Moroccan Jewish and Russian descent and his mother is Argentinian. During his childhood and his adolescence, his idols were David Bowie, Iggy Pop, Bob Dylan, Led Zeppelin, Jimi Hendrix, Téléphone, and Barbara. Raphaël played the piano and the guitar, and did not like school.
In June 2007, Raphaël placed ninth on the French "Elle" magazine "15 Sexiest Man" list. He has been in a relationship with actress Mélanie Thierry, who appeared in the music video for his single "Caravan". On 24 May 2008, Thierry gave birth to the couple's first child, Roman.
His uncle is Serge Haroche, 2012 Nobel Physics Prize laureate.
Musical career.
In 2000, Raphaël released his first album "Hôtel de l'univers" (the title is a tribute to Arthur Rimbaud), but it was not until three years later that he enjoyed his first mainstream success with the song "Sur la Route", a duo with famous French singer Jean-Louis Aubert, included in his second album "La Réalité". With this album, he chose folk music.
In 2005, Raphaël released his third album, "Caravane", to huge critical acclaim and commercial success. He received three Music's Victories in 2006.
In September 2006, Raphaël released the double live album "Résistance à la nuit" featuring songs from his first three albums as well as a nod to Íngrid Betancourt in the form of the songs "La petite chanson" and "Ceci n'est pas un adieu".
At the beginning of 2007, Raphaël became a member of the supergroup "Les Aventuriers d'un autre Monde" with Jean-Louis Aubert, Alain Bashung, Cali, Daniel Darc, and Richard Kolinka.
In February 2007, Raphaël released his live acoustic album "Une nuit au Châtelet" which is partly a tribute to French singers such as Bernard Lavilliers, Gérard Manset, and Serge Gainsbourg. Amongst the many musicians working on this project was ex-David Bowie pianist Mike Garson.
Raphaël's fourth studio album, "Je sais que la terre est plate" was released on 17 March 2008. This album featured the song "Haïti", a collaboration with the Jamaican group Toots & the Maytals.
On 27 September 2010, Raphaël released his fifth studio album, "Pacific 231".
Other work.
In 1999, Raphaël made a brief appearance in the comedy film "Peut-être" (French: "Maybe"), directed by Cédric Klapisch. He would subsequently had small roles in "The Dancer" (2000) and the television film "Les grand gamins". In 2010, Raphaël portrayed the character of Louis in "Ces amours-là", directed by Claude Lelouch. The film was premiered in France on 15 September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2895304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895304" title="Model category">
Model category

In mathematics, particularly in homotopy theory, a model category is a category with distinguished classes of morphisms ('arrows') called 'weak equivalences', 'fibrations' and 'cofibrations'. These abstract from a conventional homotopy category, of topological spaces or of chain complexes (derived category theory). This concept was introduced by .
In recent decades, the language of model categories has been used in some parts of algebraic "K"-theory and algebraic geometry, where homotopy-theoretic approaches led to deep results.
Motivation.
Model categories can provide a natural setting for homotopy theory: the category of topological spaces is a model category, with the homotopy corresponding to the usual theory. Similarly, objects that are thought of as spaces often admit a model category structure, such as the category of simplicial sets.
Another model category is the category of chain complexes of "R"-modules for a commutative ring "R". Homotopy theory in this context is homological algebra. Homology can then be viewed as a type of homotopy, allowing generalizations of homology to other objects, such as groups and "R"-algebras, one of the first major applications of the theory. Because of the above example regarding homology, the study of closed model categories is sometimes thought of as homotopical algebra.
Formal definition.
The definition given initially by Quillen was that of a closed model category, the assumptions of which seemed strong at the time, motivating others to weaken some of the assumptions to define a model category. In practice the distinction has not proven significant and most recent authors (e.g., Hovey and Hirschhorn) work with closed model categories and simply drop the adjective 'closed'.
The definition has been separated to that of a model structure on a category and then further categorical conditions on that category, the necessity of which may seem unmotivated at first but becomes important later. The following definition follows that given by Hovey.
A model structure on a category "C" consists of three distinguished classes of morphisms (equivalently subcategories): weak equivalences, fibrations, and cofibrations, and two functorial factorizations formula_1 and formula_2 subject to the following axioms. Note that a fibration that is also a weak equivalence is called an acyclic (or trivial) fibration and a cofibration that is also a weak equivalence is called an acyclic (or trivial) cofibration (or sometimes called an anodyne morphism).
A model category is a category that has a model structure and all (small) limits and colimits, i.e. a complete and cocomplete category with a model structure.
The axioms imply that any two of the three classes of maps determine the third (e.g., cofibrations and weak equivalences determine fibrations).
Also, the definition is self-dual: if "C" is a model category, then its opposite category formula_6 also admits a model structure so that weak equivalences correspond to their opposites, fibrations opposites of cofibrations and cofibrations opposites of fibrations.
Examples.
Topological spaces.
The category of topological spaces, Top, admits a standard model category structure with the usual (Serre) fibrations and with weak equivalences as weak homotopy equivalences. The cofibrations are not the usual notion found here, but rather the narrower class of maps that have the left lifting property with respect to the acyclic Serre fibrations.
Equivalently, they are the retracts of the relative cell complexes, as explained for example in Hovey's "Model Categories". This structure is not unique; in general there can be many model category structures on a given category. For the category of topological spaces, another such structure is given by Hurewicz fibrations and standard cofibrations, and the weak equivalences are the (strong) homotopy equivalences.
Chain complexes.
The category of (nonnegatively graded) chain complexes of "R"-modules carries at least two model structures, which both feature prominently in homological algebra:
or
This explains why Ext-groups of "R"-modules can be computed by either resolving the source projectively or the target injectively. These are cofibrant or fibrant replacements in the respective model structures.
The category of arbitrary chain-complexes of "R"-modules has a model structure that is defined by
Further examples.
Other examples of categories admitting model structures include the category of all small categories, the category of simplicial sets or simplicial presheaves on any small Grothendieck site, the category of topological spectra, and the categories of simplicial spectra or presheaves of simplicial spectra on a small Grothendieck site.
Simplicial objects in a category are a frequent source of model categories; for instance, simplicial commutative rings or simplicial "R"-modules admit natural model structures. This follows because there is an adjunction between simplicial sets and simplicial commutative rings (given by the forgetful and free functors), and in nice cases one can lift model structures under an adjunction.
A "simplicial model category" is a simplicial category with a model structure that is compatible with the simplicial structure.
Given any category "C" and a model category "M", the category of functors Fun ("C", "M") (also called "C"-diagrams in "M") is also a model category. In fact, there are always "two" distinct model structures: in one, the so-called projective model structure, fibrations and weak equivalences are those maps of functors which are fibrations and weak equivalences when evaluated at each object of "C". Dually, the injective model structure is similar with cofibrations and weak equivalences instead. In both cases the third class of morphisms is given by a lifting condition (see below). In some cases, when the category "C" is a Reedy category, there is a third model structure lying in between the projective and injective.
The process of forcing certain maps to become weak equivalences in a new model category structure on the same underlying category is known as Bousfield localization. For example, the category of simplicial sheaves can be obtained as a Bousfield localization of the model category of simplicial presheaves.
Denis-Charles Cisinski has developed a general theory of model structures on presheaf categories (generalizing simplicial sets, which are presheaves on the simplex category).
Some constructions.
Every closed model category has a terminal object by completeness and an initial object by cocompleteness, since these objects are the limit and colimit, respectively, of the empty diagram. Given an object "X" in the model category, if the unique map from the initial object to "X" is a cofibration, then "X" is said to be cofibrant. Analogously, if the unique map from "X" to the terminal object is a fibration then "X" is said to be fibrant.
If "Z" and "X" are objects of a model category such that "Z" is cofibrant and there is a weak equivalence from "Z" to "X" then "Z" is said to be a cofibrant replacement for "X". Similarly, if "Z" is fibrant and there is a weak equivalence from "X" to "Z" then "Z" is said to be a fibrant replacement for "X". In general, not all objects are fibrant or cofibrant, though this is sometimes the case. For example, all objects are cofibrant in the standard model category of simplicial sets and all objects are fibrant for the standard model category structure given above for topological spaces.
Left homotopy is defined with respect to cylinder objects and right homotopy is defined with respect to path objects. These notions coincide when the domain is cofibrant and the codomain is fibrant. In that case, homotopy defines an equivalence relation on the hom sets in the model category giving rise to homotopy classes.
Characterizations of fibrations and cofibrations by lifting properties.
Cofibrations can be characterized as the maps which have the left lifting property with respect to acyclic fibrations, and acyclic cofibrations are characterized as the maps which have the left lifting property with respect to fibrations. Similarly, fibrations can be characterized as the maps which have the right lifting property with respect to acyclic cofibrations, and acyclic fibrations are characterized as the maps which have the right lifting property with respect to cofibrations.
Homotopy and the homotopy category.
The "homotopy category" of a model category "C" is the localization of "C" with respect to the class of weak equivalences. This definition of homotopy category does not depend on the choice of fibrations and cofibrations. However, the classes of fibrations and cofibrations are useful in describing the homotopy category in a different way and in particular avoiding set-theoretic issues arising in general localizations of categories. More precisely, the "fundamental theorem of model categories" states that the homotopy category of "C" is equivalent to the category whose objects are the objects of "C" which are both fibrant and cofibrant, and whose morphisms are left homotopy classes of maps (equivalently, right homotopy classes of maps) as defined above. (See for instance Model Categories by Hovey, Thm 1.2.10)
Applying this to the category of topological spaces with the model structure given above, the resulting homotopy category is equivalent to the category of CW complexes and homotopy classes of continuous maps, whence the name.
Quillen adjunctions.
A pair of adjoint functors
between two model categories "C" and "D" is called a Quillen adjunction if "F" preserves cofibrations and acyclic cofibrations or, equivalently by the closed model axioms, such that G preserves fibrations and acyclic fibrations. In this case "F" and "G" induce an adjunction
between the homotopy categories. There is also an explicit criterion for the latter to be an equivalence ("F" and "G" are called a "Quillen equivalence" then).
A typical example is the standard adjunction between simplicial sets and topological spaces:
involving the geometric realization of a simplicial set and the singular chains in some topological space. The categories sSet and Top are not equivalent, but their homotopy categories are. Therefore, simplicial sets are often used as models for topological spaces because of this equivalence of homotopy categories.

</doc>
<doc id="2895307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895307" title="Assise">
Assise

An assise (from the Fr., derived from Latin "assidere", "to sit beside"), is a geological term for two or more beds or strata of rock united by the occurrence of the same characteristic species or genera.

</doc>
<doc id="2895315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895315" title="Franklyn Rose">
Franklyn Rose

Franklyn Albert Rose (born 1 February 1972) is a West Indian cricketer.
He is a right-handed batsman and a fast right-arm bowler who possesses a lot of power with his full-length outswing. In the first innings in which he participated, he achieved figures of 6 for 100, but for Test after Test beyond this, his bowling disappointed in comparison, only picking up during a Test match in Durban, where he achieved figures of 7 for 84.
Rose also had his moments with the bat, including a match-turning 69 against Zimbabwe in Kingston during the 1999/2000 Cable and Wireless series. Coming in at 170 for 7, as West Indies replied to the visitors' 308, he and Jimmy Adams (101 n.o.) added a record 148 for the eighth wicket and the Windies eventually went on to win by 10 wickets. Rose was subsequently named Man-of-the-Series.
Later that year, Rose's aggressive instincts cost West Indies the second Test at Lord's when his attempts to shake up England's Dominic Cork with short-pitched bowling leaked valuable runs in a low-scoring game.
Although he was dropped for good shortly afterward at age 28, his final Test bowling average of 30.88 would prove to be the lowest of any West Indian pacer of his generation until Kemar Roach emerged nearly a decade later.
Rose has played for various more community-based outfits since departing from the international scene. One more prominent appointment was his recruitment for the 2004 season in England for Lashings Cricket Club. Rose, always a controversial figure in any cricketing scene, be it local, national or international, in turn fell out with equally controversial chairman of Lashings David Folb. Rose has also played in Sydney, Australia, and for the Chicago Tornadoes of the USA's Pro Cricket league. He currently resides in Auckland, where he played and coached at Birkenhead City Cricket Club on Auckland's North Shore during the 2011-12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2895329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895329" title="Bug!">
Bug!

Bug! is a 3D rendered platform/adventure video game developed by Realtime Associates for the Sega Saturn. Released in 1995 in North America, Japan and Europe, it was one of the earliest 3D platform games. It was later ported to Windows 3.x and Windows 95 on August 31, 1996 by Beam Software, on one CD that contains both versions of the game.
Theme.
The background plot centers around the title character, Bug, a famous Hollywood star hoping to make his "biggest break" ever. Players take control shortly after Bug has signed up a deal for the lead role in an action film in which his girlfriend is kidnapped by Queen Cadavra and must set out to rescue her. The gameplay takes place "on the set" of each scene and cutscenes between levels indicate Bug moving over from one set to the next.
Gameplay.
Bug! was played like a traditional side-scrolling adventure game. In the same fashion as Sonic the Hedgehog (in one level Bug must race against Sonic), Bug must jump and stomp on the heads of his enemies to defeat them while making his way through large levels and collecting power-ups. What sets Bug! apart is the game's 3D levels, which take the side-view and tweak it. Bug can walk sidewise up vertical surfaces and even upside down. Each set of levels (ranging from a bright, green grassy area to a deep red, desert level) has a deeply individual look and feel.
Reception.
"Bug!" released to strong critical acclaim from Game Informer magazine, which awarded it an "excellent" score of 9/10. It also received a 9/10 from "Electric Playground" and an 8/10 from Electronic Gaming Monthly. By contrast, GameSpot gave the PC version a 6/10, calling it "visually stunning" and praising the "quick and responsive" gameplay, but concluding that it "fails to explore any new territory...in a tired genre."

</doc>
<doc id="2895337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895337" title="Edna Campbell">
Edna Campbell

Edna Campbell (born November 26, 1968) is a licensed vocational nurse and medical exercise specialist. Most Recently, Edna wrote "The Breast Cancer Recovery Manual". This manual is based on Edna's personal bout and recovery from breast cancer. Edna is a retired women's basketball player who played in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). The 5 ft 8 in guard played with the Sacramento Monarchs as well as three other teams, but is well known for continuing to play despite suffering breast cancer. In 2004 she was designated a Women's History Month honoree by the National Women's History Project. Campbell was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
College years.
Campbell's college career began at the University of Maryland, College Park, but achieved her most notable success at the University of Texas' women's team, known as the "Lady Longhorns", where she was named the Southwest Conference's Newcomer of the Year in 1990. She graduated in 1991 after the Lady Longhorns compiled a 48-14 won/loss record while she was there.
USA Basketball.
Campbell was named to the team representing the USA at the 1987 William Jones Cup competition in Taipei, Taiwan. The team won all seven games to win the gold medal for the event. The USA was down at halftime in the opening game against Japan, but came back in the second half to win, helped by 15 points from Campbell. She averaged 9.7 points per game over the seven games, and was named to the all-tournament team.
In the following year, 1988, Campbell was also named to the Jones Cup team. The USA team was not as successful, with a 3–2 record, but that was enough to secure the silver medal. She averaged 5.6 points per game and tied for the team lead with 15 steals. Campbell was selected to represent the USA at the 1995 USA Women's Pan American Games, however, only four teams committed to participate, so the event was cancelled.
Campbell was named to the USA national team in 1998. The national team traveled to Berlin, Germany in July and August 1998 for the FIBA World Championships. The USA team won a close opening game against Japan 95–89, then won their next six games easily. In the semifinal game against Brazil, the USA team was behind as much as ten points in the first half, but the USA went on to win 93–79. The gold medal game was a rematch against Russia. In the first game, the USA team dominated almost from the beginning, but in the rematch, the team from Russia took the early lead and led much of the way. With under two minutes remaining, the USA was down by two points but the USA responded, then held on to win the gold medal 71–65. Campbell played limited minutes but had two steals.
ABL career.
Campbell played for the Colorado Xplosion in the American Basketball League (ABL).
WNBA career.
Campbell was the 10th overall draft pick, selected by the Phoenix Mercury during the 1999 WNBA Draft. She was left unprotected in the expansion draft the following year, and was chosen by the Seattle Storm. She became the new franchise's go-to option, but the team finished with a cellar-dwelling 6-26 record.
The next year, the Storm drafted its first superstar, Lauren Jackson, and Campbell was traded to the Sacramento Monarchs for Katy Steding and a draft pick. During the second of her four seasons in Sacramento, Campbell was diagnosed with breast cancer. She received treatment and was welcomed back before the fans of her two most recent teams in the Monarchs' final game against Seattle during the 2002 season.
Campbell continued to play despite her diagnosis, and has become a symbol to survivors of the disease. She became the WNBA's national spokesperson for its anti-cancer efforts with the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation. She received the league's Kim Perrot Sportsmanship Award in 2003.
Campbell signed a free agent contract with the San Antonio Silver Stars in 2005. She played with the Silver Stars for that one season, before announcing her retirement from the WNBA on February 28, 2006.
During the 2006 WNBA season, which honored nine years of the league's existence, Campbell's return from breast cancer was nominated by fans as "Most Inspirational" and one of the top four WNBA Anniversary decade moments.
Life after basketball.
Shortly after retiring from basketball, Edna was hired as a television commentator for the San Antonio Silver Stars games during the 2006 WNBA season. Edna then became a nurse in 2008, and also coached high school girls.
Career statistics.
WNBA career totals
WNBA Career Averages
WNBA Career Playoff Totals
WNBA Career Playoff Averages

</doc>
<doc id="2895340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895340" title="List of CPU architectures">
List of CPU architectures

The following is a list of notable CPU architectures.
All computers run using very low-level commands which do some very basic functions, such as reading data, writing data, jumping to addresses, and calculating basic arithmetic. (The complete list of commands that can be run by a CPU is known as that computer’s instruction set). Instruction sets are relatively small; most higher-order programming languages, such as C++, Ada, Fortran, or Visual Basic, must be compiled (or translated, or interpreted) into these low level commands in order for a program to run.
These low-level commands are run in a series of steps, which are synchronized with the computer’s clock. (One apt analogy would be an internal combustion engine. In an engine, the pistons, valves, and fuel systems must all run in a very synchronized manner, so likewise a computer runs – with precise timing dictating when instructions are fetched and executed, and when data is read and written. If an engine runs in a cycle: intake, compression, ignition, and exhaust; so does a computer's CPU: fetch, load, execute, write.)
CPU architects strive for designs that are compact and efficient, thus forcing many tradeoffs to be considered during design. A 32-bit architecture can move more data than a 16-bit architecture in each cycle (thereby making it faster), but the data bus is also twice as wide, which takes up more area on the limited space of a chip. Despite these challenges, continual advances in VLSI design have made it possible for computer processors to steadily grow exponentially more powerful over the past few decades.

</doc>
<doc id="2895348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895348" title="Japanese abbreviated and contracted words">
Japanese abbreviated and contracted words

Abbreviated and contracted words are a common feature of Japanese. Long words are often contracted into shorter forms, which then become the predominant forms. For example, the University of Tokyo, in Japanese becomes , and "remote control", "rimōto kontorōrā" (remote controller), becomes "rimokon". Names are also contracted in this way. For example Takuya Kimura, in Japanese "Kimura Takuya", an entertainer, is referred to as "Kimutaku".
The names of some very familiar companies are also contractions. For example, Toshiba is a contraction of "Tokyo Shibaura", and Nissan is a contraction of "Nippon Sangyo".
The contractions may be commonly used, or they may be specific to a particular group of people. For example the is known as by its employees, but this terminology is not familiar to most Japanese.
Patterns of contraction.
Japanese words are spelled using characters that represent syllables (morae), rather than individual phonetic units (phonemes) as in the English alphabet. These characters are compiled into two syllabaries: hiragana and katakana. Japanese also makes extensive use of adopted Chinese characters, or kanji, which may be pronounced with one or more syllables. Therefore, when a word or phrase is abbreviated, it does not take the form of initials, but the key characters of the original phrase, such that a new word is made, often recognizably derived from the original. In contracted kanji words, the most common pattern of contraction is to take the first kanji of each word in a phrase and put them together as a portmanteau. In the example from the lead, using , the "Tō-" of "Tōkyō" and the "Dai-" of "Daigaku" becomes , the common abbreviation for the University of Tokyo.
There are also instances in which alternative readings of a particular kanji are used in the contraction. For example, Nagoya's main subway station, Nagoya Station, is referred to by locals as , a contraction of , in which the alternative reading of "Na-" (名), the first character in "Nagoya", is used.
In loanwords and names, the most common pattern is to take the first two morae (or kana) of each of the two words, and combine them forming a new, single word. For example "family restaurant" or "famirī resutoran" becomes "famiresu".
Yōon sounds, those sounds represented using a kana ending in "i" and a small "ya", "yu" or "yo" kana, such as "kyo" count as one mora. Japanese long vowels count as two morae, and may disappear (the same can be said for the sokuon, or small "tsu"); Harry Potter, originally "Harī Pottā", is contracted to "Haripota", or otherwise be altered; actress Kyoko Fukada, "Fukada Kyōko", becomes "Fukakyon".
These abbreviated names are so common in Japan that many companies initiate abbreviations of the names of their own products. For example, the animated series "Pretty Cure" marketed itself under the four-character abbreviated name "purikyua".
Created words.
Many abbreviations, especially four-character words, have been created for particular products or TV shows.
Highways and railway lines.
Many highways and railway lines have names that are contractions of the names of their endpoints. For example, (Tomei Expressway) takes one kanji ("tō") from (Tokyo) and the other ("mei") from (Nagoya; its pronunciation changes from the kun'yomi "na" to the on'yomi "mei"). (Tokyu Toyoko Line) links Tokyo and Yokohama, taking part of its name from each city.
Other examples include:
Sometimes names of this type preserve older place names. For instance, the character is taken from the word ("Musashi"), which was once the name of the Japanese province in which the city of Tokyo was located, can still be seen in the company names (Tobu or "East Musashi"), (Seibu or "West Musashi"), and in the (Nanbu Line or "South Musashi Line").
Some other examples:
Single letters as abbreviations.
Many single letters of the Latin alphabet have names that resemble the pronunciations of Japanese words or characters. Japanese people use them in contexts such as advertising to catch the reader's attention. Other uses of letters include abbreviations of spellings of words. Here are some examples:

</doc>
<doc id="2895352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895352" title="Skywald Publications">
Skywald Publications

Skywald Publications was a 1970s publisher of black-and-white comics magazines, primarily the horror anthologies "Nightmare", "Psycho", and "Scream". It also published a small line of comic books and other magazines. 
Skywald's first publication was "Nightmare" #1 (Dec. 1970). The company lasted through the end of 1974 or early 1975, with "Psycho" #24 (March 1975) being its final publication. "Nightmare" published 23 issues and "Scream" put out 11 issues.
History.
Founding.
The company name is a combination of those of its founders, former Marvel Comics production manager Sol Brodsky ("Sky") and low-budget entrepreneur Israel Waldman ("wald"), whose I. W. Publications (also known as Super Comics) in the late 1950s and early 1960s published comic book reprints for sale through grocery and discount stores. Skywald was based in New York City.
Brodsky, who also served as editor, brought in Al Hewetson — briefly an assistant to Marvel chief Stan Lee and a freelancer for the Warren Publishing horror magazines and others — as a freelance writer. "Archaic Al", as he later jokingly called himself in print, quickly became the associate editor, and when Brodsky returned to Marvel after a few months, Hewetson succeeded him as editor. Under Hewetson, the horror magazines attempted a somewhat more literary bent than the twist-ending shockers of early Warren Publishing, the field's leader with such popular titles as "Creepy" and "Eerie." Hewetson called this "the Horror-Mood", and sought to evoke the feel of such writers as Poe, H. P. Lovecraft and Kafka.
Comics professionals who produced work for the Skywald magazines include writers T. Casey Brennan, Gerry Conway, Steve Englehart, Gardner Fox, Doug Moench, Dave Sim, Len Wein, and Marv Wolfman, and artists Rich Buckler, Gene Day Vince Colletta, Bill Everett, Bruce Jones, Pablo Marcos, Syd Shores, Chic Stone, and Tom Sutton. Many who also contributed to rival Warren employed pseudonyms. Future industry star John Byrne published his first professional story, a two-pager written by editor Hewetson, in Skywald's "Nightmare" #20 (August 1974).
In an unusual arrangement, Hewetson managed editorial from his home in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada, though the publisher was based in Manhattan. As he described in 1973,
Non-horror magazines.
Skywald also produced two issues of the magazine "Hell-Rider" (Aug. and Oct. 1971), featuring a vigilante motorcyclist with a flamethrower-equipped bike. The character was created by Gary Friedrich (who would go on to co-create the Marvel motorcyclist "Ghost Rider") with artists Ross Andru (penciler) and Mike Esposito (inker). Backup features were "The Butterfly" and "The Wild Bunch", both written by Friedrich, with art credits disputed by different sources for issue #1; the second-issue "Butterfly" story is credited to penciler Syd Shores and inker Esposito, the second "Wild Bunch" to penciler-inker Rich Buckler.
Another two-issue title, "The Crime Machine", consisted solely of comic-book crime fiction reprints from the 1950s. A remaining title, "Science Fiction Odyssey", was planned for September 1971 publication, but withdrawn; some of its stories eventually appeared in the horror magazines.
The company also published a small number of magazines unrelated to horror or comics. Among these was "Judy Garland" (1970), a "special tribute issue". Hewetson said in 1973, "We produced, when this company began, a production called "The Judy Garland Book" which is the most threatening thing which ever happened to our company. We printed far too many copies and we sold maybe four or five. We lost a lot of money." 
Comic book line.
The short-lived color comic book line, edited by Brodsky, comprised the Western titles "Blazing Six-Guns", "The Bravados", "Butch Cassidy", "The Sundance Kid", and "Wild Western Action"; the romance title "Tender Love Stories"; the horror series "The Heap"; and "Jungle Adventures". These all were combinations of new material and reprints. Contributors, in addition to some of those noted above, included Dick Ayers, Mike Friedrich, Jack Katz, John Severin, and John Tartaglione. Notably, "The Sundance Kid" #1-2 (June–July 1971) contained Jack Kirby Western reprints from "Bullseye" #2-3 (Oct. and Dec. 1954). None of the comics lasted more than three issues.
"The color comics, more or less, broke even," Hewetson said in 1973. "I think we could’ve continued with them to try and establish a color comics area, except for the fact that, at the very same time as Skywald began the color comics, National and Marvel were engaged in a price war which hurt just about everybody."
Skywald's end.
Editor Al Hewetson, in an interview given shortly before his death of a heart attack on Jan. 6, 2004, asserted the demise of Skywald was caused by

</doc>
<doc id="2895369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895369" title="Neerim South">
Neerim South

Neerim South is a town in West Gippsland, Victoria, Australia, located in the Shire of Baw Baw, east of Melbourne and north of Warragul. At the 2006 census, Neerim South and the surrounding area had a population of 1,602.
The Post Office opened on 1 February 1883.
The town was connected to the Victorian Railways network with the opening of a branch line from the main Gippsland line at Warragul on 18 March 1892, later connecting to Noojee in 1919. The line closed in 1958.
The town's main industry is tourism. It contains art galleries, a working Alpaca farm with an Alpaca product shop, cafés, restaurants, a pub and bed and breakfasts. Until 2008, the bakery still cooked bread in the wood-fired oven built in 1880. The area has numerous wineries, and is known for its blue cheese.
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Neerim has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Ellinbank & District Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="2895371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895371" title="Paralogy">
Paralogy

Paralogy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2895374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895374" title="Jim Bob Duggar">
Jim Bob Duggar

James Robert "Jim Bob" Duggar (born July 18, 1965) is an American real estate agent, politician, and television personality on the reality series "19 Kids and Counting". He is a former state legislator who served in the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1999 to 2002.
Biography.
Duggar was born in Springdale, Arkansas, the son of Jimmy Lee Duggar (1936–2009), who operated several local businesses, and Mary Duggar (born 1941), a homemaker and ice cream store owner. Duggar has an older sister, Deanna.
Arkansas House of Representatives.
From 1999 to 2002, Duggar served in the Arkansas House of Representatives for the sixth district, which included part of northern Washington County, Arkansas. Duggar was vice chair of the House Corrections and Criminal Law Subcommittee and also participated in the Insurance and Commerce Committee and Judiciary Committee. 
He also ran in the Republican Party of Arkansas primary election for the United States Senate in 2002, but lost to Tim Hutchinson. Duggar sought the Republican nomination to the Arkansas State Senate District 35 seat in 2006, but lost to candidate Bill Pritchard by 200 votes. He is a licensed realtor, and owns several commercial properties in his local area as an investor.
Marriage and children.
In 1984, he married Michelle Ruark. Jim Bob and Michelle have 19 children: Joshua ("Josh") (b. 1988), twins Jana and John-David (b. 1990), Jill (b. 1991), Jessa (b. 1992), Jinger (b. 1993), Joseph (b. 1995), Josiah (b. 1996), Joy-Anna (b. 1997), twins Jedidiah and Jeremiah (b. 1998), Jason (b. 2000), James (b. 2001), Justin (b. 2002), Jackson (b. 2004), Johannah (b. 2005), Jennifer (b. 2007), Jordyn-Grace (b. 2008), and Josie (b. 2009). The family has been featured on their own hit reality series, "19 Kids and Counting", since September 29, 2008. On November 8, 2011, Michelle announced that she was pregnant with their 20th child, whom they named Jubilee Shalom, but on December 8, 2011, it was announced that she had miscarried. He and his family are Independent Baptist Christians and members of the Institute in Basic Life Principles organization. His oldest daughter, Jana, is a leader at the IBLP's Journey to the Heart youth ministry.
Jim Bob and Michelle have three grandchildren from their eldest child, Josh, and his wife, Anna; daughter Mackynzie (b. 2009), and sons Michael (b. 2011) and Marcus (b. 2013).
Jim Bob and Michelle's second oldest daughter and fourth child, Jill, married Derek Dillard on June 21, 2014. 
Books.
Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar have written two books together, both published by Howard Books. The first is titled "The Duggars: 20 and Counting!", which was released on December 2, 2008. Their second is "A Love That Multiplies", which was released June 7, 2011. Their four oldest daughters, Jana, Jill, Jessa and Jinger, followed in their footsteps by writing a book titled "Growing Up Duggar", which was released March 4, 2014.
Other political activities.
Duggar and his wife endorsed Mike Huckabee in 2008 during his campaign for the Republican Party presidential primaries. In January 2012, the Duggars endorsed former Republican U.S. Senator Rick Santorum for president. In October 2013, the Duggar family began campaigning for Ken Cuccinelli, the unsuccessful Republican gubernatorial candidate in Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2895386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895386" title="Middle English Lyric">
Middle English Lyric

Middle English Lyric is a genre of English Literature, popular in the 14th Century, is characterized by its brevity and emotional expression. Conventionally, the lyric expresses "a moment," usually spoken or performed in the first person. Although some lyrics have narratives, the plots are usually simple to emphasize an occasional, common experience. Even though Lyrics appear individual and personal, they are not "original;" instead, lyrics express a common state of mind. Those states of mind are wide in range. Some deal with religious topics pertaining to Jesus or the Virgin Mary, focusing on Christ's sacrifice and salvation, or Mary's roles as a mother and intercessor. Other religious topics focus on Adam and the Fall, or the necessity of faith. Others are secular, focusing on ale, women, and the simple joys of life. Some are sarcastic, take on satire, humorous, and sometimes even crude.
Origins.
Middle English Lyrics are almost impossible to date accurately. These lyrical traditions could have already been old when they were written down. Since they are thought to have been passed down orally, dating it is complicated further, as we don't know how for how long they had been orally in existence. Scholars believe that the oldest lyric could have dated from as far back as the 12th century, and the newest dating from the 15th century. Other scholars believe that the lyric could have originated from France, as some of the translations closely mirror the French versions. They also draw this conclusion from the comical genres of the secular lyrics: those of good drink and good lovers.
Audience.
Middle English Lyrics were meant to be heard, not read. Keeping in mind an aural audience, the lyric is usually structured with poetic devices: an obvious rhyme scheme, internal rhyme, wordplay, allegory, refrain, and sometimes musical effects. The rhyme scheme primarily functions as a mnemonic device for the audience. The Refrain, however, has several critical functions. The Refrain gives the lyric unity and provides commentary (this is not unlike the bob and wheel found in "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight"). In addition to functioning thematically, the refrain encourages audience to participate in singing the lyric. Finally, Musical Effects also encourage audience participation, and they take the form of rhythms and sounds (for example, onomatopoeia is not an uncommon trope employed). We do not know if they were set to music, but it could be possible, as several include music for accompaniment.
Authorship.
Most Middle English Lyrics are anonymous. Because the lyrics reflect on a sort of "community property" of ideas, the concept of copyrighting a lyric to a particular author is usually inappropriate. Additionally, identifying authors is very difficult. Most lyrics are often un-dateable, and they appear in collections with no apparent organic unity. It is most likely many lyrics that survive today were widely recited in various forms before being written down. Evidence for this appears in a variety of Middle English poetry, especially Geoffrey Chaucer's "The Canterbury Tales". Many of Chaucer's lines bear an uncanny resemblance to Middle English Lyrics. Since these lyrics were written in a clear medieval Latin, scholars infer that these authors were likely clerics, familiar with other languages as well. Since the topics of the lyrics are secular, it is possible that the clerics were not writing the lyrics, but simply writing them down. It has also been inferred that the authors of these lyrics were primarily male. Some lyrics are written in a female voice, but it would be unlikely since those lyrics are written in a harsh satire against women. 
Survival.
Middle English Lyrics were not meant to be read or written down. Consequently, the few that survive are probably a very small sample of lyrics. Surviving Lyrics appear in miscellanies, notably the Harley 2253 manuscript. The lyrics often appear with many other types of works, including writings in other languages.

</doc>
<doc id="2895392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895392" title="Audiation">
Audiation

In the English language, imagination implies a visual mode. Since there was no word similar to imagination for the auditory mode, music education researcher Edwin Gordon coined the word audiation in 1975. Audiation is to sound in the same way that imagination is to images. For example, audiation may involve mentally hearing and comprehending music, even when no physical sound is present. It is a cognitive process by which the brain gives meaning to musical sounds. In essence, audiation of music is analogous to thinking in a language. The term "audiation" should not be confused with audition, the mere perception of sound. Audiation is also more than just a musical form of auditory imagery. Developed audiation includes the necessary understanding of music to enable the conscious prediction of patterns in unfamiliar music and sound. 
According to Gordon:
Although music is not a language, the process is the same for audiating and giving meaning to music as for thinking and giving meaning to speech. When you are listening to speech, you are giving meaning to what was just said by recalling and making connections with what you have heard on earlier occasions. At the same time, you are anticipating or predicting what you will be hearing next, based on your experience and understanding. Similarly, when you are listening to music, you are giving meaning to what you just heard by recalling what you have heard on earlier occasions. At the same time, you are anticipating or predicting what you are hearing next, based on your musical achievement. In other words, when you are audiating as you are listening to music, you are summarizing and generalizing from the specific music patterns you have just heard as a way to anticipate or predict what will follow. Every action becomes an interaction. What you are audiating depends on what you have already audiated. As audiation develops, the broader and deeper it becomes and thus the more it is able to reflect on itself. Members of an audience who are not audiating usually do not know when a piece of unfamiliar, or even familiar, music is nearing its end. They may applaud at any time, or not at all, unless they receive clues from others in the audience who are audiating. Through the process of audiation, we sing and move in our minds, without ever having to sing and move physically. (Gordon, 1997, pp. 5-6)
Teaching audiation.
Audiation is an essential element of Music Learning Theory, a research-based explanation of "how" humans learn music when they learn music. Although the term audiation has so far not entered into common music parlance, it has been gaining acceptance among music educators. Gordon criticizes traditional-minded educators for not directly teaching audiation, which he views as the foundation of musicianship.
In the Kodály method, the term "inner hearing" is regarded by some to be the same process as audiation. The Kodály method suggests the following simple practice technique to develop inner hearing: sing or play a piece of music alternating measures between singing out loud and performing only with inner hearing. For example, a student could sing all the odd numbered measures out loud but all the even numbered measures with inner hearing.
Despite certain similarities between inner hearing within the Kodály Method and audiation, Gordon argues that the two things are not the same. He states: "Although serving as the first step towards developing audiation, imitation should not be confused with audiation itself. Imitation, sometimes called inner hearing, is a product, whereas audiation is a process." (Gordon, 2001, p. 4)
Gordon believes that "most students and probably most musicians memorize a piece of music without being able to audiate it contextually." (2001, p. 5) He suggests that in order to audiate while musicians perform music through imitation, they must be able to do the following: sing what they have played; play a variation of the original melody; play the melody in a different key, tonality, or with alternate fingerings; or demonstrate with body movements the phrases of the melody. According to Gordon, failure to do these things means that "they are not audiating what they have performed." (Gordon, 2001, p. 5) To teach audiation is therefore more than to simply teach imitation or what as also known as "inner hearing".

</doc>
<doc id="2895401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895401" title="Laurea">
Laurea

In Italy, the Iaurea is the main post-secondary academic degree.
The name arises from "laureato", which literally means "crowned with laurel"; and, in this respect, Italian students often wear a laurel wreath right after their official graduation ceremony and during the graduation party.
Former status of the Laurea degree.
Until very recently, "lauree" (plural for "laurea") took much longer to earn than undergraduate degrees elsewhere in Europe and North America. To earn a "laurea", the student had to complete 4 to 6 years of university courses, and also complete a thesis, which in most cases required experimental work. "Laureati" are customarily addressed as "dottore" (for a man) or "dottoressa" (for a woman), i.e. "doctor". 
Until the introduction of the Dottorato di ricerca (PhD-level education) in the mid-1980s, the "laurea" constituted the highest academic degree obtainable in Italy and allowed the holder to access the highest academic careers. Famous scientists Nobel prize winners such as for example Enrico Fermi, Emilio Segrè, Giulio Natta and Carlo Rubbia held a "laurea" as their highest degree. The reason is that the Italian laurea included high-level courses and thesis work which normally were sufficient to prepare for a career in research and academia.
The pre-Bologna Laurea degree (known as "Laurea di Dottore in" and formally named "Diploma di laurea"), is now equivalent by law to the new Italian Master's degree named "Laurea Magistrale". However, in the other countries, the old Laurea is often considered as a Bachelor's degree plus one year research programme (BA (Hon), because of the work carried out for the thesis), whereas in some cases it is regarded as equivalent to a Bachelor's + Master's degree.
Reforms due to the Bologna process.
Spurred by the Bologna process, a major reform was instituted in 1999 to introduce easier university degrees comparable to the bachelors. The ordinary "laurea" was split into undergraduate and postgraduate studies, and their programmes have been reformed.
First cycle: Laurea.
The new Laurea (180 ECTS credits), a first cycle degree that is equivalent to a bachelor's degree, includes bachelor-level courses, simpler than those of the old "laurea", and its normative time to completion is three years (note that In Italy "scuola secondaria superiore" or "Lyceum", high school, takes five years, so it ends at 19 years of age). To earn a "laurea", the student must complete a thesis, but a less demanding one than required for the old "laurea".
Second cycle: Laurea Magistrale.
The new Laurea Magistrale (formerly known as Laurea Specialistica, 2002-2006) is a second cycle degree equivalent to a master's degree (120 ECTS credits) which can be earned in a two-year programme after the laurea and requires an experimental thesis (usually, 150-250 pages).
In some fields (particularly, Medicine, Law, Engineering and Architecture) the "Laurea magistrale a ciclo unico" is awarded. This is a five or six year second cycle (master's) degree (300 or 360 ECTS), which does not require a previous first cycle degree for the admission (like an Integrated Master's degree in the UK).
The Laurea Magistrale should not be confused with the Italian "Master", which is not a Master's degree, but a one-year diploma (60 ECTS) which guarantees a more practical education but does not give access to further levels of studies (it can be considered similar to a Postgraduate diploma). A "I level Master" ("Master di I livello") is a diploma which can be obtained after a Laurea; a "II level Master" ("Master di II livello") can be gained after a Laurea Magistrale and is useful for pursuing further studies (like a Ph.D.) or for professional achievements.
Third cycle: Dottorato di Ricerca.
The Dottorato di ricerca (equivalent to a Doctor of Philosophy) is a third cycle degree which can be undertaken only after achieving a Laurea Magistrale. It was introduced in the mid-1980s and consists of three/four years of Ph.D.-level courses and experimental work, including the final defense of an innovative thesis.
The Dottorato gained popularity very slowly, since only very few positions were made available because of the lacking of funding. Indeed, the Italian Republic has never made the "dottorato di ricerca" a requirement to become professors in the Italian academy. At the beginning of the 2000s, unfunded positions for "dottorato di ricerca" have been made available, thus allowing a wider access to such a degree.
Other than the Ph.D., another third-cycle title is the "Diploma di Specializzazione", gained after a two year (Law, "Diploma di Specializzazione in Professioni legali") or a three-to-six year (Medicine, depending on the particular field) postgraduate school. To attend the school, a Laurea magistrale (in Law or Medicine, respectively) is required. The "Diploma di Specializzazione in Professioni legali" is required to apply as a judge, whereas the Specialisation in a specific medical field is required to be qualified as a Specialised Medical Doctor.

</doc>
<doc id="2895407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895407" title="Forbush decrease">
Forbush decrease

A Forbush decrease is a rapid decrease in the observed galactic cosmic ray intensity following a coronal mass ejection (CME). It occurs due to the magnetic field of the plasma solar wind sweeping some of the galactic cosmic rays away from Earth. The term "Forbush decrease" was named after the American physicist Scott E. Forbush, who studied cosmic rays in the 1930s and 1940s.
Observation.
The Forbush decrease is usually observable by particle detectors on Earth within a few days after the CME, and the decrease takes place over the course of a few hours. Over the following several days, the solar cosmic ray intensity returns to normal. Forbush decreases have also been observed by humans on "Mir" and the International Space Station (ISS), and by instruments onboard "Pioneer 10" and "11" and "Voyager 1" and "2", even past the orbit of Neptune.
The magnitude of a Forbush decrease depends on three factors:
A Forbush decrease is sometimes defined as being a decrease of at least 10% of galactic cosmic rays on Earth, but ranges from about 3% to 20%. Reductions of 30% or more have been recorded aboard the ISS.
The overall rate of Forbush decreases tends to follow the 11-year sunspot cycle. Because it is more difficult to shield astronauts from galactic cosmic rays than from solar wind, it is hypothesized that future astronauts might benefit most from radiation shielding during solar maxima, when CMEs are most prevalent.
Effects on the atmosphere.
A 2009 peer reviewed article found that low clouds contain less liquid water following Forbush decreases, and for the most influential events the liquid water in the oceanic atmosphere can diminish by as much as 7%. Further peer-reviewed work found no connection between Forbush decreases and cloud properties until the connection was found in diurnal temperature range.

</doc>
<doc id="2895408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895408" title="Superior Court of the District of Columbia">
Superior Court of the District of Columbia

The Superior Court of the District of Columbia is the local trial court for the District of Columbia. It hears cases involving criminal and civil law. The court also handles specialized cases in the following areas: family court, landlord and tenant, probate, tax, and traffic offenses. All appeals of Superior Court decisions go to the District of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
The Superior Court was established by the United States Congress as the trial court of general jurisdiction for D.C. in 1970. The Court consists of a chief judge and 61 associate judges. The Court is assisted by the service of 24 magistrate judges, as well as retired judges who have been recommended and approved as senior judges. Judges are appointed to the court by the President of the United States and confirmed by the U.S. Senate for 15-year terms.
In Superior Court, the government is represented by the Office of the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia or the District of Columbia, Office of the Attorney General, depending on the nature and severity of the crime or civil matter.

</doc>
<doc id="2895415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895415" title="Sompou">
Sompou

Sompou was the king of Lan Xang from 1497 until 1500 AD.
Succeeded on the death of his father King La Sen Thai Puvanart in 1495. Reigned under the regency of his uncle, Prince Laksana Vijaya Kumara Phe Sai, until he came of age and assumed sovereign powers, 1497. Deposed by his uncle in 1500.

</doc>
<doc id="2895417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895417" title="Lineage-bonded society">
Lineage-bonded society

A lineage-bonded society is a type of acephalous society predicated on claims of a common ancestor.
A lineage-bonded society is, by population, the smallest classification of acephalous society. Beyond a certain size threshold, claims of common lineage become untenable, and the social ties resulting from those claims destabilize. A lineage-bonded society that outgrows its limits may break apart into subgroups. Such branches would then either become separate lineage-bonded societies, or would merge with a neighboring society. When two lineage-bonded societies merge in such a way, the outcome is a land-bonded society
A lineage-bonded society may harbor a secret society or may be large enough to support age sets but can't sustain both secret societies and age sets, and cannot make the transition to statehood.
This society is similar to a band society.

</doc>
<doc id="2895421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895421" title="Neerim North, Victoria">
Neerim North, Victoria

Neerim North is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Neerim North Road, in the Shire of Baw Baw. 
Neerim North Post Office opened on 25 September 1892 and closed in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="2895443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895443" title="Khai Bua Ban">
Khai Bua Ban

Khai Bua Ban was a king of Lan Xang, ruling from 1433 until 1436.
At the time of his succession, he was governor of Chiengkai. Khai Bua Ban's reign ended after princess Nang Keo Phim Fa ordered his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2895461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895461" title="Visunarat">
Visunarat

Visunarat (Vixun) was the king of Lan Xang from 1500 until 1520.
He was the seventh son of King Sai Tia Kaphut, King of Lan Xang. He was appointed as Governor of Vientiane in 1480 and as Chief Minister with the title of Phya Sena Muang in 1491 with the reign name of Visun (Lightning). He served as Regent for his minor nephew from 1495 to 1497. He deposed his nephew and was proclaimed as King in 1500. He ascended the throne and was crowned King in 1501. His reign was prosperous and peaceful with a large number of shrines and monuments being constructed, including the Maha Vihara of Vat Visun, which he built to house the "palladium" of Luang Prabang, the Maha Pasman, which had been at Vientiane since 1359. A number of important religious texts and literary works were composed or translated into Lao during his reign. He died at Vientiane in 1520.
Literature during his reign.
During his reign, Vixun invited learned monks to stay in Xiang Dong Xiang Thong (Luang Prabang). At that time, Buddhist and Hindu literature were copied and translated. Lao monks extended the "Jatakas" to be the Lao version. The Lao version of "Jatakas" called Ha Sip Xat contains 27 stories which are not in the original "Jatakas." Moreover, the Lao monks produced the Lao version of "Panchatantra" and "Ramayana" which is known as the "Phra Lak Phra Lam."

</doc>
<doc id="2895468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895468" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Kyrgyzstan">
Postage stamps and postal history of Kyrgyzstan

The postal history of Kyrgyzstan began when the nation declared independence in August, 1991. Under the Soviet Union, the Kyrgyz SSR postal service was an integral part of the Soviet system. The republic was periodically recognized in sets of stamps honoring the different parts of the USSR.
First stamps.
Kyrgyzstan issued its first postage stamp on 4 February, 1992, a single design depicting the Sary-Chelek Nature Preserve in Jalal-Abad Province. The country's name was given in both Cyrillic and Latin letters; many Kyrgyz stamps have since done likewise, although the practice is not consistent, with some stamps only inscribed in Cyrillic and others only in Latin.
In April and June 1993, several types of Russian stamps were surcharged in ruble values, followed in August by the first stamps denominated in tyiyn.
Illegal stamps.
Unauthorized stamps have been a problem for this country for several years, with private persons printing labels resembling legitimate Kyrgyz stamps, and selling them to unsuspecting collectors.

</doc>
<doc id="2895471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895471" title="Fumina South, Victoria">
Fumina South, Victoria

Fumina South is a town in Victoria, Australia. Located on Willowgrove Road, in the Shire of Baw Baw, it is an isolated pocket near the foothills of Mount Baw Baw. Fumina South has a population of approximately 50 people, mostly weekend farmers and retirees, although it was once a bustling community with its own post office and school.
The Post Office opened in 1907 as Duggan, was renamed Fumina South in 1925 and closed in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="2895474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895474" title="Legendary Weapons of China">
Legendary Weapons of China

Legendary Weapons of China (aka "Legendary Weapons of Kung Fu") is a 1982 martial arts fantasy film directed by Lau Kar-Leung. It takes place during the late Qing Dynasty when Empress Dowager Cixi dispatches her agents to various factions of the Boxer Rebellion in order find supernatural martial artists that are invulnerable to western bullets. When one of the leaders of these groups disbands his forces, assassins from the remaining factions are sent out to kill him for his apparent treason. As the title of the film suggests, a great variety of fights take place involving the "legendary weapons." 
Although Lau Kar-Leung is known for showing "real Kung-Fu" in his films, he does take some artistic license by incorporating elements of Taoist Maoshan folk magic with hand-to-hand combat. This is similar to what he did in another of film of his, Heroes of the East (or "Challenge of the Ninja"). 
Plot.
After an opening-credits montage of the major players demonstrating their abilities, the story begins and shows different divisions of the anti-foreigner Yi Ho society, a branch of the Boxer movement, practicing different techniques of their "pugilism." Everyone is skilled in kung-fu, but some also use trick weapons and mind control. Ti Hau is a pupil of Master Ti, a high-ranking member. Ti Tan, is a Shaolin monk who has successfully trained his students to resist penetration from swords, but sacrifices them by experimenting with techniques to resist bullets. This appalls his niece, Fang Shao Ching. Lei Ying can control subjects with a voodoo doll and ventriloquism. The society chief, Li, explains that Lei Kung, an old pugilist master who left to form another branch in Yunan, has dissolved that branch and gone into hiding. Lei Kung no longer believes that their martial arts skills can defeat the modern weapons used by the western colonialists. Chief Yi proclaims Lei Kung a traitor to their movement. The chief orders his execution, and claims he can be identified because he enjoys showing off his kung-fu skills.
In Guangdong/Yunan, Ti Hau makes inquiries into the whereabouts of Lei Kung at a popular inn. Also searching is Fang Shao Ching, disguised as a man, and Lei Ying. They are unaware of each other's identities, but observe each other suspiciously. A flamboyant man also shows up and arouses suspicion. Ti Hau and Fang Shao Ching both suspect Lei Ying of being Lei Kung, and sneak into the attic above his room at the inn. They fight in the cramped space as Ti Tan walks into the room below, but he does not see them before they escape.
An old woodcutter, Yu, also arouses Ti Hau's suspicion because of his great strength. Fang Shao Ching distracts Ti Hau and lures him away, and they fight again but must stop in order to hide from Ti Tan. Fang explains to Ti Hau that her and Ti Tan are also Yi Ho members sent to kill Lei Kung, but she maintains her male disguise.
The flamboyant man is a con artist, and is hired by Lei Ying to impersonate Lei Kung. With the help of a team of con men, he publicly demonstrates amazing kung-fu and magical abilities and declares himself to be Lei Kung. Ti Hau follows him and attacks, but Lei Ying takes control of the con artist with a voodoo doll, leading to another fight. Ti Hau realizes it is a fraud, but has alerted Lei Ying to his identity. At the end of the fight, Ti Hau falls into a sewage pond and begins to get sick.
In town, a shopkeeper mistakes Lei Ying for woodcutter Yu, and says they look alike. Fang Shao Ching goes to Yu's house and discovers a hidden set of kung-fu weapons, and finds Yu in town and confronts him. But she reveals that she is on his side, agreeing that the society's pursuit of magical immunity to gunfire is hopeless. However, Yu denies he is Lei Kung.
Ti Hau comes to Yu's house at night to kill him, but is so sick that he collapses. Fang arrives and confronts Yu again, who admits to being Lei Kung. The next day, Lei Ying arrives and fights him, but stops and reveals that they are brothers. He does not want to kill him, is disappointed that Lei Kung's skills have diminished, and suggests he get back in shape.
Under Fang's guidance, Lei Kung practices with his weapons. Ti Hau, who has been bedridden, sees him, but Lei Kung maintains his identity as the woodcutter Yu by saying that he only looks like Lei Kung, and must defend himself. They both discover that Fang is a woman. When Ti Hau regains his strength, he is grateful to Yu for taking care of him and is about to leave, but Ti Tan arrives. Fang and Ti Hau fight him before Yu, now at full power, engages him. He finally admits to everyone that he is Lei Kung, and declares that he has betrayed the Yi Ho society because he does not want to see all his young students die in a futile attempt to fight foreign modern guns and cannon. He disables Ti Tan, who admits defeat and leaves. Ti Hau feels betrayed and also leaves.
That night, Ti Hau's master arrives to kill Lei Kung. Ti Hau also shows up to kill him, but changes his mind. Ti Hau's master admits defeat, suggests Ti Hau stay with Lei Kung, but says he'll return. However, Lei Kung is more worried about Lei Ying. He reveals that his brotherly concern was a charade, and that brothers in his clan are mortal enemies.
The next day, Lei Kung dresses in ceremonial garb and arrives at a temple with Ti Hau, Fang Shao Ching, and a full set of weapons. Lei Ying is waiting, and reveals his plan. He wanted Lei Kung to regain his expertise and kill the other assassins. Then Lei Ying could avoid fighting others and concentrate on Lei Kung, killing him and elevating his position in their clan and Yi Ho society. After an 8-minute duel showcasing most of the 18 weapons and hand-to-hand combat, Lei Kung demonstrates that he could win if he wanted to. But instead, he leaves Lei Ying to his disgrace.
The Eighteen Weapons.
These weapons are revealed in a series of duels between key characters. When first used, the name of the weapon appears on the screen. Weapons 1 – 5 are used by Ti Hau’s clan master, Ti Hau himself, and Lei Kung during a failed assassination attempt on the latter. Weapons 6 – 18 are used by Lei Kung and Lei Ying during their final battle. As combat progresses, the brothers constantly change weapons as each new choice seemingly defeats the techniques of that previously used. For example, 7 defeats 6, but 8 defeats 7. 
In other media.
Wu-Tang Clan named their 2011 compilation, Legendary Weapons, in honor of the film. The film's English dub was heavily sampled throughout the album as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2895478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895478" title="Ethan Kaplan">
Ethan Kaplan

Ethan Kaplan is an Assistant Professor of Economics at the University of Maryland. Before that, he was a Visiting Assistant Professor of Economics at the University of California, Berkeley and an Assistant Professor of Economics at the Institute for International Economic Studies at Stockholm University in Sweden. He received his Ph.D. in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley in 2005, his M.A. in Development economics from Stanford University in 1999 and his B.A. in History from UC Berkeley in 1992. A working paper authored by Kaplan and Stefano DellaVigna (also of the University of California at Berkeley) examining the impact of Fox News Channel on electoral outcomes received significant attention after being cited by Alan Krueger in a "New York Times" op-ed. In 2007, Kaplan and Stefano DellaVigna published their findings in the "Quarterly Journal of Economics", finding that Fox News had a mild but statistically significant effect in boosting Republican vote share. 

</doc>
<doc id="2895480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895480" title="Daren Ganga">
Daren Ganga

Daren Ganga (born 14 January 1979) is a West Indian cricketer of East Indian descent. He is a right-handed top order batsman and part-time right-arm offbreak bowler. After debuting as a 19-year old he has found himself in and out of the West Indies team, playing regularly for and at times captaining the West Indies A side when he was not selected. After being named the 2006 West Indies Players' Association 'Test player of the year', Ganga had for the first time in his career cemented his spot in the side and when captain Ramnaresh Sarwan injured his shoulder in the second Test of their 2007 tour of England, the West Indies Cricket Board turned to Ganga to captain the side for the remainder of the series. Ganga has previously had a chance to hone his leadership from captaining the Trinidad and Tobago and the West Indies Under-23 teams. He can also bowl off spin bowling but he is mainly a batsman.
Debut season for Trinidad.
Ganga made his first-class debut for Trinidad and Tobago on 21 February 1997, against Guyana at Queen's Park Oval aged 18. His teammates included Phil Simmons, Brian Lara, Mervyn Dillon and Ian Bishop. He only managed one half century in the series, an innings of 54 against Guyana. The following season in the West Indies Board president’s Cup 1997/98 he made his breakthrough. After making 68 against Jamaica earlier in the series but nothing else substantial, he came into Trinidad and Tobago’s final game needing a big score. Playing against Barbados, Ganga batted at number 4 and came in with his side in trouble at 3 for 33. He top scored with 138 and helped his country win the game by 1 wicket. 
In August 1998, Ganga was named in the West Indies squad for their tour of South Africa. At the age of 19 he was the youngest Trinidad and Tobago player in 35 years to make the Test side. He made a half century in their opening warm up game against Griqualand West but failed against Border and South Africa.
Test career.
Early international career.
Ganga was named in the side for the 3rd Test at Durban and batted at 6, behind established players like Lara, Hooper and Chanderpaul. In the first innings he made 28 from 94 balls before being bowled by Shaun Pollock. He made 5 in the second and the South Africans won by 9 wickets. Scores of 17 and 16 came from Ganga in the following Test and after 4 Test innings he had been dismissed by Shaun Pollock on every occasion. Ganga kept his spot in the side for the 5th and final Test and opened the batting with Philo Wallace. He again struggled again Pollock, falling to him in both innings, first for a duck and then for 9.
After returning home he had a disappointing domestic season in 1998/99 where he made just the one score above 50. He played for the West Indies Board President's XI against the touring Australians but was not selected to play in the Test series.
In November 1999 Ganga represented the West Indies A in a game against India A before touring New Zealand. He toured New Zealand with the West Indies in December and despite making a hundred against Auckland he did not play a Test.
He appeared just once for Trinidad in 1999/2000 and captained the West Indies Under-23 side in a game against Pakistan in April. Although he failed to make double figures in the match he got another chance against them two weeks later when he got selected for the West Indies A. He made a pair of 50's and after again playing for the West Indies A, this time against South Africa, he got recalled to the West Indies squad for a tour of Australia in 2000/01. Opening the batting he had a steady, but unspectacular tour. In 4 Tests he managed a top score of just 32.
2001 to 2003.
In July 2001 Ganga toured Zimbabwe with the West Indies. He had been in good form in domestic cricket for Trinidad and Tobago, scoring a century in his opening game against Barbados and making 80 against South Africa for the Busta Cup XI. The Zimbabwean tour was a success for Ganga, he started with 79 against Zimbabwe A and in the 1st Test at Bulawayo he passed 50 for the first time in Test cricket, finishing with 89. The tour concluded with a stop over in Kenya where they played 3 ODI games and a couple of first-class fixtures. Ganga made a century in the second of the two first-class games.
Later in the year the West Indies toured Sri Lanka and after contributing 47 and 33 in the 1st Test he made just 24 runs from his 4 innings in the final two Tests.
In 23 Test innings he had managed a highest score of 89 and a second highest of just 47 so when a Test series scheduled against Pakistan followed the Sri Lanka series in January 2002 he was perhaps fortunate to be included in the squad. The series took place at Sharjah due to security reasons and in the 2nd Test Ganga made 65 in the first innings.
Ganga was dropped from the team for their home series against India and was on the sidelines until a tour of Bangladesh in December. He played in both Tests, making 63 in the second and then enjoyed a full season with Trinidad and Tobago, something he had previously been unable to do due to commitments with West Indies A and under age sides.
Breakthrough against Australia.
Australia toured the West Indies in April and May 2003. With the Australian team missing Shane Warne and without Glenn McGrath for most of the series, Ganga made his maiden Test century in the 1st Test at Georgetown. He batted at number 3 and made 113 before being dismissed by Darren Lehmann. 
The next Test was at his home ground, Queen's Park Oval in Trinidad. In good batting conditions the Australians had put on 576 runs in their first innings and the West Indies, having lost opener Devon Smith for a duck were staring down the barrel when Ganga came to the crease. In an innings which took 326 minutes, Ganga scored 117 and completed his second Test century in two innings against the Australians.
Recent career.
Ganga returned to the African continent in 2003/04 for a Test series against both Zimbabwe and South Africa. He struggled in his 4 Tests in South Africa despite making 60 in his opening innings. Makhaya Ntini dismissed him 6 times and he finished the series with 122 runs.
Back home, in April 2004 he took part in his first series against England. He took part in the 3rd and 4th Tests without success and again lost his place in the team. He did not play any more cricket until the 2004/05 domestic season where he made 610 runs and captined Trinidad and Tobago to Carib Beer Cup triumph. 265 of them came in a single innings, against the Leeward Islands. In July 2005, he was voted Trinidad and Tobago's Cricketer of the Year. It was not enough to earn him a Test recall but he got to captain the A team in a series against Sri Lanka A which included a century and a 99.
His recall finally came in March 2006 with a tour of New Zealand. He made 95 in the 1st Test at Auckland, missing out on his hundred when he was caught off the bowling of Nathan Astle. The following month he was one of six players shortlisted for the captaincy of the West Indies cricket team. The other candidates were Denesh Ramdin, Chris Gayle, Ramnaresh Sarwan, Sylvester Joseph, and Brian Lara. They opted for the experience of Lara and Sarwan was chosen as vice captain.
In June the West Indies played a Test series at home against India and Ganga put in a Man of the Match performance in the 3rd Test at Basseterre, St Kitts and Nevis. Opening the batting he made a career best 135 in the first innings and followed it up with an unbeaten 66 to help his side draw the Test. 
His good form continued on the tour of Pakistan later in the year where he made a pair of 80's. He returned home and made 3 hundreds for Trinidad and Tobago, including one in the final against Barbados.
Ganga was not selected for the World Cup which was held in the Caribbean in March and April 2007 but was chosen to tour England with the West Indies following the tournament, in May 2007. With Brian Lara having retired, and after leading his country to two consecutive Carib Beer Cup titles, Ganga was appointed West Indies vice captain.
Test statistics.
By opponent:
Test centuries:

</doc>
<doc id="2895481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895481" title="Wisden Trophy">
Wisden Trophy

The Wisden Trophy is awarded to the winner of the Test cricket series played between England and the West Indies. It was first awarded in 1963 to commemorate the hundredth edition of Wisden Cricketers' Almanack. Series are played in accordance with the International Cricket Council's future tours programme, with varying lengths of time between tours. If a series is drawn then the country holding the Wisden Trophy retains it.
The trophy is named after the famous cricketing publisher Wisden and was presented by John Wisden & Co after gaining the approval of the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB). The Wisden Trophy is presented to the victorious team as a symbol of its victory, but then returns to the MCC Museum at Lord's. Since the 2000 Wisden Trophy series, the Malcolm Marshall Memorial Trophy has been awarded to the leading wicket taker in the series.
England currently hold the trophy. They held the trophy for nine years, after beating the West Indies 3–1 to regain it in 2000; they successfully defended the trophy three times. West Indies regained the trophy in the most recent series in the West Indies, winning 1–0, in early 2009. It was originally planned to consist of four Test matches. However an extra match was arranged when the second Test had to be abandoned after only a few overs play because the ground was unfit. England regained the trophy in May 2009, winning a two Test series 2–0. The tour, coming uncommonly soon after England toured the West Indies, replaced the previously announced tour by Sri Lanka, which in turn was arranged to replace the originally scheduled tour by Zimbabwe.
Trophies.
Wisden Trophy.
In 1963 John Wisden & Co. Ltd, with the approval of the MCC and the WICB, presented the first Wisden Trophy, to be contested in a similar manner to the Ashes.
The trophy is around 30 centimetres high, and a similar distance across its base. At the centre is an image of John Wisden. To Wisden's left is a smaller figure of a batsman taking guard, while to Wisden's right is a bowler in his delivery stride. Directly below Wisden is a plaque, on either side of which are the emblems of the English and West Indian teams. The plaque reads: 
Malcolm Marshall Memorial Trophy.
Named after the West Indian bowler Malcolm Marshall, this trophy has been awarded to the leading wicket taker of the series since 2000. The player who wins it also receives £1,360, but if he surpasses Marshall's record of 35 wickets set in 1988 he stands to earn £34,000. The table below lists all the players who have won this trophy.
History.
1963 Inaugural trophy.
With the growing Caribbean following in England, the West Indies entered the series as one of the most popular touring nations. Lance Gibbs' 11 wickets at Old Trafford set up a commanding 10 wicket win for the West Indies. The second match at Lord's was chiefly remembered for its dramatic ending; all results were possible going into the final over of the match. England required eight runs to win but only had two wickets left. From the fourth ball of the over Derek Shackleton was run out, which meant that Colin Cowdrey had to come out with a broken arm with two balls of the match remaining. He did not have to face a ball, and the match ended in a draw. The third Test saw Fred Trueman claim 12 wickets ensuring England won by 217 runs. Charlie Griffith's 6/36 in the fourth and Conrad Hunte's 108 in the final Test meant the West Indies won the next two Tests and the series finished 3–1. The final Test saw a pitch invasion when Basil Butcher scored the winning runs for the West Indies.
As a result of the great success of this series, England's future home Test program was revised so that the West Indies could return in 1966, much earlier than originally planned. This was done by introducing "twin tours", in which two countries would each play three Tests against England in the course of a season.
1966 Garry Sobers' series.
Garry Sobers was the captain for the West Indies, while England had three captains: Mike Smith (first Test), Cowdrey (second-fourth Test) and Brian Close (fifth Test) during the five Test series. The West Indies team was not as strong as in the previous series, but many of their deficiencies were glossed over by Sobers' exceptional all-round performance. He scored centuries in three Test matches and claimed five wicket innings hauls in two Tests.
The first Test went to the West Indies with England succumbing in both innings to Gibbs who claimed 10 wickets in the Test. Butcher’s 209 ensured the West Indies won the third to lead the series 2–0. The fourth Test saw Sobers' best performance, where he scored 174 runs and followed this up by taking 5/41 to give his team a 3–0 lead into the final Test. England gained a consolation victory, largely due to Tom Graveney’s 165 and a 128 tenth wicket partnership.
The main difference between the two teams was the outstanding all-round performance of Sobers, who scored 722 runs at an average of 103.14, as well as taking 20 wickets and taking 10 catches.
1967–69 Early series.
This was the first of the Wisden Trophy series to take place in the West Indies. The series showed a more sinister side of the West Indies, with a riot occurring in the drawn second Test and the English team being attacked at the conclusion of the final Test.
Despite these problems England were largely the better team, with Cowdrey’s leadership, Geoffrey Boycott’s batting and a weakened West Indian attack being the difference between the sides.
After a drawn first Test the second match was a game of two halves. England developed a 233 run lead at the half way stage and had the West Indies on 204/5 when Butcher was caught. This dismissal caused a riot and from this point onwards England struggled with the spin bowling of Sobers and Gibbs, narrowly avoiding defeat by two wickets. The third Test saw another drawn match due to the slow batting of the West Indies, taking over two days to score 349 runs which included a spell of four runs in one hour. England took a 1–0 lead after the fourth Test, in a game that they seemed least like winning. The win was mainly due to Sobers' decision to declare on 92/2 in the West Indies second innings. Good batting by Alan Knott and a 127 sixth wicket partnership ensured the final game ended in a draw as England maintained their 1–0 lead to win the series.
The 1969 tour was a three Test series. The captains were Ray Illingworth for England and Sobers for the West Indies. The West Indies had an ageing team and, with Sobers suffering a loss of form, were always the weaker side.
England won the first Test with John Snow and David Brown claiming 13 wickets between them. A draw followed in Lord's, but England won the final match in a dramatic fashion. The West Indies in a seemingly strong position of 219/3 required 84 runs for victory. They suffered a late innings collapse however as Butcher, Sobers and Lloyd fell within 16 minutes, which ultimately led to England winning by 30 runs to win the series 2–0. It seemed that England would begin to dominate the West Indies, with many of the key West Indian players such as Butcher, Wes Hall and Charlie Griffith retiring in 1969. Illingworth would be the last England captain to win the Wisden Trophy for 31 years.
1973–74 West Indies revival.
This three Test series saw the West Indies re-establish themselves as the superior team. They won the first Test at The Oval by 158 runs, with Clive Lloyd's 132 with the bat and Keith Boyce's bowling (147/11 in the match) being the main contributions to the win. The drawn match at Edgbaston was at risk of being abandoned when umpire Arthur Fagg threatened to withdraw after Kanhai disputed one of his decisions. The final Test match at Lord's was dominated by the West Indies, with the team posting a huge total of 652/8 before declaring, Kanhai, Sobers and Bernard Julien all getting centuries. England never looked liked matching this total, and were dismissed for 233 in the first innings and 193 in the second, losing by an innings and 226 runs. This was England's second biggest defeat in Test cricket. The series finished 2–0 to the West Indies, who regained the Wisden Trophy.
The 1974 series in the West Indies was of five Tests. The West Indian team were regarded as the better side, and for them to only draw the series was a surprise. After they won the first Test it had seemed that the series would become a one-sided contest. This Test was notable for a controversial Alvin Kallicharran run out that triggered protests. England managed to secure draws in the next three Tests, thanks to Dennis Amiss' 262 in the second Test and Keith Fletcher's 129 in the third, while rain prevented a result in the fourth Test. The last match at Queen's Park Oval was a close game, with England winning by 26 runs, primarily due to Tony Greig taking 13 wickets bowling off-spin and Boycott scoring 212 runs in the match. England thereby levelled the series, which finished 1–1.
1976 Viv Richards' series.
England entered the series with great confidence, with English captain Greig saying that he had the players to make the West Indians "grovel". This threat proved to be an empty one, as it soon became apparent that England had no answer to Viv Richards' batting and Michael Holding's bowling.
The first two Tests ended in draws, but from the third Test onwards the West Indies took full control, with Richards scoring 524 runs in the last three Tests. He was supported by Holding, who took 25 wickets over these three Tests, including 5/17 in the third Test and 14/149 in the final Test. The West Indies won the series 3–0.
The series is mainly remembered for Richards' batting. He scored 829 runs at an average of 118.42 over four Test matches. In either the fourth or fifth Test in this series TMS commentator Brian Johnston allegedly said:
when describing the West Indian bowler Holding bowling to English batsmen Peter Willey. There are no records, according to Wisden, of Johnston or any other commentator saying this. Other sources have stated that Johnston had indeed said this and had prepared the line before saying it.
1980–81 A new era.
The late 70s and 80s was a golden era for the West Indies cricket team, with the team dominating all forms of cricket. The West Indies came into the 1980 series after recently winning the 1979 Cricket World Cup. They were generally regarded as the best team at Test level, and would lose only eight Test matches during the 1980s.
Ian Botham captained the England team while Lloyd skippered the West Indies in this five Test series. In a series that was hampered by rain, the only match to produce a positive result was the first Test at Trent Bridge. It was a close contest, with a dramatic ending which saw six dropped catches and the West Indies requiring 208 runs in the final 8 hours of play. The West Indies achieved this target with 2 wickets in hand, largely due to Desmond Haynes' 64. 
England went to the West Indies for the 1981 five Test series. This became four Tests after the second Test abandonment caused by Robin Jackman's visa being revoked by the Guyanese Government due to his involvement with South Africa's apartheid regime.
The series was dominated by the West Indies bowlers Holding and Colin Croft, who claimed 41 wickets between them in the series. England suffered an innings defeat in the first Test, and lost the third by 298 runs as they failed to register an innings of over 250 in the first three Tests. Strong batting performances and rain enabled England to draw the final two Tests, and so the series ended 2–0 to the West Indies.
1984–86 "Blackwash" series.
The "blackwash" series occurred in 1984 and 1985–86. The West Indies beat England 5–0 in both series in a whitewash that was dubbed "blackwash". The first blackwash occurred in England and the second in the West Indies. Instrumental in these wins were Richards' batting and the bowling partnership of Malcolm Marshall and Joel Garner, which claimed 105 of the 200 England wickets to fall in the two series. Many players from the West Indies had taken part in the so-called Supertests a few years earlier and as a result they were arguably fitter and better prepared due to having faced stronger opposition. The captains for these series were Lloyd and Richards for the West Indies, and David Gower, who had the ignominy of leading England to ten consecutive defeats against the men from the Caribbean.
The 1984 series began with Andy Lloyd being hit on the head, resulting in his being hospitalised. This would prove to be a common theme throughout the series, as the English batsmen struggled to cope with the West Indies bouncers. Whenever England threatened, a West Indian player would step up and take control of the match, as when Gordon Greenidge scored 214 after an England declaration to win the second Test. The series was decided at Leeds, where the West Indies gained an unassailable 3–0 lead. The final Test at The Oval saw the West Indies record the only whitewash by a visiting nation in a five Test series. This was the fifth whitewash in Test cricket and the first to be inflicted on England in England.
The 1985–86 series in the West Indies ended in another whitewash with the West Indies winning each Test comfortably, the closest match being a seven wicket victory. Like the previous series the English batsmen provided little resistance against the West Indian bowlers with only Gower averaging above 30. Poor performances from Botham and Mike Gatting's injury ensured an easy series win for the West Indies. England’s attitude also played a part in their defeat with big players such as Gower and Botham showing a certain reluctance to net training. The then chairman of selectors Peter May questioned the team's attitude and called for greater resolve, a view that seemed to be shared by the general public at the time.
The West Indies won the first two Tests in a similar manner with England struggling with the bowling of Patrick Patterson and Marshall. By the third Test, England’s morale had dipped and they suffered an innings defeat which was largely due to their third day's performance losing 15 wickets for 201. A ten wicket defeat followed in the fourth while Richards produced the fastest century in Test cricket in the final Test. He reached his hundred in only 56 balls to confirm the West Indies superiority. As a result the West Indies had won ten consecutive Tests against England, and were the second team after Australia to achieve multiple home whitewashes in five Test series.
1988 Summer of four captains.
This tour saw the beginning of a bowling partnership between Courtney Walsh and Curtly Ambrose that would trouble batsmen across the world for the next 12 years. England, on the other hand, had entered the series with low expectations and confidence. This was reflected in their team selections, with 23 players being used during the series.
England had four captains in Gatting, John Emburey, Chris Cowdrey and Graham Gooch, but each Test ended in West Indian dominance. They won each match except the first Test, which was drawn because of rain, and the series finished 4–0. The West Indies pace attack was the main difference between teams with Marshall being the most dangerous bowler, taking 35 wickets at an average of 12.65. This included a 7/22 in the third Test which he bowled with a broken left hand. Marshall was supported by Ambrose's bowling which yielded 22 wickets. After this series both teams would go into decline. Many of the great West Indian players such as Richards and Marshall would soon retire, and their dominance of the Test stage was nearing its end.
1989–91 England close the gap.
Throughout the late 70s and 80s, many of the series between the West Indies and England had been dominated by the West Indies who had won fourteen of the fifteen Tests, often by large margins. The next two series in 1989–90 season and 1991 would prove to be closer contests.
A 1989–90 series of two halves saw England close to taking a shock 2–0 lead in the series, only to be denied by a wet afternoon at Queens Park Oval. Injuries to their key bowler, Angus Fraser, and batsman, Gooch, changed the course of the series dramatically however, as the West Indies fought back to win the next two Tests, thanks to the pace attack of Ambrose and Ian Bishop. They eventually won the series 2–1. An infamous incident occurred in the fourth Test of the series, when Rob Bailey was given out by umpire Lloyd Barker, who had allegedly been intimidated by Richards' appeal.
Notable debutants in this series were Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain, who both made their debuts in the first Test. Alec Stewart was not England's wicket-keeper in this Test series, as Jack Russell kept wicket.
A decline in the West Indies batting line-up coupled by the loss of Greenidge ensured this series would be a closer contest. The tour was Richards' last, as he retired at the end of the fifth Test. Graeme Hick and Mark Ramprakash made their debuts in the first Test at Headingley.
England won the first Test largely thanks to Gooch's 154 in the second innings. This innings was rated by Wisden as the third greatest Test innings ever. After the second Test had been drawn, the West Indies won the next two matches due to Ambrose's eight wickets in the third and Richie Richardson's century in fourth match. Phil Tufnell and Robin Smith played key roles in the final Test, as England won by five wickets after forcing the West Indies to follow-on for the first time in six years, to level the series 2–2. In this Test commentator Jonathan Agnew famously described Botham's hit wicket dismissal by saying:
1994 Lara enters the world stage.
The series was characterised by the opening pair of Stewart and new England captain Michael Atherton, which provided the greatest resistance against the West Indian attack of Ambrose and Walsh. The pair scored 987 runs in the series while Ambrose ended the series with 26 wickets at an average of 19.96 and was awarded man of the series.
After England lost the first three Tests (which included a 46 all out in the second innings of the third Test) there was talk of another blackwash series. England secured a victory in the fourth Test however, with Stewart’s two centuries and Fraser’s eight wickets being the main contributors to the win. This was the first time in 59 years that a visiting nation had won at the Kensington Oval. The main highlight of the series was to come in the final Test at Antigua, where Brian Lara broke Sobers' Test world record score of 365 not out, set 36 years earlier, by scoring 375. Lara was congratulated by Sobers, who was present on the ground to see his record broken.
In the end Lara scored an exceptional 798 runs at an average of 99.75. Two months later Lara would go on to break the first-class batting record of 499 runs by scoring 501 not out against Durham at Edgbaston. 
Shivnarine Chanderpaul made his Test debut in the second Test of the series, when he made his maiden half-century. Chanderpaul was Lara's last batting partner when he made his record-breaking 375, scoring 75 not out himself and combining in a 219 fifth wicket partnership.
1995–98 Six Test series.
Both teams were evenly matched, with the West Indies not the force they had been, and England on the rise. The key players for the West Indies were Lara, Walsh and Bishop while England had a strong opening pair of Atherton and Graham Thorpe plus the young Dominic Cork who would be decisive in England's two Test victories in this series.
The West Indies' inconsistent performances saw them dominate one Test, only to play poorly and lose the next. Bishop's and Walsh’s combined 26 wickets in the first and third Tests ensured the West Indies won these matches by commanding margins. Cork contributed greatly to England’s second and fourth Test victories, taking 7/43 in the second Test and a hat-trick in the fourth in claiming the wickets of Richardson (bowled), Junior Murray (LBW) and Carl Hooper (LBW). The remaining two Tests were dominated by the batsmen, with five centuries being scored. The series finished 2–2, with the West Indies retaining the trophy.
The men of the series were Atherton for England and Lara for the West Indies. The latter made 765 runs at an average of 85. Cork made his debut in the second Test, where he achieved the best bowling figures for an English debutant. Nick Knight's debut came in the fourth Test of series.
An ageing West Indian team relied increasingly on Ambrose and Walsh to provide wickets, while Lara was seen as the primary source of runs. Angus Fraser played an important role for England, and when his form dipped in the later Tests the side's performance suffered.
The series started in a controversial fashion, with the first Test at Sabina Park being abandoned after the pitch was deemed to be too dangerous due to its highly irregular bounce. As a result of this abandoned match, an additional match was arranged with the series thereby being extended to six Tests. Two close matches followed, after which the teams were level at 1–1. England faded in the second half of the series. The West Indies scored two decisive victories, winning the fourth by 242 runs and the last by an even wider margin of an innings and 52 runs, to take the series 3–1.
2000 England regain the trophy.
Jimmy Adams was selected as the West Indies captain, while Hussain captained the England side. This five Test series was to be Ambrose's last. It was dominated by the ball, with a bowler claiming a five wicket haul on seven occasions, while there were only three centuries.
The West Indies started well, winning the first Test comfortably by an innings and 93 runs, and led by 133 runs after the first innings of the second Test. The turning point came in the second innings of this match, as the West Indies were bowled out for 54 (this was their third lowest innings at the time). England won this Test, and they seized the initiative in the series by winning the fourth and fifth Tests thanks to Andrew Caddick’s four wicket over and Atherton’s century, to regain the Wisden Trophy 3–1 after a period of 31 years.
Notable debutants were Matthew Hoggard and Marcus Trescothick, in the second and third Tests respectively. Trescothick had the highest batting average for any player in the series, with 47.50.
2003–04 Lara's 400.
England came to the West Indies for their first defence of the Wisden Trophy. The recently appointed captain for England was Michael Vaughan, Hussain having stepped down a few months previously. Lara led the West Indies challenge.
The series was dominated by England's bowling attack of Stephen Harmison and Hoggard. Harmison's bowling figures of 7/12 (which were the best achieved in Sabina Park Tests) were the main cause of the West Indian second innings collapse to 47 all out in the first Test. This was the lowest innings for West Indies at Test level. This pattern was repeated in the third Test, where the West Indies produced a good first innings only to bat poorly in the second. This was partly due to Hoggard's hat-trick of Ramnaresh Sarwan (caught), Chanderpaul (LBW) and Ryan Hinds (caught). The West Indies were facing a whitewash going into the final Test at Antigua, and were accused by Sobers of underestimating the English bowlers. The fourth Test saw Lara come to the crease with the score at 33/1. He stayed for 778 minutes and faced 582 balls in the process of making his world record Test innings of 400 not out, before declaring at 751/5. It was not enough for victory and the game ended in a draw. As a result of this drawn match Lara was criticised by Ricky Ponting who stated that the whole West Indies first innings revolved around Lara's score who let the Test match slip for his own personal gain. The series finished 3–0 to England.
2004–2009 English dominance.
England dominated the 2004 series and claimed the first English whitewash in the Wisden Trophy's history. England won each Test comfortably, as the West Indian bowlers struggled to get wickets. Only Chris Gayle and Dwayne Bravo had bowling averages lower than 30. This whitewash meant that England had won seven consecutive Tests for the first time in 75 years. The series was the beginning of a run that would see England win the Ashes the following year.
Andrew Flintoff was the leading performer for England, averaging 64.50 with the bat and claiming 14 wickets. Ashley Giles was the leading wicket taker in the series with 22. This series saw Ian Bell make his Test debut in the final Test of the series, where he compiled his maiden half-century. The main highlights for the West Indies were Chanderpaul's batting performance in scoring 437 runs at an average of 72.83, the highest in the series, and Bravo's 16 wickets.
With the recent retirement of Lara, Sarwan became the captain of the West Indies. Sarwan injured himself while fielding in the second Test, and the captaincy was given to Daren Ganga. Andrew Strauss was England skipper for the first Test, after which Vaughan returned from injury to lead for the remaining Tests.
England were largely the better team and, if not for the resilient batting of Chanderpaul, they would have won by an even larger margin. The West Indies suffered greatly from his absence in the second Test, losing the match by an innings and 283 runs, their biggest defeat in Test history. England retained the Wisden trophy at Old Trafford by taking an unbeatable 2–0 lead, They ultimately won the series 3–0.
Chanderpaul, who was named the West Indian player of the series, scored 446 runs at an average of 148.66. Bravo also impressed with his all-round performance in claiming 6 wickets, scoring 291 runs and taking 7 catches. England saw the emergence of Matthew Prior, who became the first English wicket-keeper to score a Test century on debut. Monty Panesar claimed the most wickets (23) and received the award of the Englishman of the series, while Ryan Sidebottom took 16 wickets.
2009–present West Indies regains, then loses the trophy.
Despite England going into the series as the favourites, West Indies won the series 1–0 after winning the first match at Sabina Park. The remaining matches all ended in draws. The series was originally intended as a four Test series; however the abandonment of the Second Test due to the conditions of the field at the SVR Stadium in Antigua led to the rapid inclusion of an additional game staged at the Antigua Recreation Ground, resulting in a five, rather than four match Test series.
In a two-match series that replaced the originally scheduled tour by Zimbabwe, and the previously announced tour by Sri Lanka, England regained the Wisden Trophy with a 2–0 win.
Summary of results.
A team must win a series to hold the Wisden Trophy. A drawn series results in the previous holders retaining the trophy. To date, a total of 23 Wisden Trophy series have been played, with West Indies winning 13 and England 6. The remaining 3 series were drawn, with West Indies retaining the Wisden Trophy on each occasion (1973–74, 1991 and 1995). In the series' 44-year history the Wisden Trophy has changed hands on five occasions (1968, 1973, 2000 and twice in 2009) with England regaining the trophy in 1968, 2000 and May 2009, while the West Indies regained it in 1973 and April 2009.
105 Test matches have been played, with West Indies winning 43 times, England 28 times, and 34 matches being drawn. Brian Lara is the top scorer in the Wisden Trophy series with 2983 runs, while Curtly Ambrose is the leading wicket taker with 164 wickets.
Match venues.
The series usually alternates between England and West Indies, and within each country each of the matches is held at the following grounds.
In England the grounds used have been Old Trafford (since 1963), Lord's (1963), Edgbaston (1963), Headingley (1963), The Oval (1963), Trent Bridge (1966) and Riverside Ground (2007).
In the West Indies the grounds used have been Queen's Park Oval (since 1968), Sabina Park (1968), Kensington Oval (1968), Bourda (1968), Antigua Recreation Ground (1981) and Sir Vivian Richards Stadium (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="2895491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895491" title="Laasaenthai Bouvanaat">
Laasaenthai Bouvanaat

Laasaenthai Bouvanaat was the king of Lan Xang from 1485 until 1495. Succeeded his older brother King Suvarna Banlang
Laasaenthai the six son of King Sai Tia Kaphut, Governor of Nongkai before his accession. Succeeded on the death of his childless elder brother, 1486. Crowned in 1491. He enjoyed peaceful relations with his neighbours in Annam and cultivated good relations with Ayudhya, spending much of his time contemplating religious and legal matters, furthering the spread of Buddhism and building monuments. Succeeded by his only Son Prince Sompou.

</doc>
<doc id="2895498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895498" title="David Phinney">
David Phinney

David Phinney is an award-winning journalist and broadcaster based in Washington, D.C., whose work has appeared on United States Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) and American Broadcasting Company (ABC) as well as in the Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, Miami Herald, the Hearst-owned San Francisco Examiner, Wired, Salon.com and many other news organizations.
His stories on unfair labor practices and poor treatment of foreign worked contracted to do construction work in Iraq have been the subject of congressional inquiries, ongoing US Justice Department criminal probes and investigations by US Inspectors General. In 2007 his story appeared on the Project Censored list.
In addition to documentary work and on-air reporting, Phinney has been frequently a guest and analyst for BBC, cable news programs and radio. His work includes political coverage, national affairs, terrorism and security. He has consulted with reporters and producers on stories for ABC, NBC, CBS, BBC, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post and many major news outlets. His articles have been translated into a dozen different languages for distribution.
Phinney graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a dual major in English and Political Science. He began his journalism career as a music and film critic and by writing frequent humorous sketches about local personalities and events in the San Francisco Bay Area.
A one-time publishing executive and editor, he co-founded Bay City Publications in the San Francisco Bay Area, publisher of Bay City Business Journal and the Emeryville Guardian and other ventures. The two publications became widely recognized for award-winning investigative work that exposed political corruption and real estate scandals in California. The effort triggered a five-year federal grand jury investigation and was reiterated by many California news organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="2895500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895500" title="Tribe of Judah (band)">
Tribe of Judah (band)

Tribe of Judah is Gary Cherone's post-Van Halen band featuring a couple of former members of Extreme (bassist Pat Badger and drummer Mike Mangini). An eponymous EP was released in 2001 and a full-length album was released in late 2002. Tribe of Judah is different from Cherone's other work as it features a more industrial/electronic sound. At least one song, "Left for Dead", was (supposedly) slated to be a track on a follow-up Van Halen album which would have featured Cherone.

</doc>
<doc id="2895505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895505" title="Rawson, Victoria">
Rawson, Victoria

Rawson is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Tyers - Thomson Valley Road, in the Shire of Baw Baw. The town was established for workers involved in the construction of the Thomson Dam, which was completed in 1983, Rawson Post Office opening on 17 April 1979. At the 2011 census, Rawson had a population of 325.
Rawson is a great vacation getaway for the people of Melbourne, and offers visitors the chance to enjoy a wide range of activities, which include:
bushwalking, hiking, 4WD explorations, mountain biking, trout fishing, whitewater adventures, historical explorations, cross-country skiing, gold fossicking, deer hunting and trail bike riding.

</doc>
<doc id="2895512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895512" title="Crypsis">
Crypsis

In ecology, crypsis is the ability of an organism to avoid observation or detection by other organisms. It may be either a predation strategy or an antipredator adaptation, and methods include camouflage, nocturnality, subterranean lifestyle, transparency, and mimicry. The word can also be used in the context of eggs and pheromone production. Crypsis can in principle involve visual, olfactory or auditory camouflage.
Overview.
There is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape, for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to avoid detection by prey. Exceptions include large herbivores without natural enemies, brilliantly-colored birds that rely on flight to escape predators, and venomous animals that advertise with bright colors. Cryptic animals include the tawny frogmouth (feather patterning resembles bark), the tuatara (hides in burrows all day; nocturnal), some jellyfish (transparent), the leafy sea dragon, and the flounder (covers itself in sediment).
Varieties of crypsis.
Crypsis may occur in a variety of ways, each of which causes the organism in question to blend with its background in at least one of the senses, although visual crypsis is the best known.
Visual.
Many animals have evolved so that they visually resemble their surroundings, using some sort of natural camouflage that may match the color and texture of the surroundings (cryptic coloration) and/or break up the visual outline of the animal itself (disruptive coloration). Such animals may resemble rocks, sand, twigs, leaves, and even bird droppings.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing colour in changing environments, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument (chameleon, cephalopods).
Countershading, the use of different colors on upper and lower surfaces in graduating tones from a light belly to a darker back, is common in the sea and on land. This is sometimes called Thayer's law, after the American artist Abbott H. Thayer, who published a paper on the form in 1896, explaining that countershading paints out shadows to make solid objects appear flat, reversing the way artists use paint to make flat paintings contain solid objects. Where the background is brighter than can be achieved even with white pigment, counter-illumination in marine animals such as squid can use light to match the background.
Some animals actively camouflage themselves with local materials. The decorator crabs attach plants, animals, small stones or shell fragments to their carapaces, providing camouflage that matches the local environment. Some species preferentially select stinging animals such as sea anemones or noxious plants, benefiting from aposematism as well as, or instead of, crypsis.
Olfactory.
Some animals, in both terrestrial and aquatic environments, appear to camouflage their odour, which might otherwise attract predators. Numerous arthropods, both insects and spiders, mimic ants, whether to avoid predation, to hunt ants, or (for example in the Large Blue Butterfly caterpillar) to trick the ants into feeding them. Pirate perch ("Aphredoderus sayanus") may exhibit chemical crypsis, making them undetectable to frogs and insects colonizing ponds.
Auditory.
Some insects, notably some Noctuid moths (such as the Large Yellow Underwing) and some tiger moths (such as the Garden Tiger), were originally theorized to defend themselves against predation by echolocating bats, both by passively absorbing sound with soft, fur-like body coverings, and by actively creating sounds to mimic echoes from other locations or objects (a "phantom echo" which might therefore represent "auditory crypsis"), with alternative theories about interfering with the bats' echolocation ("jamming"). Subsequent research has provided evidence for only two functions of moth sounds, neither of which involve "auditory crypsis"; tiger moth species appear to cluster into two distinct groups: one type produces sounds as acoustic aposematism (warning the bats that the moths are unpalatable, e.g.) or are acoustic mimics of unpalatable moths, and another type that uses sonar jamming. In the latter type of moth, detailed analyses failed to support a “phantom echo” mechanism underlying sonar jamming, and instead pointed towards echo interference.
Effects.
There is often a self-perpetuating co-evolution, or evolutionary arms race, between the perceptive abilities of animals for whom it is beneficial to be able to detect the cryptic animal, versus the cryptic characteristics of the hiding species. Different aspects of crypsis and sensory abilities may be more or less pronounced in given predator-prey species pairs.
Zoologists need special methods to study cryptic animals including biotelemetry techniques such as radio tracking, mark and recapture, and enclosures or exclosures. Cryptic animals tend to be overlooked in studies of biodiversity and ecological risk assessment.

</doc>
<doc id="2895521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895521" title="Arthur Matheson">
Arthur Matheson

Arthur James Matheson (December 1842 – January 25, 1913) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He served as a Conservative Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for Lanark South from 1898 to 1913, and was provincial treasurer from 1905 to 1913.
He was born in Perth, Canada West in 1845, the son of Roderick Matheson, and educated at Upper Canada College and Trinity College, Toronto. Matheson studied law, was called to the bar in 1870 and set up practice in Perth. He was mayor of Perth in 1883 and 1884. Matheson served in the local militia, including service during the Fenian raids, and became lieutenant-colonel in 1886. Other than serving as provincial treasurer, Matheson was member of various house committees, including the Standing Committee on Public Accounts. He died in office in 1913.
The geographical township of Matheson, part of Black River-Matheson Township, was named after Arthur Matheson.

</doc>
<doc id="2895534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895534" title="Battle of Shelon">
Battle of Shelon

The Battle of Shelon () was a decisive battle between the forces of the Grand Duchy of Moscow under Ivan III (r. 1462–1505) and the army of the Novgorod Republic, which took place on the Shelon River on July 14, 1471. Novgorod suffered a major defeat and ended with the "de facto" unconditional surrender of the city. Novgorod was absorbed by Muscovy in 1478.
Background.
The clash between the Muscovy and the Novgorod Republic was a continuation of the conflict between them going back into the late 14th century. This particular episode was caused by Novgorod's violation of the Treaty of Yazhelbitsy (1456) signed between Grand Prince Vasily II and the Novgorodian delegation headed by Archbishop Evfimy II. In particular, the treaty limited Novgorod's ability to conduct its own foreign affairs and gave the Grand Prince of Moscow more control over the city (he controlled the city's seals and became the court of higher instance for the Novgorodian courts). When the Novgorodians turned to Poland–Lithuania for help in limiting Moscow's growing power, Ivan III and the metropolitan accused them not only of political treachery, but of attempting to abandon Eastern Orthodoxy and go over to the Catholic Church. A draft treaty between Novgorod and the Grand Duke of Lithuania and King of Poland, Casimir IV Jagiellon (r. 1440–1492), said to have been found in a cache of documents after the battle of Shelon, made it clear that the Lithuanian Grand Prince was not to interfere with the election of the archbishop of Novgorod or the Orthodox faith in the city (by building Catholic churches in the city for example.)
The battle.
The battle took place in the morning of July 14 on the left bank of the Shelon River, which flows into Lake Ilmen southwest of Novgorod. It is believed to have taken place about 30 km from the mouth of the river and just to the east of the town of Soltsy, possibly, near the village of Skirino. The location indicates that the Muscovite army was advancing on Novgorod along the western shore of the lake to come up on the city from the southwest. After an accidental encounter of the Muscovite forces (around 5,000 men) under the command of Prince Daniel Kholmsky (Daniel of Kholm) with the army of Novgorod (20,000 to 40,000 men), the badly organized army of Novgorod was not able to withstand the pressure of the princely forces. Indeed, the "Novgorodian Fourth Chronicle" reports that Feofil, Archbishop-Elect of Novgorod, ordered his cavalry to not attack the Muscovites, but only the Pskovian forces, thus limiting their room to maneuver. The Battle of Shelon lasted for two hours and ended with Novgorod's defeat. According to Muscovite sources, more than 12,000 Novgorodians were killed during the battle and the subsequent pursuit. Some 2,000 men were taken prisoners. It is, however, difficult to say how accurate these figures are as the size of the Novgorodian army at this time are almost impossible to determine, and the number seems quite high given that the city of Novgorod itself probably had a population of only about 40,000 people, although the army could have been drawn from the rural population as well. That being said, the numbers may have been inflated to add to the Grand Prince's prestige and cast Novgorod in an even worse light.
Aftermath.
On July 24, Ivan III executed the Novgorodian commander, Dmitry Isakevich Boretsky, one of the Boretsky clan which, led by Marfa Boretskaya, had championed the city's opposition to Moscow. In the longer term, the defeat at Shelon severely weakened the Novgorodian Republic. According to some sources, Ivan III confiscated significant amounts of land from the archiepiscopal administration and several of the largest monasteries immediately after the battle (although most sources date these confiscations to 1478), thus weakening the independence of the Novgorodian church. He also returned to the city several times in the 1470s and arrested important boyars or entire boyar clans. However, he only took direct control of the city-state in January 1478 after further strained relations with Archbishop Feofil and Novgorodian boyars led him to send his armies against the city in the winter of 1477–1478.

</doc>
<doc id="2895546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895546" title="KXHT">
KXHT

KXHT (Hot 107.1) is a Hip-Hop-intense mainstream urban radio station licensed to Marion, Arkansas and serves the Memphis, Tennessee, area. The Flinn Broadcasting outlet operates at 107.1 MHz with an ERP of 2.75 kW. The station's studios are located in Southeast Memphis, and the transmitter site is in West Memphis, Arkansas along the west shore of the Mississippi River.
History.
The station began targeting the Memphis area in the late 1980s with an All-Blues format. In 1996 it flipped to a Mainstream Urban direction, but it wouldn't be until 1997 when it shifted to a Rhythmic Contemporary Hits direction and adopted the KXHT calls and the ""HOT 107.1"" moniker. Today the station focuses mostly on Hip-Hop product (they phased out most of the vocal-driven R&B hits, especially the slow songs), complete with non-stop mixes and capitalizing on the Southern Rap genre, especially the Crunk tracks.
In August 2006, Nielsen BDS had moved KXHT from the Rhythmic Airplay panel to the Urban Contemporary Airplay panel, but by May 2007 it placed the station back on the Rhythmic panel, as their direction and playlists reflected what was currently being played on the BDS-monitored Rhythmic chart rather than Urban. By April 2014, BDS returned KXHT to the R&B/Hip-Hop panel after adjusting its playlist and direction.

</doc>
<doc id="2895548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895548" title="Rock Harbor, Michigan">
Rock Harbor, Michigan

Rock Harbor is the main access point for visitors landing on Isle Royale in northern Lake Superior. It sits at the northeastern end of the forty-five mile long island, the whole of which is protected as Isle Royale National Park. Two structures in Rock Harbor -- the Rock Harbor Light and the Edisen Fishery -- are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 
The "Rock Harbor" name is properly applied to the eleven-mile long inlet from Moskey Basin to Scoville Point along the southern shore of the easterly part of Isle Royale. This inlet is screened from the open waters of Lake Superior by a number of offshore islands, including Mott Island, the site of the Park headquarters. 
Travel to Rock Harbor from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan is by the "Ranger III" park service ferry, operating from Houghton, Michigan, the "Isle Royale Queen IV" out of Copper Harbor, Michigan, and seaplane service. The "Voyageur II" operates out of Grand Portage, Minnesota; it circumnavigates the island with stops at Windigo Ranger Station in Washington Harbor on the west end of the island and other points along the shore. 
The ferry boats land at Snug Harbor, which also has berths for private watercraft, a campground, the visitor center, and a lodge that predates the national park.
Rock Harbor is the eastern end and terminus of the Greenstone Ridge Trail. 

</doc>
<doc id="2895549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895549" title="Nang Keo Phimpha">
Nang Keo Phimpha

Nang Keo Phimpha (1343–1438) was the sister of Samsenthai, a king of Lan Xang. After her nephew, the king, Lan Kham Deng died, she seized control of Lan Xang and the next four kings were under her control. She only reigned for a few months in 1438 at age of 95. She was deposed and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="2895550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895550" title="Midwest Roadside Safety Facility">
Midwest Roadside Safety Facility

The Midwest Roadside Safety Facility (MwRSF), part of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, is a research organization with a main focus of researching all aspects of highway design and safety. MwRSF conducts safety performance evaluations of various roadside appurtenances, developing new and innovative design concepts and technologies in the area of highway safety.
MwRSF engineers designed the SAFER barrier.

</doc>
<doc id="2895552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895552" title="Association of Turkish Cypriots Abroad">
Association of Turkish Cypriots Abroad

The Association of Turkish Cypriots Abroad (ATCA), is an organization of expatriate Turkish Cypriots and Turkish Cypriot supporters who seek to spread information about the de facto unrecognized Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Founded in July 2003, a web site was created which would attempt to address the problems of the de facto Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and that of the Turkish Cypriot diaspora.
ATCA's objectives are to effectively Lobby and communicate the cause of the Turkish Cypriots to worldwide leaders and international institutions. And to organise and unite the Turkish Cypriots. As clear and concise information can not be communicated without organisation and unity, ATCA seeks to raise awareness about the Cyprus issue, and work towards uniting the Turkish Cypriots worldwide into a cohesive lobbying group.
The Motto of ATCA is: Respect, Equality, Recognition.
ATCA has collated a vast amount of information regarding the issues concerning Cyprus: historical documents, statements, plans, pictures, facts and figures. Up to date news is presented by ATCA, for the purpose of enlightening decision makers, and also interested people regarding the Cyprus issue.
ATCA consists of opinionative writers and personnel. It is non-political, and is not affilitaed with any political or religious group.
ATCA has an online petition calling for the embargoes on the Turkish Cypriots to be lifted.

</doc>
<doc id="2895579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895579" title="Kenneth M. Curtis">
Kenneth M. Curtis

Kenneth Merwin Curtis (born February 8, 1931) is an American lawyer and former politician. He is currently a principal in the law firm of Curtis Thaxter Stevens Broder & Micoleau Limited Liability Company, P.A.
Life and career.
Curtis was born in Leeds, Maine and graduated with a Bachelor of Science from Maine Maritime Academy in 1952 and rose to the rank of lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy. He received his law degree from Portland University in Maine (now part of the University of Maine). Curtis received an LL.D. from Bates College in 1981.
Curtis, a member of the Democratic Party, was the Secretary of State of Maine from 1965–1966, before becoming the 68th Governor in 1967. He held that office until 1975. Curtis served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1977 to 1978 and Ambassador to Canada from 1979 to 1981.
Curtis served as President of Maine Maritime Academy. He was also Chairman of the Environmental Task Force of the National Governors' Conference in the early 1970s. He is a Protestant.
Curtis is semi-retired, currently residing on Siesta Key in Sarasota, Florida.
As a registered voter in Florida, Curtis temporarily lost his superdelegate vote in the 2008 Democratic National Convention when the Democratic Party ruled against seating any delegates from Florida because Florida had moved the date of its primary to a date earlier than permitted under party rules. Curtis, a supporter of Hillary Clinton's campaign for president, stated that he might not attend the convention. Subsequently the Democratic National Committee Rules and By-laws Committee voted to seat all Florida delegates, including superdelegates, but with only half-votes.

</doc>
<doc id="2895609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895609" title="Hepatitis F virus">
Hepatitis F virus

Hepatitis F is a hypothetical virus linked to hepatitis. Several hepatitis F candidates emerged in the 1990s; none of these reports have been substantiated.
In 1994, Deka "et al." reported that novel viral particles had been discovered in the stool of post-transfusion, non-hepatitis A, non-hepatitis B, non-hepatitis C, non-hepatitis E patients. Injection of these particles into the bloodstream of Indian rhesus monkeys caused hepatitis, and the virus was named hepatitis F or Toga virus. Further investigations failed to confirm the existence of the virus, and it was delisted as a cause for infectious hepatitis.
A subsequently-discovered virus thought to cause hepatitis was named Hepatitis G virus, though its role in hepatitis has not been confirmed and it is now considered synonymous with GB virus C and is an "orphan virus" with no causal links to any human disease.

</doc>
<doc id="2895610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895610" title="List of child prodigies">
List of child prodigies

In psychology research literature, the term child prodigy is defined as person under the age of ten who produces meaningful output in some domain to the level of an adult expert performer. Child prodigies are rare, and in some domains, there are no child prodigies at all. Prodigiousness in childhood does not always predict adult eminence. The persons listed here have come to the haphazard attention of history or current news and probably do not represent the typical experience of a child prodigy.
Mathematics and science.
Mathematics.
Mental calculators.
Note: Several mathematicians were mental calculators when they were still children. Mental calculation is not to be confused with mathematics. This section is for child prodigies largely or primarily known for calculating skills.
The arts.
Acting/directing.
Note: This section is mostly limited to child actors or directors who were respected enough to be nominated or to win awards while in competition with adults, or who were declared prodigies. It also includes a few actors, from eras predating film, who were declared theatrical prodigies. This section must be limited this way because being even an award-winning child actor is not prodigious. (For child actors who won juvenile competition, see Academy Juvenile Award. These names do not necessarily equate with being competitive with adults and therefore do not necessarily count as prodigies.)
Music.
See List of music prodigies.
Legendary.
This list consists of historic children, who have become representatives of the "prodigy" phenomenon, inspiring literature, but whose actual accomplishments have not been firmly established due to the poor sourcing or records of their eras.

</doc>
<doc id="2895635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895635" title="Mr. and Mrs. Iyer">
Mr. and Mrs. Iyer

Mr. and Mrs. Iyer is a 2002 Indian drama film written and directed by Aparna Sen and produced by N. Venkatesan. The film features Aparna Sen's daughter Konkona Sen Sharma as Meenakshi Iyer, a Tamil Iyer Brahmin who is a Hindu. Rahul Bose portrays the character of Raja Chowdhury, a Bengali Muslim wildlife photographer. The story revolves around these two lead characters during a fateful bus journey amidst the carnages of a communal strife in India. Zakir Hussain, an Indian tabla maestro, composed the background score and music for the film; Goutam Ghose, a film director himself, was the cinematographer.
"Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" premiered at the Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland and was showcased at other prominent film festivals. The film opened to Indian audiences on 19 July 2002. It was met with critical acclaim upon release, and won several national and international awards, including the Golden Maile award at the Hawaii International Film Festival and the Nargis Dutt Award for Best Feature Film on National Integration in India. The film, which was also released as a DVD, had English as its predominant language with a sporadic use of Hindi, Tamil, and Bengali.
Plot.
Meenakshi Iyer (Konkona Sen Sharma), with her infant son, Santhanam, embarks on a bus journey to return to her husband, from her parents' place. At the bus station, Meenakshi and Raja Chowdhury (Rahul Bose) get introduced to each other through a common friend. Raja, a wildlife photographer, is requested by Meenakshi's parents to look after their daughter and baby grandson during the journey.
The passengers of the bus include a boisterous group of youngsters, two Sikh men, an elderly Muslim couple, a young couple high on romance, a mentally challenged boy and his mother, and some card-playing men. The bus faces a roadblock and the bus driver attempts a detour, but is stopped by traffic jam caused by sectarian violence between Hindus and Muslims in nearby areas.
Raja reveals his Muslim identity to Meenakshi. As someone who comes from a high caste and conservative Hindu Brahmin family, Meenakshi shudders at the very fact that during their travel she drank water offered by Raja, a Muslim. "Please. Don't touch me" is her shocked reply. Raja contemplates leaving the bus, but is forced to get inside the bus by the patrolling police who informs that a curfew has been declared due to the riot. After the police leaves to scout other areas, a rioting Hindu mob arrives and forcibly enters the bus. They begin interrogating passengers about their religious identities and when in doubt, they even resort to check if the person is circumcised.
In order to protect himself from them, one of the passengers—Jewish and hence circumcised—points out the old Muslim couple to divert the mob's attention. The mob's leader drags the old couple out of the bus. One teenager resists this, but she is thrashed by the leader. As Raja attempts to rise in revolt, Meenakshi plants Santhanam on his lap, ordering him to hold the baby with an intent to shield Raja's Muslim identity. The mob asks about their identities, and Meenaksi tells the leader that Raja and she are Mr. and Mrs. Iyer. After this chilly encounter, the passengers spend the night in the bus.
In the morning, the passengers trek to a nearby village to seek accommodation. Raja and Meenakshi, identifying themselves as Mr. and Mrs. Iyer, fail to find any accommodation. However, the police officer, who was patrolling the earlier evening, bails them out by providing shelter at an abandoned forest bungalow. They are provided with the single usable bedroom available in the bungalow. Meenakshi refuses to share the room with Raja, and curses herself for coming along with a stranger. Raja confronts her on her outdated prejudices about caste and religion. After a brief quarrel, Raja allows her the comfort of the bedroom and prefers to sleep outside. The next morning when Meenakshi does not find Raja, she gets worried and angry as to why he left Santhanam and her in such a place. Soon, she feels relieved to find Raja sleeping outside. After they reach a restaurant in the nearby village, they meet the teenagers on the bus. The teenage girls are excited and curious to know about Meenaakshi and Raja's love story. To keep their farce alive, both of them cook up an impromptu story right from how they met till where they went for their honeymoon. During their stay at the bungalow, they discover each other's beliefs and understanding of religion. That night, as they witness a horrific murder by one of the mobs, a shocked Meenakshi is comforted by Raja. 
The next day, they reach a railway station with the army's help. There, they board the train towards their destination. An unspoken love and a strong attraction is evident between them, keeping behind all their differences. At their destination station, Kolkata, the real Mr. Iyer (Meenakshi's husband) arrives to receive his wife. Meenakshi introduces Raja to her husband as Jehangir Chowdhury, a Muslim man who helped her (a Hindu woman) during the curfew. Raja hands over a camera roll to Meenakshi, containing the photos of their journey; they bid an emotional farewell to each other.
Production.
Development.
Aparna Sen, a noted actress and director of Bengali cinema, made her debut as a director with the English film "36 Chowringhee Lane" (1981). "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" was her second film in English. She hoped to write a simple romantic story, but it shaped out to be a relationship drama in the backdrop of sectarian violence. Sen came up with the background of the story in the aftermath of 9/11 and the 2002 Gujarat riots. In an interview, Sen stated that the omnipresent, circumstantial violence in the film was only to serve as a strain in the script which aimed to show how the relationship evolves between two people who are forced to be together under trying times. She stated that the time frame of the film was set after the attacks on the Parliament of India on 13 December 2001. 
In an interview at the screening at the Locarno Film Festival, Sen revealed that Konkona was involved in the pre-production research, and she suggested the title. About the cinematographer Gautam Ghose, Aparna Sen said that they had a good rapport and that Ghose, himself an acclaimed director, was one of the best cinematographers she knew. Ghose, in reply, said that he hoped to give his best for the film and thus contribute to their friendship.
Casting.
Rahul Bose's work in "English, August" (1994) and "Split Wide Open" (1999) made Aparna Sen feel that he was a good, controlled and intelligent actor. After a costume and a makeup test, he was chosen for the character of Raja Chawdhury. Sen admitted that Bose's work was up to the mark, and working with him was a wonderful experience. She told in an interview that Konkona Sen Sharma's abilities as a sensitive actress fetched her the role of Meenakshi Iyer. Konkona said that she chose this film as she was interested in Indian films made in English, and was reluctant to do regular commercial films. Sen had penned the elderly Muslim woman's character bearing Surekha Sikri in mind. Eventually Sikri and the author and playwright Bhisham Sahni were cast to play the roles of the Muslim couple in the film. Santhanam, the infant son of Meenakshi Iyer in the film is Sen's grand niece.
Aparna Sen chose English as the film's narrative since the characters are linguistically diverse. She had to make sure that the characters spoke in English with their regional accent. Konkona admitted in an interview that playing the role of a Tamil Brahmin did not come easy. The director forced her to visit Chennai (where the major language is Tamil) for two weeks to research her character. She also said that she had learned many characteristics, nuances and mannerisms native to Tamilian housewives. She took a close look at Iyer lifestyles and customs in and around Mylapore, a cultural hub in Chennai. She attempted listening to recorded conversations in Iyer households to get a suitable Tamil accent.
Filming.
The production commenced in December 2001. Sen chose to keep the geographical setting unstated because she felt that it was a journey that could take place anywhere. The film was shot in the Himalayan foothills of northern West Bengal. The producers provided a state-of-the-art camera from Chennai's Prasad Studios to ensure that the shooting crew was technically better equipped. Rupali Mehta, from Triplecom Productions, the co-producer oversaw the crew of over 100 complete the production schedule in 50 days. The production team resorted to certain cost-cutting measures to ensure they committed fewer mistakes. For example, they had organised a workshop for the actors to avoid mistakes while filming.
While filming in Jalpaiguri, Sen got embroiled in a controversy for damages caused to the forest bungalow, a heritage property, where a portion of filming was done. She admitted that, to give the bungalow a haunted look, they "... sprayed slush on the walls and plastered cobwebs all over the place." However, she claimed that the place was cleaned up after the completion of their shoot.
Release and reception.
Following objections from the local police, two scenes were removed by producers from the version of the film screened in the city of Mumbai. One scene showed a Hindu man saying—using profanity—that Muslims should be sent back to Pakistan; the other featured a policeman using obscenities with a communal undertone. The police felt both scenes were too "provocative" for a "communally sensitive" city. However for the rest of India, the film was screened in its entirety.
The film had only modest box office success; domestically, it made 7.3 million rupees in its first release. However, thanks to its low budget and the spread of multiplexes in India, it brought in some revenue. Furthermore, the contemporary trend in the Indian television channels is to showcase films within months of their release. This trend helped modest box-office successes such as "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" to get additional thrust to their financial returns. Indeed, "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" was one of the first films that led to reworking of the business models for small films in India. In addition, Triplecom Productions sold the dubbed version in Italy for $20,000. A trade analysis by "Rediff.com" suggested that small-budget films such as "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" did not compromise on marketing budgets, instead they put efforts in marketing themselves more innovatively.
Special screenings and awards.
In 2002, "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" was chosen as India's official entry at the Locarno International Film Festival. It ran for 3 minutes longer than its runtime of 120 minutes at Locarno. Though it missed out on the Golden Leopard Award at Locarno, it won the Netpac Jury Prize along with two other films. The film won the Golden Maile award at the 22nd Hawaii International Film Festival, the Audience Award for the Best Feature Film at the Philadelphia Film Festival, and the best screenplay award at the 2003 Cinemanila International Film Festival.
In 2003, the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles chose to open with "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer", while New Zealand's first Asian film festival in 2004 chose to close its 10-day fest with it. The India International Women's Film Festival had a special retrospective to Aparna Sen for "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer". The film was also showcased at the Pusan International Film Festival, Regus London Film Festival, Mill Valley Film Festival, International Film Festival of India, Braunschweig International Film Festival, and High Falls Film Festival. At the International Film Festival of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands, it won the Gold prize, awarded to the best film screened that year. Rahul Bose said that when the film was showcased at the Geneva festival, it was seen and liked by Kofi Annan, the United Nations Secretary-General.
Back home in India, "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" won the Golden Lotus Award for best direction, the Silver Lotus Awards for best actress, the best screenplay, and the Nargis Dutt Award for Best Feature Film on National Integration at the 2003 National Film Awards ceremony. 
Govind Nihalani, an Indian film director wondered if "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" could have been sent to the Oscars instead of the regular song-and-dance entries. Eventually, Film Federation of India, the apex organisation that sends the nation's official entries to the Oscars, did not find any film worth sending for the 76th Academy Awards.
Reviews.
Lawrence van Gelder commented in his review in "The New York Times" that "The well-acted romance, as the two principal characters are thrown together by unanticipated events, is hard to resist, even though the answer to the crucial question it raises is all too conveniently deferred time and again." However, he added that "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" "... is not a subtle film ..." The "Chicago Reader" also said, "Sen is anything but subtle in populating the bus with a cross section of class and ethnic types ... but the friendship that blossoms between the leads is tenderly depicted and hints at a solution to sectarian strife" "TIME" magazine praised Aparna sen for her "... attention to detail ..." that "... skillfully captures the characters' idiosyncrasies." "The Village Voice" said, "The actors appear game, yet director Aparna Sen, who conceived the film in the wake of September 11, resorts often to hokey pseudo-lyricism and prefers sound-bite ballyhoo to sociological depth." Metacritic, a website with a medley of reviews by American critics, gives the film a score of 50/100, meaning mixed or average reviews.
In his review, Derek Elley of "Variety" remarked that the film had "... the awkward, issue-driven dialogue and wavering direction, showing influences from both the arty and commercial. two leads just about scrape through." Although "The Hindu" review praised the director for "... handling (these) scenes in an understated, muted fashion ..." giving "... them the power to disturb and haunt you." it questioned certain aspects of the film, stating, "Though the flutters of the heart have been treated with finesse—sometimes a little too prudishly, pandering, perhaps, to middle class morality—we are never entirely convinced that love could blossom between Meenakshi Iyer and Raja Chowdhary." Indeed, Sen was criticised for contriving cinematic situation not quite fitting to the real world, "Can a married woman with a baby in arms fall in love with a total stranger that she meets on a very short bus journey, however extraordinary the situation may have been? Having decided to drive them to each other's arms, Sen thinks up situations, which are terribly contrived ... Sen's story and script are found wanting elsewhere too. The police officer, who plays the good Samaritan, appears so unreal in the world of rancour that Sen creates ... [She, probably in her over enthusiasm, lets her own emotions derail her."
Konkona Sen Sharma, who had not been widely seen outside Bengal before the release of the film, received particular praise for her performance, "... the movie clearly belongs to Konkona Sen Sharma ... who as Meenakshi gets so beautifully into the psyche of a Tamil Brahmin ... she emotes just splendidly: when her eyes well up at the thought of parting with Raja [Chowdhary, when she gently rests her head on his shoulders in the train, and when her expressions suggest the faintest hint of love, we know that here is a great actress." A "Rediff.com" review said, "... Konkana, a youngster, bowls you over with her silently sledge-hammering portrayal of Meenakshi Iyer, a conservative Tamilian Brahmin housewife ... eyes tell a thousand untold stories." An Australian critic said that the film, with "wonderfully nuanced performances by Sensharma and Rahul Bose, whose love affair is as innocent as the lyrical, lingering soundtrack. Mr and Mrs Iyer is a gentle film, whose simple and haunting love story will appeal to the romantic traveller." 
The "... attractive lensing by Gautam Ghose (a director in his own right) and atmospheric scoring by Ustad Zakir Hussain ..." were well received. "Looking through the eyes of Gautam Ghose's illuminating lens, Aparna Sen builds a miniature, but epic, world of tremendous inner strength. In her first seriously politically committed film, Sen takes on the issue of communal conflict with the surging humanism of Gabriel García Márquez, painting words on celluloid ... If Hussain creates sounds within the seesaw of silences and screams, cinematographer Gautam Ghose creates a lucid contrast between the silently majestic Himalayan hinterland and the fundamentalists."
Home media.
DVD.
The DVD, which released on 2 June 2004, has subtitle options in English, Hindi, Punjabi, Tamil and Urdu. It is available in Anamorphic widescreen, Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround, progressive 24 FPS, widescreen and NTSC format.
Soundtrack.
"Ustad" Zakir Hussain composed music for the film. For the first time in mainstream cinema, he sang for one part of a song. He said this in an interview and added that it was only after the track was recorded, the producers decided to go for Hussain's voice. Rahul Bose, who introduced Hussain to Aparna and Konkona, was instrumental in influencing Hussain to compose the background score for the film.
The soundtrack consists of 5 songs:

</doc>
<doc id="2895667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895667" title="Kenneth L. Curtis">
Kenneth L. Curtis

Kenneth L. Curtis (born August 3, 1965) is a former college student from Connecticut who on October 30, 1987 shot and killed his estranged girlfriend, and shot himself in the head. He was charged criminally for the killing, but originally was found mentally incompetent to stand trial, and had the criminal charges dismissed. Years later, he enrolled in college, and pursued studies as a pre-med student. He again was charged with the killing, found competent, and subsequently pled guilty to manslaughter.
The case ("Connecticut vs. Kenneth Curtis") changed the views in the justice system of mental competence to stand trial. Prior to this case, those given such an assessment were viewed as not restorable, and charges would be dismissed in favor of periodic reviews used only in determining the need for a civil commitment.
The case.
On October 30, 1987, Curtis shot his estranged girlfriend Donna Kalson in a bar parking lot in Stratford, Connecticut, killing her. He then shot himself in a murder-suicide attempt. He also injured one of Kalson's friends who was in her company in the process. After a lengthy hospitalization in which he was on advanced life support, he survived his own shot, leaving him severely disabled. He was partially brain damaged and paralyzed.
After being released from the hospital, Curtis was charged with Kalson's murder and the attempted murder of her friend. But following his recovery, more than a year after the incident, he was given a mental competence evaluation to determine if he could stand trial for his crimes. During the evaluation, it was found that his ability to read or understand were impaired, and he had no memory of the incident. As a result, he was ruled mentally incompetent to stand trial. But he was not ordered to be confined to a mental institution. He was allowed to return home. Kalson's family was initially unaware of this.
This did not sit well with Donna Kalson's parents when they learned, following a tip, that Curtis was attending a local college. The Kalsons arranged for their own investigation of Curtis. Reporters for News Channel 8 observed Curtis taking classes at a local college with an apparent goal of a career in psychiatry. His grades were mostly As and Bs; his grade point average after receiving 48 credits was 3.3, information that was obtained from a search warrant on Curtis's grades at three colleges executed by Stratford police. His actions on campus, including a conversation the reporters had directly with Curtis, were filmed by reporters. While Curtis's defense team called many doctors to testify on his behalf, the video produced by the network was viewed as overwhelming evidence in favor of declaring him mentally competent.
Curtis's defense team attempted to fight the actions taken against him, claiming that he was already declared incompetent and could not be tried due to a Connecticut law that required such closure of all cases of this type after 18 months. They took their battles all the way to the Connecticut Supreme Court. But double jeopardy laws and other laws were not considered to be applicable, and Curtis was ordered to stand trial.
Curtis pleaded guilty in 1999 to manslaughter and received a 20-year prison sentence, the maximum allowed for charges of manslaughter.
Curtis was paroled in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2895671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895671" title="Lead-in">
Lead-in

A lead-in is a short phrase, usually five words or less, that starts off a photo caption in a newspaper, high school yearbook, magazine or other publication.
Lead-ins (aka "kickers") are used to catch the reader's attention and "lead in" to the main caption. These phrases widely range from common phrases to song lyrics, and are written appropriate to the subject matter of the photograph.
Examples of lead-ins include the following:
Editors and caption writers tend to "avoid" using clichés and obvious lead-ins (e.g., "Two heads better than one," "Whistle while you work," etc.); and also prefer varying lead-ins throughout the publication.
Also Lead ins, can be phrases that start a sentence in an essay.

</doc>
<doc id="2895672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895672" title="GE Dash 8-40BW">
GE Dash 8-40BW

The Dash 8-40BW, or B40-8W, is a four-axle road diesel locomotive built by GE Transportation Systems for the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (ATSF) in the early 1990s. It is part of the GE Dash 8 Series of freight locomotives.
The locomotive model designation is interpreted as follows: B (B type truck arrangement, 2 axles per truck) 40 (4000 horsepower) -8 (the generation when it was designed, in this case meaning the late 1980s) W (Widecab).
ATSF was the only railroad to order the B40-8W, and a B unit (cabless booster unit) was almost made with it, but because the price would have been the same for B40-8Ws with cabs or without, they decided to order units with cabs only. 
All of ATSF's B40-8Ws became part of BNSF Railway, and many of them were repainted into BNSF's "Heritage 2" paint scheme.
Disposition.
In mid-2010, BNSF put 15 B40-8Ws up for sale. These units were on long-term lease and were returned to their leasor. Three units have been sold to the Providence and Worcester Railroad in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2895680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895680" title="Wondrous Oblivion">
Wondrous Oblivion

Wondrous Oblivion is a 2003 British film directed and written by Paul Morrison and produced by Jonny Persey.
Set in suburban south London in 1960, several themes run through the film, though the main storyline concerns the friendship between a young boy, David Wiseman (Sam Smith) who is the son of European Jewish immigrants, and his new next door neighbours, father and Dennis (Delroy Lindo) and young daughter Judy (Leonie Elliott) who are West Indian immigrants. The cement which binds their friendship is a deep love of cricket - but the ride is not always smooth. David finds himself falling for the indifferent Judy, but tensions between other families in the street, and a romantic relationship between Ruth Wiseman (Emily Woof) and Dennis, threaten to break apart the neighbourhood.

</doc>
<doc id="2895698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895698" title="Johnathan Lee Iverson">
Johnathan Lee Iverson

Johnathan Lee Iverson (born 1976) became the first African-American ringmaster of a major U.S. circus in 1999 at the age of 22 when he won the position at Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus.
Biography.
Johnathan Lee Iverson began his career with the Boys Choir of Harlem. As a performing member of the group, Iverson circled the globe and crisscrossed the United States. In addition to performing before world leaders and dignitaries, including United States Presidents, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Ronald Reagan, and Jimmy Carter, as well as Nobel Peace Prize winner Nelson Mandela, Iverson has shared the stage with such artist as Lou Rawls, Ray Charles, Stevie Wonder, Plácido Domingo, Luciano Pavarotti, Betty Buckley, Roberta Flack, Perry Cuomo, Geoffrey Holder, Kathleen Battle, Shirley Verett, Tony Bennett, and Lena Horne, all before the age of eighteen.
As a graduate of Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music and Art & Performing Arts and The Hartt School of the University of Hartford, Iverson took his first steps into the pages of history at only 22 years old, when he became the youngest, the first New Yorker, and the first African American Ringmaster in the nearly 140 year history of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey. Iverson’s presence at The Greatest Show On Earth set box office records for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey throughout the United States. Audiences and critics alike were immediately smitten by the native New Yorker. "Ebony" magazine said of him: "The instant he appears out of the darkness and into the spotlight…the audience is rapt." The "San Francisco Examiner" stated: "Now imagine mesmerizing the crowd with a powerful voice and the bearing of a superstar." The "Times-Picayune" wrote: "Tall and self assured…he works a crowd like a three ring evangelist." And syndicated columnist Liz Smith gushed: "I…liked six foot youngest ringmaster ever, Johnathan Lee Iverson, who is commanding enough to be noticed in the melee, and he can sing."
Among the myriad of accolades and praise received by Iverson, was being recognized as one of "Barbara Walters’ 10 Most Fascinating People of 1999". Iverson’s historical tenure with The Greatest Show On Earth is featured in numerous publications, including, "Black First: 4, 000 Ground-Breaking and Pioneering Historical Events" by Jessie Carney Smith, "African-American First" by Joan Potter, "Live Life! Be Young, Black, and Successful" by Quincy Benton, and "Beat of a Different Drum: The Untold Stories of African-Americans Forging Their Own Paths in Work and Life" by Dax-Devlon Ross.
Iverson joined the 129th Edition of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Presents The Living Carousel in 1998 and continues as the Voice of The Greatest Show On Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2895701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895701" title="Thai Ridgeback">
Thai Ridgeback

The Thai Ridgeback (, ) is an ancient breed of dog. The breed was formerly unknown outside of Thailand, but is gaining notice in the Western world. They are also known as a Mah Thai Lang Ahn. The Thai Ridgeback is one of only three breeds that has a ridge of hair that runs along its back in the opposite direction to the rest of the coat. The other two are the Rhodesian Ridgeback and the Phu Quoc Ridgeback.
Appearance.
The Thai Ridgeback is a muscular, medium-sized pariah-type dog with a wedge-shaped head, triangular-shaped prick ears, and a very short, smooth coat. It has a pronounced ridge on its back formed by hair growing in the opposite direction that extends from behind the withers to the hips. Puppies are occasionally born ridgeless. Thai Ridgebacks have a muscular and streamlined body, making them extremely agile. The tail is carried upward called a sickle or sword tail. Its forehead wrinkles with enormous expression. Like many eastern breeds, the Thai Ridgeback has retained a 'scissor jaw' where upper and lower teeth interlock when the jaw bones clamp down. The tongue can be black or have black marks. Eyes are almond-shaped and brown but may be amber in blue dogs. The ears are set low and point slightly outward. The ears stand up progressively during the puppy growth period, they are not cropped. The back is straight and level. The coat is short, hard, and straight. Due to the length and density of the coat shedding is minimal, occurring once or twice yearly. Because this breed does not have an undercoat the hair does not usually bother people allergic to other breeds of dogs. Coat must be solid colors of blue, black, red or fawn with a black mask being acceptable on reds. However, brindle and white are also found but are not acceptable colors. For international show and competition, shoulder height should be 22-24 inches (56–61 cm) in males and 20-22 inches (51–56 cm) in females. The weight averages 35–55 lbs in females and 40-60 lbs in males.
Eight distinctive ridge patterns have been identified: needle, feather, arrow, lute, violin, bowling pin, leaf, and saddleback. All patterns are acceptable, but must be clearly defined and symmetrical. The broader the ridge, the more highly it is prized.
Health.
Thai ridgebacks are a hardy, overall healthy breed with few inherent health issues. The breed has reproduced in Thailand almost exclusively by natural selection until the very recent past. The domesticated population is small. Inbreeding depression has not been observed in the breed. Thai Ridgeback Dogs are prone to dermoid sinus. Modern lines of Thai Ridgeback, resulting from interpopulation crosses, may also be prone to hip dysplasia and other genetic disorders.
Temperament.
Thai Ridgebacks are an intelligent breed. The energy level is typically medium to high, with most of the day spent lounging and activity periods occurring in sporadic bursts. Well bred and properly socialized Thai Ridgebacks make loyal, loving family pets. They are naturally protective of their home and family and can be aggressive or shy when not properly socialized. They are best kept by consistent owners who have a thorough understanding of dog behavior. Because of prior geographic isolation and lack of human contact, the Thai Ridgeback remains independent minded and much of the original natural instinct and drives remain intact, particularly prey drive. Due to its nature, the Thai Ridgeback is not recommended for the novice dog handler. They have an excellent jumping ability and may seek to roam if not properly contained.
Genetics.
Ridge.
The ridgeback is under a control of two groups of epistatic genes. The first determines the existence of the ridge. The other determines the size of the ridge, from none to very large (down to the side). For the latter, the more the genes in the dog, the broader is the ridge. The ridge will appear only if there is at least one dominant allele in both groups.
Color.
Coat color is also under a control of two groups of epistatic genes. The first determines the color of the coat if it should be black, brindle, red or white. The series of dominance is black to brindle to red to white. The intensity of the coat color is under control of a set of modifying genes. The other group controls the dilution of the colors. Black can be dilute to gray/silver/blue, and red will turn fawn. The normal color is dominance over the diluted.
History.
The origin of the Thai Ridgeback is undocumented, but the breed was developed in eastern Thailand. The history of the breed is the subject of numerous hypotheses.
The other existing purebreeds of ridgeback dog are the Rhodesian Ridgeback from Africa and the Phu Quoc Ridgeback from Vietnam, which is somewhat smaller than the Thai Ridgeback. Based on genetic-based hypothesis, both Thai Ridgeback Dog and Phu Quoc Dog are likely to be descended from Funan Ridgeback Dog which originated over 1,000 years ago in Funan Era of the region. The Hottentot Dog or Ari Dog (as called by the tribe), a known African ridgeback ancestor of the Rhodesian Ridgeback, is now extinct. Its link to the Funan Ridgeback Dog is very likely in a historian opinion. The possible genetic connection among the three remaining breeds is being investigated through DNA studies.
The relationship between the Thai Ridgeback and the Rhodesian Ridgeback is uncertain, but possible through the Hottentot Dog or Ari Dog. There is minimal scientific proof that they are related.

</doc>
<doc id="2895712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895712" title="WordPress.com">
WordPress.com

WordPress.com is a blog web hosting service provider owned by Automattic, and powered by the open source WordPress software. It provides free blog hosting for registered users and is financially supported via paid upgrades, "VIP" services and advertising.
The site opened to beta testers on August 8, 2005 and opened to the public on November 21, 2005. It was initially launched as an invitation-only service, although at one stage, accounts were also available to users of the Flock web browser. There were over 56 million individual blogs with the service as of .
Registration is not required to read or comment on blogs hosted on the site, except if chosen by the blog owner. Registration is required to own, or post in, a weblog. All the basic and original features of the site are free-to-use. However, some features (including CSS editor, domain mapping, Domain Registration, Removal of Ads, Website Redirection, Video Upload, and storage upgrades) are available as paid options.
There are nearly 60 million WordPress.com sites, which receive more than 100 million pageviews per day. Every day over one million new articles and over one million comments are published. Some notable clients include CNN, CBS, BBC, Reuters, Sony and Volkswagen.
In September 2010, it was announced that Windows Live Spaces, Microsoft's blogging service, would be closing, and that Microsoft would instead be partnering with WordPress.com for blogging services.
Advertising.
Readers see ads on WordPress.com pages, though WordPress.com claims that it is rare. From The "Features You’ll Love" page: "Advertising. To support the service we may occasionally show Google text ads on your blog, however we do this very rarely."
However, banner ads run by Google have shown up frequently when the comments page is loaded.
Ads can be removed from a blog if a yearly fee is paid.
Censorship.
In August 2007 Adnan Oktar, a Turkish creationist, was able to get a Turkish court to block Internet access to WordPress.com by all of Turkey. His lawyers argued that blogs on WordPress.com contained libelous material on Oktar and his colleagues which WordPress.com staff was unwilling to remove.
WordPress.com was blocked in China, but like some other sites, it is intermittently unblocked and blocked.
Matt Mullenweg said: “WordPress.com supports free speech and doesn’t shut people down for 'uncomfortable thoughts and ideas', in fact we’re blocked in several countries because of that.”
Attacks on WordPress.com.
WordPress.com sustained an attack on March 3, 2011, which was the largest and most sustained it had seen according to Matt Mullenweg. The distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack was neutralized the same day but the founder stated that there was a possibility it could flare up again.

</doc>
<doc id="2895721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895721" title="Michelle Brooke-Marciniak">
Michelle Brooke-Marciniak

Michelle Brooke-Marciniak (born October 29, 1973 in Macungie, Pennsylvania) is a former All American collegiate and professional basketball player who played point guard in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). As a floor general, Brooke-Marciniak competed for two National Championships during her three year career at the University of Tennessee. Michelle led the Tennessee Lady Vols to their 4th National Championship and was named MVP in the 1996 Final Four held in Charlotte, NC. She was most recently the recruiting coordinator/assistant coach of the women's basketball team at the University of South Carolina from 2003-2008. Brooke-Marciniak was responsible for two back to back top recruiting classes, rated #18 in 2007 and #7 in 2008, the highest ranked class ever recruited at South Carolina.
Brooke-Marciniak is currently the Co-Founder and Co-CEO of SHEEX, Inc.(Irmo, S.C.), a fabric bedding company.
Allentown Central Catholic High School.
Marciniak was the consensus top player in the nation during her high school senior year...named National Player of the Year by 'Parade Magazine', Naismith National Player of the Year, and Gatorade National High School Player of the Year as a senior in 1991 at Allentown Central Catholic High School in Allentown, Pennsylvania. At Allentown Central Catholic, she competed in the highly respected East Penn Conference (the forerunner to the Lehigh Valley Conference), where she scored 3,025 points for Central Catholic. Her No. 23 jersey has since been retired by the school in recognition of her extraordinary high school basketball achievements. "Sports Illustrated" wrote about Marcinak playing with a picture of Michael Jordan in her sock, while Michelle was just a junior in high school, in an article titled "She's the Ponytailed Princess of Hoop."
University of Notre Dame and University of Tennessee.
After a year at the University of Notre Dame, Marciniak transferred to the University of Tennessee, where she quickly became a leader of the dominant University of Tennessee Lady Vols women's basketball team under head coach Pat Summitt. Summitt had recruited her in high school and in fact, went into labor as she was sitting in the Marciniak's home on a recruiting trip. Summitt quickly wrapped up the visit and flew back to Knoxville to give birth to her son, Tyler. "Spinderella" as Marciniak was affectionately known because of her free wheeling, spinning and slashing style, became a crowd favorite at Tennessee. She scored over 1,000 points and still is in Tennessee's top ten all-time in assists and three-point scoring, after only three years of play.
With Marciniak at point guard, the Lady Vols won consecutive Southeastern Conference championships in 1995 and 1996. In the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship, Tennessee came in second to the Connecticut Huskies in 1995. The next season, Tennessee wasn't expected to be as strong, but lost just four games during the regular season and eventually returned to the Final Four, where the Lady Vols earned a rematch with UConn. Marciniak led the team to an 88-83 overtime victory, then avenged an earlier loss to Georgia to claim Tennessee's fourth national championship. During the season, Marciniak became the focused leader and played a methodical style of basketball that Pat Summitt demanded from her point guards. Marciniak was chosen the Final Four's Most Valuable Player for her inspired play. She graduated in 1996 with a degree in psychology.
USA Basketball.
Marciniak was named to the USA U18 team (then called the Junior World Championship Qualifying Team) in 1992. The team competed in Guanajuato, Mexico in August 1992. The team won their first four games, then lost 80–70 to Brazil, finishing with the silver medal for the event, but qualifying for the 1993 world games. Marciniak averaged 6.8 points per game during the event.
Marciniak continued with the team to the 1993 U19 World Championship (then called the Junior World Championship). The team won five games and lost two, but that left them in seventh place. Marciniak averaged 3.3 points per game.
Marciniak represented the USA at the 1995 World University Games held in Fukuoka, Japan in August and September 1995. The team had a record of 5–1, securing the silver medal. The USA team won early and reached a record of 5–0 when the USA beat Yugoslavia. In the semi-final game, the USA faced Russia. The team was behind much of the first half but managed to tie the game at the half. The USA broke the game open in the second half and won 101–74. The gold medal match was against unbeaten Italy. The Italian team started strong, scoring 12 of the first 14 points of the contest. Sylvia Crawley scored eight consecutive points to end the first half, but that left the USA nine points behind. The USA took a small lead in the second half, but the team from Italy responded with a ten point run, and won the game and the gold medal by a score of 73–65. Marciniak averaged 2.9 points per game.
Marciniak was invited to be a member of the Jones Cup team representing the USA in 1996. She helped the team to a 9–0 record, and the gold medal in the event. Marciniak averaged 7.4 points per games, had 24 assists, second highest on the team, and recorded 21 steals, highest on the team.
Marciniak participated on the USA team as part of the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada. The team went 4–3 and earned a bronze medal.
Professional career.
Marciniak began her professional career in the women's American Basketball League, playing all two and half seasons of that league's existence. She played for the ABL's Portland Power, Long Beach Stingrays, and Nashville Noise. After her first season as a professional, Marciniak was a first team All Star in a league loaded with talent. Marciniak was signed by the WNBA's expansion Portland Fire in 2000 where she was an integral part of Portland's success. She then signed with the Seattle Storm eight days later. Michelle found her home in Seattle the next three seasons while playing for the Storm. She was a fan favorite, and received the WNBA Community Service Award due to the countless hours she put in to bring fans into KeyArena.
More significant was her extremely hard-nosed play on the court, as a nationally televised tussle with Los Angeles Sparks player Latasha Byears earned Marciniak a reputation as the Storm player that opponents least wished to foul. Byears intentionally threw a ball at Marciniak's face, and Marciniak, in response, charged the much larger and stronger Byears.
Marciniak retired at 29 years old, after the Storm's 2002 season, to become an assistant coach for the University of South Carolina Gamecocks in the powerhouse SEC Conference, where she had played as a collegian. Marciniak served as an assistant on the staff of head coach Susan Walvius from 2003-2008. She is also an occasional color analyst for WNBA and National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) basketball games on ESPN Radio and other media outlets.
Launching SHEEX.
In 2007, Marciniak and Walvius founded SHEEX, Inc., a company that is said to offer "the world's first athletic-performance sheets". Constructed from materials commonly found in modern athletic wear, SHEEX provide similar moisture-wicking, temperature-control, breathability and stretch not found in traditional cotton sheeting.
Personal.
Marciniak married Beth Brooke on April 17, 2014, in New York City. The couple live in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="2895723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895723" title="Montelimar Beach">
Montelimar Beach

Montelimar is a beach located on the Pacific coast of Nicaragua in the department of Managua. Montelimar consists of 3 km of white sand beach. The main tourist attraction is the Barcelo Hotel and Resort. The current location of the Barcelo hotel and resort is the old Somoza Estate, the actual home has been transformed into a Casino that overlooks the Pacific Ocean.
The land was originally owned by German immigrants and was confiscated by the Somoza dynasty after they declared war on Germany during World War II, even though no fighting took place between the two countries.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2895725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895725" title="Mary Louise Milliken Childs">
Mary Louise Milliken Childs

Mary Louise Milliken Childs (1873-1936) Noted philanthropist in the 20th Century for building over twenty hospitals and two churches throughout the United States. Her greatest accomplishments include the West Jersey Cooper Hospital in New Jersey and the Milliken Memorial Community House in Elkton, Kentucky

</doc>
<doc id="2895730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895730" title="David Thomas Roberts">
David Thomas Roberts

David Thomas Roberts (born January 16, 1955) is an American composer and musician, known primarily as a modern ragtime composer. Roberts is also a painter in a primitivist style.
Born in Moss Point, Mississippi, United States, his first recording, "Music For a Pretty Baby", appeared in 1978. Pieces such as "The Early Life of Larry Hoffer", "Roberto Clemente", "Pinelands Memoir", "Through the Bottomlands", and the suite, "New Orleans Streets" have caused Roberts to be considered one of the leading contemporary ragtime-based composers. The New Orleans historian Al Rose called him "the most important composer of this half of the century in America."
Roberts coined the term "Terra Verde" (meaning "green earth") as a label for compositions which can not be considered as conventional ragtime, mostly by contemporary ragtime writers such as himself, Frank French, Scott Kirby and others. 
Roberts also works as a writer and visual artist, and is currently writing a critical history of New Ragtime. His mixed-media art appears in the magazine of visionary art, "Raw Vision", and his poetry has been anthologized in "Another South", a collection of experimental writing published in 2003 by the University of Alabama Press.

</doc>
<doc id="2895733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895733" title="TrinityRoots">
TrinityRoots

TrinityRoots (1998–2005, 2011–present) are a successful band based in Wellington, New Zealand. Although they are commonly associated with New Zealand reggae they also embody a stripped back, jazz and soul influenced rhythmic sound, which often builds up to highly emotional drum- and guitar-led crescendos.
Like their contemporaries Fat Freddy's Drop, TrinityRoots formed a loyal fan base through live performances and word of mouth. They played alongside international acts including Ben Harper, Lee Scratch Perry, The Mad Professor, as well as local bands such as Fat Freddys Drop, Salmonella Dub and Che Fu. TrinityRoots has also toured small towns on sellout tours. The band's song "Little Things" was featured prominently in an episode of the cartoon bro'Town.
Before breaking up in 2005, the band released a self-titled EP and two albums, "True" and "Home Land and Sea". Both albums reached Platinum status in New Zealand with virtually no advertising or media attention.
The band separated in 2005, playing their final concert in February 2005 in a sellout concert to raise relief funds for the Boxing Day Tsunami at the Wellington Town Hall. This material was released in 2010 with accompanying documentary footage as "Music Is Choice".
All members of the band, past and present, are involved in other musical projects and continued making music after the 2005 break-up. Lead singer and guitarist Warren Maxwell was a member of Fat Freddy's Drop until late 2006 when he left to spend more time with family, and is the frontman of the acclaimed group Little Bushman [http://www.stuff.co.nz/3950879a1860.html]. Bassist Rio Hemopo has released solo music and is involved with Breaks Co-op as a member of their live band. Drummer Riki Gooch has also released solo music under his own name and as Eru Dangerspiel, as well as playing and producing for many other artists and projects such as Neil Finn, Hollie Smith and Ria Hall.
In early September, 2010 Trinity Roots announced they had re-formed and embarked on a tour of New Zealand.
In July 2011, the band announced that Riki Gooch was leaving. Wellington-based drummer Jean Pompey has replaced him.
Gooch had previously left the band after the recording of their first EP, and was replaced by Darren Mathiassen. Gooch returned to the band during the time that "True" was being recorded, hence both Mathiassen and Gooch featuring in the album sleeve notes. The song "D By D" was written by Mathiassen.

</doc>
<doc id="2895739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895739" title="Milliken Memorial Community House">
Milliken Memorial Community House

Milliken Memorial Community House, erected in 1928 in Elkton, Kentucky, is the first privately donated community house in America. The mansion pioneered a new architectural program for public use. The house was commissioned by Mary Louise Milliken (1873–1936) and her husband Samuel Canning Childs (April 2, 1859-1934) in 1926. 
Both were wealthy philanthropists and were responsible for the construction of over twenty hospitals and two churches throughout the United States. Childs was a wealthy businessman who had founded the American Food Store Company, a prominent Mid-Atlantic retail grocery chain. A Woman's Club was organized in Elkton in 1924 and Mr. & Mrs. Childs began formulating plans to construct a community center for this and other social groups. Designed for the specific purpose of housing community events and funded entirely by Mr. and Mrs. Childs, the building was to be a permanent memorial to the memory of her mother. 
Construction of the building began in fall of that year (1927) and was completed in April during the next year (1928) at a cost of $75,000, equal to $1,478,000(2008) today. Average home cost in 1928 was 4,000 dollars. 
Local contractor V.L. Price constructed the building and the architect responsible for the buildings design is Geo. S. Koyl and Marr & Holman Architects. The mansion is designed in the Neo-Classical style of Flemish bond brick with a large two-story portico on the main facade. The main section is two stories with a porte-cochere on the west facade and with a one story apollarium ballroom wing at the rear. 
The house was officially opened on April 11- April 12 in a two day celebration. Mary Louise and Canning booked the Francis Craig Orchestra from RCA Records to play for the opening ball. Newspapers from Lexington and Nashville covered the event naming it one of the greatest successes of generosity ever recorded.
Book.
"Home Elsewhere" was released on July 25 of 2007. The non-fiction book catalogs the history of the house, and the life of Mary Louise Milliken Childs and her project, the Milliken Memorial Community House. Matthew Colin Bailey completed the first book after 3 years of research. Home Elsewhere was pre-released in Todd County, Kentucky as a first edition. The state-wide second edition was released in 2008 at Kentucky bookstores. The second edition was edited by James Coursey. [http://www.themilliken.com]

</doc>
<doc id="2895750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895750" title="Master status">
Master status

In Sociology, master status is the social position that is the primary identifying characteristic of an individual. It is defined as "a status that has exceptional importance for social identity, often shaping a person's entire life" 
The master status is often the most important in the architecture of individual identity. Common characteristics are those of race or ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, physical ability, age, economic standing, religion or spirituality, and education. Others include raising children, employment status; and disability or mental illness. 
In perception, an individual’s master status supersedes other identifying traits; for example, if a woman feels that her role as a mother is more important than her role as a woman, a daughter, etc., she is more likely to identify herself as a mother and to identify with other women who label themselves as such. An individual's master status dominates her/his perception by others and their behaviour towards him/her. More than other aspects of the status set, the master status affects how the individual behaves and how others behave with respect to her or him.

</doc>
<doc id="2895755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895755" title="Hoyleton, South Australia">
Hoyleton, South Australia

Hoyleton () is a former railway town in South Australia, west of the Clare Valley, halfway between Leasingham and Halbury. At the 2006 census, Hoyleton had a population of 283. 
The railway ran from Balaklava to Blyth and further on into the Mid North of the state. Due to various reasons, this particular line had become obsolete and the tracks were dismantled in the late 1980s. The original historic stone railway shed remains standing alongside the grain silos which are still in use, but now serviced by road.
Sir Walter Watson Hughes, one of the founders of the University of Adelaide, originally owned a pastoral lease at Hoyleton in the 1850s. He later went on to own vast copper mining interests at Wallaroo, on the Yorke Peninsula.
Government.
Hoyleton is in the Wakefield Regional Council local government area, the State Electoral District of Goyder and the Federal Electorate of Wakefield.

</doc>
<doc id="2895760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895760" title="Joey Comeau">
Joey Comeau

Joey Comeau (born September 26, 1980) is a Canadian writer. He is best known for writing the text of the webcomic "A Softer World", and for his novels "Lockpick Pornography" and "Overqualified".
Career.
Comeau's work is difficult to classify by genre. Of his eight books, two are comic collections, one is a "genderqueer adventure story", one is an experimental novel told through job application letters, two are collections of short stories, and two are horror. In 2003, Comeau co-created the webcomic "A Softer World" with Emily Horne. His first novel, "Lockpick Pornography", was serialized on the "A Softer World" site prior to publication in book form by Loose Teeth Press. Excerpts from his novel Overqualified were included in the 2010 "Best American Nonrequired Reading". The first 20 chapters of his novel "One Bloody Thing After Another" were serialized on the National Post's book blog and the book was nominated for the 2010 Shirley Jackson Award. "One Bloody Thing After Another" was also nominated for the 2011 ReLit Awards.
In 2012 a sequel to Lockpick Pornography titled We All Got It Coming, was released for free on the Internet before being published together with the original in The Complete Lockpick Pornography.
His writing often includes themes such as homophobia, life after death, and realistic portrayals of sex. Many of his characters struggle with identity. This manifests as characters with fluid gender identities and sexual orientations as well as characters who put themselves in dangerous situations on purpose. Much of his work is sex positive, including descriptions of safe, consensual intercourse that are nonetheless very passionate. His collection of short stories, The Girl Who Couldn’t Come is described as “a book where sex is fun and good and people are kind to each other.”
He lists his influences as including Morley Callaghan, Hunter S. Thompson, and Tupac. There is a Tupac quotation at the beginning of Lockpick Pornography.
Online Projects.
As well as the webcomic A Softer World, Joey Currently has several other ongoing online projects. Oh me Dort is a photo essay about his friend Maggie Dort. Pinball with my mom is a story (with accompanying photographs) that explores his views on his mother who is a hairdresser for television shows and movies. Me and my friend Ryan is a list of experiences Joey has had with friend and comic creator Ryan North. It also includes a poem he has written about their relationship. He is a fan of horror movies and also writes a blog about gender roles in horror movies called I'm Into Survival.
I am other people is a series of long form interviews he has conducted with people who are important to him. They include with Ryan North, Adrian Comeau (his brother), Helen Dewitt, Hamilton Chu, and Derek McCormack. The interviews are always accompanied by a picture, and are often very two sided, reading much like casual conversations and including many instances of the interviewees asking questions of Comeau.
In addition he maintains an active accounts on the social media platforms twitter and tumblr. Many of his books are available to read for free online.
Kickstarter Campaign.
Comeau and collaborator Emily Horne recently got their Kickstarter campaign successfully funded. The goal was to raise money to publish the fourth print volume of A Softer World titled Let's Do Something Wrong. The campaign raised over $78,000. The project was describes as being “A book about dead moms, queers, sexy extremism and sad feelings. In photo comic form with words on the photos, like, over top of them!”.
Personal life.
Comeau is openly queer, has a degree in linguistics, and is an avid chess player. He currently lives in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He has three younger brothers. One of them, Adrian Comeau, is also an artist.

</doc>
<doc id="2895764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895764" title="Dangun Feveron">
Dangun Feveron

Gameplay.
"Dangun Feveron" offers a wide degree of customization in gameplay. Player is prompted to select how fast they want the ship to move, choose one of three rapid-fire weapons, and one of three sustained-fire weapons. This allows the player to tailor the ship to individual needs, be it a fast-flying speeder with a widespread shot to quickly handle enemy squadrons, or a ship with lower speed to dodge bullets carefully, and concentrated firepower to destroy single foes faster.
Items.
Main-shot (P): Increases power of main shot.
Way-shot (P): Increases power of way shot.
Bomb (B): Increases bomb stock by 1 (max 4).
Cyborg: Increases score and enemy value.
FP: Increases shot power to maximum.
Capture scoring system.
Dangun Feveron features another unique gameplay mechanism, the Capture scoring system. For every enemy destroyed in a timely manner, Cyborgs (A.K.A. Disco Men) will appear. Cyborgs can be rescued by touching them with the player's ship. If left alone, cyborgs will drift slowly toward the bottom of the screen, then move back up towards the top, after which they will disappear completely. For each cyborg obtained, the value of enemies will increase by one point, so long as no cyborgs escape off the top of the screen; if this happens, the value will be reset.
Assuming no cyborgs have escaped, many enemies are worth the number of saved cyborgs plus one. For instance, destroying an ordinary enemy after saving 19 cyborgs will accordingly award 20 points. Larger enemies have a point value equal to five successive standard enemies plus 10; downing one such enemy after having captured 49 cyborgs bestows 50+51+52+53+54=260 points. Bosses are worth the value of a standard enemy multiplied by the number of cyborgs captured throughout the entire stage. If a player was awarded 99 cyborgs throughout the stage, captured every single one, and then defeated the boss, player would receive 99*100=9,900 points. 
If all lives are lost and play is continued, the enemy value and rescue count are both reset.

</doc>
<doc id="2895779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895779" title="Mount Giluwe">
Mount Giluwe

Mount Giluwe is the second highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at (Mount Wilhelm being the highest). It is located in the Southern Highlands province and is an old shield volcano with vast alpine grasslands. Ancient volcanic plugs form its two summits, with the central peak the highest and an east peak about away at . Giluwe has the distinction of being the highest volcano on the Australian continent, and is thus one of the Volcanic Seven Summits.
Geology.
The original volcano on the site of Mount Giluwe formed roughly 650,000–800,000 years ago, probably as a stratovolcano of similar height to the current peak. Extensive Pleistocene glaciation eroded away much of the peak, leaving a series of volcanic plugs which form the present-day summits. A renewed episode of extensive volcanic eruptions formed the shield-like bulk of the current mountain between 220,000–300,000 year ago, and there is evidence that some of the lava erupted subglacially. During the last glaciations of the Ice Age, the upper slopes were covered by a massive ice cap over 150 m (500 ft) thick, from which only the main and east peaks protruded as nunataks above the ice surface. At its maximum extent, the ice cap was over 15 km (9 mi) across and covered an area greater than 100 km² (40 mi²). Outlet glaciers extended down as low as 3,200–3,500 m (10,500–11,500 ft), leaving a variety of deposits including glacial till and moraines. Although the glaciers are now long gone, numerous cirques and U-shaped valleys remain visible. The present-day climate on the summit plateau above roughly 3,400 m (11,000 ft) is cold enough for nightly frosts and occasional snowfall.
History.
Australian explorers Mick Leahy, and his brother Dan, were the first Westerners to reach the area and to discover and climb Mount Giluwe. However, another explorer Jack Hides also laid claim to be the first to discover Mount Giluwe after viewing the peaks from the west in 1935. Hides aptly named them the Minaret Mountains. However the name did not stick after Leahy went to London in 1935 and set up a hearing into the two opposing claims at the Royal Geographical Society. Leahy delivered his address on 21 November 1935 and the following year Leahy was awarded a grant from the Society and published his discoveries in their journal.
Flora and fauna.
The slopes of Mt. Giluwe exhibit a number of different vegetation zones, also known as biomes. Between 2500 m (8,200 ft) and 2800 m (9,200 ft) is the lower montane rainforest dominated by "Nothofagus" and "Elaeocarpus" with large Pandanus including the climbing "Freycinetia", climbing bamboo, many gingers, orchids, ferns, herbs and shrubs including "Begonia". Avian fauna include the endemic dwarf cassowary. Above this is the upper montane rainforest or moss forest, with stunted moss-shrouded trees such as "Quintinia" and conifers including "Papuacedrus" and "Podocarpus". The ground is covered in ferns of all types including "Blechnum", filmy ferns and the world's largest moss ("Dawsonia superba") up to 55 cm (22 inches) tall. Rhododendrons grow as epiphytes in the trees as do specialised cloud forest orchids. This forest type is perpetually shrouded in cloud. 
At 3200 m (10,500 ft), the moss forest opens into subalpine grassland. This transition marks the extent of glaciation during the last glacial maximum. The grassland is inhabited by towering endemic tree ferns. Tiny wildflowers grow amongst the tussock grasses including "Veronica", "Viola" and "Gaultheria". Streams flow in beds once scoured by glaciers, and wet bogs contain frog species found nowhere else on earth. This is also the domain of the endemic woolly ground cuscus, a species of possum. Patches of relict subalpine rainforest cling to the sheltered areas where frost is lessened. Scarlet Rhododendrons and Dimorphanthera abound in the gnarled dwarf forest and white beard lichens hang in the branches. Above 3400 m (11,200 ft) on the vast alpine plateau, creeping Astelia, cushion plants and mosses can be found near the numerous tarns, along with alpine blueberries ("Vaccinium") and asters in rockier areas.

</doc>
<doc id="2895785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895785" title="Peter Mahon (lawyer)">
Peter Mahon (lawyer)

Peter Thomas Mahon (1923–1986) was a New Zealand High Court Judge, best known for his Commission of Inquiry into the crash of Air New Zealand Flight 901 ("Mount Erebus disaster"). His son, Sam Mahon is a well-known artist.
Military Service.
Mahon served in 2NZEF as a second lieutenant. He spent approximately two years overseas, mostly in Italy.
Early Legal Career.
Mahon began his legal career with the Raymond, Donnelly & Co. He was mentored by Sir Arthur Donnelly.
Mahon was junior counsel for the prosecution in the Parker–Hulme murder case in 1954. At the commencement of the trial Mahon was assisting Alan Brown. Brown withdrew during the trial and was later admitted to Sunnyside Hospital.
Erebus Inquiry.
After the crash of Air New Zealand Flight 901 with loss of all aboard on 28 November 1979, an accident report was released by the chief inspector of air accidents, Ron Chippindale, which cited pilot error as the chief cause of the accident. Public demand led to the formation of a Royal Commission of Inquiry into the accident, consisting solely of Mahon. He produced his report on 27 April 1981, which cleared the crew of blame for the disaster and found that the major cause was the reprogramming of the aircraft's navigation computer without the crew being notified. Mahon controversially claimed that Air New Zealand executives engaged in a conspiracy to whitewash the inquiry, covering up evidence and lying to investigators, famously concluding that they had told "an orchestrated litany of lies". His book, "Verdict on Erebus", an account of his inquiry, won the New Zealand Book Awards prize for non fiction in 1985.
Mahon retired from the High Court bench in 1982.
In 1983 the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council held that Mahon had acted in excess of his jurisdiction and in breach of natural justice by going on to make findings of a conspiracy by Air New Zealand to cover up the errors of the ground staff. This conclusion was reached on the point of law that those accused of the conspiracy had not been given an opportunity to contest it in Mr Justice Mahon's inquiry: his conclusions that documents had been suppressed, and that witnesses had lied, were not set aside. 
In 1985 Mahon was appointed as Commissioner of Inquiry into the 1984 Queen Street riot. In the same year he published "Dear Sam", a collection of his letters to his children.
In 2008, Mahon was posthumously awarded the Jim Collins Memorial Award by the New Zealand Airline Pilots Association for exceptional contributions to air safety, "in forever changing the general approach used in transport accidents investigations world wide."
In the 1988 TVNZ dramatisation of the inquiry, "", Mahon was played by Frank Finlay.

</doc>
<doc id="2895786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895786" title="Luzon B. Morris">
Luzon B. Morris

Luzon Buritt Morris (April 16, 1827 – August 22, 1895) was an American lawyer and politician from Connecticut. He served as the 55th Governor of Connecticut.
Biography.
Morris was born in Newtown, Connecticut. He prepared for college at the Connecticut Literary Institute in Suffield, Connecticut. He supported himself by his own industry, as a blacksmith and in a factory, until he entered Yale University. A year after entering Yale, Morris continued his studies in an office. He was admitted to the bar in 1856, and graduated from Yale in 1858, where he was a member of Skull and Bones.
Morris served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1855 until 1856, 1870, 1876, 1880 and in 1881. He was probate judge from 1857 until 1863, and served in the Connecticut Senate in 1874. He served as President pro tempore of the Connecticut Senate. During his service in the Connecticut General Assembly, he was a member of the commission that settled the border dispute with New York. He was an officer of the Connecticut Savings Bank for several years, and served as the bank president.
As Governor of Connecticut from January 4, 1893 until January 9, 1895, Morris was the only member of the Democratic Party to hold the governorship between 1885 and 1911. During his governorship, Morris advocated for constitutional amendments in the election laws, but failed to get the appropriate legislation passed. His popularity eroded due to the bleak financial depression that overwhelmed the state, and he did not seek reelection. After leaving office, Morris returned to his law practice.
Personal life.
Morris married Eugenia L. Tuttle in 1856. They had six children together including Mary Seamoor Morris Pratt, Helen Harrison Morris Hadley, Ray Morris and Robert Tuttle Morris. 
His daughter Mary married oil industrialist Charles Millard Pratt, and they had five children. His daughter Helen married Yale University president Arthur Twining Hadley, and they had three children. His son Ray was a partner in the investment banking house of Brown Brothers Harriman. His son, Dr. Robert Tuttle Morris, became a famous surgeon and author.
Death and legacy.
Morris died of a stroke at his home in New Haven, Connecticut on August 22, 1895. He is interred at the Zoar Cemetery in Newtown, Connecticut. His home in New Haven was purchased by Yale University in 1957 and restored in 1990. The house was originally built in 1873 and features Italianate architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="2895790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895790" title="Williamsonia (plant)">
Williamsonia (plant)

Williamsonia is an extinct genus of plant belonging to Bennettitales, an order of seed plants which bore a resemblance to cycads. Fossilized specimens of "Williamsonia" have been discovered worldwide.
Taxonomy.
"Williamsonia" was originally described as "Zamia gigas" by William Crawford Williamson. William Carruthers proposed the name "Williamsonia" in an 1870 paper of his, with the type species being "W. gigas".
Biology.
"Williamsonia" possessed a sturdy stem and had multiple fern-like leaves. The plant did not live in groups. The stamens of "Williamsonia" curved inward and upward.
"Williamsonia" produced flowers up to in length. Its stalked seeds would have grown from a central receptacle, and the entire flower of "Williamsonia" would have been surrounded by protective bracts (which are often the only part of the plant to undergo fossilization). The cones of "Williamsonia" were monosporangiate. They were "cup shaped" and could be up to in diameter. As many as 25-50 ovules could be present in each cone. The development of the ovules appears to be similar to that of "Cycadeoidea".
Fossil sites.
An anatomically preserved cone of "Williamsonia" has been discovered in Campanian rocks of Vancouver Island. This was the first reproductive structure of Williamsoniaceae to be recovered from western North America. Bennettitalean cones ( in length and in diameter) from the Crato Formation of Brazil may belong to "Williamsonia", as well as finds from the Gristhorpe Beds of Cayton, England (in this case the specific species "W. leckenbyi"). In addition, "W. harrisiana" has been described from the Rajmahal Hills of India, as well as "W. nizhonia"mcdouldsd from the Chinle Formation of New Mexico.
In Brazil, it was found "Williamsonia" in Paleorrota geopark that were in the Santa Maria Formation, dating from Carnian, Upper Triassic.

</doc>
<doc id="2895791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895791" title="Rayonier">
Rayonier

Rayonier, headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, is the seventh largest private timberland owner in the United States with over owned or leased in the US Southeast, the Gulf states and the Pacific Northwest, providing geographic diversity. In addition to its U.S. holdings, Rayonier also owns or leases of land in New Zealand.
History.
Rayonier was founded in 1926 as the Rainier Pulp and Paper Company with an office in San Francisco, California. Its first mill opened the next year in Shelton, Washington,and Port Angeles on the Olympic Peninsula. The mill used "Tsuga heterophylla" (western hemlock) trees to create a premium bleached paper pulp. In 1931, Rainier Pulp and Paper began working with the Du Pont chemical company to produce hemlock pulp for the manufacture of rayon. Two additional pulp mills were constructed and began operation in the state of Washington.
Rainier Pulp and Paper changed its name to Rayonier, a portmanteau of the words, "rayon" and "Rainier", in 1937, when it became a publicly traded company. The following year, the company acquired timber stands in the southeastern United States and began construction of a Fernandina Beach, Florida, pulp mill, which began production in 1939.
In 1944, the company moved its offices to New York City. As World War II ended, Rayonier began making large land purchases in the Pacific Northwest. The Rayonier Foundation was created in 1952 to provide assistance to charitable, civic and education organizations in the communities where Rayonier did business.
Rayonier opened international sales offices in Europe and Asia during 1954. That same year, another pulp mill in the southeast was constructed at Jesup, Georgia. High demand prompted the facility to double its capacity by 1957.
ITT purchased the company in 1968 and the name changed to ITT Rayonier.
The Jesup mill grew larger in 1974, becoming the largest pulp mill on earth.
Company headquarters were moved again in 1978; this time to Stamford, Connecticut.
Diplomatic relations with China were restored in 1979. The following year, Rayonier received orders for pulp and logs. It took almost five years to receive permission to open an office in Beijing, China in 1985.
A log-trading office was opened in New Zealand during 1988. The New Zealand government sold Rayonier of timberland in 1992.
The company was spun off from ITT in 1994 with the company name reverting to Rayonier and shares again traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
Rayonier purchased of timberland in Florida, Georgia and Alabama in 1999, then relocated the corporate offices to Jacksonville, Florida to be closer to company employees and properties.
Rayonier converted to a real estate investment trust (REIT) on January 1, 2004. 
TerraPointe LLC was established in 2005 to manage properties with development potential.
The 2006 purchase of in six states brought the company's total of land owned, leased or managed to in the U.S. and New Zealand.
In March 2008, the company purchased for $215 million in southwest Washington state from Sierra Pacific 
In March 2013, the company sold its wood products division, including its mills in Baxley, Swainsboro, and Eatonton, Georgia, to British Columbia-based International Forest Products (Interfor) for $80 million.
In April 2013, the company increased its shareholding in the Joint Venture "Matariki Forestry Group" in New Zealand from 26% to 65% for $140 million.
In June 2014, the company split its operations into two independent companies: "Performance Fibers" on one hand is named "Rayonier Advanced Materials" (NYSE: RYAM) and "Forest Resources" together with "Real Estate" as a REIT on the other hand continues as "Rayonier, Inc.", headed by David L. Nunez as its new CEO. Shareholders of Rayonier have received one share of the new Rayonier Advanced Materials company for every three shares of Rayonier on June 27, 2014.
Business Segments.
"Other Operations" accounted for the rest.
Approximately half of total sales were outside the US.

</doc>
<doc id="2895797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895797" title="Solar Max">
Solar Max

Solar Max can be an abbreviation of two things:

</doc>
<doc id="2895805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895805" title="Nicole Oliver">
Nicole Oliver

Nicole Lyn Oliver is a Canadian actress and voice actress. She is best known for her roles as Princess Celestia and Cheerilee in "".
Biography.
Education.
She has a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from York University, a Masters Degree in Communication from Royal Roads University, and additional training from the British American Drama Academy in Oxford and London.
Career.
A prominent member of the Union of BC Performers, she served on its executive board (2002–2005), chaired several committees, and continues to be part of the negotiation team during collective bargaining.
Personal life.
She is married to Chris Ainscough, an award-winning composer in the film industry. They currently live in Vancouver with their two sons William and Grady.

</doc>
<doc id="2895809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895809" title="Théophile Nata">
Théophile Nata

Théophile Nata (born 1947) is a Beninese politician and a former member of the Pan-African Parliament.
Education.
Nata attended Natitingou Catholic Primary School for four years starting in 1954 and ended in 1960. He graduated from the Sainte Jeanne d' Arc de Oudah, Southern Benin after seven years.
He studied French and literature for two years at the Higher Education Centre of Lomé, Togo, as well as at Abidjan University in Côte d'Ivoire and the Sorbonne. He received a Master's Degree which dealt with colonisation and decolonisation in the novels of Aimé Césaire.
Nata acquired a PhD in Comparative Literature at the Sorbonne in 1976 He obtained a Bachelor's Degree, a Master of Arts and a Postgraduate diploma from the International Institute of Phonetics, Paris III University. He was appointed Associate Professor of French Language, Literature and Linguistics at the National University of Benin in 1976 as well.
International and governmental work.
Nata was the co-coordinator of the AGECOOP Project within the Directorate of National Commissions and Councils. He became director of the Asia Department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation in 1978. In 1988, Nata was appointed as Benin's Ambassador to Algeria and then as Ambassador of Benin to the United States.
He was a participant in the 1990 National Conference and was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Benin's transitional government that same year. In 1991, he was made Commander of the National Order of Benin.
Nata served as Minister of Youth and Sports from 1991 to 1993. He founded a political party in 1992. He was elected to the National Assembly in the 1995 parliamentary election and was elected by the National Assembly as its Second Vice-President. In 1999, he was appointed Minister of Rural Development; he 
gained the rank of High Officer of the National Order of Benin in 2000. 
From 2001 to 2003, he served as Minister of Agriculture, Livestock and Fisheries. He was again elected as a deputy in the National Assembly in the March 2003 parliamentary election. 
Nata has served in the Pan-African Parliament since 2004. Following the death of Jerome Sacca Kina Guezere in 2005, he became Fourth Vice-President of the Pan-African Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="2895814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895814" title="Frank Ferragine">
Frank Ferragine

Frank Ferragine (born March 4, 1972) is the morning weatherman on Citytv's morning show "Breakfast Television" in Toronto, Canada, and is the station's flower expert using the nickname "Frankie Flowers". He also occasionally appears on " Cityline" a Canadian Television Program 
Originally a fill-in for Nalini Sharma (on maternity leaving during the summer of 2005), he returned to the show when Sharma was re-assigned to later time spots. 
Ferragine's family runs Bradford Greenhouses and is a director of the annual Canada Blooms flower show. He has also been host at the Alliston Garden Tour "What's New in Horticulture" and "Get Growing" on Barrie, Ontario radio station CKBB.
Ferragine is married and has a son Gavin who was born in 2007, and son Matheson, who was born March 24, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2895831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895831" title="Floyd Reifer">
Floyd Reifer

Floyd Lamonte Reifer (born 23 July 1972) is a Barbadian cricketer. He is a left-handed middle-order batsman and a right-arm medium pace bowler. 
Reifer has played six Tests and eight One Day Internationals for the West Indies cricket team, spread over a home tour against Sri Lanka in 1997 and the 2009 edition of the ICC Champions trophy. 
Ten years after playing his fourth Test match, Reifer was recalled to play for the West Indies on 9 July 2009. He captained an understrength team fielded by the West Indies against Bangladesh; the 15-man squad included nine uncapped players and seven West Indies players made their Test debut in the 1st Test which was played at Kingstown, St Vincent on 9–13 July 2009. The first XI had made themselves unavailable due to a pay dispute with the West Indies Cricket Board. The West Indies went on to lose the two Test series 2–0 and the three match One Day International series 3–0.
In 2002 Reifer played as an overseas professional for Scottish club side Ferguslie.
He also played three matches for the Scottish Saltires as an overseas player in 2004. Of his 145 first-class matches, 85 have been for Barbados, with whom he has won six Carib Beer Cup titles.
Coaching career.
He was appointed head coach of the newly formed cricket team called Combined Campuses & Colleges in 2009. he plays there as player-cum-coach. He is their leading run scorer in first-class matches.

</doc>
<doc id="2895840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895840" title="Jocelyne Loewen">
Jocelyne Loewen

Jocelyne Loewen is a Canadian voice actress working with Ocean Productions, known for her roles in the English dubs of anime series, mostly that of "spunky" young girls.
In addition to voice work, Jocelyne has also played part in several live-action movies and television shows, including "Stargate SG-1", "The 4400", "The Dead Zone", and "Eureka".

</doc>
<doc id="2895844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895844" title="Eagle Scout Association of the Philippines">
Eagle Scout Association of the Philippines

The Eagle Scout Association of the Philippines (ESAP) is the national fellowship and service association of men who have received the rank of Eagle Scout from the Boy Scouts of the Philippines (BSP). The association also accepts into membership Eagle Scouts from the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) who are of Filipino lineage or nationality.
The association was founded in January 1998 during the BSP's 11th National Jamboree at Clark Field in the province of Pampanga. It replaced an earlier association named Citizen Awardees, Rizals, and Eagle Scouts Association (CARES).
It started its ESAP milestone in the 1st ESAP General Assembly held last May 23–25, 2008 at Columban College Hotel, Olongapo City with the theme: ""Eagle Quest and Beyond"". It was hosted by ESAP Olongapo Chapter headed by CSE Mario Esquillo, Chapter President. The Eagle Scout Gathering marks the start of the association where it held the ESAP Ritual officiated by ES Arnell Alambra, Vice President for International Affairs as Ritual Master and ES Chito L. Morante, National President and other ESAP Officers as Guardian of the Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="2895867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895867" title="Ron Halder">
Ron Halder

Ron Halder (born 1953) is a Canadian voice actor.
Biography.
He has performed extensively in theatres across Canada from Victoria, BC to St. John's, Newfoundland. He has played key roles as Malcolm Lowry in the Vancouver Playhouse production of "Goodnight Disgrace, James Tyrone Jr." in the Neptune Theatre production of "Moon for the Misbegotten" and Nick in the National Theatre production of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?". He also performed for two seasons at Vancouver’s Bard on the Beach playing Edmund in "King Lear" and Claudius in "Hamlet". He also played Scrooge in Carousel Theatre’s 1999 "A Christmas Carol" and has toured Canada, the United States, Europe and Africa with the Great Mozart Hunt.
Halder has appeared as a guest star in "", "Millennium", and "Hope Island" as well as playing roles in the "X-Files", "The Outer Limits", "Dead Man's Gun" and "Poltergeist". He also has the role of recurring "Stargate SG-1" character Cronus. He is currently involved in voice-work for cartoons,like in Eon Kid where he is a voice actor for Gaff.He usually plays the role of an eccentric doctor/professor, a kindly older man/mentor, or a hard and malicious man. He has also taught stage fight combat at the National Theatre School of Canada in Montreal, and has choreographed numerous "safe" fight scenes for both stage and camera. In the Death Note live action movie he is the English dub voice actor of Watari; coincidentally in the Death Note anime, he voices Watari's counterpart, Roger Ruvie.

</doc>
<doc id="2895872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895872" title="Penick Family">
Penick Family

The Penick Family were wealthy plantation owners in Todd County, Kentucky, in the United States, from 1820 to 1920. The Penick family amassed a great amount of land in the Allensville, Kentucky area of around 5,000 acres (20 km²) during the height of their farming operations. The Plantation was lost in the 1920s when farming operations ceased due to lack of interest. The Penick family plantation homes still exist on Allensville Road in the community of Penick in Todd County, Kentucky. The homes are of wood-frame in the mid-19th century style, known as the transitioning phase between Federal and Greek Revival. Family linkages are to that of the Mary Todd family, for which Todd County is named. 
Sources.
Todd County Family History, Volume II

</doc>
<doc id="2895874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895874" title="Enemies, A Love Story">
Enemies, A Love Story

Enemies, A Love Story () is a novel by Isaac Bashevis Singer first published serially in the "Jewish Daily Forward" in 1966. The English translation was published in 1972.
Plot summary.
Set in New York City in 1949, the novel follows Holocaust survivor Herman Broder. Throughout the war he survived in a hayloft, taken care of by his non-Jewish, Polish servant, Yadwiga, whom he later takes as his wife in America. Meanwhile, he has an affair with another Holocaust survivor, Masha. To Yadwiga, he poses as a traveling book-salesman despite the fact he is simply a ghost writer for a corrupt rabbi. He wanders about New York with a constant paranoia and perpetual desperation, made more complicated when his first wife from Poland, Tamara, who was thought to be killed in the Holocaust, comes to New York.
Film adaptation.
A film of the same title, based on the book and directed by Paul Mazursky, was released in 1989. 
The Manhattan apartment building with a curved, ivory facade in the movie is The Paterno, at the intersection of Riverside Drive and 116th Street.

</doc>
<doc id="2895882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895882" title="Friendship Sloop">
Friendship Sloop

The Friendship sloop, also known as a Muscongus Bay sloop or lobster sloop, is a style of gaff-rigged sloop that originated in Friendship, Maine around 1880. Fishermen in Friendship and neighboring Bremen collectively originated the design, one influenced by the fishing sailboats of Gloucester, Massachusetts, particularly the schooner "Fredonia" of 1889. Although familiar as a pleasure craft today, the Friendship sloop was the traditional fishing boat used off the coast of Maine, especially for lobstering, until the introduction of the gasoline engine early in the 20th century. Friendship-area boat builder Wilbur A. Morse produced many examples from the 1880s to the 1910s. 
One man could manage its single-masted rig and haul traps unassisted, yet the boat could carry sizable loads. With an open cockpit aft, and a small forward cabin outfitted with bunks and a stove, it made fishing during cold weather much less arduous than in an open boat. In the 1880s these sloops ranged from 16–20 feet long but over time they became significantly larger. Modern reproductions, both wooden and fiberglass, remain popular among enthusiasts.
Friendship sloops are not identical in size or shape, but they share a common design and appear similar. All are gaff-rigged, with a mainsail, a staysail and normally a jib. They may additionally have a topmast with a main topsail and jib topsail (flying jib). They all have a full keel, an elliptical stern and a bowsprit. They can range from 21' to 50' but most are between 25' and 31' in length (on deck).

</doc>
<doc id="2895883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895883" title="Santo Santoro">
Santo Santoro

Santo Santoro (born 27 April 1956) is a former Australian politician and member of the Liberal party. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1989 to 2001; and a member of the Australian Senate from 2002 to 2007, representing the state of Queensland. He resigned from John Howard's ministry and from the Senate in the wake of a number of breaches of the Ministerial Code of Conduct and of the Register of Senators' Interests.
Early life.
Born in Sicily, Italy in 1956, Santoro emigrated to Australia with his family at the age of 5. He was educated at Marist College Rosalie in Brisbane before attending the University of Queensland, where he was awarded the degrees of Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Economics with honours.
Queensland state politics.
Santoro was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as Liberal member for Merthyr in Brisbane from 13 May 1989 until 19 September 1992. He was then elected as member for Clayfield from 19 September 1992 until he was defeated on 17 February 2001 by Liddy Clark. From 26 February 1996 to 26 June 1998, he was the State Minister for Training and Industrial Relations. 
He was also the deputy leader of the State Liberal Party from 1992 to 1995.
Australian Senate.
On 29 October 2002, Santoro was selected by the Queensland Parliament to replace Senator John Herron, who had resigned from the Senate to become Australia's Ambassador to Ireland.
As a senator, Santoro was a strident critic of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, using parliamentary privilege in 2003 to accuse the national broadcaster of "sloppy and shoddy" journalism, and disloyalty to Australian soldiers serving in Iraq, after an internal memo to ABC news staff instructed them to refrain from referring to soldiers as "our troops".
Santoro was sworn in as Federal Minister for Ageing in John Howard's government on 27 January 2006.
Share trading scandal and resignation.
On 14 March 2007, Senator Santoro disclosed that he had breached the government's ministerial code of conduct by holding shares in CBio, a biotechnology company related to his portfolio. Santoro claimed he had received the shares in January 2006, had failed to declare or divest them when he became Minister for Ageing, until he sold them in January 2007 after realising three months earlier that there might be a conflict of interest. Initially Prime Minister John Howard and other government ministers defended the breach on the grounds that it was inadvertent.
However, further controversy arose over the fate of the profits derived from the sale of the shares in question. Santoro claimed he had donated the proceeds of the sale to a "charity", the Family Council of Queensland. Although this organization is registered as a non-profit entity, it is not registered as a charity.
It was subsequently found during an audit of his finances that Santoro had failed to declare 72 other share trades, and he resigned from the ministry on 16 March 2007 and was replaced as Minister for Ageing by Christopher Pyne. The failures to declare his share trading were in breach of Australian Senate's requirement that Senators' interests be registered, viz: "Any alteration to a senator’s registrable interests, or those of the senator’s spouse or partner, or dependent children, must be notified to the registrar within 35 days of the change occurring."
On 20 March, Santoro announced he would resign from the Senate, and federal politics altogether. This meant that he had served as a Commonwealth Minister without ever facing election. He was replaced in the Senate by Sue Boyce.
Later career.
Santo Santoro is now federal Liberal Party vice-president and a lobbyist.

</doc>
<doc id="2895884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895884" title="DSL modem">
DSL modem

A digital subscriber line (DSL) modem is a device used to connect a computer or router to a telephone line which provides the digital subscriber line service for connectivity to the Internet, which is often called "DSL broadband".
The term "DSL modem" is technically used to describe a modem which connects to a single computer, through a USB port or is installed in a computer PCI slot. The more common "DSL router" which combines the function of a DSL modem and a home router, is a standalone device which can be connected to multiple computers through multiple Ethernet ports or an integral wireless access point. Also called a residential gateway, a DSL router usually manages the connection and sharing of the DSL service in a home or small office network.
Description.
A DSL router consists of a box which has an RJ11 jack to connect to a standard subscriber telephone line. It has several RJ45 jacks for Ethernet cables to connect it to computers or printers, creating a local network. It usually also has a USB jack which can be used to connect to computers via a USB cable, to allow connection to computers without an Ethernet port. A "wireless" DSL router also has antennas to allow it to act as a wireless access point, so computers can connect to it forming a wireless network. Power is usually supplied by a cord from a wall wart transformer. 
It usually has a series of LED status lights which show the status of parts of the DSL communications link: 
Many routers provide an internal web page to the local network for device configuration and status reporting. Most DSL routers are designed to be installed by the customer for which a CD or DVD containing an installation program is supplied. The program may also activate the DSL service. Upon powering the router it may take several minutes for the local network and DSL link to initialize, usually indicated by the status lights turning green.
Technology.
DSL concept.
The public switched telephone network, the network of switching centers, trunk lines, amplifiers and switches which transmits telephone calls from one phone to another, is designed to carry voice frequency signals, and is therefore limited to a bandwidth of 3.4 kHz. Before DSL, voice-band modems transmitted information through the telephone network with audio frequencies within that bandwidth, which limited them to a data rate of about 56 kbit/s. However, the copper wires that connect telephones with the local switching center (telephone exchange), called the subscriber loop, are actually able to carry a much wider band of frequencies, up to several megahertz. This capacity is unused in normal phone service. DSL uses these higher frequencies to send digital data between the DSL modem and the local switching center, without interfering with normal telephone service. At the local switching center the data is transferred directly between the customer's phone line and internet lines, so DSL signals do not travel through the telephone network itself. It is not necessary to dial a telephone number to initiate a connection; the DSL connection is "on" whenever the modem is on.
Data rates and access.
Most consumer DSL lines use one of several varieties of Asymmetric DSL (ADSL). The "asymmetric" means that more of the bandwidth of the line is dedicated to downstream (download) data than upstream (upload) data, so, download rates are faster than upload rates, because most users download much larger quantities of data than they upload. Because the telephone lines were never designed to carry such high frequency signals, DSL is distance-sensitive. The farther away from the switching center the modem is, the longer the telephone wires, the weaker the signal, and the lower the data rate that the modem can achieve. Users in cities, close to switching centers, may have access to higher rate service, up to 8 Mbit/s. The most widely available ADSL service today has rates of 1.5 Mbit/s download and 64 to 640 kbit/s upload. The distance limit for ADSL is 18 000 feet (5.5 km or 3.4 miles). However, other devices installed in telephone lines by the phone company, such as loading coils and bridge taps, block the signal, and may disqualify a given phone line from DSL service. Many local telephone companies are currently replacing the copper telephone wiring on utility poles with high bandwidth optical fiber, so that the copper wire subscriber loops only extend to the local utility pole (or underground trunkline), where the DSLAMs are located. This allows the company to offer much higher speed DSL rates.
Data transmission.
The device at the local switching center which communicates with the DSL modem is called a Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexer (DSLAM), which is connected directly to the Internet. The local switching center must be equipped with these devices to offer DSL service.
With ADSL, the modem and the DSLAM communicate by a protocol called discrete multitone modulation (DMT), which is a form of frequency division multiplexing. The modem only uses frequencies above 8 kHz, to avoid interfering with normal phone service. The bandwidth of the line between 8 kHz and about 1 MHz is divided into 247 separate channels, each 4 kHz wide. A separate carrier signal carries information in each channel. Thus the system acts like 247 separate modems operating simultaneously. The bits of the incoming digital data are split up and sent in parallel over the channels. Each data stream is sent using an error-correcting code to allow minor bit errors due to noise to be corrected at the receiving end. Most of the channels are unidirectional, carrying download data from the DSLAM to the modem, but some on the low freqency end are bidirectional, to carry the smaller quantity of upload traffic. The modem constantly monitors the transmission quality on each channel, and if it is too impaired it will shift the signal to other channels. The modem is constantly shifting data between channels searching for the best transmission rates. Thus interference or poor quality lines will generally not interrupt transmission, but only cause the data rate of the modem to degrade. 
For example, when downloading a web page, the packets of web page data travel over optical fiber Internet lines directly to the DSLAM at the neighborhood telephone exchange. At the DSLAM they are split into as many as 247 parallel data streams. Each is modulated onto a separate carrier signal and sent through a separate frequency channel over the subscriber's telephone line to the DSL modem. The modem demodulates the carrier, extracting the data stream from each carrier signal, performs error correction, puts the data together again in the proper order, and sends it to the computer over the Ethernet line.
Filters.
To prevent the DSL signal from entering the phone lines into telephones, answering machines, faxes and other devices where it could cause interference, DSL modems come with low pass filters which must be plugged into the phone lines going to all voiceband devices on the same line. The filter blocks all frequencies above 4 kHz, so it blocks the DSL signal while allowing voice frequency signals through. A filter must not be inserted in the phone line going to the DSL modem, because it would block the communication between the modem and switching center.
Comparison to voice-band modems.
A DSL modem modulates high-frequency tones for transmission to a digital subscriber line access multiplexer (DSLAM), and receives and demodulates them from the DSLAM. It serves fundamentally the same purpose as the voice-band modem that was a mainstay in the late 20th century, but differs from it in important ways.
Most of these differences are of little interest to consumers, except the greater speed of DSL and the ability to use the telephone even when the computer is online.
Because a single phone line commonly carries DSL and voice, DSL filters are used to separate the two uses.
Hardware components.
As technology advances, functions that are provided by multiple chips can be integrated onto one chip. Higher levels of integration have benefited DSL just as they benefited other computer hardware. A DSL modem requires the following for its operation; exactly what is on the circuit card and how it is arranged can change as technology improves:
Service features.
Apart from connecting to a DSL service, many modems offer additional integrated features, forming a residential gateway:

</doc>
<doc id="2895888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895888" title="Richard Geoffrey Pine-Coffin">
Richard Geoffrey Pine-Coffin

Colonel Richard Geoffrey Pine-Coffin DSO & Bar, MC (2 December 1908 – 28 February 1974) was a parachute officer of the British Army during World War II. He commanded the 3rd Parachute Battalion in North Africa and the 7th (Light Infantry) Parachute Battalion in Normandy, Belgium, and Germany. His troops, amused by the unusual applicability of his family name (soldiers were usually buried in simple pine wood coffins), referred to him as "Wooden Box".
Early life.
Born to John Edward Pine-Coffin and Louise Pine-Coffin at Portledge, the Pine-Coffin family estate in Devon, he was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. His family had a long tradition of serving in the British armed forces; his father, a brevet major in the British Army, served with the mounted infantry in the Second Boer War (gaining the Distinguished Service Order) and died in 1919, whilst his uncle, Lieutenant Tristram James Pine-Coffin served in World War I and died in northwestern Russia in 1919.
During World War II, R. G. Pine-Coffin's brother, E. C. Pine-Coffin, served in Malaya as a lieutenant-colonel in the British Indian Army and was captured by the Japanese after the fall of Singapore in 1942. R. G. himself had been commissioned into his local infantry regiment, the Devonshire Regiment, as a second lieutenant in 1928. He was promoted lieutenant in 1931 and captain in 1938. He was promoted major (war substantive) shortly after the beginning of the Second World War.
World War II.
North Africa.
After the 2nd Parachute Battalion was formed on 30 September 1941, Pine-Coffin was attached from the Devons to the battalion. He subsequently moved to the 3rd Parachute Battalion in 1942 as second-in-command. He later became its commanding officer after becoming a temporary lieutenant-colonel.
After the Allied landings against Axis-occupied northwestern Africa in November, 1942, the 1st Parachute Brigade was ordered to Algeria and the 3rd Battalion was sent ahead, landing in Algiers via Gibraltar. The battalion's first operation came on the morning of 12 November, when it was dropped over a strategically important arfield near Bóne by the US 64th Troop Carrier Group. They had landed just minutes before German paratroopers were able to carry out a similar operation, which was aborted after the presence of British paratroopers was realised. The only German opposition to the 3rd Battalion came from Ju 87 Stuka dive-bombers, which had little impact. The airfield was reinforced later in the day by commandos and Spitfires. Pine-Coffin's battalion was withdrawn days later. 
The 3rd Battalion served in North Africa until the end of the campaign in 1943, notably at Bou Arada and Tamera. Pine-Coffin's actions during the campaign resulted in him being awarded the Military Cross.
Pine-Coffin's tenure as the 3rd Battalions' commanding officer ended when he was called back to Britain, at a time when the battalion was preparing to take part in the Allied airborne assault on Sicily. He was appointed commanding officer of the 7th (Light Infantry) Parachute Battalion (formerly 10th Battalion, The Somerset Light Infantry), which formed part of the 5th Parachute Brigade, 6th Airborne Division.
Normandy.
With the 7th Battalion, Pine-Coffin played an important role in the 6th Airborne Division's Operation Deadstick airborne assault around the River Orne in the early hours of 6 June 1944. His battalion was tasked with reinforcing Major John Howard's 181-strong coup de main force, which had seized the Pegasus and Horsa Bridges. The successful defence of these bridges was vital to 6th Airborne Division's objective of securing the Allied eastern flank. The bridges were to be held until relieved later on in the day following the Allied amphibious landings. 
Pine-Coffin dropped with his battalion at 00:50; they began to arrive at the bridges at about 01:40, taking up positions in Bénouville and Le Port, west of Caen Canal. With 7th Battalion's arrival, Pine-Coffin succeeded Major Howard to command of the bridges' defence. The 5th Parachute Brigade's position was precarious; 7th Battalion had been scattered and could only muster about 40% of its strength, while the 12th Battalion was in a similar situation at Ranville, east of the Orne. Pine-Coffin's battalion came under sustained attack by the 716th Infantry Division and elements of the 21st Panzer Division but they, with difficulty, held their positions. The first relief for the beleaguered troops came at about 13:30, when elements of Lord Lovat's 1st Special Service Brigade arrived from Sword Beach and crossed the bridges to reinforce the Ranville positions. The 7th Battalion's own relief would not begin until the arrival of the 3rd Infantry Division's 2nd Royal Warwickshire Regiment at 21:15. 
The 7th Battalion was moved to positions east of the Orne when their withdrawal from the bridges was completed. After a German assault by the 346th Infantry Division was driven off on 10 June, Pine-Coffin was ordered to plan for an operation to take the Le Mariquet woods, which the remnants of the German attacking force had retreated into. Just two of the 7th battalion's companies were present, but they were, with support from tanks, successful in taking the woods, and captured up to 100 soldiers. The 7th Battalion would continue to be engaged in bloody defensive battles in the area until the Allied breakout and advance to the Seine in August. Despite concerns by Pine-Coffin that his battalion was greatly fatigued, the 7th Battalion maintained its involvement in the intense Allied advance. Finally, in mid-September, the 6th Airborne Division was withdrawn back to Britain to recuperate and reorganise. 
Pine-Coffin was one of many soldiers awarded medals for their service in Normandy; he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) for his command of the Caen Canal bridge's defence on 6 June.
Belgium and Germany.
After Germany launched its Ardennes Offensive in December, the 6th Airborne Division was rushed to Belgium to reinforce the Allied defence. Pine-Coffin's battalion and most of the division had only limited involvement (compared to US forces) and, after Germany's offensive was defeated in January, were withdrawn to the Netherlands and thence to Britain in February 1945.
The 7th Battalion next saw active service in the Allied airborne assault over the Rhine on 24 March 1945. Pine-Coffin was awarded a Bar to his DSO for the important role he played in the success of the operation, which was the 7th Battalion's last parachute jump of the war. His battalion's objective was to seize and hold positions near Hamminkeln, to act as a covering force for the rest of 5th Brigade in its advance on the main objectives. The battalion was the last of its brigade to make the drop, doing so whilst subject to fierce German attack from flak and other ground forces.
During heavy fighting to take the battalion's objectives, Pine-Coffin sustained serious wounds to his face; he refused to leave for treatment and continued to move around his battalion's positions encouraging his men. He was (according to the citation for the bar to his DSO) instrumental in rallying his battalion to hold out against German counter-attacks, which played a pivotal role in the successful completion of the Brigade's main objectives. The 7th Battalion was subsequently withdrawn to 5th Brigade's main positions. The battalion ended its war with the rest of the division at the Baltic port of Wismar, in May 1945.
Later life.
In August 1945 he was promoted to substantive major; he continued to command the 7th Battalion as a temporary lieutenant-colonel, serving in the Far East and Palestine, until he left them in 1947. He was Mentioned in Despatches for service in Burma in 1946. He was promoted to the substantive rank of lieutenant-colonel on 3 July 1948 and took command of the 1st Battalion, The Devonshire Regiment in Malaya. Pine-Coffin commanded the battalion through the early stages of the Malayan Emergency and oversaw its move to Colchester in February 1951. He received a further Mention in Despatches for his Malayan service.
He left the Devons soon after, returning to the Parachute Regiment as its regimental colonel and commander of Depot The Parachute Regiment and Airborne Forces, a post he held from 1952 to 1955. He then became commandant of the Army MT School and garrison commander at Bordon. He retired on 20 December 1958 and was granted the honorary rank of colonel with reserve liability (which expired in 1963). He died on 28 February 1974, in the Royal Naval Hospital Haslar, survived by his son Peter. 
Pine-Coffin's World War II diaries were the basis for the 2003 book "The Tale of Two Bridges", adapted by Barbara Maddox and self-published by his son, Peter Pine-Coffin.
Honours and awards.
Richard Pine-Coffin's ribbons as they would appear today.

</doc>
<doc id="2895890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895890" title="Direct navigation">
Direct navigation

Direct navigation describes the method individuals use to navigate the World Wide Web in order to arrive at specific websites. Direct navigation is a 10 year old term which is generally understood to include type-in traffic.
Direct navigation traffic was first discovered circa 1996. The few lucky domainers who had premium names and analyzed their traffic found people were typing in their domain names and bypassing search engines. Many of them immediately realized the potential of these domain names. At that time the direct navigation segment of the World Wide Web was born.
Domainers describe direct navigation as an Internet user navigating to a website directly through the browser address bar. They bypass online search engines by typing a name like "hotels" and adding ".com". For that reason direct navigation traffic is more valuable than search engine traffic since it is better targeted. Short words that describe large segments of a market are the most valuable direct navigation names. Domainers call these names premium names and they have sold in the millions of dollars year after year since 1997.
Marketers also include bookmarked traffic in the direct navigation group. Domainers do not consider bookmarked traffic as direct navigation since in most cases they do not involve a direct navigation premium domain name. A bookmark is made when an internet user actively adds a URL to their list of bookmarked pages. This is very different from using the browser address line to navigate to a premium domain name like hotels.com. Hence the inclusion of bookmarked traffic is not included in the domainer's version of the direct navigation market.
A 2005 study of Internet traffic by WebSideStory's StatMarket division revealed that direct navigation traffic such as browser type-in traffic, bookmarks of existing sites, and visits to existing, known website domain names converts into sales for advertisers at 4.23% of total visits compared to 2.3% for product and service related searches performed via the search box at search engines such as Google and Yahoo.
In September, 2008, the first direct navigation search engine, ubexact.com was released. In addition to providing results by type in traffic, the search engine utilized new proprietary technology that was able to provide "in context" search results from one URL to the next URL.

</doc>
<doc id="2895892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895892" title="Western Sea">
Western Sea

Western Sea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2895895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895895" title="Mick Leahy (explorer)">
Mick Leahy (explorer)

Michael "Mick" James Leahy MBE (26 February 1901 - 7 March 1979) was an Australian explorer and colonialist, famed for his discovery of the Highlands area of Papua New Guinea. He photographed, filmed and published many of his explorations widely.
Biography.
Early life.
Leahy was born in Toowoomba, Queensland, the fourth of nine children of Irish migrants Daniel Leahy, a railway guard, and his wife Ellen, née Stone. After an education at the Christian Brothers' College in Toowoomba, Leahy initially worked as a railway clerk before leaving to become a freelance timber cutter. He abandoned this in 1926 upon hearing about the Edie Creek gold strike in New Guinea. He was soon followed to New Guinea by his brothers Paddy, Jim and Danny, while another brother, Tom, remained in Toowoomba.
After suffering from an almost fatal bout of malaria upon trying to reach the gold fields, Leahy instead took a construction and labour management job.
Explorer.
Mick Leahy with Mick Dwyer walked across New Guinea in 1930 and disproved the prevailing opinion that the interior of the island was unpopulated.
Mick and his brother Danny were leaders of the 1933 expedition that opened up the Wahgi valley of the Western Highlands.
He was one of the first Europeans to reach and climb the country's second tallest mountain – Mount Giluwe (1934). However, Jack Hides had also laid claim to be the first to discover Mount Giluwe, so Leahy went to England in 1935 and forced the Royal Geographical Society to set up a hearing into the two opposing claims. The following year Leahy was awarded a grant from the Society and published his discoveries in their journal.
During the Second World War he joined the Royal Australian Air Force as a flight lieutenant and was assigned to the US chief engineer to build an airstrip in Telefomin. For his services during the war Leahy was awarded the US Medal of Freedom with bronze palm in 1948, appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1952 and made an honorary member of the Explorers Club in 1959.
The 1983 award-winning documentary film 'First Contact' is about the exploration of the Wahgi Valley and Mount Hagen in Papua New Guinea based on much of Leahy's footage.
He died at Zenag in Morobe province, in 1979.
Bibliography.
Books and papers authored or coauthored by Leahy include:

</doc>
<doc id="2895896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895896" title="Bill Switzer">
Bill Switzer

Bill Switzer (born March 28, 1984) is a Canadian actor. He is perhaps best known for his work on the animated television series series "Mummies Alive!". He has also played the title roles in ' and "Sabrina, the Animated Series". While he has voiced several roles in anime, he was also Philthy from "MythQuest" and the voice of Harvey Kinkle from "Sabrina, the Animated Series" and Sam "Cannonball" Guthrie from '. His full name is William Ashton Switzer. He has 2 younger sisters.
Switzer was one of six finalists for the 10th annual YTV Achievement Awards in the category of Acting. The YTV Achievement Awards honour youth that have made a significant achievement in one of fifteen categories.

</doc>
<doc id="2895898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895898" title="Attornment">
Attornment

Attornment (from Fr. "tourner", "to turn"), in English real property law, is the acknowledgment of a new lord by the tenant on the alienation of land. Under the feudal system, the relations of landlord and tenant were to a certain extent reciprocal. So it was considered unreasonable to the tenant to subject him to a new lord without his own approval, and it thus came about that alienation could not take place without the consent of the tenant. Attornment was also extended to all cases of lessees for life or for years. The necessity for attornment was abolished by an act of 1705. 
An attornment-clause, in mortgages, is a clause whereby the mortgagor attorns tenant to the mortgagee, thus giving the mortgagee the right to distrain, as an additional security.
As used in modern legal transactions, the term attornment refers to an acknowledgment of the existence of the relationship of landlord and tenant. A tenant often has the duty under the tenant's lease, particularly in commercial leases, to provide an attornment upon request, and is required by a creditor or potential buyer of property from the landlord to establish the nature of existing encumbrances on and income streams flowing from a property, as an element of the due diligence process associated with the transaction. Frequently, a tenant must declare the existence of any outstanding disputes with the landlord at the time the attornment is executed and waives any dispute not declared at that time.
A request for an attornment from a tenant which is refused can be used by a landlord as a basis for establishing grounds for eviction on the grounds of insecurity that the lease will be honored, or the existence of an actual case or controversy suitable for resolution in a declaratory judgment action. 

</doc>
<doc id="2895906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895906" title="Sharon Alexander">
Sharon Alexander

Sharon Alexander is an actress. Most of her roles have involved voice-over work.

</doc>
<doc id="2895907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895907" title="Ablach">
Ablach

Ablach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2895908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895908" title="Vicia pyrenaica">
Vicia pyrenaica

Vicia pyrenaica is a species from the large penus "Vicia". It is grown as an ornamental and is a hardy perennial with compact foliage that produces deep crimson flowers in Summer.

</doc>
<doc id="2895911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895911" title="Alloway Creek">
Alloway Creek

Alloway Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in Salem County, southwestern New Jersey in the U.S.
The headwaters of the creek are to the southeast of Daretown, in Upper Pittsgrove Township. It flows roughly parallel and to the south of Commissioners Pike, meeting Cool Run before turning west and flowing under the pike. Entering a marshy area, it meets an unnamed tributary and flows under Alloway Road. Here the creek enters Alloway Lake, formed by a dam at the town of Alloway and the largest lake in Salem County. Cedar Brook also feeds the lake, entering from the south.
Below the dam at Alloway, the creek becomes a tidal marsh and meadow estuary. About a mile west of the dam, Deep Run enters from the south. The meanders of the creek become pronounced as the creek turns to flow southwest towards Quinton, where it receives the outlet of Laurel Lake, the water supply for Salem. Route 49 crosses the creek at Quinton. Below Hancock's Bridge, the creek enters the marshes fringing the Delaware. A network of estuarine channels known as Abbotts Meadow lies on the north side. On the south side, a channel has been cut across a meander; Alloway Hope Halfway, a tidal channel connecting with Hope Creek, enters the south side of the meander loop there. The island in the middle of the loop and the land on the south bank from the meander to the mouth are part of Mad Horse Creek Wildlife Management Area.
The Alloway Creek watershed is , accounting for about 20% of Salem County land area, and providing a habitat essential for commercial and sport fishing, hunting and trapping.
A volunteer organization called Delaware Riverkeeper has a monitoring site at the Route 49 bridge in Quinton. As of 1995, Riverkeepers regularly tested the surface water and recorded stream conditions. The goal of Riverkeeper is to ensure that the Delaware River and every tributary stream of the watershed is actively protected by local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="2895919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895919" title="Harley Owners Group">
Harley Owners Group

The Harley Owners Group (HOG) is a sponsored community marketing club, operated by Harley-Davidson for enthusiasts of that brand's motorcycles. The HOG is "the grandaddy of all community-building efforts," serving to promote not just a consumer product, but a lifestyle. The HOG has also served to open new revenue streams for the company, with the production of tie-in merchandise offered to club members, numbering over one million strong, making it the largest factory-sponsored riding club in the world. The Harley-Davidson community was the prototype for the ethnographic term "subculture of consumption", defined as "a distinctive subgroup of society that self-selects on the basis of a shared commitment to a particular product class, brand, or consumption activity."
The Harley Owners Group was created in 1983 as a way to build longer-lasting and stronger relationships with Harley-Davidson's customers, by making ties between the company, its employees, and consumers. HOG members typically spend 30% more than other Harley owners, on such items as clothing and Harley-Davidson-sponsored events. Much of the intent of this branding effort is presenting Harley-Davidson as an American icon, with the focus on authenticity and pride in being American-made. All of this is credited with turning flagging sales around, and allowing the Harley-Davidson company to grow again.
Organization.
Each Harley-Davidson dealership has the opportunity to sponsor a local HOG Chapter. Some do not, but no chapters exist without a link to a sponsoring dealership. Chapters are supported by the national HOG group, a subsidiary of Harley-Davidson, in Milwaukee, WI. Chapters elect officers from within their membership, produce a newsletter, and organize events throughout the year. Most events are ride-related. HOG Chapters are volunteer organizations that collect dues from members to subsidize the costs of events and the administrative costs of running the chapter.
Events.
On the chapter level, most HOG events are member-only rides. Most states have an annual rally that is open to all HOG members, regardless of chapter affiliation. Nationally, each year several events, rallies, and rolling rallies are presented by HOG for all members.
Charitable work.
Nationally, HOG's official charity is the Muscular Dystrophy Association. HOG chapters are encouraged to support the MDA and/or other charities, though supporting a charity is not a requirement of a HOG chapter.

</doc>
<doc id="2895926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895926" title="Assiscunk Creek">
Assiscunk Creek

The Assiscunk Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in southwestern New Jersey in the United States.
The name Assiscunk (also spelled Assiscunke or Essiscunk) came from the Lenape language meaning "muddy creek". Other names were Wissahisk River, Birch Creek, and Barracks Creek.
The Assiscunk is approximately 17 miles (27 km) long, and drains an area of approximately 60 sq. miles (155 sq km) of Burlington County, New Jersey. It originates in Springfield Township, and soon forms the border between Springfield and Mansfield Townships. It is fed by Annaricken Brook, and then by Crafts Creek just at the U.S. Route 206 crossing. Assiscunk Branch and Barkers Brook enter between Route 206 and the New Jersey Turnpike crossing. The creek begins to widen on the outskirts of Burlington City, where it empties into the Delaware. Wetlands along the creek are habitats for many species, among them the Bog turtle, which is considered a threatened and endangered species.

</doc>
<doc id="2895929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895929" title="Body flex">
Body flex

Body flex is a lack of rigidity in a motor vehicle's chassis. It is often something to be avoided by car manufacturers as higher levels of body flex is a sign of structural weakness, and means that the vehicle's suspension cannot work as efficiently - the body takes up some of the 'slack', rather than the parts of the car which were specifically designed for this purpose. A chassis that flexes may be prone to fatigue and further "softening" with use will eventually result in failure. Cars of a sporting nature are, therefore, often very 'stiff', while convertibles or cabriolets are not often considered to be good candidates for high-performance sports cars because of their lack of a rigid roof.
Although, for some time, body flex was a result of attempts to keep a car's weight down, makers such as Audi (the A8), and Jaguar (with the 2003 XJ8) have employed the use of aluminium in chassis production to get around this obstacle, ensuring the weight of these cars and their level of body flex can "both" be kept to a minimum.
Typically, the stiffness of the body is measured in torsion. The body is supported at the spring caps at the rear, and then a torque is applied to the front spring caps via a long beam and a fulcrum. Values achieved range from per degree for pre-War racing cars, up to per degree for some modern production vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="2895931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895931" title="Danny Kirwan">
Danny Kirwan

Daniel David "Danny" Kirwan (born 13 May 1950) is a British musician best known for his role as guitarist, singer and songwriter with the blues-rock band Fleetwood Mac between 1968 and 1972.
Biography.
Early career.
Kirwan was born in Brixton, South London, and his guitar skills started attracting attention at an early age. He was still only 17 when he came to the attention of established British blues band Fleetwood Mac, while he was playing in London with his first band Boilerhouse, with Trevor Stevens on bass guitar and Dave Terrey on drums. He persuaded Mac's producer Mike Vernon to go and watch Boilerhouse rehearse (in a South London basement boiler-room), and Vernon then informed Fleetwood Mac founder Peter Green of his discovery. Green was impressed and Boilerhouse began playing support slots for Fleetwood Mac at London venues like John Gee's Marquee Club in Wardour Street, allowing Kirwan and Green to jam together and get to know each other. 
Green took a managerial interest in Boilerhouse but Stevens and Terrey were not prepared to turn professional at the time, so Green put an advert in the Melody Maker to find another rhythm section to back Kirwan. Over 300 applicants replied but after several auditions, none was deemed good enough to replace the pair by the hard to please Green, so another solution was found. Fleetwood Mac had been constituted as a quartet, but Green had been looking for another guitarist to share some of the workload, in view of slide guitarist Jeremy Spencer's unwillingness to contribute much to Green's songs. Drummer Mick Fleetwood, previously a member of John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers, suggested to Green that Kirwan could join Fleetwood Mac, and although neither Green, bassist John McVie (both also former Bluesbreakers), nor Spencer were entirely convinced, Fleetwood asked Kirwan to join the band in August 1968. Kirwan's arrival expanded Fleetwood Mac to a five-piece with three guitarists. He played his first gig with the band on 14 August at the Nag's Head Blue Horizon Club in Battersea, London.
In an interview with Mike Vernon in June 1999, Green described Kirwan as "a clever boy who got ideas for his guitar playing by listening to all that old-fashioned roaring twenties big band stuff." He added that in those early days, Kirwan "was so into it that he cried as he played".
Fleetwood Mac.
Kirwan's first recorded work with the band was on the huge instrumental hit single "Albatross". Green later stated that, "I would never have done "Albatross" if it wasn't for Danny. I would never have had a number one hit record." The B-side of the single was Kirwan's first published tune, the instrumental "Jigsaw Puzzle Blues". This was an old clarinet piece, written by Joe Venuti and Adrian Rollini, and recorded by the Joe Venuti / Eddie Lang Blue Five in 1933. Kirwan had adapted the piece for himself and Green to play on guitar, but Green remembered, "I couldn't do it properly... My style wasn't all that satisfactory to Danny, but his style wasn't all that satisfactory to me." So Kirwan played all the guitar parts himself.
Kirwan's skills came further to the forefront on the mid-1969 album "Then Play On" where he split the songwriting and lead vocal duties almost equally with Green, with many of the performances featuring their dual lead Gibson Les Paul guitars. Since Spencer hardly played on the album, Kirwan had a significant role in the recording. In fact, his "Coming Your Way" opened Side 1, and his varied musical influences are in evidence throughout, from the flowing instrumental "My Dream" to the 1930s-style "When You Say", which Green had earmarked to be a single until his own composition, "Oh Well", took shape and was chosen instead.
The UK release of "Then Play On" featured two extra, slightly older, Kirwan recordings – the sad blues "Without You", and the heavy "One Sunny Day", which was later covered by American blues musician Tinsley Ellis on his 1997 album "Fire It Up". The US-only release "English Rose" from the same era included these two songs, plus the tense blues "Something Inside of Me" and the aforementioned "Jigsaw Puzzle Blues", both also dating from earlier sessions.
When the US track listing of "Then Play On" was reordered to allow the inclusion of the full version of Green's hit single "Oh Well", two of Kirwan's songs ("My Dream" and "When You Say") were dropped. Only "Coming Your Way", the wistful "Although the Sun Is Shining", and his duet with Green "Like Crying" appeared on all the later non-UK vinyl releases. On the 1990 CD release, Kirwan's two dropped songs were reinstated, although "One Sunny Day" and "Without You" were now absent from releases in all territories, including the UK. The 2013 CD release restored the original UK track order, with "Without You" and "One Sunny Day" included.
Archival packages from this era, such as the "Vaudeville Years" and "Show-Biz Blues" double sets, include many more Kirwan songs, showing blues influences as well as the more arcane tastes that led to songs like "Tell Me from the Start" which could have been mistaken for the 1920s-style group The Temperance Seven. Such unusual musical interests prompted band leader Green to dub Kirwan "Ragtime Cowboy Joe".
Although Fleetwood Mac's hit singles from 1969 to 1970 were all Green-penned tunes, Kirwan's style showed through thanks to Green's increasing desire not to act as the band's main focus. He joined Green in the dual guitar harmonies on "Albatross", and took the solo on "Oh Well Pt. 1". The final hit single from this line-up, "The Green Manalishi", was recorded in a difficult session after Green had announced he was leaving the band. Producer Martin Birch recalls Green growing increasingly frustrated at the results of the session, but that Kirwan reassured him that they would stay there all night until they got it right.
The B-side of "The Green Manalishi" was the instrumental "World in Harmony", the only track ever to receive a "Kirwan/Green" joint songwriting credit. Jeremy Spencer recalled that Kirwan and Green had begun to piece their guitar parts together "almost like orchestrally layered guitar work", something in which Spencer was not interested. Kirwan and Green had already worked on melodic twin guitar demos that sparked rumours in the music press in late 1969 of a duelling guitars project, which ultimately never came to fruition.
Despite the closeness of their musical partnership, Kirwan and Green did not always get on well personally, with Kirwan's short temper being a problem. Although Kirwan had high musical standards and concentrated more on rehearsing than the other members, with Green recalling that Kirwan always had to arrive anywhere an hour early, Green was far more talented when it came to improvisational skills. Roadie Dennis Keane suggested that the success of "Albatross" and the follow-up single "Man of the World" went to Kirwan's head, and he became more confident, to the point of trying to pressure Green and compete with him. However, others, like producer Martin Birch, remember that Kirwan was often seeking reassurance from Green, and that he was always in awe of him: "I often got the impression that Danny was looking for Peter's approval."
After rumours in the music press in early 1970 that Kirwan would leave Fleetwood Mac, it was Green who left in May of that year, and Kirwan later said that he was not surprised at his departure: "We played well together but we didn't get on. I was a bit temperamental you see."
Sessions away from Fleetwood Mac.
In January 1969, Kirwan made his first non–Fleetwood Mac appearance when he contributed to Otis Spann's blues album "The Biggest Thing Since Colossus", along with Green and McVie. After "Then Play On" had been completed, Kirwan worked on Christine McVie's first solo album, simply titled "Christine Perfect" as she was still using her maiden name at that time. She recorded a version of Kirwan's "When You Say" which was chosen as a single, and Kirwan arranged the string section and acted as producer as well.
Kirwan also worked on the first solo album from a then-current member of Fleetwood Mac, when Jeremy Spencer released his eponymously titled album in 1970. Kirwan played rhythm guitar and sang backing vocals throughout. The album was not commercially successful but Spencer discovered that he and Kirwan worked well together without Green: "In retrospect, one of the most enjoyable things was working with Danny on it, as it brought out a side of him I hadn't seen."
Kirwan was also asked to contribute as a session guitarist with the blues band Tramp on their album "Tramp" (1969). After he left Fleetwood Mac, Kirwan worked with Tramp again on their second album, "Put a Record On" (1974), and also with Chris Youlden of Savoy Brown on his solo album "Nowhere Road" (1973).
"Kiln House".
After Green left in 1970, the band considered splitting up, but they continued briefly as a four-piece before recruiting keyboard player Christine McVie. Kirwan and Spencer handled the guitars and vocals together on the "Kiln House" album, released in the summer of that year, and they were able to continue the working relationship they had started during the recording of Spencer's solo album the previous year.
Kirwan's songs on the album included "Station Man" (co-written with Spencer and John McVie) which became a live staple for some years, stretching into the post-1974 Buckingham-Nicks era. His other songs were "Jewel-Eyed Judy", dedicated to a friend of the band, Judy Wong; the energetic "Tell Me All the Things You Do", and "Earl Gray", an atmospheric instrumental which Kirwan largely composed while Peter Green was still in the band. Kirwan could also be heard providing distinctive backing vocals to some of Spencer's numbers, such as the 1950s-flavoured album opener, "This Is the Rock".
Other Kirwan compositions from the second half of 1970, such as those that eventually surfaced on the 2003 "Madison Blues" CD box set, included "Down at the Crown", with lyrics centring on a pub down the lane from the communal band house 'Benifold' in Headley, Hampshire. The unsuccessful single "Dragonfly", recorded late in the year, was also written by Kirwan, and included lyrics adapted from a poem by W. H. Davies. Peter Green said of "Dragonfly", "The best thing he ever wrote... that should have been a hit." This was not to be the last time Kirwan used a poem as lyrics for a song, and may have been a solution to Kirwan's apparent occasional lack of inspiration when writing lyrics. The B-side of the single, "The Purple Dancer", was written by Kirwan, Fleetwood and John McVie and uniquely featured Kirwan and Spencer duetting on lead vocals.
Kirwan and Bob Welch.
Two tours of the USA followed in support of "Kiln House", but the second, in early 1971, was blighted by Spencer's bizarre departure from the group, when he disappeared one afternoon in Los Angeles, and was later discovered to have joined the religious cult the Children of God. After an uncomfortable time finishing the tour, during which Peter Green was asked to come back and help out, Californian Bob Welch was recruited to replace Spencer, without an audition as such, after a brief period getting to know the band. Welch's contrasting attitudes towards Kirwan, on the one hand their difficult personal relationship, and on the other, Welch's respect for Kirwan's musicianship, were a point of focus during the 18 months they were together in Fleetwood Mac. In 1999, Welch stated: "He was a talented, gifted musician, almost equal to Pete Green in his beautiful guitar playing and faultless string bends." In a later interview, Welch said: "Danny wasn't a very lighthearted person, to say the least. He probably shouldn't have been drinking as much as he did, even at his young age... He was always very intense about his work, as I was, but he didn't seem to ever be able to distance himself from it... and laugh about it. Danny was the definition of 'deadly serious'."
The last two Fleetwood Mac albums to feature Kirwan showed an increasing maturity in his songwriting and playing, his songs taking up about half of each album. His guitar work also showed noticeably in several songs written by Welch and McVie, as they developed their own songwriting techniques. "Future Games", released in 1971, was a departure from its predecessor with the clear absence of Spencer and his 50s rock 'n' roll parodies. Welch brought a couple of new songs, notably the lengthy title track, which featured both guitarists playing long instrumental sections. Kirwan contributed the opener "Woman of 1000 Years" which, according to one unknown critic at the time, "floated on a languid sea of echo-laden acoustic and electric guitars". His other songs were the melodic "Sands of Time" which was chosen as a single in the USA, and the country-flavoured "Sometimes" which suggested the route he would take during his solo career. Kirwan's influence can also clearly be heard on the two Christine McVie songs, "Morning Rain" and the laid-back and gentle "Show Me a Smile".
The following year, "Bare Trees" was released, containing five Kirwan songs including another instrumental, "Sunny Side of Heaven", and the album-closer "Dust" with its lyric taken from a romantic poem by British war poet Rupert Brooke, although Brooke was not credited. "Danny's Chant" featured heavy use of the wah-wah guitar effect and was effectively an instrumental piece but for Kirwan's wordless scat vocals. "Bare Trees" and "Child of Mine", the latter touching upon the absence of Kirwan's father during his childhood, opened each side of the LP and showed funk and slight jazz leanings. An unissued Kirwan track, "Trinity", was played live for a period during 1971–1972 and the studio version was eventually released on the 1992 box set "25 Years – The Chain".
Fired from Fleetwood Mac.
Kirwan shouldered much of the songwriting responsibility during this troubled and uncertain period for the band, through the changes in both the line-up and in musical style. The pressure showed in his health and he suffered problems with alcoholism; stories abound of Kirwan not eating for several days at a time, subsisting largely on beer. He gradually became estranged from the other band members, and things came to a head during the autumn of 1972. Before a concert on that year's US tour, Kirwan and Welch rowed over tuning and Kirwan flew into a rage, banging his head and fists against the wall, then smashing his Gibson Les Paul guitar and refused to go onstage. Instead he watched while the rest of the band struggled through without him, and offered unwelcome criticism afterwards. Kirwan had to be sacked by Fleetwood, who had hitherto been the only other member still speaking to him. Fleetwood later said: "It was a torment for him, really, to be up there, and it reduced him to someone who you just looked at and thought 'My God'. It was more a thing of, although he was asked to leave, the way I was looking at it was, I hoped, it was almost putting him out of his agony." He later commented, "I don't think he's ever forgiven me really."
Kirwan's reaction was initially one of surprise, and it seemed he had little idea of how alienated from the other band members he had become, but shortly afterwards he met up with his replacement Bob Weston. Weston described the meeting: "He was aware that I was taking over, and rather sarcastically wished me the best of luck – then paused and added, 'You're gonna need it.' I read between the lines that he was pretty angry with the band."
Solo career and beyond.
In early 1974, Kirwan and another recently-fired member of Fleetwood Mac, Dave Walker, joined forces with keyboardist Paul Raymond, bassist Andy Silvester and drummer Mac Poole to form a short-lived band called Hungry Fighter. This group played only one gig, at the University of Surrey in Guildford, England, which was not recorded. According to Walker, although Kirwan's playing was "superb", the band did not function properly because "perhaps we were not focused enough musically, and in addition, Danny Kirwan's problems were just starting and this made communication extremely difficult."
Guided by ex-Fleetwood Mac manager Clifford Davis, Kirwan later recorded three solo albums for DJM Records, showing a gentler side as opposed to the blues guitar dynamics of his earlier Fleetwood Mac days. The first of these, "Second Chapter" (1975) was filled with various musical influences, including a style close to that of Paul McCartney late in his Beatles career. Many songs were very simple musically, with little more than infectious melody and basic lyrics to carry them along. Lyrical themes rarely ventured beyond love.
1976's "Midnight in San Juan" featured a reggae-inspired cover of The Beatles' "Let It Be", which was released as a single in the USA. Otherwise, Kirwan tended towards the simple tunes and dispensed with the heavy production which dominated the previous LP. Lyrically the subject matter still largely dwelt upon love, but apparently less cheerfully than before, with growing themes of loneliness and isolation, such as on the closing track "Castaway". There was also a song, "Look Around You", written by fellow Mac refugee Dave Walker, with whom Kirwan had worked in Hungry Fighter a couple of years previously.
Kirwan's last album, "Hello There Big Boy!", featured guitar contributions by his Fleetwood Mac replacement, Bob Weston. Kirwan was not well at this time and it is not clear how much guitar work he contributed to the recording, though he did sing on all the tracks. Far fewer of the songs were self-penned, and there was one song ("Only You") dug up from his Fleetwood Mac days. There were also backing vocalists for the first time, and the musical style was much less distinct. Producer Clifford Davis added the contribution of 87 musicians to the final recording, and later described the album as "so bad".
None of Kirwan's solo releases was commercially successful, which can be largely attributed to his total reluctance to perform live. Kirwan did not play any live gigs after a few shows with Tramp and the single performance with Hungry Fighter, all in 1974, leaving all three of his solo albums completely unsupported by any form of extra exposure or active promotion apart from an irregular string of equally unsuccessful singles. None of his singles saw release in continental Europe, which might have been a source of success given Peter Green's resurgence there, particularly in Germany.
Kirwan was married in 1971, but was divorced a few years later, and he has one son.
Mental health.
During the late 1970s Kirwan's mental health deteriorated significantly and since then he has played no further part in the music industry. During the 1980s and 1990s, he endured a period of homelessness living in London.
In a 2009 BBC TV documentary about Peter Green, Clifford Davis blamed Kirwan's mental deterioration on the same incident that damaged Green's mental stability, i.e. a reaction to LSD taken at a party at a commune in Munich, Germany in late March 1970. Davis stated:
However, other sources do not concur that Kirwan was present at the commune in Munich. Fleetwood Mac roadie Dinky Dawson remembers that the only two to go to the party were Green and another roadie, Dennis Keane, and that Kirwan did not go. Dawson also states that when Keane returned to the band's hotel to explain that Green would not leave the commune, neither Kirwan nor Davis travelled to the commune to fetch Green, leaving that job to Keane, Dawson and Mick Fleetwood. Keane himself concurs with Dawson, except that he telephoned Davis from the commune and did not physically return to the hotel to fetch help, and that Davis accompanied Dawson and Fleetwood to fetch Green. Green also commented, "To my knowledge only Dennis and myself out of the English lot went there." Jeremy Spencer has also stated that he was present at the commune, and has implied that he arrived later with Fleetwood. Neither Keane, Dawson, Green nor Spencer mention Kirwan being present at the commune.
Recent developments.
Kirwan was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998 for his work as part of Fleetwood Mac, although he did not travel to the induction ceremony.
His three solo albums were given a belated CD release in February 2006, but only in Japan. A limited edition of 2,500 copies of "Second Chapter" was issued by Repertoire Records in early 2008. The rights/royalties situation regarding these releases is currently such that it is not commonly known if Kirwan will receive any income from them. Prior to this, only "Second Chapter" had been available on CD, for a brief period in Germany in 1993.
During the mid-2000s, there were rumours of a reunion of the early line-up of Fleetwood Mac, involving Green and Spencer. Although the two guitarists apparently remained unconvinced about a reunion, Kirwan made no comment on the subject. In April 2006, during a question-and-answer session on the "Penguin" Fleetwood Mac fan website, bass player John McVie said of the reunion idea:
Equipment.
Watkins Rapier 33, 1960s British-made Fender Stratocaster-style guitar, with a chambered body. Kirwan's was red, and he used it when in Boilerhouse, and during early Fleetwood Mac performances (e.g. Hyde Park free concert 1968).
1953 Gibson Les Paul Standard, Goldtop, P-90 pickups, no pickguard, later refinished to red.
1959 Gibson Les Paul Standard, Cherry Sunburst, no pickguard.
1959 Gibson Les Paul Standard, Tobacco Sunburst, no pickguard.
1956 Gibson Les Paul Custom, 3 pickup Black Beauty, no pickguard.
Orange Matamp 100W valve amplifier, usually used with two 4 x 12 Orange speaker cabinets (used by the whole band for a period) and separate Orange (valve) spring reverb unit. 
Fender Dual Showman amplifier

</doc>
<doc id="2895932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895932" title="Ted Cole">
Ted Cole

Ted Cole is a voice actor from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Ted Cole studied under his mentor Colby Wilson, and credits all his success to his teaching method of degradation and body envy.
External links.
Www.itsazoo.org

</doc>
<doc id="2895933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895933" title="Portugal national rugby league team">
Portugal national rugby league team

The Portuguese national rugby league team (nicknamed the Roosters) is the national rugby league team of Portugal. The captain of the team is Cronulla Sharks' hooker, Isaac de Gois and their coach is Mal Speers.
History.
2000s.
The Portuguese Rugby League Association (PRLA) was established in January 2005. Based in Marrickville, Sydney, Australia, the founder of the PRLA is an Australian born rugby league supporter, who married into a Portuguese family.
The first meeting of the PRLA was held at the Henson Park Hotel on early September 2005 and was attended by players who would form the nucleus of the team for the first match.
Portugal's first match was played against Fiji A, one month later, at Granville Park, on 8 October, 2005, as part of the Fiji National Day Celebrations.
The team was captained by Isaac de Gois, featuring his brothers Eric and Aaron, as well as their cousin, Fábio de Gois. Born in Madeira, Fábio was playing his first match of rugby league.
Ivan Pacho has the honour of scoring Portugal's first try, in a 40-4 loss.
In 2006, the PRLA entered the team in two sevens tournaments (VB Sevens @ St Marys and the Illawarra Sevens in Wollongong) as well as accepting an offer to play against touring teams from Britain (Great Britain Armed Forces and the British Royal Armoured Corps).
In 2007, Portugal's featured in the VB Sevens at St Marys in February and in October, an International friendly against Malta.
In April 2007, PRLA Executive met with the officials from the Portuguese Rugby Union, who were in Australia for the IRB World Sevens Rugby Tournament. The meeting proved fruitful, with a sporting alliance being established between the two codes. 
In February 2008, Portugal competed in the International Nines at Cabramatta and the Illawarra Sevens as well as an International friendly against Japan in Sydney.
In October 2009, Portugal took on Malta in the Mediterranean Shield. Portugal would suffer their biggest defeat up to date, losing the match 64-6.
2010s.
In 2012, Portugal played in the Cabramatta International Nines tournament. In 2013, Portugal played another International friendly against Japan in Sydney. Portugal won the match in a tight 26-20 result, also withstanding a late Japanese attacking effort on the hooter.
Future plans.
The PRLA has set a Development program for rugby league players aged 14 to 16. The program is aimed at identifying Portuguese rugby league players and providing them with an opportunity to play rugby league for Portugal in Junior Rugby League matches and tournaments.
In Australia, participation in sevens tournaments and international matches against local and touring teams during the rugby league off-season, from October to February.
Overseas, development opportunities in Portugal and other Portuguese communities, worldwide. Plans are underway for an overseas rugby league tour to South Africa in 2010. This tour will see rugby league/union players from Australia, France and Portugal come together for the historic tour. They will be joined by players from South Africa. It is expected this tour will be in May 2010.
There are also other options for the Portuguese Rugby League, including future tournaments in Portugal before heading to Italy for their annual Nines tournament.
Participation in future rugby league World Cup qualifiers will occur once the rugby league is established in Portugal. Portugal will be part of the European Division in World Cup Rugby League qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="2895937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895937" title="Sestao">
Sestao

Sestao is a town and municipality of 30,000 inhabitants located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain. It is in the left bank of the Estuary of Bilbao and part of Bilbao's metropolitan area.
Sestao was the place of the most important steel industry of Biscay, Altos Hornos de Vizcaya.
Neighborhoods.
Sestao is administratively divided into 13 neighborhoods or wards:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2895938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895938" title="Ichimura Tetsunosuke">
Ichimura Tetsunosuke

Although commonly believed to be a fictional character, Ichimura Tetsunosuke was a real member of the Shinsengumi. Born in 1854, Tetsunosuke was the third son of Ichimura Hanemoki. In 1867, he joined the Shinsengumi with his older brother Ichimura Tatsunosuke and was the attendant of Vice Commander Hijikata Toshizō.
In 1868, Tatsunosuke left the Koyochinbutai (the renamed Shinsengumi) after the Battle of Kōshū. However, Tetsunosuke decided to stay with the group. He continued to fight in numerous battles.
During the final battle of the Boshin War, the Battle of Hakodate, Hijikata summoned Ichimura on April 15 (lunar calendar) or May 3 (lunar calendar) 1869, to a private room in an inn. There, Ichimura was entrusted with a death poem, Hijikata's katana, a letter, a photograph of Hijikata, and several strands of Hijikata's hair. He was instructed to bear them to the home of Satō Hikogorō (Hijikata's brother-in-law) in Hino. Ichimura reluctantly carried out his orders, having truly wished to stay with his master and fight to the death. Ichimura learned of his master's death on the boat to Yokohama.
Tetsunosuke arrived in Hino three months later. When he arrived at Sato's home he reported the news, and later recounted that there were none that did not weep. Tetsunosuke stayed at Sato's house for two to three years. Later, he returned to Ōgaki and was reunited with Tatsunosuke.
There are a few theories regarding the date of Ichimura Tetsunosuke's death. While many believe that he joined Saigō Takamori's army and died during the Satsuma Rebellion in 1877, some believe that he died from an illness in 1873. Therefore, the date of his death is uncertain.
Ichimura in fiction.
Ichimura Tetsunosuke is the protagonist of the manga and anime series "Peacemaker Kurogane", which focuses around the exploits of the famous Shinsengumi. He is 15 years old and rather short. His brother Tatsunosuke also joins him for the series.
Ichimura is also featured in the anime series, "Bakumatsu Kikansetsu Irohanihoheto", the short OVA" Hijikata Toshizou - Shiro no Kiseki" and NHK's "".
Ichimura is also a supporting character in "Shin Teito Monogatari", the prequel to the bestselling historical fantasy novel "Teito Monogatari" (Hiroshi Aramata).

</doc>
<doc id="2895949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895949" title="Assunpink Creek">
Assunpink Creek

Assunpink Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in western New Jersey in the United States. The name Assunpink is from the Lenape "Ahsën'pink", meaning "stony, watery place".
Course.
The Assunpink Creek is born in rural Monmouth County, about a mile north of Clarksburg. Flowing westwards, it soon enters the Assunpink Wildlife Management Area, where it has been dammed to form Rising Sun Lake. After an unnamed tributary enters from the south, it enters another reservoir, Assunpink Lake. The two lakes, as well as Stone Tavern Lake on the tributary, are popular fishing spots.
Below Assunpink Lake, the creek flows under Old York Road and flows into Mercer County. New Sharon Branch enters the creek from the south at Carsons Mills. The creek now turns northwest, passing under the New Jersey Turnpike and then U.S. Route 130, just southwest of Windsor. Here, it finally exits the Wildlife Management Area.
Still further northwest, the creek enters Mercer County Park. Bridegroom Run enters from the north side as the creek turns west and is impounded to form Mercer Lake. A small wildlife management area, the Van Nest Refuge, lies along the stream just below the dam. It then passes under Quaker Bridge Road and Interstate 295 before turning southwest and paralleling the Delaware and Raritan Canal. The creek now enters a heavily built-up area, with the Shabakunk Creek and Miry Run entering just above Whitehead Mill Pond, and Pond Run entering near Hutchinson Mills. The now-canalized stream flows past the Trenton Transit Center and finally empties into the Delaware River in Trenton.
History.
On January 2, 1777, during the Second Battle of Trenton of the American Revolutionary War, soldiers of the Continental Army and supporting militias, under the direct command of General George Washington, held a defensive line along the south shore of Assunpink Creek south of Trenton, stretching from the mouth of the creek up to Philip's Mill. The American soldiers successfully repelled several charges by British and Hessian soldiers across a stone bridge over the creek, and also repelled an attempt to ford the creek near its mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="2895958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895958" title="Roth, Bavaria">
Roth, Bavaria

Roth (formerly "Roth bei Nürnberg") is a town in Bavaria, Germany, the capital of the district ("Landkreis") Roth. It is located about 25 km south of Nuremberg.
History.
The town was first mentioned in documents in the year 1060, but settlements at its location date back much further. During the Middle Ages the town was given the right to grant asylum within the city walls. Later this tradition attracted Huguenot refugees who had to flee France because of religious persecution. They brought with them knowledge about the making of wires and founded an industry in Roth which exists until today. It plays host to a yearly Jazz & Blues festival and the Datev Challenge Triathlone.
Main sights.
The main tourist attraction is the Schloss Ratibor, a castle built as a hunting lodge by the Margraves of Brandenburg-Ansbach between 1535 and 1538.
After years of neglect it was sold in 1792 to Johann Philipp Stieber. After being used for nearly a century as court of justice and factory it was refurbished as residence for the Stieber family (created Barons of Stieber by Ludwig III of Bavaria in 1917) between 1892 and 1916.
Different styles were used to redecorate the castle varying from German Renaissance to Louis XVI. The masterpiece of the central block of the four wing castle is the so-called "Prunksaal" with a decoration in Neo-Venetian-Baroque. The painter Ferdinand Wagner the Younger was responsible for most of the paintings in the castle. In 1942 Freifrau Minna von Stieber offered the castle to the city of Roth as a present. Today a museum, a restaurant, the municipal library and the offices and meeting rooms of the city council occupy most parts of the castle.
The Protestant Church was built in the Late Gothic Style between 1511 and 1513. The older Romanesque Tower was incoperated in the building. In 1738 the church was redecorated by Johann David Steingruber in a severe Baroque Style typical for Protestant churches at that time.
After the fire of 1878 a new Neo-Gothic tower was built in the middle axis of the church. Altar and other furnishings were also added during that time.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2895965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895965" title="Crosswicks Creek">
Crosswicks Creek

Crosswicks Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in Burlington County, in western New Jersey in the United States.
Crosswicks Creek watershed encompasses parts of Burlington, Mercer, Monmouth and Ocean Counties. Its headwaters flow from the Fort Dix and McGuire Air Force Base Military Reserves in a northwesterly direction and then turn sharply south where it meets the Delaware River at Bordentown Township. With jets roaring overhead and shells being test fired, the Crosswicks Creek watershed has a set of unique concerns and is the focus of many protection and restoration activities. The New Jersey Department of Transportation has opened the I-295 extension that has had a significantly impact on the Hamilton Marsh, located near the mouth of the Crosswicks. Parts of the marsh were filled in, while new wetlands were created at the expense of established woodlands. As the new road bisects the marsh, interference of wildlife movement patterns may have occurred. In light of these activities, there is tremendous support for the development of a Hamilton Marsh Greenway.
Fossils.
Although most of the creek does not yield particularly abundant deposits of fossils, fossils from the Pleistocene and Cretaceous eras have been found. There exist patches of particularly fossiliferous deposits among mostly non-fossiliferous deposits throughout the creek's path.

</doc>
<doc id="2895966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895966" title="Aue">
Aue

Aue () is a small town in Germany at the outlet of the river Schwarzwasser into the river Mulde in the Ore Mountains, and has roughly 18,000 inhabitants. Aue was the administrative seat of the former district of Aue-Schwarzenberg in Saxony, and is part of the Erzgebirgskreis since August 2008. It belongs to the Silberberg Town League ("Städtebund Silberberg")
The mining town has been known for its copper, titanium, and kaolinite. The town was a machine-building and cutlery manufacturing centre in East German times and is now developing tourism, as the Silver Road ("Silberstraße") runs through town. The town is also known for the football club FC Erzgebirge Aue, which made it into the Second "Bundesliga" in 2003, 2010 and 2012.
Aue was until 1991 a centre of the "Sowjetisch-Deutsche Aktiengesellschaft Wismut" (“Soviet-German Wismut Corporation”, or SDAG Wismut).
Geography.
Neighbouring communities.
Bordering communities are Bad Schlema, Bernsbach, Bockau, Zschorlau, the towns of Lauter, Lößnitz and Schneeberg in the district of Aue-Schwarzenberg as well as the town of Hartenstein in the Zwickauer Land.
Climate.
Aue’s average air temperature is 8.0 °C, and the yearly precipitation is 790 mm.
<br style="clear:left">
History.
The town’s first mention came in 1219 when it was named in a document as "Bertoldus prepositus de Owa". "Owa", later also "Awe" or "Aw" referred to the meadow (although "Aue" in German actually means “floodplain”) at the forks of the Schwarzwasser und Zwickauer Mulde, where the first settlers had their homes next to the small monastery of Zelle, founded in 1173. In 1479, tin and silver mining began, leading to an upswing in the town’s fortunes. In 1526, the "Auerhammer" (ironworks), later called Eisenwerk and now a constituent community of Aue, had its first documentary mention.
The first St. Nicholas' Church, of which no details have been passed down, was located on the former church square, the Kirchplatz (the present Neumarkt) and must have been replaced by a new building between 1625 and 1628. On 4 August 1633 this building, together with a large part of the town, was destroyed in a raid by imperial troops. By 1636 the church had been temporarily rebuilt.
In 1627, Aue was granted market rights by Elector Johann Georg I of Saxony for a yearly market on Saint Bartholomew’s Day (27 August), and in 1632 for a second, the "Katharinenmarkt", on 25 November. In 1635, Veit Hans Schnorr founded the first blue dye works in Saxony in Niederpfannenstiel, now also a constituent community of Aue. From 1711 kaolin was also delivered to Meißen for preparing porcelain. Since the mid-18th century, documents have referred to Aue as a town. In 1897, Zelle was amalgamated with Aue, and Alberoda followed in 1929. Already by 1901, the royal "Amt" court had taken up its function in the town.
One of Saxony’s oldest artworks is the painting from the east wall of the little monastery, which shows Emperor Friedrich I Barbarossa, Mary and a bishop. In the 1930s, it was removed for reasons of restoration, and is now found in the "St.-Annen-Kapelle" near the cathedral in Freiberg. A copy by H. Beck is found in the "Friedenskirche Aue-Zelle" (“Peace Church”).
During World War II, a subcamp of the Flossenbürg concentration camp was located here.
Like Schwarzenberg, the town remained unoccupied for a while after the Second World War ended in 1945.
Until 1994, the town was the administrative seat of the district of Aue. With district reform in Saxony that year, Aue became the administrative seat of the newly formed district of Aue-Schwarzenberg.
Since 1996, there has been a Silberberg Town League ("Städtebund Silberberg"), to which, besides Aue, also belong Schneeberg, Schwarzenberg, Bad Schlema, Lauter and Lößnitz. In November 2006 the mayors of Aue, Lößnitz, Schneeberg and Bad Schlema expressed the intention of amalgamating their respective municipalities into a united town of Silberberg.
Population development.
Development of population figures "(from 1960 on 31 December)":
1 29 October
2 31 August
Economy and infrastructure.
The town has a station at the junction on the Zwickau–Schwarzenberg line and is served by Regionalbahn trains, operated by "Erzgebirgsbahn" (a subsidiary of Deutsche Bahn) between Zwickau and Johanngeorgenstadt.
Coat of arms.
The town’s arms show two wooden bridges, one over the other, in gold on blue over a wavy silver watery surface, each bridge with two little flags on the balustrade flying left.
Town partnerships.
Partnerships have existed since 1990 with the town of Solingen and since 30 November 2003 with the Czech town of Kadaň. Guingamp in France, is the third partner in 2011.
Famous people.
Other celebrities.
For name origin: German placename etymology

</doc>
<doc id="2895975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895975" title="Parks and open spaces in Hounslow">
Parks and open spaces in Hounslow

The London Borough of Hounslow is a peripheral London borough in the south-west of the conurbation; as such part of the Metropolitan Green Belt lies within its boundaries. It has one of London's largest Nature reserves as well as many smaller gardens and sports grounds. The major areas are:
See also.
Hounslow

</doc>
<doc id="2895976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895976" title="Brutus Buckeye">
Brutus Buckeye

Brutus Buckeye (also commonly referred to as Brutus the Buckeye) is the athletics mascot of Ohio State University. Brutus is a student dressed in Buckeye colors with a headpiece resembling an Ohio Buckeye nut. Brutus has appeared since 1890, with periodic updates to design and wardrobe. As a member of the cheerleading team, Brutus Buckeye travels to many events around The Ohio State University and often makes appearances around Columbus.
History.
Ohio State students Ray Bourhis and Sally Huber decided Ohio State needed a mascot in 1965 and convinced the athletic council to study the matter. At the time, mascots were generally animals brought into the stadium or arena. A buck deer was contemplated but rejected as impossible. Instead, the buckeye was selected, as the buckeye is the official state tree of Ohio. A simple papier-mâché chocolate was constructed by students, worn over the head and torso, with legs sticking out. It made its appearance at the Minnesota vs. Ohio State homecoming football game on October 30, 1965. The heavy papier-mâché chocolate did not last and it was soon replaced by a fiberglass shell. On November 21, 1965, The Columbus Dispatch reported that judges picked Brutus Buckeye to be the new mascot's name after a campus-wide "Name the Buckeye" contest. The winning name was the idea of then Ohio State student Kerry J. Reed, 21. "Block O" agreed to care for Brutus in December.
In the early 2000s, the Brutus costume was stolen before a game. The mascot was forced to wear the old costume.
Brutus has a buckeye head and block O hat, scarlet and grey shirt emblazoned "Brutus" and "00", red pants with an Ohio State towel hanging over the front, and high white socks with black shoes. Male and female students both serve as Brutus Buckeye; generally two to five per year.
2010 tackling.
On September 18, 2010, the Ohio Bobcats football team played the Ohio State Buckeyes in Columbus. As the Buckeyes were running onto the field, Brandon Hanning, dressed as Rufus the Bobcat, saw Ohio State mascot Brutus Buckeye leading the team and charged into the field. Hanning failed in his initial sideswiping attempt on Brutus, losing his mascot head in the process. Hanning then got back on his feet and ran after Brutus and jumped on his back and continued to hit the mascot in the head. Hanning was then pulled aside by security who told him to stop. Neither Rufus nor Brutus were harmed during the event. After the game, Hanning was terminated from his position as Ohio's mascot, and was banned from attending Ohio home athletic events.
In a post-game interview, Hanning explained that this was his sole purpose in trying out to be the mascot. "It was actually my whole plan to tackle Brutus when I tried out to be mascot," Hanning explained, "I tried out about a year ago, and the whole reason I tried out was so I could come up here to Ohio State and tackle Brutus." When asked if the attack on Brutus was the first mascot brawl he had been in he replied with, "Before this, I actually got in a fight with the Buffalo mascot. He's a bull. I started it. I was thinking I should go ahead and try out tackling another mascot. I brought a red square cape thing, like in a bullfight. He was just playing around, acting like he was charging me. I tackled him and put him on the ground. It was pretty funny. No one got upset because it wasn't Ohio State."

</doc>
<doc id="2895979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895979" title="Wahlenbergia">
Wahlenbergia

Wahlenbergia is a genus of between 150-270 species of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae, with a cosmopolitan distribution except for North America; the highest species diversity is in Africa and Australasia. "Wahlenbergia" species have dispersed widely, even to oceanic islands, and there are four species known from the island of Saint Helena, including the now extinct species "W. roxburghii". The genus was named after Göran Wahlenberg (a Swedish botanist who taught at Uppsala University) by German botanist H. A. Schrader (Heinrich Schrader), in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="2895981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895981" title="Sondika">
Sondika

Sondika (Spanish, "Sondica") is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
It is the location of Bilbao British Cemetery, containing a Commonwealth War Graves Cemetery (maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission) with 58 casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="2895982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895982" title="Beatrice Politi">
Beatrice Politi

Beatrice Politi is a Canadian television journalist who works for Global Television Network.
The Sudbury, Ontario native studied political science and mass media at York University and graduated with honours there. She then earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism at Ryerson University. During her time at York, she worked for the university's radio station, CHRY-FM.
After graduating, she worked at Toronto cable station Rogers Television, educational broadcaster TV Ontario and public broadcaster CBC Television's "Canada Now". Politi briefly worked as a reporter with CablePulse 24 in Toronto, Ontario before moving to Ottawa for Citytv, A-Channel and CablePulse24 She is now the health specialist at Global Television in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="2895985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895985" title="Sopela">
Sopela

Sopelana (sopela or sopelana in basque)is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
The town is roughly 820 hectares in area, located in the county Uribe-Kosta on the north east side of Bilbao and due east of the Nervión river estuary. In the municipality, other former towns like Larrabasterra are now merged to make Sopela larger. The population is 11,185 people, as recorded in the 2003 census. Thriving expansion of the town puts this number to well over 12,000 people. The area of Sopela is situated among green hills and beaches. This makes for a very attractive suburb to Bilbao, with a short commute of 35 minutes on the metro.
Climate.
Sopelana's oceanic climate is very different from the one of southern Spain. Harsh winds tend to pick up speed along the coast and precipitation is very common all year round. Northern winds often bring the winter temperature to just above the freezing point, but summers are usually comfortable from late May to early September. Snow is common three days each winter on average [http://www.inm.es]. The summer climate is warm and the temperatures are moderated by the constant sea breezes.
Beaches.
Sopelana is known for three beaches Atxabiribil, Barinatxe and Arrietara. They are rather exposed to the elements of the Bay of Biscay and have good conditions for surfers. A forth beach, Meñakoz is of less appeal for sun worshippers and more for the surfer crowd due to the pebble bed ground. Sopela is frequently the host of regional surf competitions as conditions are adequate for surfing in its beaches. A less famous, but also internationally known event, is the yearly nude race on Barinatxe beach in the fall. Barinatxe is a clothing optional beach. Another special place in Sopelana is a small creek called Ikatza known only by its citizens.
Transport.
The town is connected to the main transport arteries with two metro stations on the Bilbao Metro and highways. The metro stations are located to the far south of Sopela in Larrabasterra and in the center of Sopelana. Several bus routes also connect Sopela to Bilbao and nearby towns. There is a local bus service which connects the town centre with the beaches.
Shopping.
There are no larger shopping areas or malls in Sopelana, the shopping centres are located a short car ride away in nearby towns like Getxo or Barakaldo. However, the centre of Sopelana is full of small shops with a wide variety of goods. Along the main road to west Sopelana, there are several youth oriented shops and surf shops open all year round.

</doc>
<doc id="2895986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895986" title="Auersperg">
Auersperg

Auersperg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2895988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895988" title="Sopuerta">
Sopuerta

Sopuerta is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Neighborhoods.
Galdames is administratively divided into 12 neighborhoods or wards:

</doc>
<doc id="2895989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895989" title="Randy Burridge">
Randy Burridge

Randall "Stump" Burridge (born January 7, 1966) is a retired professional ice hockey player. 
He played 706 games played in the National Hockey League, scoring 199 goals and notching 251 assists for a total of 450 points, and accumulating 458 penalty minutes.
Career.
Burridge was selected by the Boston Bruins in round 8, #157 overall in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. He started his career with the Bruins in 1985.
His nickname, short for "Stump Pump," came from the windmill-pump salute Burridge gave after scoring. He currently coaches youth hockey in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="2895992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895992" title="Cinézio Feliciano Peçanha">
Cinézio Feliciano Peçanha

Mestre Cobra Mansa (born Cinézio Feliciano Peçanha, 1960 in Duque de Caxias, Brazil) commonly known as "Cobrinha, Cobrinha Mansa", is a "mestre" or master of Capoeira Angola. He is one of the founders and the guiding light of an organization known either as FICA (in Brazil, an acronym for Fundaçao Internacional de Capoeira de Angola) or ICAF (in English, this stands for the International Capoeira Angola Foundation, which is the literal translation of the words which make up the acronym FICA). The word "fica" in Portuguese is from the verb "ficar", probably the most used verb having many meanings, one of them is "you stay" or "s/he/it stays" (second/third person declarative). This meaning isn't necessarily significant, but because it has a meaning, it is slightly more catchy in Portuguese than ICAF is in English. One could interpret FICA as "let traditional Capoeira stay" or as "You become." But this interpretation is a conjecture. FICA/ICAF is the largest Capoeira Angola organization in the world, consisting of many local affiliates, chapters, and training centers incorporated as not-for-profits in the United States. These organizations charge nominal annual membership fees, and have locations in several countries in the Americas, Europe and Asia.
Mestre Cobra Mansa is well known in the world of Capoeira. He started Capoeira in 1973 with Josias da Silva and Raimundo in the Rio neighborhood of Duque de Caxias. He played Capoeira in the Duque Caxias street rodas and was one of the founders of the Caxias Street Roda with Rogerio Russo and Peixinho de Caxias. (A roda literally means circle, and is the formation of persons that surround a game of the martial dance of Capoeira.) In 1974 Cobra Mansa became a student of Mestre Moraes after he saw Mestre Moraes play in the Roda of Central Brazil. Prior to his dedicating his life to Capoeira Angola, he worked in photography and as a street vendor in a circus (Circo Picolino). He went to Belo Horizonte in 1979 and was a police officer in this city where he spent 2 years. In 1981 he went to Salvador and started the organization and school, GCAP (Grupo Capoeira Angola Pelorinho) in Salvador with Mestre Moraes.
History.
At some point during the later years of GCAP, Cobrinha and Moraes had a difference over the direction of the school where they were both authority figures. The result was the departure of Mestre Cobrinha and several other members of GCAP as well as the formation of FICA.
On invitation from the Aussar Auset Society, Cobrinha moved to the United States and opened a school in Washington DC around 1994, which was solely dedicated to the teaching of Capoeira Angola. He later became an Adjunct Professor at George Washington University, and then eventually president of the newly formed FICA. In 2004 he left the United States to make his home in Bahia, Salvador, Brazil to create the Kilombo Tenonde (www.kilombotenonde.com). This organization is currently split over two sites, one in Valencia, south of Bahia. Quilombo Tenonde provides space for Capoeira and permacultura (permaculture - organic farming). The other site is a cultural center at Coutos in the suburb of Salvador.
His Style.
Cobra Mansa means tame snake, and Cobrinha means little cobra. These nicknames are apt descriptions derived from his graceful and deceptive style of play.
His ability to transform situations through the use of innovative and acrobatic solutions has made him arguably the most influential Angoleiro (practitioner of Capoeira Angola) of his generation. Never one to avoid the complexity of Capoeira Reigonal, he has traveled in many non-Angola circles and done a great deal to help mend old disagreements between the two. His Capoeira continues to be respected and admired through both the Capoeira Angola and Capoeira Reigonal communities. He remains an inspiration to many younger Capoeiristas.
Mestre Cobrinha is well known as a mestre of Capoeira Angola. He is well respected for his deep knowledge and scholarship of the historical and cultural underpinnings of Capoeira Angola, as well as for his dynamic and aggressive style of play in the roda.
He recently completed a journey to the west-central region of Africa to search for the African roots of Capoeira. He spent time Angola and Mozambique learning about the "N'golo (Zebra dance)" and other local African cultural traditions that have been attributed in the past as contributing to the development of Capoeira. He also conducted a workshop in South Africa where he shared his knowledge and experiences.
Lineage.
He spent time Angola 
He spent time in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="2895994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895994" title="Sukarrieta">
Sukarrieta

Sukarrieta () is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2895998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895998" title="Geoffrey Proud">
Geoffrey Proud

Born in Adelaide, South Australia in 1946, "Geoffrey Proud" held his first solo exhibition at the age of sixteen. Since that time he has exhibited in all states with over 80 solo exhibitions and in excess of 100 group exhibitions to his credit. Geoffrey Proud is represented in the National Gallery of Australia, most State and regional galleries as well as many other public and corporate collections including; The Parliament House Collection, Artbank, the IBM collection and the Elton John collection, London. He has been the recipient of numerous awards including the 1990 Archibald Prize for his portrait of writer Dorothy Hewett; the Gosford Art Prize, 1994; the Coffs Harbour Art Purchase Prize, 1977; the George Crouch Golden Jubilee Invitation Exhibition, Ballarat, 1977; the Darnell de Gruchy Invitation Prize Award, University of Queensland, 1977; the Sydney Georges Prize, Melbourne (acquisition), 1976; the Latrobe Valley Purchase Prize, 1976; the Coffs Harbour Art Purchase Prize, 1976; Sulman Prize, 1975; the John McCaughey Memorial Art Prize, National Gallery of Victoria, 1975..

</doc>
<doc id="2895999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895999" title="Trucios-Turtzioz">
Trucios-Turtzioz

Trucios-Turtzioz (Turtzioz in Basque; Trucios in Spanish; Trucíos in Cantabrian) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain, surrounded by other municipalities of Biscay and Cantabria. 

</doc>
<doc id="2896000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896000" title="Vasco da Gama, Goa">
Vasco da Gama, Goa

Vasco da Gama ("Vasku" ), often shortened to Vasco, is a city in the state of Goa on the west coast of India. It is named after the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama. It is also the headquarters of the Mormugao taluka. The town lies on the western tip of the Mormugao peninsula, at the mouth of the Zuari River, about from Panjim, Goa's capital, and about from Dabolim Airport.
The city was founded in 1543 and remained in Portuguese hands until 1961, when Goa was annexed by India. The Indian Navy's Goa Naval Area (base) is located at Vasco from which it controls Dabolim Airport and, in effect, the entire tourism-dependent state of Goa. The historic 'Document of surrender' was signed by the Portuguese in front of Vasco's municipal council building.
Transport and industry.
Vasco is the only city in Goa which is well connected by road, rail, sea and air; by road by the National Highway 17A, by rail by the South Western Railway, by the sea through the Mormugao Harbour and by air through Dabolim Airport, thus serving as the main hub for most tourists visiting the state of Goa.
Vasco is heavily reliant on the port for most of its economic activity. Manganese ore mined in interior regions is brought to Mormugao by barges navigating the rivers Mandovi and Zuari, and then either collected in the Mormugao Port to be loaded onto bulk carrier ships or directly loaded onto the ships using trans-shippers. Ore which is collected on the port is handled by state-of-the-art machinery called MOHP (Mechanical Ore-Handling Plant). This includes massive bucket wheel loaders and miles of conveyor belts. The port has berthing facilities for large cruise liners as well as a floating dry dock. There are shipping and freight forwarding agents as well as offices of major mining companies based in the city.
The Mormugao Port Trust which operates the port is the largest employer in the Vasco region and has a complete mini-township in Headland Sada which includes schools, residential complexes and amenities for employees of the Port.
Tourism and culture.
Bogmalo Beach is from Vasco. This beach is quite risky as it has underwater currents. Hollant (Issorcim) and Baina are two smaller beaches around Vasco.
Apart from the nearby beaches, the city of Vasco is bereft of any major tourist attractions, the salient monument being the 400-year old St. Andrew's Church located at the entrance of the city. However the Naval Aviation Museum near the airport is a popular tourist spot and is the only such museum in India. It profiles the evolution and history of Indian naval aviation through aircraft exhibits and rare photographs.
One of Goa's premier musical groups, Diamond Orchestra, hails from Vasco. The town is also home to several English bands from Goa, notably Lynx and Kollectiv Soul.
Vasco is known for the annual Shri Damodar Bhajani Saptah fair held in Shravan month of Hindu lunar calendar preceding the festival of Nag panchami.
Vasco da Gama hosted the relics of Saint John Bosco, albeit temporarily, on 21 August 2011, at the St. Andrew's Church, while the relics were on their world tour.
Like all towns and cities in Goa, Vasco celebrates the Shigmo/ xigmo and Carnival annually with a street parade where floats from all over Goa participate.
Sports.
Like the rest of Goa, football is the most popular sport in Vasco. Two teams from the town have participated in the I-League - Vasco Sports Club and Salgaocar Sports Club. Salgaocar SC were Champions of the 1998-99 season of the erstwhile NFL. Tilak Maidan is a 15,000 capacity football ground based in the city. The stadium sporting a magnificent turf hosted I-league matches during April 2013, as the home ground for the four teams from Goa in the league, when Fatorda Stadium was closed down for renovation. http://www.goal.com/en-india/news/1064/i-league/2013/04/02/3871446/i-league-action-to-resume-at-tilak-maidan-from-thursday
Although cricket is not as popular as football, a Vasco resident Shadab Jakati plays for Goa in the Ranji Trophy first-class competition and has also been selected to play for the Chennai Super Kings IPL franchise.
Politics.
The city of Vasco falls under the boundaries of the Mormugao (Lok Sabha constituency) in the Lok Sabha. The current Member of Parliament is Narendra Keshav Sawaikar of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Vasco elects its representative to the Goa Legislative Assembly, the current MLA is Carlos Almeida of the BJP.
Research.
The National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research (NCAOR) located at Headland Sada is a research and development institution administered by the Ministry of Earth Sciences. It is responsible for administering the Indian Antarctic Program and maintains the Indian government's Antarctic research station, Maitri. In addition to laboratories for marine sample processing/analyses, it hosts a special low-temperature ice core sample storage facility.

</doc>
<doc id="2896004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896004" title="Keith Arthurton">
Keith Arthurton

Keith Lloyd Thomas Arthurton (born 21 February 1965) is a former West Indian cricketer. Having become only the third player to hail from Nevis, the left-arm unorthodox bowler played in 33 Tests between July 1988 and August 1995 and continued playing in one day matches until May 1999. However, he never recovered from the 1996 World Cup, in which he scored two runs in five innings. Despite a strike rate of just 67, Arthurton was a good striker of the ball, favouring the leg side.
He was also a good bowler. He took three 4-wicket hauls in the shorter version of the game with a best of 4/31. Arthurton was also an excellent fielder. His best moments were reserved for the subcontinent, as he got scores of 84, 63 and 44 off 30 balls in consecutive matches against Pakistan. In a match against India where the next highest score for West Indies was 16, Arthurton got 59 off 83. His best against them was 76 not out followed by 59 then 58 not out. This preceded 41 and 72 against them. Sri Lanka felt his presence as he got scores of 72 not out and then consecutive scores of 37 not out off just 31 balls with two sixes and a four and then 50 not out off 60 and then a 17 ball 24 not out. He rarely succeeded against England, though he had few memorable knocks against New Zealand and South Africa.
In Tests he got two hundreds and eight fifties. He had a best of 157 not out against Australia, a knock with 16 fours and a six.
Arthurton was involved in an unusual incident during a game between the West Indies Board of Control XI and the Australian national cricket team at Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, Barbados. Australian player Dean Jones believed that Arthurton was using an oversized cricket bat. The bat was found to be 4.5 inches wide, instead of the legal 4.25 inches, but he was allowed to continue to use the bat.

</doc>
<doc id="2896005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896005" title="John Rangihau">
John Rangihau

John Te Rangianiwaniwa Rangihau BEM (5 September 1919-14 October 1987) was a New Zealand academic and Māori leader of the Tuhoe iwi. He was also called Te Nika and Te Rangihau.
Rangihau fought with the 28th New Zealand (Māori) Battalion in World War II. He worked as a Māori welfare officer for the Department of Maori Affairs and became a recognised leader of the Tuhoe people. From 1957 to 1959, Rangihau completed a diploma in social science at Victoria University.
In 1973, Rangihau was working for the University of Waikato's Centre for Maori Studies and Research looking for ways to preserve the Māori language. He was involved in setting up Māori-language pre-school groups in 1974, but they lasted less than a year. In 1975 he was awarded the British Empire Medal for services to Māori. Rangihau became involved in the ministerial committee to prevent the decline in the number of Māori language speakers in New Zealand, and the scheme came to fruition with the kohanga reo scheme of Māori-language kindergartens in 1982.
After 1982, Rangihau became an advisor to the Maori Affairs Department. He encouraged Māori elders to contact their children and grandchildren in prisons and encourage them to return to their families once released. He facilitated research into Māori health.
Victoria University established a teaching and research position in his honour in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="2896006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896006" title="Ubide">
Ubide

Ubide () is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896008" title="Augusta Bagiennorum">
Augusta Bagiennorum

Augusta Bagiennorum was the chief town of the Ligurian tribe of the Bagienni. It was located in what is now the commune of Bene Vagienna, in the province of Cuneo (northern Italy), on the upper course of the Tanaro, about due south of Turin. The town retained its position as a tribal centre in the reorganization of Roman Emperor Octavian, whose title Augustus is part of its name as a colony, and was erected on a systematic plan.
Considerable remains of public buildings, constructed in concrete faced with small stones with bands of brick at intervals, an amphitheatre with a major axis of c. 120 m and a minor axis of c. 900 m, a theatre with a stage 40 m in length, and near it the foundations of what was probably a basilica, an open space (no doubt the forum), an aqueduct, baths, have been discovered by recent excavations, and also one of the city gates, flanked by two towers.
The ancient name is also used for a modern natural reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="2896009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896009" title="Ugao-Miraballes">
Ugao-Miraballes

Ugao-Miraballes is a town and municipality in the province of Biscay and autonomous community of the Basque Country in northern Spain.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2896017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896017" title="Sadko">
Sadko

Sadko () is a character of Russian medieval epic "Bylina". He was an adventurer, merchant and "gusli" musician from Novgorod.
Synopsis.
Sadko played the "gusli" on the shores of a lake. The Sea Tsar enjoyed his music, and offered to help him. Sadko was instructed to make a bet with the local merchants about catching a certain fish in the lake; when he caught it (as provided by the Tsar), the merchants had to pay the wager, making Sadko a rich merchant.
Sadko traded on the seas with his new wealth, but did not pay proper respects to the Tsar as per their agreement. The Tsar stopped Sadko's ships in the sea. He and his sailors tried to appease the Sea Tsar with gold, to no avail. Sadko's crew forced him to jump into the sea. There, he played the "gusli" for the Sea Tsar, who offered him a new bride. On advice, he took the last maiden in a long line, and lay down beside her.
He woke up on the shore and rejoined his wife.
Motifs.
In some variants, Sadko is chosen to jump overboard by throwing lots between the men. This motif, derived from the Biblical story of Jonah, is a widespread device, appearing, for instance, in Child ballad 57 "Brown Robyn's Confession".
Adaptations.
This tale attracted the attention of several authors in the 19th century with the rise of the Slavophile movement and served as a basis for a number of derived works, most notably the poem "Sadko" by Alexei Tolstoy (1871–1872) and the opera "Sadko" composed by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, who also wrote the libretto. In 1953, Aleksandr Ptushko directed a film based on the opera entitled "Sadko". A shortened and heavily modified American version of this film entitled "The Magic Voyage of Sinbad" was spoofed on Mystery Science Theater 3000. (The original version of the film is available on DVD from RusCiCo).
Historical parallels.
Sadko can be viewed as a metaphor for Yaroslav the Wise. The "liberation" of the Novgorodian people by Sadko can also be linked to the establishment of the Novgorod Republic by Yaroslav. Sadko may also be based on a certain Sedko Sitinits, who is mentioned in the "Novgorodian First Chronicle" as the patron of the stone Church of Boris and Gleb built in the Novgorodian Detinets in 1167.

</doc>
<doc id="2896018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896018" title="Tommy Milton">
Tommy Milton

Thomas "Tommy" Milton (November 14, 1893 – July 10, 1962) was an American race car driver best known as the first two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500. He was notable for having only one functional eye, a disability that would have disqualified him from competing in modern motorsports.
Biography.
Milton was born in St. Paul, Minnesota, on November 14, 1893. He began his career in racing in 1914, competing on dirt tracks in the Midwestern United States. By 1917, he was competing nationwide, and earned his first major win at a track in Providence, Rhode Island. In 1919, he was one of the dominant figures in American racing, winning five of the nine championship races including the International Sweepstakes at Sheepshead Bay, New York, and making his debut at the Indianapolis 500. Later that year he suffered severe burns when his car burst into flames during a race at Uniontown, Pennsylvania. He returned to the track the following year to win the Universal Trophy on June 19 before winning the 1920 United States National Driving Championship.
Record at the Indianapolis 500.
Milton was a starter in the Indianapolis 500 eight times, earning the pole position once, and finishing in the top five on four occasions. He drove for Duesenberg his first time in 1919 and again the following year when he finished third. In 1921, the twenty-seven-year-old Milton won the celebrated race driving a straight-eight Frontenac built by Louis Chevrolet. In 1922 fuel tank problems forced Milton out of the race after only forty-four laps, but he came back in 1923 driving for the H.C.S. Motor Co. with a Miller 122 and won the race for the second time. His last was the 1927 Indianapolis 500 where he finished eighth.
At the 1936 race, Milton returned to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway to drive the Packard 120 Pace Car. At his suggestion, the tradition of giving the race winner the Pace Car began that year. In 1949 Milton was appointed chief steward for the Indianapolis 500. Health problems forced him to retire in 1957.
Death.
Milton died in 1962 in Mount Clemens, Michigan, at the age of 68 of self-inflicted gunshot wounds.

</doc>
<doc id="2896023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896023" title="Augustowo">
Augustowo

Augustowo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2896024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896024" title="Anderson Hernández">
Anderson Hernández

Anderson Hernández (born October 30, 1982) is a Dominican professional baseball infielder for the Chunichi Dragons. He made his major league debut in for the New York Mets.
Playing career.
Detroit Tigers.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent at age 18 by the Detroit Tigers in . In the minor leagues, Hernández showed poor patience and high strikeouts typical of a teenager and did not rise past single-A until . In his first season, he batted .264/.303/.389 with 34 stolen bases in just 216 at-bats. However, he progressed slowly. In , playing in High-A ball, he showed poor hitting skills, batting just .259/.310/.339. The next season was even worse. Hernandez struggled to hit above the Mendoza line, (.229/.278/.295) and stole just 15 bases. But the next season started off well for him. After batting .295 with 11 RBI in about 100 AB, he was called up to Double-A Erie where he batted .274 with 5 home runs, 29 RBI, and 17 stolen bases. In January 2005, Hernández was traded to the New York Mets for catcher Vance Wilson.
New York Mets.
In January 2005, Hernández was traded to the New York Mets for catcher Vance Wilson. With the Mets out of playoff contention in and Hernández hitting over .300 in both Double-A and Triple-A, he was called up to the majors in mid-September but went 0-for-14 before finally getting his first hit, off Colorado Rockies pitcher Aaron Cook, in the last game of the season, going 1–4. Due to the knee injury of Kazuo Matsui, Hernández was the starting second baseman for the Mets to start the season, but he too was soon injured and placed on the 15-day DL. He returned later in the season and hit his first Major League home run on September 19, 2006, off Florida Marlins pitcher Scott Olsen. He is widely known to Mets fans for pinch-running for Paul LoDuca in the bottom of the ninth inning in Game 7 of the 2006 NLCS against the St. Louis Cardinals, representing the winning run with two out, but Carlos Beltran struck out to end the game. In 2007, he made many appearances as a pinch-runner or a late inning defensive replacement, as he only collected three at-bats and went 1–3. On August 20, , Hernández was dealt to the Washington Nationals as a player to be named later for relief pitcher Luis Ayala.
Washington Nationals.
On August 20, , Hernández was dealt to the Washington Nationals as a player to be named later for relief pitcher Luis Ayala. He was the starter at second for the Nationals. On August 6, 2009, Hernández was traded back to the Mets for minor league infielder Greg Veloz.
Return to the Mets.
Hernández was traded back to the Mets on August 6, 2009, for minor league infielder Greg Veloz. On March 17, 2010, Hernández was claimed off waivers by the Cleveland Indians.
Cleveland Indians.
On March 17, 2010, Hernández was claimed off waivers by the Cleveland Indians. He was assigned to Triple-A Columbus on April 8. On June 8, 2010, the Indians purchased Hernández's contract and placed him on the active roster. Hernández had the opportunity to compete for the starting second baseman position, but lost to Jayson Nix; he was subsequently used in a utility infielder role. On July 18, 2010, Hernández was designated for assignment to make room on the active roster for pitcher Jeanmar Gómez. Hernández was claimed off waivers by the Houston Astros on July 21, 2010.
Houston Astros.
Hernández was claimed off waivers by the Houston Astros on July 21, 2010. He was added to the 25-man roster on July 22, 2010.
Hernández became a free agent after the 2010 season. He re-signed with the Astros in November 2010.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
Hernández signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates on December 21, 2011. In November 2012, Hernández re-signed with the Pirates.
Personal.
Hernandez has a wife Anais Dessire Hernnandez, Mother of Anderson Hernandez Jr. Born on April, 08, 2012.
Scouting Report.
Hernández is a 5'9" switch hitter with decent speed.
Dominican Republic.
Hernández currently plays in his native country, the Dominican Republic, on Tigres del Licey. He won the Rookie of the Year in the regular season and also the MVP during the finals. He and shortstop Erick Aybar are called "los menores" (Spanish for "the kids") and are known as one of the best middle infields in the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="2896030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896030" title="Cairo Regional Internet Exchange">
Cairo Regional Internet Exchange

The Cairo Regional Internet Exchange (CRIX) is an Internet Exchange Point which was formed in Cairo, Egypt by a joint venture between the National Telecom Company (NTC) and its subsidiary ECC Solutions along with the Indian FLAG Telecom. The exchange was officially inaugurated in Cairo on December 18, 2002 by the then Minister of Communications & Information Technology, later Prime Minister Ahmed Nazif.
CRIX is the central peering point for local and regional Internet Service Providers (ISPs) in Egypt and the Middle East. Its purpose is to efficiently route all intra-Regional Internet traffic among the operators without having to pass through the United States or Europe. This allows the regional data carriers to significantly optimize upstream capacity costs, enhance their existing bandwidth capacities and reduce the size of the routing tables worldwide. CRIX is hosted by ECC at its data center.
A 2005 report for the Arab Telecommunications and Information Council of Ministers concluded that the exchange was being under-utilized and that there was no real peering between Arab countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2896035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896035" title="Louis Meyer">
Louis Meyer

Louis Meyer (July 21, 1904 – October 7, 1995) was an American Hall of Fame race car driver who was a three-time winner of the Indianapolis 500.
Biography.
He was born in lower Manhattan, New York on July 21, 1904. He was the son of French immigrants, Meyer was raised in Los Angeles, where he began automobile racing at various California tracks. 
He went on to become the first-ever driver to win the Indianapolis 500 three times, capturing the prestigious race as a rookie starter in 1928 (though having driven as a relief driver for Wilbur Shaw the year before), then again in 1933 and 1936. Louis Meyer started the tradition of drinking milk (buttermilk at the time) in victory lane at the 1933 Indianapolis 500 race, when he drank a glass of milk. Following his 1936 Indianapolis 500 victory, he drank from a glass milk bottle instead, as most race winners have done since. Following the suggestion of former race winner, Tommy Milton, that year he became the first driver to receive the Pace Car as part of the race winnings. Louis Meyer won the United States National Driving Championship in 1928, 1929 and 1933.
Meyer's wife June did not even know he was racing in the 1928 Indianapolis 500. Earlier in the day she was in Pennsylvania picking up a wrecked car and after that went to see her brother-in-law Eddie Meyer race in Reading. She found out about her husbands victory after the track announcer in Reading asked the crowd to give a big hand to Eddie Meyer, the brother of the Indianapolis 500 winner.
He died on October 7, 1995 in Searchlight, Nevada, aged 91, where he had been living in retirement since 1972. He was interred at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood, California.
Legacy.
Meyer's son Louis (Sonny) Meyer, Jr. assisted him in engine work at his race shops, and worked on the various DOHC Ford engines in USAC racing, including building 15 Indianapolis 500-winning engines. Grandson Louis III (Butch) built Oldsmobile Aurora engines for Team Menard in Indy Racing League IndyCar Series competition, winning the 1996-97 (18-month season) and 1999 championships before becoming the current Indy Pro Series director.
When he was 90, after he retired racing from being thrown out of his car, he would drive jet skies and motorcycles and eventually died in 1975.
He was not related to fellow driver Zeke Meyer.

</doc>
<doc id="2896046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896046" title="Waitzia">
Waitzia

Waitzia (syn. "Morna" Lindl.) is a genus of everlasting-daisies from the family Asteraceae. The genus is native to Australia, where it grows in Western Australia, the Northern Territory, New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2896052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896052" title="Liegau-Augustusbad">
Liegau-Augustusbad

Augustusbad is a watering-place of Germany, in the Free State of Saxony, east from Dresden, close to Radeberg, in a pleasant valley. It has five saline chalybeate springs, used both for drinking and bathing, and specific in feminine disorders, rheumatism, paralysis and neuralgia. The spa is largely frequented in summer and has agreeable public rooms and gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="2896057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896057" title="Valle de Trápaga-Trapagaran">
Valle de Trápaga-Trapagaran

Trapagaran in Basque or Valle de Trápaga in Spanish is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896060" title="Mohammed Lutfi Farhat">
Mohammed Lutfi Farhat

Education.
In 1968 Farhat received a Bachelor of Economics from Libyan University. A Masters Degree in Economics from the University of Southampton, United Kingdom in 1972, and a PhD in Economics from Southampton in 1976. He has been a lecturer at the Garyonis University since 1976 from 1977 to 1979 was Secretary to Fund for University Pedagogical Staff Syndicate. In 1978 he was an Assistant Professor at the Al-Fateh and Garyonis Universities.
For five years, starting in 1985, Farhat was Secretary to Research and Studies Branch in the International Centre of Green Book Studies and Research, while also being an Associate Professor at the Al-Fateh University in 1982. He was a lecturer at the Green Coliseum in 1980. In 1984 Farhat was a member of a committee assigned to prepare the Concept of Application of the Citation (partners not wage takers) and a member of a committee assigned to review Commercial Law. In 1986 he was a Professor at the Al-Fateh University, a lecturer at the Credence Institute, and Chief of the Industrial and Economical Survey Team. From 1986 to 1987 was Secretary to the Advisory Council of Imports. He also was Secretary to the General People's Committee for Planning from 1987 to 1990.
In 1990 was Farhat Chief of the Economic Committee for Africa, Manager of the Green Credence Institute from 1991 to 1995, in 1993 was a Member of the Advisory Committee for Al-Shams Newspaper. Has been a board member at the Central Bank of Libya from 1994 to 2001, was Chairman of the Libya Insurance Company from 1995 to 2001. Board director and Vice-Chairman at the Arab Reinsurance Company from 1995 - 2001. Executive Committee member at Arab War Risks Syndicate from 1996 to 2001, In 1997 was a member of a Committee assigned to prepare the Concept of the Planning Board. From member of the General Planning Board from 1998 to 2004, Rector of Al-Fateh University in 2001 to 2004.
Awards and honors.
1989 - Great Al-Fatah Medallion

</doc>
<doc id="2896067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896067" title="Omari Banks">
Omari Banks

Omari Ahmed Clement Banks (born 17 July 1982) is an Anguillan musician and former cricketer, who appeared in 10 Test matches for the West Indies, as well as domestic matches for the Leeward Islands. In 2011, Banks began to pursue his musical career professionally and has been less involved in playing regional cricket, and officially retired from cricket on 31 January 2012.
Cricket career.
Test career.
The son of noted Anguillan musician Bankie Banx, he became the first Anguillan to play Test cricket in May 2003. During his first innings, despite picking up three wickets, he conceded 204 runs in 40 overs, which was at the time the most number of runs conceded by a Test debutant, although it has since been surpassed by Jason Krejza. His lower order batting is confident and assured, and he played a significant part in the highest successful fourth-innings chase in Test history, remaining 47 not out in West Indies 418 for 7 against Australia at the Antigua Recreation Ground in 2003.
Domestic career.
Banks has played for the Leeward Islands since 2000. During the 2001 season, Banks played at Leicester. He later played for Carnforth Cricket Club, in the summer of 2006 in Northern Premier League. He averaged 54.6 with the bat, whilst taking 27 wickets at a brief spell at the Lancashire club, before being called up to the West Indies 'A' team on the tour of England. In October 2007 he was signed by Somerset; due to Anguilla's status as a British overseas territory, he does not count as an overseas player.
On 9 July 2009 he was suspended for 12 days by the England and Wales Cricket Board disciplinary panel for ball tampering, he was found guilty of running his thumb and fingernails over the ball during Somerset's 2nd XI match against Essex at Vale on 1 July 2009. Somerset released the all-rounder after the close of the 2009 season, with Brian Rose stating "He hasn't had the performances to justify another contract."
Banks officially retired from professional cricket on January 25, 2012 to focus on his musical career.
Music career.
Banks' first single "Move On" was released on iTunes on January 17, 2012 as part of Bankie Banx's album Just Cool. His upcoming album is currently untitled and expected to be released in Spring 2012. One of the first singles on his album is "Move On" a semi-biographical song about his transition from cricket to music. Banks explained to Basil Walters of the Jamaica Observer, "In life we tend to go through different ups and downs, but the most important thing is that we move on and grow from it. That's what the song is about really. I wrote the song and the music, but on the track itself it has a number of big name musicians like Junior Jazz, Glen Browne, Robbie Lyn and Sly Dunbar. Steven Stanley produced the track." 
Omari Banks and his band Eleven performed at the Miss Anguilla pageant in August 2011 as part of Anguilla's Summer Festival.
Even as a cricketer Omari made various radio and television appearances and discussed his passion for music and the hope of one day pursuing music full-time. He appeared on the syndicated Caribbean entertainment program Caribbean Soundtrack in summer 2010 

</doc>
<doc id="2896071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896071" title="Fred Cress">
Fred Cress

Frederick Harold Cress AM (10 July 1938 – 14 October 2009) was a British painter who migrated to Australia and won the Archibald Prize in 1988 with a portrait of John Beard.
Cress was born in Poona, India, but went to England with his parents in 1948, when he was ten. He was educated at the Birmingham College of Art in England, and migrated to Australia in 1962 as a "ten pound Pom", meaning that he only had to pay ten pound for his fare to Australia. 
Cress met the painter Anne Judell and married her in 1967, they divorced in 1991. He started his career painting figuratively, but became well known for his abstract work in the late 60s and 70s. He returned to figurative painting in the late 80s after he won the Archibald Prize with a portrait of his friend and colleague, John Beard.
He was made a Member of the Order of Australia in 2003 for services to visual arts.
In 1990 Cress bought a 17th-century stone farmhouse in Southern Burgundy, France. He spent the next 20 years of his life living half the year in France and half the year in Sydney with his partner, the photographer, Victoria Fernandez. Many of Cress's later works have visual references to his time spent in France.
Cress was diagnosed with prostate cancer in January 2003. In 2009 he declined to continue with treatment while he worked on his last exhibition, entitled 'End Game One', held in Australian Galleries, Paddington. He died on 14 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2896076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896076" title="Shynola">
Shynola

Shynola is the collective name of a group three visual artists
based in London who have collaborated on a variety of projects,
including a number of acclaimed music videos for several pioneering artists. 
Shynola formed when Gideon Baws, Chris Harding, Richard Kenworthy and Jason Groves
met in 1994 at the Kent Institute of Art & Design. They collaborated on a number
of different art projects during their time at college, including organising a show
of work at a London gallery in 1996 called "Shinola".
The name Shynola is a reference to the wax based shoe polish from the early 1900s, Shinola.
Gideon Baws died due to viral myocarditis on October 11, 2008. He was 33.
Notable works.
1999/2000.
"Music videos"
"Short films"
"Advertisements"
2001.
"Music videos"
"Advertisements"
2002.
"Music videos"
"Advertisements"
2003.
"Music videos"
2004.
"Film"
2005.
"Music videos"
"Advertisements"
"TV"
2006.
"TV"
2009.
"Music videos"
2010.
"Film"
2011.
"Artwork"
"Music Videos"
2012.
"TV
2013.
"Music videos"
2014.
"Music video"

</doc>
<doc id="2896080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896080" title="1981 CFL season">
1981 CFL season

The 1981 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 28th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 24th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1981.
The Eastern and Western Football Conferences, which had carried on as separate and autonomous entities since the founding of the CFL in 1958, agreed to a full merger prior to the start of the 1981 season.
With the merger, the Eastern and Western Football Conferences were dissolved and renamed as the East and West Divisions.
The merger authorizes the CFL to have full authority over decisions, including the adoption of a full interlocking schedule for both divisions.
In addition, the merger set up the CFL Board of Governors and the CFL Management Council to replace the Executive Committee and the General Managers Committee. After the 1980 season, after owning the team for over ten years, Montreal Alouettes owner Sam Berger retired and sold the team to Nelson Skalbania, who brought in high priced NFL talent, that couldn't adapt to the canadian game, bringing a terrible losing season to Montreal, and with it,a loss of fan support, and he lost money and because of the high priced talent he bankrupted the team. So the team folded after the season, but a year later, a new team, the Montreal Concordes, owned by Expos owner Charles Bronfman took over the teams players and history, 
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Edmonton Eskimos are the 1981 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Ottawa Rough Riders, 26–23, at Montreal's Olympic Stadium. Edmonton won their fourth-straight championship on a last second Dave Cutler field-goal. The Rough Riders' J.C. Watts (QB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and John Glassford (LB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence. The Eskimos' Neil Lumsden (RB) was named Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2896081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896081" title="Adam Vaughan">
Adam Vaughan

Adam Vaughan (born ca. 1961 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former city councillor who represented Ward 20 Trinity—Spadina in Toronto, Canada and was previously a journalist covering politics, first for CBC Radio and CBLT and then for Citytv/CP24.
Vaughan ran and was elected as a Liberal Party of Canada Member of Parliament in the Trinity—Spadina federal by-election held on June 30, 2014 following New Democratic Party MP Olivia Chow's resignation. Vaughan resigned his city council seat on May 13, 2014, several days after the Trinity—Spadina by-election was called.
Background.
He is married to Lina Cino with whom he has a son (Salvador). He also has a daughter (Mimi) from a previous relationship with journalist Suhana Meharchand. His father, Colin Vaughan, was a noted architect, television journalist and former city councillor, who preceded Adam as Citytv's political reporter until his death in 2000.
Journalism.
Adam Vaughan worked at Ryerson University radio station CKLN from 1982 to 1987, and was manager of the station from 1985 to 1987. He joined Citytv in 1987 to produce "CityWise". He left in 1989 to join the board of the World Association of Community Radio Broadcasters.
In 1990, he joined "Metro Morning" on CBL as a segment producer. He subsequently joined CBLT in 1994, covering City Hall as a municipal reporter, producer, and director. Vaughan has covered Toronto Police Service, Toronto City Hall, Queen's Park and Parliament Hill in his career.He returned to the Citytv team in 2000.
Vaughan has also written for "Toronto Life" magazine and the "Toronto Star". Before becoming a journalist Adam Vaughan was a cartoonist for "Books in Canada", "Quill and Quire", "Canadian Forum" and several other publications.
After Marilyn Bornstein, the wife of the then mayor of Toronto Mel Lastman, was caught shoplifting from an Eaton's store in Toronto, the mayor threatened to kill Vaughan unless he stopped reporting on his family.
Politics.
Vaughan ran in Trinity—Spadina - Ward 20 in the 2006 municipal election. The seat had been vacated by Olivia Chow who left the city for federal politics. He easily won the seat defeating Helen Kennedy, Chow's executive assistant, by 2,300 votes.
Since the 2010 mayoral election, Vaughan has been an outspoken critic of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford.
As a member of City Council Vaughan sat on the Planning and Growth Management Committee, the Toronto Arts Council, Artscape Board, the Board of Trustees for the Art Gallery of Ontario, and the Harbourfront Centre Board. Additionally he sat on the city's Heritage Board, and the city's Preservation Board.

</doc>
<doc id="2896082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896082" title="Yamaha FJR1300">
Yamaha FJR1300

The Yamaha FJR1300A and FJR1300AE/AS are sport touring motorcycles made by Yamaha Motor Company. Both models have a 1,298 cc inline-four engine. The AE/AS model has an electronically controlled clutch and gear shifting system called YCC-S. The clutch and transmissions of the AE/AS models are identical to that of the standard FJR model.
History.
The FJR1300 was introduced to Europe in 2001, before arriving in North America in 2002, with the 2003 model year designation, and offered in a non-ABS version only. The 2003 model garnered several awards in the Sport Touring category from various magazines.
The 2004 North American models included both a non-ABS version with traditional blue anodized brake calipers and a new ABS version. Other refinements included an upgrade to the suspension rates, 320 mm front brake discs (was 298 mm), and a fairing pocket for small items.
The 2005, North American model year remained structurally unchanged with a non-ABS and ABS model. 
In 2006, the U.S. and rest of the world model years synchronized with the introduction of what has become known as the 'Gen-II' version of the machine. The design changes included significant trailing arm changes, revised final drive ratio, a curved radiator exhibiting a larger surface area, instrumentation changes, an upgraded alternator and significant attention to airflow changes to deal with reported heat issues in previous years. Yamaha added adjustable vents to the FJR1300, allowing the rider to direct air closer to or away from the body. Starting with the 2006 models Anti-Lock Brakes (ABS) and a linked braking scheme Yamaha calls 'Unified Braking System' (UBS) became standard.
Also, the FJR1300AS model (FJR1300AE in U.S.A. and Canada) was introduced which had a semi-automatic transmission. The AE variant was discontinued for 2010, although the AS model continued to be sold in markets outside of the USA and Canada.
For 2007, some very minor changes were made to the ECU to deal with potential issues related to altitude changes under certain circumstances. In 2008 changes were made to throttle 'feel', to improve low speed on/off throttle transitions. As well Yamaha changed suppliers for the ABS system. Further refinements in the throttle control were introduced with the 2009 model.
For 2012 the previously optional heated hand grips became standard.
For 2013 the FJR1300 received a substantial number of updates, becoming the 'Gen-III' version. Bodywork is all new on the front half of the bike for better airflow and engine heat management, and a new faster-acting windshield mechanism was introduced. Front turn signal/position lights are now LEDs and there are LED accent lights around the headlights, and there is now one horn instead of two on prior years.
The dash is also revised and now includes three user-customizable informational pages that allow the rider to select what information is displayed on each page, from the following list: Odometer, Trip 1, Trip 2, Coolant Temperature, Air Temperature, Range (to empty), Average MPG, Current MPG, Timer 1. There are two other timers and two other distance meters for tracking maintenance intervals which can be reset, but not displayed on the information pages.
Mechanically, the engine now has plated-on (rather than pressed in) cylinder linings for better heat dissipation. The ECU is new and now employs Yamaha Chip Controlled Throttle (YCCT) system, which is a ride-by-wire system. The implementation on the FJR1300 includes 'D-Mode', which incorporates two driving modes, 'Sport' and 'Touring', the primary difference being smoothness of throttle response. In addition to that, the new ECU incorporates as standard features an integrated Traction Control System (TCS) which can be disabled, and Cruise Control. 
In addition to new controls for D-Mode and cruise control, Several controls are different. The rocker that formerly controlled the windshield now also controls the heated grips and which page is displayed on the information panel; which function the rocker provides is controlled by a trigger switch near the left forefinger. The stop/run rocker is now stop/run/start with the last position being momentary; the hazard flasher button is where the starter button is typically located. A similar rocker switch for headlight control provides high/low/flash controls.
Design.
Engine.
The FJR1300 has a transverse-mounted inline-four engine with four valves per cylinder.
Transmission.
The FJR1300 uses a five-speed manual gearbox with close ratio gears. Final drive is via shaft, encased within the swingarm, which has monoshock suspension with remote quick-set two position adjustable pre-load.
The FJR1300AE/AS model features an electronic clutch, which Yamaha calls YCC-S. There is no clutch lever on this model. Instead, the YCC-S system allows the rider to shift using a set of manually operated push buttons on the left handlebar or via the standard gear shift lever. The electronic clutch is controlled by an internal computer, allowing gear shifts to complete in approximately 0.2 seconds. The gearbox pattern is also unconventional in that neutral is at the bottom end of the range, otherwise the gearbox is identical to the A model. The ECU automatically controls the electronic clutch and ignition timing to ensure smooth gear shifting and will actuate the clutch at standstill. Stalling the engine is not normally possible.
Chassis.
The frame of the FJR1300 is a twin spar design manufactured from aluminum alloy; the engine is a fully stressed member.
Electrical system.
The FJR1300 features a standard 12 volt, negative ground electrical system. The 2006 and later models feature a fused, switched cigarette-lighter style accessory jack in the left central locking glovebox. The 2003 U.S. model does not have a glovebox or electrical outlet; while model years 2004 and 2005 have glove boxes, they do not include the electrical outlet. As well, 2006 and later models have larger alternators and so can support more electrical accessories than their predecessors.
Other features.
The FJR1300 has an electrically adjusted windshield controlled by a rocker switch on the handlebars. In Gen I and Gen II models, by default the shield returns to its lowest position when the key is off, however some riders choose to disable the 'return' feature. In the Gen III model the windshield maintains its position until changed with the rocker switch, even when the ignition is turned off.
A number of new features were added beginning with the 2006 model year, including a rider-adjustable airflow system. 
All Gen-II AE/AS models (and some A models, depending on year and market) feature standard integrated heated handlebar grips with speed sensitive adjustment (available as an aftermarket OEM kit for models not so equipped by the factory). The handlebars are position adjustable, with 3 settings, and the seat is adjustable to high or low, with about an inch between the two. 
Locking side panniers are supplied as standard in most markets and some markets include cloth 'liners' which can be used a carry-all for the contents of the cases. Each case will take a full face helmet. Factory options include foot protectors, hand guards, fairing protectors, larger wind screen, and a color-coordinated top box to name but a few.
Many riders equip their bikes with a servo-operated cruise control system. There are several providers supplying the market.
Police models.
In Ireland and the UK, the FJR1300 has replaced the Honda ST1300 Pan-European as the patrol motorcycle with several police forces, following its withdrawal due to concerns over high speed handling. The FJR is the patrol vehicle used by the police force of Trinidad and Tobago including the units in the convoy of the President and the Prime Minister. It is also used as the standard patrol motorcycle of the Royal Netherlands Marechaussee.
Danish police also use the FJR1300 as does the Australian Federal Police.

</doc>
<doc id="2896089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896089" title="Aumont family">
Aumont family

The Aumont family take its name from the Duchy of Aumont, a small commune in the department of the Somme. The Duché-Pairie d'Aumont was established in 1665 from the Marquisat of Isles-en-Champagne, the title being granted to Antoine d'Aumont de Rochebaron (1601–1669). For a long time, the ducs d'Aumont had the title of first Gentleman of the Chamber of the King ("gentilhomme de la chambre du Roi").
The family was of great antiquity, a Jean, sire d'Aumont, having accompanied Louis IX on crusade. It was already powerful in the 14th century, and during the Hundred Years' War its members fought in the armies of the kings of France. Towards the end of the century, the family took the part of the dukes of Burgundy, but returned to the side of France on the death of Charles the Bold in 1477.
Jean d'Aumont, lieutenant-general to the king of France in the government of Burgundy, rendered important services to Louis XII and Francis I.
Jean VI d'Aumont (1552–1595) a marshal of France and knight of the Order of the Holy Spirit since its institution in 1578, fought against the Huguenots under the last of the Valois kings; but he was among the first to recognize Henry IV, and was appointed governor of Champagne and of Brittany, where he had to fight against the Catholic League. He died at the château de Comper fighting Philippe Emmanuel, Duke of Mercœur, one of the head of the League.
His grandson Antoine d'Aumont de Rochebaron (1601––1669) was also a marshal of France (1651), governor of Paris (1662), and first duke of Aumont (duke and peer in 1665). He was also marquis of Villequier-Aumont, of Isle, Nolay and Chappes, as well as baron of Estrabonnes, then duke of Aumont and peer of France. He had an important role in the Battle of Rethel in December 1650.
Louis-Marie-Victor d'Aumont (1632–1704) was a loyal servitor of Louis XIV, who married on 21 November 1660 Madeleine, daughter of Michel Le Tellier (1603–1685).
Louis Marie Augustin, duc d'Aumont (1709–1782), was a celebrated collector of works of art.
Alexandre d'Aumont, devoted to Louis XVI, helped him escape from his prison during the Revolution, in the misguided flight to Varennes.
Louis Marie Celeste d'Aumont, duc de Piennes, afterwards duc d'Aumont (1762–1831), emigrated during the Revolution and served in the army of the royalists, as also in the Swedish army. During the Hundred Days he effected a descent upon Normandy in the Bourbon interest, and succeeded in capturing Bayeux and Caen. He was a gentilhomme of the Chamber under Louis XVIII, after the Restauration.

</doc>
<doc id="2896090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896090" title="Bolnagri">
Bolnagri

BolNagri (Hindi:बोलनागरी) is a phonetic input method for unicode fonts in Devanagari in Linux and other platforms using xkb, the input library for the X Window System, and Windows using third party mapping.
It is developed in collaboration with IndLinux at The Sarai Programme at CSDS.

</doc>
<doc id="2896094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896094" title="Auncel">
Auncel

An auncel (from the Anglo-Fr. "auncelle", a confused derivation from "l'auncelle", Ital. "lancella", "a little balance"), is a balance formerly used in England; now, in dialectical use, a term for the weighing of meat by hand instead of by scales.

</doc>
<doc id="2896103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896103" title="Keith Looby">
Keith Looby

Keith Looby, (1940- ) born Sydney. Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1984 with a portrait of Max Gillies. He won the Sulman Prize in 1974 with a genre painting - "Still Life and Comfy II". He was Canberra Artist of the Year in 1992. He was married to Helen Beresford, sister of Australian Director, Bruce Beresford.

</doc>
<doc id="2896104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896104" title="Palekh">
Palekh

Palekh () is an urban locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Palekhsky District of Ivanovo Oblast, Russia. Population: 
Palekh has a very long history in Russian iconography, the art of painting Russian Orthodox icons for homes and churches. The village emerged as a leading center of Russian icon- and mural-painting in the nineteenth century.
A good example of the Palekh school are the murals and icons from the Church of the Exaltation of the Cross (built in 1762–1774).
Today, Palekh is known primarily for Palekh miniature. Following the October Revolution with its outspoken atheist ideology, around 1923, the Palekh masters of iconography began to paint papier-mâché boxes applying the same principles they had learned from painting icons. Palekh is the most renowned of four such famous villages, the others being Kholuy, Mstyora, and Fedoskino, each producing similar, but clearly distinct artistic style.
They used mainly tempera paints of bright colors and painted over a black background. The work usually represents themes from real life, fairy tales, literary works, and folk songs.

</doc>
<doc id="2896107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896107" title="Aundh, Satara">
Aundh, Satara

The town of Aundh is situated 26 mi. S.E. of Satara. Pop. (in 1911) about 3500, home of the Aundh State, a princely state (1699–1947). It is now part of Satara District in Maharashtra State.
Overview.
The town is known for its hill temple, called the Devi Yamai temple. The temple is very old but very attractive, and Devi Yamai is the kuldaiwat of a large number of Marathi families. The top of the temple is very beautiful and has images and idols of various Hindu Gods. The temple complex also contains the pleasant "Shri Bhavani Museum", with paintings drawn by various well-known Indian artists including Raja Ravi Varma and the famous "Mother and Child" stone structure by Henry Moore. the collection was owned by Shri Bhawanrao Pantapratinidhi, the last ruler of Aundh. The present 'Maharaja' of Aundh, HH Gayatridevi Pantpratinidhi has installed a 7 kg. solid gold 'Kalash' or crown on the pinnacle of the Yamai temple on the hill at Aundh. HH Gayatridevi is also the chairperson of the Satara Zilla Parishad.
Another temple of Devi Yamai is located in the town; apart from the one on the hill.

</doc>
<doc id="2896108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896108" title="Marty Kinack">
Marty Kinack

Martin Davis (Marty) Kinack is a Canadian record producer and sound technician. He is most noted for his work with Broken Social Scene, Hayden and Sarah Harmer. He was also a member of Transistor Sound & Lighting Co., who released an album on ViK. Recordings in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2896119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896119" title="Cor Jesu Academy">
Cor Jesu Academy

Cor Jesu Academy is a Catholic college preparatory high school for young women located in St. Louis, Missouri. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis.
History.
Cor Jesu was founded in 1956 by the Apostles of the Sacred Heart. The first principal was Sr. Anita Marie Giampetro. The school was originally located in The Hill district of St. Louis. Cor Jesu moved to its present location on Gravois Road in Affton, Missouri in 1965. An expanded Library-Fine Arts Center was completed in 1987. In 2005 the most recent phase of expansion was completed with a new front entrance and courtyard, and a new building, called Clelian Hall. The library and broadcast studio were renovated in the summer of 2012. Also, in fall of 2012, 10 acres of land were purchased in auction by Cor Jesu. This land will increase the campus size to a total of 29 acres, and is the first addition to the property since 2008, when the 6 acres in front of the newly acquired land was bought. 
During a June 9–17, 2012 tour in Rome, the Cor Jesu Academy choir had the high honor of performing for Pope Benedict XVI during the June 13 papal audience (probably "Ave Maria"), and, while in Italy, was also the principal choir for a Mass at the Altar of the Chair in St. Peter's Basilica, singing the liturgy for the feast of the Sacred Heart at Santa Croce, presenting a formal concert at St. Ignatius Church in Rome and singing a liturgy at the Basilica of St. Francis in Assisi.
Academics.
Cor Jesu is well regarded for its academics. In order to be considered for admission to the school, students must score in the eighty-fifth percentile or above in a standardized test such as the Iowa Test of Basic Skills. In addition to its college preparatory courses, Cor Jesu offers Advanced College Credit (ACC) courses to juniors and seniors in conjunction with St. Louis University. Advanced Placement courses are offered in History, Government, English, Spanish, French, Latin, Math and Science.
Cor Jesu students average a score of 29 on the ACT, nine points above the national average. According to St Louis Magazine, the average score of 29 was the highest for an all-girls Catholic High School. Comparing year-over-year data reveals that Cor Jesu consistently has among the highest ACT scores in St Louis. Since the 2000-2001 school year, Cor Jesu has had 21 National Merit Finalists and 45 National Merit Commended Students. Ninety-nine percent of Cor Jesu students continue on to college or university studies.
Cor Jesu has been accredited by the North Central Association since 1971. In 1990-91, Cor Jesu was named a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence by the U.S. Department of Education.
Athletics.
Cor Jesu offers several sports programs for students: cross country, field hockey, softball, volleyball, golf and tennis in the fall; basketball, swimming and cheerleading in the winter; and soccer, lacrosse, and track and field in the spring. The school has won state championships in several sports, and are the current Midwest Field Hockey champions, Soccer state champions and also High School National champions in Racquetball.
State Championships.
National Champions: Mock Trial, Summer 2010

</doc>
<doc id="2896123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896123" title="Slab serif">
Slab serif

In typography, a slab serif (also called "mechanistic", "square serif" or "Egyptian") typeface is a type of serif typeface characterized by thick, block-like serifs. Serif terminals may be either blunt and angular (Rockwell), or rounded (Courier). Slab serif typefaces generally have no bracket (feature connecting the strokes to the serifs). Some consider slab serifs to be a subset of modern serif typefaces.
Because of their bold appearance, they are most commonly used in large headlines and advertisements but are seldom used in body text. One recent exception to the general lack of the use of Slab Serif in body text is Guardian Egyptian, a font designed for the newspaper "The Guardian" in the UK, which is used throughout the paper and within its body. Another common exception to this rule is in the use of monospaced text, many fonts for which are modeled on the typefaces used by typewriters. Though widely utilized in the field of computer science due to their fixed-width nature, the everyday use of typewriter-like fonts is declining in the wake of electronic publishing and the spread of electronic reading devices.
History.
As printed material began to branch out from the familiar realm of books, new typefaces were needed for use in advertising, posters, and flyers. Slab serif printing type was first commercially introduced by Vincent Figgins under the name Antique, with copies of specimen dated 1815 and 1817.
Following Napoleon's Egyptian campaign and dissemination of images and descriptions via publications like Description de l'Égypte (1809) an intense cultural fascination with all things Egyptian followed. Suites of contemporary parlor furniture were produced resembling furniture found in tombs. Multicolored woodblock printed wallpaper could make a dining room in Edinburgh or Chicago feel like Luxor. While there was no relationship between Egyptian writing systems and slab serif types, either shrewd marketing or honest confusion led to slab serifs often being called "Egyptians", and many early ones are named for the subject: Cairo, Karnak, and Memphis. The common metonym "Egyptian" is derived from a craze for Egyptian artifacts in Europe and North America in the early nineteenth century, which led typefounders producing Slab Serifs after Figgins' work to call their designs Egyptian. However, the term Egyptian had previously been used to describe sans-serif types in England, so the term 'Antique' was used by British and American typefounders. The term Egyptian was adopted by French and German foundries, where it became Egyptienne.
Sub-classifications of slab-serif.
There are four subgroups of slab serif typefaces:
Clarendon model.
Clarendon typefaces, unlike other slab serifs, actually have some bracketing and some contrast in size in the actual serif. Examples include Clarendon and Egyptienne.
Neo-grotesque model.
The most common slab serif typefaces, Neo-grotesque have no bracketing and evenly weighted stems and serifs. The letterforms are similar to neo-grotesque or "realist" sans-serif fonts. Examples include Rockwell, Memphis and Lubalin.
Italienne model.
In the Italienne model, the serifs are even heavier than the stems, forging a dramatic, attention-drawing effect. Some Italienne slab serifs, such as Playbill, have a characteristic Western appearance, likely as a result of their frequent use in western-era posters.
Typewriter typefaces.
Typewriter slab serif typefaces are named for their use in strike-on typewriting. These faces originated in monospaced format with fixed-width, meaning that every character takes up exactly the same amount of horizontal space. This feature is necessitated by the nature of the typewriter apparatus. Examples include Courier and Courier New (both Neo-grotesque model) and Prestige Elite (Clarendon model).

</doc>
<doc id="2896125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896125" title="Carlton Baugh">
Carlton Baugh

Carlton Seymour Baugh (born 23 June 1982) is a Jamaican cricketer.
He is an aggressive right-hand batsman and bowls a leg break googly, however, he usually occupies the position of wicketkeeper. His Test debut came during a five-day match against Australia between 19–23 April 2003. His father, Carlton Baugh Snr., also played cricket between 1980 and 1983. Having scored a century against Barbados, he attracted the attention of the selectors and has been chosen to represent the West Indies in five matches thus far.
He was recalled for the West Indies tour of Canada and Abu Dhabi, but was poor both behind and in front of the stumps. He was retained for the West Indies tour of New Zealand in 2008/09, but only appeared in one Twenty20 match, where he made 2 from 2.
Things turned around for him when he was offered a retainer contract by the West Indies Cricket Board for the 2010/11 season.
He was forced to fly home as he was suffered from Hamstring injury, so he was not available more in World Cup 2011 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="2896128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896128" title="Suhana Meharchand">
Suhana Meharchand

Suhana Meharchand (born 22 Apr 1962) is a CBC News Network anchor and host of CBC News Now from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) on weekdays.
Early life.
Born in Durban, South Africa, and raised in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Meharchand is a graduate of broadcast journalism from Toronto's Ryerson University. She was inspired by an uncle who ran an underground (underground because of apartheid, see History of South Africa in the apartheid era) newspaper in her native South Africa. She immigrated to Canada in 1968.
Career.
Meharchand's first jobs as a journalist were at CHCH-TV, a TV station in Hamilton, Ontario and at CBET in Windsor, Ontario. She would then move to Ottawa where she spent three years as a general reporter and weekend anchor at CJOH-TV, a CTV affiliate.
From September, 1987 through to July, 1989, Meharchand was host and producer of What's New, CBC-TV's national news and current affairs program for young people.
Meharchand's next assignment was anchor of the Saturday Evening News broadcast of Toronto, London, and Windsor viewers.
In September 1995, she was appointed anchor of the CBC's regional newscast on CBLT in Toronto. Meharchand replaced Bill Cameron who had moved to Halifax to anchor the CBC Newsworld's morning telecast. This assignment would last for five years, ending in September 2000 when CBC announced that the CBC Evening news would be going off the air. Poor ratings and cost cutting (plans by CBC were to cut 639 jobs). Meharchand would survive the cuts and move on to read the 11 PM newscast.
Meharchand has received two Gemini Award nominations for her work and has won several international awards for documentary work, including awards from the Columbus International Film & Video Festival and the New York Film and TV Festival. She is the recipient of a Paul Harris Fellowship awarded by Rotary International and an Honorary Member of the Canadian Women's Foundation. Her many community activities are with Performers for Literacy, Gems of Hope, Redwood Shelter for Women and Children, Canadian Paraplegic Association, Hospital for Sick Children and Princess Margaret Breast Cancer Centre, to name a few.
Personal life.
She was formerly engaged to former Citytv political journalist and Toronto City Councillor Adam Vaughan. In an interview for the Toronto Star, she commented on their relationship, saying "he gave too many answers but did not ask enough questions". They have a daughter, Mimi. Prior to that, Suhana was married to Ron Clarkin. They had two children, Mariah and Acton.

</doc>
<doc id="2896130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896130" title="Toxotai">
Toxotai

Toxotai (, "archers"; plural form of "Toxotes", τοξότης) were Greek archers armed with a short Greek bow and a short sword. They carried a little pelte (or pelta) (Greek: πέλτη) shield. Cretan Greek archers used nearly the same type of equipment except that they used a long bow.
"Hippo-toxotai" were mounted archers and rode ahead of the cavalry. 
The name "Toxotes" was used to describe the mythic Sagittarius, a legendary creature thought to be a centaur.

</doc>
<doc id="2896133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896133" title="American Association of Independent Professional Baseball">
American Association of Independent Professional Baseball

The American Association of Independent Professional Baseball, based in Durham, North Carolina, is a professional baseball league founded in 2005 and independent of Major League Baseball (MLB). It operates in the states of Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas, New York, and New Jersey along with the Canadian provinces of Manitoba and Quebec, mostly in cities not served by MLB teams or their minor league affiliates.
Miles Wolff is the league's commissioner.
History.
The American Association was founded in October 2005 when Northern League teams left that league. Following the folding of the Central Baseball League, five teams from that league joined with the four former Northern League franchises, and to even things out an expansion team was placed in St. Joseph, Missouri. The league began play in 2006, with a 96-game schedule. The Fort Worth Cats defeated the St. Paul Saints 3 games to 2, to win the first league championship. The same two teams met for the 2007 title, with exactly the same result. In 2008, the Sioux Falls Canaries won the league championship series 3 games to 1 over the Grand Prairie AirHogs.
The 2012 season, schedule was increased to one hundred games and featured five teams from the Canadian American Association of Professional Baseball. This format of having the Canadian American Association, despite fielding a different fifth team, playing with the American Association continued in the 2013 season. The two leagues are both headquartered in Durham, North Carolina and both have Miles Wolff as their commissioner. This is similar to inter-league play in Major League Baseball, but American and Canadian American Associations are "separate" legal entities and have separate playoffs/championships.
For 2014, the Can-Ams teams played as a division of the AA, while maintaining its separate identity.
All-star game.
The American Association hosted an annual All-Star Game from 2006 to 2010. The league's first All-Star game was played in El Paso, Texas, on July 18, 2006, which pit a team of American Association All-Stars against an All-Star team from the Can-Am League. Its current format pits the all-stars from each division against each other. There was no All-Star game in 2011, 2012, or 2013. The Winnipeg Goldeyes will host the 2014 All-Star game.

</doc>
<doc id="2896134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896134" title="Sam Fullbrook">
Sam Fullbrook

Sam Fullbrook (1922–2004) was an Australian artist who was a winner of the Archibald Prize for portraiture and the Wynne Prize for landscape. He was described as "last of the bushman painters" (a rural art tradition). However Fullbrook was fine art-trained and his sophisticated works are in every State art museum in Australia and international collections.
Early life.
Fullbrook was born Samuel Sydney Fullbrook, in the inner city suburb of Chippendale in Sydney in 1922.
From 1937 he worked as a timber cutter in Gloucester, New South Wales. He was to serve in the Australian army and work at manual jobs before discovering his bent for art. After the outbreak of World War II, he enlisted with the Australian Infantry Forces in 1940 and the following year was posted in Palestine but did not see active service. In the years 1943 to 1945, he trained in rifles in the Middle East and served in New Guinea.
At this time he found reading and painting through the Army Adult Education program so that after the war, in 1946, he enrolled in the National Gallery School of Victoria in Melbourne under a federal government retraining program. Among his contemporaries in art school were John Brack, Clifton Pugh and Fred Williams. Fullbrook painted his first portrait in Yarraville on the sugar wharf. In 1947 he moved to West Melbourne and began selling his work through the Victorian Artists’ Society.
Career.
Fullbrook was to have a constant and wide ranging career as a painter beginning in 1948 with his first joint exhibition at Tye’s Gallery with NGS classmate Tim Nicholl. In the same year his father died and he returned to Sydney, converting his father’s shop into an art studio. To support his painting, Fullbrook went to far North Queensland for the cane-cutting season.
Around this time, sharks and "Bondi virgins" made their first appearance in his works. He returned to Queensland where he befriended James Wieneke of Moreton Gallery and was employed by Richard Morley, founder of the Blake Prize. This is when he discovered a talent for landscapes.
His first solo exhibition was held at the Waterside Workers’ Hall, Sydney in 1952. The same year, he had a second solo show at the Moreton Gallery, Brisbane and received honourable mention in the Archibald Prize for his portrait of his contemporary, potter Bernard Sahm. Fullbrook then travelled west across Australia, setting up a studio in Marble Bar in Western Australia, also working as a miner, cane cutter and stockman.
In 1971, he lost most of his work in a fire at his Brisbane studio, but recovered to continue working in the Darling Downs, Sydney, the Gold Coast and Melbourne.
He set up studios all over the country and each change in events and environment would prompt a new direction in the works. His main series were the "Darling River series", the "Phoenix" series in Buderim, Queensland, "Circus", "Brisbane River", and "The Shearer" series among others. His oeuvre ranged from biblical themes, horse-racing, aboriginal Australians, Pilbara landscapes to Bondi, wildlife, floral works, and studio nudes.
Artist Robert Jacks said he painted "some of the most beautiful portraits ever painted in Australia." Among them are former Australian Governor-General Sir John Kerr and media entrepreneur Reg Grundy; others include Pat Brown and Bernard Sahm, artists, jockeys and members of the public. The Kerr portrait was submitted to hang in Parliament House but was rejected for being "caricature".
Painting style and themes.
Fullbrook's light and airy works were soft figuration bordering on abstraction in high-tone coloured patches but leaving the subject entirely recognisable. Most of his paintings and scenes were about his personal interests and life experiences. He painted in oils and worked in pastels and watercolour as well as exhibiting drawings. Reviewing a 1995 National Gallery of Victoria exhibition, "Racing Colors", art critic Robert Nelson described him as: 
"A colourist... Fullbrook's forte lies in the difficult balancing of patches of pinks and teal, or striations of lilac and dashes of cadmium green."
Exposure.
Fullbrook won the Archibald Prize in 1974 with the painting "Jockey Norman Stephens". He won the Wynne Prize in 1963 with "Sandhills on the Darling", and shared the Wynne Prize the following year with "Trees in a Landscape" showing Jacarandas in a Sydney scene.
Throughout the 1960s to 2001 his works were included in national tours and tours to the U.S. He exhibited in New York in 1989. Fullbrook had solo shows in galleries in every Australian state.
Fullbrook's works are in national and all state museum collections. A prolific artist, he has been collected in every major Australian museum, every state museum and in many city gallery collections, clubs and Universities. He has been collected commercially and privately in Australia, the United States, Canada, China, Japan, the U.K., New Zealand, Europe and Malaysia.
Personal life.
Fullbrook married Janice England in 1966, but his wife suicided the following year. In 1983 he remarried, to American, Mary Jane.
After a lifetime's travelling, Fullbrook decided to live permanently in Brisbane from the mid-60s. He took a property "Crosshill" on the Darling Downs in the 90s. He was an Australia Day Ambassador in 2001.
At his country Victoria property, he kept 20 racehorses and entered them at country race meetings.
Death.
He died of cancer in Daylesford Hospital in central Victoria in 2004 aged 81.
Awards.
1963 Wynne Prize

</doc>
<doc id="2896136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896136" title="José Enrique Pedreira">
José Enrique Pedreira

José Enrique Pedreira (February 2, 1904 – January 6, 1959) was a Puerto Rican composer noted for danzas.
Early years.
Pedreira was one of four siblings born to José María Pedreira and dRosa Kehrham in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
His family, who were financially prosperous, sent him to the best private schools in the island. He began to take private music lessons at a young age. In 1922, he graduated from high school and was sent to New York City, by his parents, to continue his musical education. He enrolled in the music school of Zygmunt Stojowski and learned piano and music composition. It was there that he met a fellow student who was to become his wife, Alicia Hutchinson. Duirng his student years he composed his first work, the waltz “Alicia”.
Musical career.
In 1932, Pedreira returned to Puerto Rico with his wife and established the Pedreira Academy of Music in San Juan. He gave piano lessons while she (a pianist in her own right) gave piano and violin lessons. During his spare time he composed music and danzas for piano, violin and cello. The couple had one child, José Enrique “Quique” Pedreira Hutchinson.
Musical compositions.
Besides “Alicia”, his first composition, he composed "Cancion Criolla" in 1934, for which he was awarded the Elzaburu del Ateneo Puertorriqueño prize. He also composed "Concierto en Re Menor para Piano y Orquestra" (Concert in R minor for Piano and Orquestra) and in 1942, “Ensueño de Marta” his first danza. In October 1946. Pedreira's composition “Estudio de Concierto en Do Sostenido Menor” was included in Hilda Andino's concert at Carnegie Hall.
Pedreira was also the recepiant of many awards. He won a competition sponsored by the Juilliard School of Music in New York,with his composition "Tus Caricias" and a first prize for his danza "Siempre",d uring the celebration of Juan Morel Campos 100th birthday in 1957.
Many of his compositions were used by other Puerto Rican artists, among them Jesús Maria Sanromá and Graciela Rivera. His compositions were not all piano related, he also composed various works to be played on the violin.
In 1953, Pedreira and José Raúl Ramírez created the Dúo Piano-Organo “Pedreira-Ramírez”. The duo performed in various weekly radio and televivion programs. They also performed in various cities in the United States.
Legacy.
José Enrique Pedreira died on January 6, 1959 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. José Raúl Ramírez was petition of his widow Alicia Hutchinson to become custodian of his works. During the years Ramírez published many of the works of Pedreira. In 1985, Pedreira was posthumously inducted into the Danza Composers Hall of Fame located in the town of San German, Puerto Rico.
Awards and recognitions.
Pedreira received many awards and recognitions during his lifetime. Some of the institutions that honored him were:

</doc>
<doc id="2896140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896140" title="Aurifaber">
Aurifaber

Aurifaber (the Latinized form of the German surname "Goldschmidt" or "Goldschmied" meaning "gold smith") was a surname borne by three prominent men of the Reformation period in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="2896142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896142" title="Colin Vaughan">
Colin Vaughan

Colin Vaughan (1931 – 1 January 2000) was a television journalist, architect, urban activist and alderman serving the Canadian city of Toronto. He was best known as the political specialist for the Toronto television station Citytv from 1977 until his death. He died suddenly of a heart attack at the age of 68.
Personal life.
Born in Australia, Vaughan studied architecture in Sydney and moved to Montreal, Canada in the 1950s. He moved to Toronto in the mid-fifties to work at Page and Steele, a noted Toronto firm. There he met Peter Dickinson. In the late fifties he became one of Peter Dickinson's original associates with Dickinson's new firm. In the early sixties he, Rod Robbie, Dick Williams and Fred Ashworth set out on their own. The new firm Ashworth, Robbie, Vaughan and Williams Architects and Planners, teamed with Paul Schoeler of Schoeler, Barkham and Heaton Architects and Planning Consultants, and Matt Stankiewicz of Z. Matthew Stankiewicz Architect, to compete for and would eventually go on to win the competition to build the Canadian Pavilion at Expo 67. Vaughan also worked on the O'Keefe Centre's interior as well as the Inn on the Park and 2 King Street West.
His son Adam Vaughan, a former CBC Television journalist, succeeded him as Citytv political specialist and is now Toronto City Councillor for Trinity-Spadina. His daughter Annabel Vaughan is an architect in Vancouver and another daughter, Polly Vaughan, is the senior editor at another CHUM television station, A-Channel Vancouver Island. He has three other children; Thomas, Sam, and Jenny.
Urban activism and politics.
In the late '60s he helped lead the Stop Spadina movement, a citizens' group opposed to inner city expressways in Toronto.
In 1972 he was elected to Toronto City Council and in 1974 he was elected to Metro Council. Vaughan was one of several new aldermen elected in 1972 who created a pro-reform, pro-neighbourhood majority on city council under the new reform mayor David Crombie.
Journalism career.
Vaughan left city council in the 1977, after five years on city council, to begin a new career as a journalist with Citytv's new local daily news show, "CityPulse". In later decades, he also wrote on municipal politics for the "Globe & Mail" the "Toronto Star" and "Toronto Life" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="2896147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896147" title="Andreas Aurifaber">
Andreas Aurifaber

Andreas Aurifaber (1514–1559) was a German physician of some repute, but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg, last grand-master of the Teutonic Knights, and first Protestant duke of Prussia, became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married.
Life.
He was born in Breslau; Johannes Aurifaber of Breslau was his younger brother. He studied at the University of Wittenberg in 1527, and there became a friend of Philip Melanchthon. In 1529 he became rector of the Latin school at Danzig, and two years later accepted a similar post at Elbing.
The bounty of Duke Albert of Prussia enabled him to pursue the study of medicine at Wittenberg and in Italy, and after 1545 he was physician to the Duke and professor of physics and medicine in the newly established University of Königsberg. There he wrote a number of treatises on physics and physiology.
In 1550 he married a daughter of Osiander, and became involved in the bitter controversy aroused by the latter’s views on justification and grace. After Osiander's death in 1552, Aurifaber, who in the preceding year had been made rector of the university, became the leader of the Osiandrian faction and made use of his office and his influence over the duke to crush the rival faction in Prussia, driving its adherents from the university in 1554. He went on to travel extensively throughout Germany, aroused the hatred of the conservatives, who assailed him with extreme virulence. Aurifaber, however, retained his influence until his death, which occurred suddenly, in the antechamber of the duke at Königsberg, on December 12, 1559.

</doc>
<doc id="2896148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896148" title="Brajkishore Prasad">
Brajkishore Prasad

Brajkishore Prasad (1877-1946) was a lawyer inspired by Mohandas Gandhi during the Indian Independence Movement.
Born in a prominent Kayastha family in Shrinagar, Prasad took his early education in Chhapra and Patna before moving to Presidency College in Calcutta, where he completed his legal training. In between he married to Phool Devi. He set up a legal practise in Darbhanga and had two sons Vishwa Nath and Shiv Nath Prasad, more commonly known as SN Prasad, and two daughters, Prabhavati Devi and Vidyawati. Prabhavati Devi was married to Jayaprakash Narayan and Vidyawati to Mrityunjaya Prasad, son of Rajendra Prasad.
He met with Mahatma Gandhi in 1915 and was immediately taken in by him. He decided to get involved full-time in the freedom struggle and gave up his legal practice. He was instrumental in Gandhi taking up the Champaran and Kheda Satyagraha, in which Gandhi handpicked Rajendra Prasad and Anugrah Narayan Sinha along with him to successfully lead the movement. Gandhi was so impressed by Prasad's dedication that he set aside a full chapter on him in his autobiographical book, "The Story of My Experiments with Truth", called "The Gentle Bihari".
He remained at the forefront of the freedom struggle in Bihar, and his collaboration with several colleagues was instrumental in the setting up of the Bihar Vidyapeeth. For the last ten years of his life he was severely infirmed, and died in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="2896149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896149" title="Zaldibar">
Zaldibar

Zaldibar (in Basque and officially, in Spanish: "Zaldívar") is an elizate, town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain. Zaldibar is part of the "comarca" of Durangaldea and has a population of 2,876 inhabitants as of 2006 and according to the Spanish National Statistics Institute.
Toponymy.
"Zaldibar" can be translated from Basque as "horse valley", from "zaldi" (horse) and "ibar" (valley). The coat of arms of the town then includes a horse. "Zaldívar" is the name in Spanish. However, the town was named "Zaldua" (Basque) or "Zaldúa" (Spanish) until 1932. "Zaldua" is then translated from Basque to Spanish as "el soto", which might be referred to a "sotobosque", Spanish word for understory. "Valley of the Soto" is then another possible origin of the current name.
Currently, "Zaldua" is considered an archaism and it is not used, being since 1980 "Zaldibar" the official name of the municipality.
History.
The elizate of Zaldua, today Zaldibar, was part of the ancient "merindad of Durango" and had voice and right to vote in the "Juntas of Guerendiaga", where it occupied the seat number seven. As it is common with the elizates, the original date of founding is unknown. The tradition tells that the Navarre king Sancho II of Pamplona (935-994) lived ten years in one of the towers of Zaldibar as a prisoner. The owners of the forementioned tower controlled several territories of what today is Zaldibar. There are historical data that places the construction of the San Andres church (the church of the town) in the 13th century. The church was reconstructed in 1778 from previous damage.
Geography.
The municipality of Zaldibar is located in the southeastern part of the comarca of Durangaldea and the province of Biscay. It borders at south with the municipality of Elorrio, at west with Berriz, at north with Mallabia and Ermua and at east with the province of Gipuzkoa.
Hidrography.
The main river of the town is the Zaldu or Zalduerreka, which joins the Ibaizabal river in Abadiño. The river is joined by several small streams as the Solozabal and Agirre-Sakona. The oriental part of the municipality is crossed by the Ego river, which joins the Deba river in Eibar.
Transports.
The main road communication of Zaldibar is the N-634 which crosses the town from east to west. The AP-8 highway also crosses the municipality but cannot be accessed from it; the nearest accesses are in Durango and Ermua. Both roads connect Zaldibar with the rest of Biscay (and its capital, Bilbao) and the province of Gipuzkoa (and its capital, Donostia).
Zaldibar has a station of the narrow-gauge regional railways, Euskotren, which connects the town with other major municipalities and cities like Bilbao, Amorebieta-Etxano, Durango, Eibar, Donostia and Hendaye.

</doc>
<doc id="2896158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896158" title="Zalla">
Zalla

Zalla is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, northern Spain. 

</doc>
<doc id="2896164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896164" title="Zamudio">
Zamudio

Zamudio is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896168" title="Suzhou, Anhui">
Suzhou, Anhui

Suzhou () formerly Romanized as Suchow is a prefecture-level city in northern Anhui province. It borders the prefectural cities of Huaibei and Bengbu to the southwest and south respectively, the provinces of Jiangsu to the east, Shandong to the north, and Henan to the northwest.
History.
Suzhou was formerly Su County ().
Administration.
Suzhou administers five county-level divisions, including one district and four counties.
These are further divided into 118 township-level divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="2896169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896169" title="Zaratamo">
Zaratamo

Zaratamo () is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896173" title="Zeanuri">
Zeanuri

Zeanuri () is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896174" title="Robert Hannaford">
Robert Hannaford

Robert Lyall Hannaford (born 9 November 1944), is an Australian realist artist.
Life and career.
Known as "Alfie", Hannaford was born and grew up on his family farm in Riverton, South Australia. 
Hannaford is a self-taught artist who has been mentored by South Australian artists Hans Heysen and Ivor Hele. He worked as political cartoonist for the "Adelaide Advertiser" from 1964 to 1967 (between Pat Oliphant and Michael Atchison), before becoming a full-time artist in 1970. 
Primarily known as a portrait artist, depicting the likes of Dame Joan Sutherland, Donald Bradman, Paul Keating, and Bob Hawke, he is also known for his landscapes, still lifes and nudes. He has commented on his portraiture that: “Portraiture is an exploration of character that goes beyond photography. It is an ongoing thing over a long period of time. You get elements of various emotions that can be sensed in the painting.”
He has entered the Archibald Prize each year since 1991 and has been a finalist every year that he has entered.

</doc>
<doc id="2896176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896176" title="John S. Gibson, Jr.">
John S. Gibson, Jr.

John S. Gibson, Jr. (1902–1987) was a powerful San Pedro, California, politician who was on the Los Angeles City Council for thirty years between 1951 and 1981. He was the president of the council for sixteen of those years and was acting mayor when the mayor was out of the city. Earlier, fresh out of college, he was mayor of a small town in Kansas, the youngest at age 21 ever to serve in the entire country to that time.
He was seen as a "crafty politician who used a folksy approach to wield considerable power in the city over four decades."
Biography.
Gibson was born on August 11, 1902, in Geneseo, Kansas, the son of John S. Gibson of Constantine, Michigan, and Flora Dix Gibson of Lynn, Massachusetts, They had two daughters, Marlyn Irene Buehler and Florene Dix Blackwelder. The family moved to California in 1926 or 1927, where he worked for his father-in-law's Long Beach dairy for a year before relocating to San Pedro, California, in 1928. He graduated from the American Institute of Banking and became president of the Citizens Bank there in 1930 and a general contractor in 1941. The family home was at 1604 Sunnyside Terrace.
In 1951 he was on the board of the San Pedro YMCA, director of the Pacific Southwest Region of Youth for Christ, chairman of the board of the First Baptist Church and treasurer of the Harbor Association of Evangelicals and a member of the Christian Businessmen's Association. He founded California's first Boys Club in San Pedro. He was a hunter and fisherman and, as a council member, regularly sponsored a fishing derby at the Los Angeles Harbor for local children.
Gibson suffered a heart attack in 1974, but "it was his wife's death in 1978 that seemed to take the biggest toll." He died at his home on April 22, 1987, when he was recuperating from hip surgery. Funeral services were held at the First Baptist Church in San Pedro, and interment was at Green Hills Memorial Park on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Public service.
Kansas.
After high school, he worked in his father's bank and at age 21 became the mayor of the small town of Geneseo, Kansas, the youngest municipal executive at that time ever to serve in the United States. "On the second floor of City Hall was the council and the judge's chambers," he told a reporter in 1975. "When the judge died I served in his place for about a year because I was also the mayor."
Los Angeles City Council.
Elections.
"See also List of Los Angeles municipal election returns, 1951 and after."
In 1951 Gibson successfully challenged George H. Moore, the incumbent, in Los Angeles City Council District 15, winning by 10,555 votes to 9,514 in the final vote. The district included San Pedro, Wilmington, Harbor City, Los Angeles, the shoestring strip of Harbor Gateway and parts of Watts and South Central Los Angeles.
Pat Russell tried unsuccessfully to unseat Gibson in 1975.
In the 1977 election, the Municipal Elections Committee of Los Angeles (MECLA), a homosexual-rights group, put $5,000 into the campaign of Jim Stanberry, enough to force Gibson into an unaccustomed runoff election. Gibson responded to this unusual challenge by attacking Stanberry for accepting the money and for his membership in the left-wing Peace and Freedom Party. In the final vote, Gibson won with 2,748 votes to Stanberry's 1,123.
Gibson held the third-longest incumbency of any Los Angeles City Council member—30 years, after Ernani Bernardi's 32 years and John Ferraro's 35 years.
Positions.
Though he often described himself as a "conservative Democrat," when he was first named president of the City Council in 1953 he was identified as a part of the "so-called liberal bloc," and he appointed other such councilmen—like Gordon Hahn, who broke a 7–7 tie to vote for Gibson as president—to chair the most important committees of the council. He was said to be "a liberal joining a very conservative council."
He "loathed laws and regulations that he felt hampered free enterprise, and his pro-business, pro-growth views often angered environmentalists and tenants seeking protection through rent control and condominium conversion ordinances."
Gibson was frequently described as a "nice guy," with an "easygoing, affable manner" and a "folksy sense of humor," but he could also be cantankerous and vindictive, the "Los Angeles Times" remarked editorially, as when he stripped Pat Russell and Marvin Braude of their committee positions in 1975 and "assignthem to obscure and unimportant panels" after the two of them had opposed Gibson's bid for reelection as council president.
He was a self-described religious fundamentalist who "made no attempt to separate his religious beliefs from his politics." He admired Billy Graham and said he never attended a council meeting without first saying a prayer. He said his favorite Bible verse was Galatians 6:2-3, "Bear one another's burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ. For if any one thinks he is something, when he is nothing, he deceives himself" a quotation read to him by his mother when he became mayor of Geneseo, Kansas.
He blocked a community plan for San Pedro for nearly twenty years "because he opposed government-mandated controls on growth." In 1973 he agreed with Councilman Billy G. Mills that the city was following planning policies that ignored housing for the poor and that would result in "larger inner-city ghettos." He objected to policies that allowed large lots in more affluent parts of town but, he said, concentrated apartments in the poorer sections.
He was the only City Council member who did not use a private office but preferred to work "elbow-to-elbow with his staff in a large City Hall room, generally in his shirt sleeves."
In 1975 he said he was upset by laws that would reduce penalties for possession of marijuana. He added:
Permissiveness is destroying the morality of the young people and contributes to rising crime. I don't claim to be sinless, but as long as I breathe a breath I shall do my best to at least all people's attention to these matters.
Gibson played a key role in bringing the Dodgers baseball club from Brooklyn to Chavez Ravine in Los Angeles.
Presidency.
Gibson set a record of sixteen years as City Council president (1953–61 and 1969–77), leading his colleagues to designate him as president emeritus when he retired from the council in 1981, the only person ever honored in that way. He was thus acting mayor when Norris Poulson or Sam Yorty was out of the city.
With Yorty out of town on a European trip, it fell to Gibson to deal with the city's response to the Watts Riots of 1965. He was also left to handle a 1973 energy crisis. His "calm handling of those crises won him respect—and an unofficial title as the city's 'panic mayor.' "
He at one point ordered the locking of exits from the council chamber and the posting of police guards to prevent the possible breaking of a quorum.
Other offices.
Gibson tried unsuccessfully for other offices: He ran for mayor in 1957, county assessor in 1962 and Congress member in 1968.
Legacy.
In his honor, several landmarks in the 15th district were named after him, including a boulevard near the Port of Los Angeles, a small park in front of the Los Angeles Maritime Museum at the corner of S. Harbor and 6th street, and the municipal building ("city hall") of San Pedro.
References.
Access to some of the "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card.

</doc>
<doc id="2896178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896178" title="Johannes Aurifaber (Vratislaviensis)">
Johannes Aurifaber (Vratislaviensis)

Jo(h)annes Aurifaber (30 January 1517 in Breslau, Silesia – 19 October 1568) was a German Lutheran theologian and reformer.
The younger brother of the physician Andreas Aurifaber often signed his name with "Vratislaviensis" (from Breslau) to distinguish himself from the contemporary fellow theologian Johannes Aurifaber "Vimariensis" (from Weimar).
He was educated at Wittenberg, where he formed a close and lasting friendship with Philipp Melanchthon. After graduating in 1538, he spent twelve years as docent at the university, and having then received his doctorate of divinity, was appointed professor of divinity and pastor of the church of St. Nicholas at Rostock. He distinguished himself by his conciliatory disposition, earned the special confidence of John Albert, Duke of Mecklenburg, and took a leading part in 1552 in drawing up the constitution of the Mecklenburg church. He also settled some religious disputes in the town of Lübeck.
In 1553 Albert, Duke of Prussia, anxious to heal the differences in the Prussian church caused by the discussion of Andreas Osiander's doctrines, invited Aurifaber to Königsberg, and in the following year appointed him professor of divinity at the Königsberg Albertina University and president of the Samland diocese. Aurifaber, however, found it impossible to conciliate all parties, and in 1565 returned to Breslau, where, in 1567, he became pastor in the church of St. Elizabeth and inspector of the Lutheran churches and schools.

</doc>
<doc id="2896179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896179" title="Rawl Lewis">
Rawl Lewis

Rawl Nicholas Lewis (born September 5, 1974) is a West Indian cricketer. Statistically, he is one of the most ineffective Test bowlers of recent times.
Lewis is a right-handed batsman and bowls a legbreak googly. Having bowled during three Tests, in which he bowled 97.3 overs, he conceded 388 runs and captured just a single wicket, giving him a Test bowling average of 388.00, the highest average bowling figures in Test cricket.
He captained the Windward Islands and played for Barrow Cricket Club in England, before being recalled to the West Indies squad for the tour of New Zealand in 2006.
Lewis was recalled to the West Indies team in 2008 for the 2nd Test match against South Africa. He picked up 3 wickets in the match, thus greatly improving his average although it was not enough to force a win, his side losing by seven wickets in Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="2896182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896182" title="Zeberio">
Zeberio

Zeberio () is a municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896185" title="Zierbena">
Zierbena

Zierbena is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Ferry Port.
The Ferry Port in Zierbena (which is known to some as Bilbao Ferry Port) has two arrivals and departures per week of the MV Cap Finistère (for Brittany Ferries), the sailings have either come from Portsmouth (Portsmouth International Port) or are bound for Portsmouth (Portsmouth International Port).

</doc>
<doc id="2896187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896187" title="Ea, Biscay">
Ea, Biscay

Ea (also pronounced "Ie" in basque) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the 
autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
The town has three boroughs: "Ea", "Bedarona" and "Natxitua". The main one, Ea, is the most populated of the municipality, which has a total population of 870 (2007).
Geography.
Ea is located on the coast, 50 km northeast from Bilbao, in the bottom of a tiny estuary that breaks through the cliffs of the Bay of Biscay.
The Ea river crosses the town, which has three bridges, the oldest one being the so-called ""Roman Bridge"" (featured in the coat of arms) that is really a medieval one.
There is a small fishing port, but the predominant activities of the town are agriculture, silviculture and cattle, with many farms disperse around the typically basque countryside.
History.
The area was a rural one, centered on the parishes of Natxitua and Bedarona. In the 16th century, fishermen from both villages founded a new permanent settlement at the bottom of the tiny estuary of the river Ea. After two centuries, the settlement became far more important than its two neighbouring villages, so finally a new municipality was created, uniting the two former villages and with capital in Ea. As a remainder of its past as two separated parishes, Ea has two main churches, one at each bank of the river.
Transport.
There is a taxi service in the town. Contact Iratxe on 616395470 or 626219407
Fiestas.
The first fiesta in the calender is San Juan, from the night of the 23rd until the 26th of June. On the 16th of July the town celebrates The Virgin of Carmen, patron saint of fishermen. San Ignacio takes place in the Bedarona neighbourhood on the 31st of July. On the first weekend of August there is the Gazte Eguna rock festival in Natxitua. On August 24th the people of the town gather together for San Bartolome day. There is a paella championship, traditional Basque sports and dancing at night. There is an end-of-summer party on the last weekend of August.
Culture.
Days Of Poetry
Every year since 2003, for three days in July, members of the cultural workshop HEA, inspired by the Basque poet and Ea summer visitor Gabriel Aresti, organise the poetry festival Eako Poesia Egunak (Days of Poetry in Ea). The event incorporates dance, poetry, concerts and theatre and has become a major event in the Basque cultural calender. The 2014 edition is from the 15th to the 17th of July.

</doc>
<doc id="2896190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896190" title="Orduña-Urduña">
Orduña-Urduña

Orduña () is a town and municipality of 4,057 inhabitants located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain.
It is located in a plain in the highest part of the Nervion river valley, at the foot of the Sierra Salbada mountains. The municipality is an exclave of Biscay, located between Álava and Burgos provinces. It's the only municipality of Biscay with the official title of city.
Orduña is the final station of the commuter rail line C-3 that links the town with Bilbao.

</doc>
<doc id="2896192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896192" title="Johannes Aurifaber (Vimariensis)">
Johannes Aurifaber (Vimariensis)

Joannes Aurifaber ("Vimariensis"; 1519 – November 18, 1575), was born in Weimar, and thus dubbed "Vimariensis" or "Vinariensis" to distinguish him from the contemporary Johannes Aurifaber "Vratislaviensis" from Breslau (1517–1568).
He studied at Wittenberg where he heard the lectures of Martin Luther, and afterwards became tutor to Count Mansfeldt. In the war of 1544–45 he accompanied the army as field-preacher, and then lived with Luther as his famulus or private secretary, being present at his death in 1546. In the following year he spent six months in prison with John Frederick, elector of Saxony, who had been captured by the emperor, Charles V. He held for some years the office of court-preacher at Weimar, but owing to theological disputes was compelled to resign this office in 1561. In 1566 he was appointed to the Lutheran church at Erfurt, and there remained till his death in November 1575. Besides taking a share in the first collected or Jena edition of Luther's works (1556), Aurifaber sought out and published at Eisleben in 1564–1565 several writings not included in that edition. He also published Luther's Letters (1556, 1565), and Table Talk (1566). This popular work, which has given him most of his fame, is unfortunately but a second or third hand compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="2896195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896195" title="Gordon Hahn">
Gordon Hahn

Gordon R. Hahn (1919–2001) was a member of the Los Angeles City Council and California State Assembly in the mid-20th Century.
While on the council, he cast the decisive vote that brought the Brooklyn Dodgers to Los Angeles and was instrumental in the appointment of Gilbert Lindsay, who became the first African American on the city council.
His brother, Kenneth Hahn, was Los Angeles County supervisor for 40 years. After Kenneth suffered a stroke in 1987, Gordon was his field deputy until Kenneth retired in 1992.
Biography.
Hahn was born in Kindersley, Saskatchewan, the sixth of the seven children of John and Hattie (Wiggins) Hahn. His father died when he was an infant, leaving his mother to raise the large family on a $60-per-month pension. She moved the family to a small house on Flower Street in Los Angeles, where his younger brother, Kenneth, was born.
Hahn worked his way through Pepperdine University, graduated from the United States Merchant Marine Academy and was a Naval Reserve officer during World War II.
After leaving office, he worked in the real estate business. He died of pneumonia caused by respiratory failure on March 29, 2001. Hahn was buried in Riverside National Cemetery in Riverside, California.
Political career.
Assembly.
In 1946, at the age of 27, he was elected as a Republican in the 66th District of the California State Assembly, becoming the second-youngest legislator in the state's history. He served four terms in the Assembly, from 1947 until 1953.
City Council.
"See also List of Los Angeles municipal election returns, 1953 and after."
Hahn was appointed to fill the Los Angeles City Council District 8 seat vacated by his brother, Kenneth, who had been elected to the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. Gordon was elected to the council in his own right after the expiration of his brother's term and served on the council until 1963.
In 1955 District 8 included an area ". . . bordering on Huntington Park and Vernon, from Vernon Avenue to 94th Street. . . . A considerable percentage of the population is Negro; they hold that their race should have some representation in the City Council. On the other hand, left-wing Democrats, following the banner of Rep. Jimmy Roosevelt, also have a candidate in the race, which may split the Negro vote."
While he was on the council he chaired Revenue and Taxation Committee. During an eight-day smog blanket over Los Angeles in 1954, Hahn told the Associated Press, "this thing has gone far enough, health should come before industry."
Other contests.
He ran to represent California's 31st District in the U.S. House of Representatives in 1962, losing to Democrat Charles H. Wilson, 48 percent to 52 percent. In 1986, he made an unsuccessful bid for Los Angeles County Assessor.

</doc>
<doc id="2896198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896198" title="Parkers Corner, Victoria">
Parkers Corner, Victoria

Parkers Corner is a town in Victoria, Australia, located at the junction of Rawson Road and Tyers - Thomson Valley Road, in the Shire of Baw Baw. With only 12 residents, it is the third-smallest town in Victoria.
Parkers Corner Post Office opened on 16 January 1950 and closed in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="2896212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896212" title="KIJI">
KIJI

KIJI, (104.3 FM) currently as Boss 104.3 is a radio station based in the village of Tumon in the United States territory of Guam inside the La Casa de Colina building. The station format is Classic rock from the 1970s and 1980s, billed as "Classic rock Radio."
Radio station spinsoff such as "TenFour FM" was sign-on from 2005 until 2012.
History.
According to "Pacific Daily News", the station signed on September 1, 2005 to provide news to Japanese tourists, who were currently staying on Guam. The station would also help Guam residents to learn Japanese language and culture.
In late 2006, KIJI began programming a rhythmic-dance oldies format that they tout on-air as "Retro Radio", which features classic party tunes from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. The format proved to be a favorite with listeners, resulting in KIJI going full-time with the format.
As of March 5, 2012, KIJI change as "Boss 104.3", the station format as Classic rock radio. 

</doc>
<doc id="2896214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896214" title="Togusa">
Togusa

Background.
Togusa is 27 years old, married, and the father of a young daughter. In the , he also has a son. Togusa's personality varies somewhat between the manga, movies, and series. In the manga he tends to be very emotional and plagued with feelings of failure; in the films he is savvier but still aware of his inexperience, and in the his personality is a combination of the two. He also tends to be the most emotional and temperamental, getting so outraged at one criminal committing murder right under his nose in an episode of he seriously wounded the man and ends up on trial. He seems very friendly with Batou and he was arguably the one who cracked the Laughing Man case.
His history as an uncorrupted detective is one of the reasons he was recruited (as well as his being a family man), to add an element of variety and unpredictability to the team. Togusa is also the only member of Section 9 to have not come from the military as he was from Section 1, which makes him feel somewhat insecure in his abilities at times. He is very fond of his archaic Mateba Autorevolver, opting to use it over the standard-issue Seburo M5 even in the field, citing that it cannot jam and that "six bullets is enough to get the job done", a decision which everyone inquires about occasionally.
"Ghost in the Shell (film)".
Togusa is introduced in the 1995 film by Mamoru Oshii right at the beginning in a short scene in a surveillance van with Batou, but he is not identified. We get to know him later when he is driving an armored van while Major Kusanagi dons her police armor in the back. He establishes his newness to the group by asking the Major why she requested he be transferred from the police to Section 9, and the Major answers him by stating that different skills and ideas are necessary in the unit, because homogenization equals death in their line of work. Togusa's police instincts come into play later, when he suspects something untoward involving Section 6, leading up to the theft of The Puppet Master.
"Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence".
GITS2 takes place in the years after the events of the first film, featuring a cold, emotionless Batou as the lead. Togusa knows he is upset at the disappearance of Major Kusanagi and is very meek in this film.
"Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex".
In , several episodes involving an illegally used wiretap called an "Interceptor" refer to his background as a detective in the police force and his subsequent recruitment into Section 9. He is pretty much the only character other than Batou whose history is shown in the first season since the other members of Section 9 appear in certain episodes. Despite this background revelation, his first name has not yet been mentioned.
He is the least-augmented member of Section 9, although he can still fare well in melee combat against cyborgs. All he has is the implanted cyber-brain, just like Chief Aramaki. He is somewhat skeptical of the blurring of the lines between man and machine, but he also suffers the worst injuries due to being human. In the manga, he is injured and hospitalized after being caught near a bomb blast. In "Stand Alone Complex," he's shot while doing an investigation and wonders aloud if he shouldn't be a full cyborg. When Aramaki is taken away for questioning, Togusa is arrested and detained for some time before being released; it is stated that Aramaki did this intentionally in order to keep Togusa out of immediate danger, due to his having a family and his earlier brush with death. He is later shown working at the security company that was his official cover while working for the government and is unaware of the fate of the other members for several months, effectively leaving him out of the loop because he was being monitored heavily; though such behavior from the rest of Section 9 is rather odd. Since they can hack into government records without being discovered, it is safe to presume that they would have no problem working around surveillance, and therefore should have been able to alert Togusa to the section's survival. Their failure to do so resulted in Togusa suffering a minor psychological break, attempting to assassinate one of the perpetrators in the Laughing Man case, which would have been detrimental to the protection given to him.
He expresses some disdain for the Tachikoma tanks, not to mention Batou's penchant for favoring one of the blue tanks. He dismissively refers to one of them as "just a machine", prompting outrage from the Tachikomas in the Section 9 hangar, with one calling him a bigot and another demanding a retraction of the statement. The contentious relationship continues in "Second Gig," when Togusa and a Tachikoma go on a mission to abandoned Tokyo and the goofy little tank serves to mostly get under his skin (before saving it). But despite his dislike for the sentient machines, he is not above spending leisure time with them; he is seen playing "Othello" with one (although the Tachikoma thought they were playing 'Go' and attempts a critical stone capture, exclaiming "Checkmate", to which an exasperated Togusa replies "That's a completely different game!") near the end of an episode.
"Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. Solid State Society".
In this feature film set in the "S.A.C." universe, Major Kusanagi has left Section 9 and Togusa is now the head of field operations. Section 9 has grown considerably in this film, with a staff of more than 20. He has replaced his revolver for a Seburo M-10 pistol, although he carries his revolver on a back holster and his pistol on a shoulder holster. He has also undergone some form of cyberization (though what was cyberized was not mentioned), and he has informed his family of his work in Section 9. His cyberbrain was hacked while he was trying to get his daughter to safety. To stop his body from taking his daughter to the S.S.S., he was forced to attempt suicide with his revolver, but was stopped by the Major. He later on took part in the raid of the Solid State Society in their headquarters. He took out one exoskeleton and then acted as the bodyguard for Aramaki. It is shown that because he is now the field leader of Section 9, he is unable to spend time with his family as much as he used to, reflecting the common problem in Japan of disconnection between a salaryman and their families. Togusa has discussed undergoing full cyberization with his family, in order to enhance his abilities for Section 9.
Design.
According to character designer Hajime Shimomura, he did the designs of Togusa based on him being the "gentle lion". In addition, Shimomura mentions that he was hard to do since his appearance in the manga looks deformed.

</doc>
<doc id="2896216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896216" title="2007 Rugby World Cup – Asia qualification">
2007 Rugby World Cup – Asia qualification

In qualification for the 2007 Rugby World Cup, thirteen Asian Rugby Football Union (ARFU) nations compete for one full place, and one repechage place (Repechage 2, against Oceania 3). No Asian teams qualified for the quarter finals in 2003, so none qualify automatically in 2007. Only Japan has been to the World Cup, participating in all five RWCs to date, with only one win in 1991 (England) against Zimbabwe, 52-8. Asia 1 will go into Group B with Australia, Wales, Fiji and Canada.
Qualification process.
Initial pools were based on results from 2003-04 ARFU Rugby Union Series as given below, and was part of 2005 ARFU Asian Rugby Series
Thus initial division allocations for 2005 were:
Division 1: , , .
Division 2: , , Arabian Gulf.
Division 3A: , , .
Division 3B: , , , .
Round 1a.
Division 1 play off for placings, all three teams going into Round 2, along with the winner and runner up of Division 2. The winners of Divisions 3A and 3B go into Round 1b.
Round 1b.
The winners of Divisions 3A and 3B playoff (home and away) for the final place in Round 2.
Round 2.
The round was part of 2006 ARFU Asian Rugby Series (first and second divion).
The top two teams from Division 1 and the winner of Division 2 form the new Division 1 (2006). Third place from Division 1, the runner up of Division 2, and the playoff winner from Round 1b form the new Division 2 (2006). The winner and runner up of Division 1 (2006), and the winner of Division 2 (2006), go through to Round 3.
Round 3.
The three qualifiers from the previous round form a new Division 1. The winner goes to World Cup 2007 as Asia 1. The runner up plays off against Oceania 3 for Repechage 2.
Round 1a – 2005.
"Home OR Away basis."
Pool A (Division 1 2005).
All three teams go through to Round 2 - the winner and runner up into Division 1 (2006), third place into Division 2 (2006).
Final Standings
Pool B (Division 2 2005).
"The top two teams go through to Round 2, the winner (Arabian Gulf) into Division 1 (2006), the runner up (China) into Division 2 (2006). "
Division 3 Pool A (2005).
"Sri Lanka qualifies for home and away playoff (Round 1b) against winner of Division 3 Pool B (Kazakhstan)."
Division 3 Pool B (2005).
"Kazakhstan qualifies for home and away playoff (Round 1b) against winner Division 3 Pool A (Sri Lanka)."
Round 2 – April – May 2006.
"Home OR Away basis. Top two teams from Division 1 of 2006 ARFU Asian Rugby Series (Japan, Korea) and top team from Division 2 (Hong Kong) go through to round 3."
Round 3 – 18–25 November 2006, Hong Kong.
"All games in Hong Kong. Winner (Japan) qualifies directly to RWC 2007 as Asia 1. Runner up (Korea) advances to Repechage round as Asia 2, to play Tonga for Repechage 2."
"The series was originally scheduled to be played in Sri Lanka. However, security considerations prompted the series to be moved to Hong Kong." 

</doc>
<doc id="2896218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896218" title="Speckle">
Speckle

__NOTOC__
A speckle is a small spot or speck on the skin, plumage or foliage.
Speckle, speckles or speckled may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2896219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896219" title="William Henry Crane">
William Henry Crane

William Henry Crane (30 April 1845 – 7 March 1928) was an American actor. 
Biography.
He was born in Leicester, Massachusetts on 30 April 1845.
He made his first appearance at Utica, New York, in Donizetti's "The Daughter of the Regiment" in 1863. Later he had a great success as Le Blanc the Notary, in the burlesque "Evangelie" (1873). He made his first hit in the legitimate drama with Stuart Robson (1836–1903), in "The Comedy of Errors" and other Shakespearian plays, and in "The Henrietta" (1881) by Bronson Howard (1842–1908). This partnership lasted for twelve years, and subsequently Crane appeared in various eccentric character parts in such plays as "The Senator" and "David Harum". 
In 1904 he turned to more serious work and played Isidore Izard in "Business is business", an adaptation from Octave Mirbeau's "Les Affaires sont les Affaires".
In his 70s, Crane appeared in a number of films, notably in a reprise of his role in "David Harum" (1915). He also appeared in MGM's "Three Wise Fools", a film recently revived on Turner Classic Movies and is available on home video/DVD.
Crane died on 7 March 1928 at the age of eighty-two in the Hotel Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="2896225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896225" title="Donovan Pagon">
Donovan Pagon

Donovan Jomo Pagon (born September 13, 1982 in Kingston) is a West Indian cricketer. Pagon made his Test debut in March 2005 after several high-profile players including Brian Lara and Chris Gayle were caught in a row over sponsorship.
Pagon achieved a 35 on his debut, and currently averages around 30. He has a good awareness of protecting his off stump but due to this tends to get stuck on his crease in important situations.

</doc>
<doc id="2896226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896226" title="Pomona, Queensland">
Pomona, Queensland

Pomona is a town located at the base of Mount Cooroora at the northern end of the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia. The town was originally called Pinbarren Siding and was renamed Pomona in 1906, after the Roman goddess of fruit and orchards. Pomona is 140 kilometres north of Brisbane, and approximately 30 minutes driving time from Noosa Heads. It is within the local government area of Shire of Noosa (between 2008 and 2013 it was within Sunshine Coast Region).
History.
Now a heritage and lifestyle town and formally declared the region's "friendliest town" (2004 and 2010), Pomona was first settled by Europeans in the late 1880s, but had been home to the Gubbi Gubbi indigenous peoples for thousands of years before that. Early settlers collected timber from the area. The railway to Pomona was operating in 1891, opening the land to farming.
The town became the administrative centre of the Noosa Shire Council in 1909 until 1 December 1985 when the Council moved to its Tewantin premises. The original headquarters for the Shire were constructed in Pomona in 1911 on a site now used (since 1985) by the Cooroora Historical Society and Noosa Museum. The main street of the town was devastated by fires in 1939 and 1942. Many buildings were re-constructed with brick or in the "Art Deco" architectural style of the era. Colonial buildings are also a feature of the town and can be viewed along a signed historic walk.
The Noosa Trail Network of walking tracks through the surrounding forests, farmlands and villages is popular with visitors, but especially every October when the Great Noosa Trail Walk is held. Visitors may also walk to the top of Mount Cooroora, the solidified lava plug of an ancient volcano worn away over time. Every year, thousands of people cheer 100 runners who race to the top of the mountain and back in under 30 minutes.
The dairy industry in Pomona was replaced by a patchwork of small cropping farms. Some produce edible goods for South-East Asia markets. Local markets are held every second week. The largest employer in Pomona is Pages Furniture Factory. A module home business also provides employment.
Pomona has a town population of about 2,500 and a district population encompassing a further 4,500. It has road and rail links to the inner-Sunshine Coast and Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland.
Heritage listings.
Pomona has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Attractions.
Pomona is notable for three things: a relaxed streetscape of distinctive timber and art deco buildings, the heritage-listed Majestic Theatre and the annual King of the Mountain raceup the nearby, Mount Cooroora. The Majestic, built in 1921, is claimed to be the world's oldest continuously operating silent movie theatre built for that purpose. However, it is not the first theatre in the world in which silent films were screened. The Majestic has been a community-owned enterprise since October 2006. 
Australian musician Darren Hanlon's album "Fingertips and Mountaintops" was entirely recorded in the Majestic Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="2896230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896230" title="Air Gear">
Air Gear

Plot.
A new fad by the name of 'Air Treks' (a futuristic evolution of aggressive skating) has swept the nation's youth and all over gangs are being formed that compete in various events using their A-T's. Ikki is a middle-school boy who is the toughest street-fighting punk on the east side of town, on top of that he lives with 3 gorgeous sisters that took him in when he was a kid. But what Ikki doesn't know is that the girls are part of one of the most infamous A-T gangs, 'Sleeping Forest'. It doesn't take long before Ikki finds out about the world of Air Treks and is propelled into a fate he had not foreseen.
Main characters.
Itsuki "Ikki" Minami
Kazuma "Kazu" Mikura
Onigiri
Issa Mihotoke "Fats Buccha"
Akito/Agito/Lind Wanijima
Media.
Manga.
"Air Gear" was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 2002 to 2012. Chapter 357 concluded the manga. 37 tankōbon have been released in Japan by Shōnen Magazine Comics.
The Air Gear manga was licensed for release in the United States by Del Rey Manga and the first volume was released on July 25, 2006. Subsequent volumes will be released every three months. Kodansha Comics USA is currently publishing the series.
Anime.
ADV Films announced over the October 20, 2006 weekend at Oni-Con, that they had licensed the Air Gear anime for release in the USA; it cost $780,000. Though few of the actual artists and inside creators of Air Gear were actually there. The few that were there included Loa Mitsoyagi (Ikki), Ian Miller (Agito), Jason Remmings (Kazuma), and The ADV representing team. The first volume was released on February 6, 2007. ADV is releasing the uncensored Japanese home video version, rather than the broadcast version. On January 3, 2007, IGN released a special sneak peek of Episode 1 of the English Dub. In 2008, "Air Gear" became one of over 30 ADV titles transferred to Funimation. In Australia and New Zealand, the series is licensed by Madman Entertainment.
Avex released one single and two albums covering all the songs and themes used for the anime adaptation. The opening theme single "Chain" performed by Back-on was released on June 7, 2006 and peak ranked 139th on Oricon singles chart. The two albums "Air Gear original soundtrack: What a Groovy Tricks!!" and "Air Gear original soundtrack 2: Who wants more Groovy Trick!!??" were released on August 23, 2006 and February 28, 2007, respectively.
OVA.
In the 33rd issue of "Weekly Shōnen Magazine", it was announced that a new "Air Gear" original video animation will be released alongside the limited edition of Volume 30 of the manga. Animation studio Satelight animated the OVA instead of Toei with Shinji Ishihara as director, Jun Maekawa as script writer, Osamu Horiuchi as character designer and Stanislas Brunet as mechanical design. Nobuhiko Okamoto plays Ikki, Yukari Fukui plays Kururu, and Haruka Tomatsu plays Ringo.
The first OVA was released on November 17, 2010, the second on March 17, 2011. A third OVA was released on June 17, 2011.
Musical.
"Air Gear" was adapted into a musical called Musical Air Gear, which made its debut on January 7, 2007 and ran until January 21, 2007. The musical is loosely adapted from the manga and all female roles are eliminated from the plot. The cast featured Kenta Kamakari, KENN, and Kenjiro Tsuda reprising their roles from the anime respectively as Ikki, Kazu, and Spitfire with Masaki Kaji (who had also starred with Kenta and KENN in the Prince of Tennis musicals), Run&Gun, etc. as their co-stars. In the musical, team Kogarasumaru opposes team Bacchus, whose names all come from works of Shakespeare. (Romeo, Juliet, Hamlet, Macbeth and Puck).
Due to the success and popularity of the musical's first run, the musical had a rerun in May 2007 titled, with the entire cast, except for Kenta Kamakari due to illness, reprising their roles. Kamiyama Ryuji (originally Romeo) replaced Kamakari Kenta, subsequently Yonehara Kousuke (originally Hamlet) took over the role of Romeo and a new actor was brought in to play Hamlet.
Also, a grayed out 'movie' button on the TV Tokyo Japanese Air Gear website indicates that an Air Gear movie may be in the works.
During April 2010, there was a third run of the musical, this time titled "Musical Air Gear vs. Bacchus Top Gear Remix. "Many cast members reprised their roles, Kenta Kamakari returning as Ikki. Remarkably, Agito's actor was replaced by a younger actor and the original actor now played the part of Juliet. Also, the role of spitfire was replaced by Aeion Clock.
Reception.
Both the anime and manga have gained a lot of popularity, both in the east and the west and now has quite a large fan base. BlogCritics said "It mixes this action and comedy quite well with a storyline that doesn't fail to leave a reader wanting more." The anime has often been criticized for not remaining true to the manga, and skipping parts, but is praised for its soundtrack. The English dub has received positive reviews since its release. AnimeOnDVD said "The concept of the show is one that is pure anime though and something that visually can be done very well".

</doc>
<doc id="2896235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896235" title="Chizhou">
Chizhou

Chizhou () is a prefecture-level city in Anhui province, People's Republic of China. It borders Anqing to the northwest, Tongling and Wuhu to the northeast, Xuancheng to the east, Huangshan to the southeast, and the province of Jiangxi to the southwest.
Mount Jiuhua (Jǐuhuáshān), located in Qingyang county, is one of the four sacred mountains of Chinese Buddhism.
Administration.
The prefecture-level city of Chizhou administers four county-level divisions, including one district and three counties.
Transport.
Chizhou is served by the Tongling–Jiujiang Railway.Chizhou Jiuhuashan Airport was opened in August 2013, severing Tongling and Mount Jiuhua.

</doc>
<doc id="2896236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896236" title="Redemptoris Mater (seminary)">
Redemptoris Mater (seminary)

Redemptoris Mater () is the name for certain Roman Catholic seminaries which operate under the auspices of the Neocatechumenal Way and claim as their mission the formation of priests for the "New Evangelization". These seminaries are distributed worldwide, with nearly 1,500 seminarians currently in formation. More than 1,200 graduates of "Redemptoris Mater" seminaries have been ordained to the priesthood for their respective dioceses of incardination.
History and development.
"Redemptoris Mater" seminaries are promoted as a fruit of the Second Vatican Council, as well as a product of the initiative of Pope John Paul II. The Second Vatican Council's decree on the ministry and life of priests, "Presbyterorum ordinis", says:
Let priests remember, therefore, that the care of all churches must be their intimate concern. Hence, priests of such dioceses rich in vocations should show themselves willing and ready, with the permission of their own ordinaries, to volunteer for work in other regions, missions or endeavors which are poor in numbers of clergy. ... To accomplish this purpose there should be set up international seminaries ... by means of which, according to their particular statutes and always saving the right of bishops, priests may be trained and incardinated for the good of the whole Church.
This idea was praised by Cardinal Pio Laghi, then Prefect of the Congregation for Catholic Education, who said:
The decree "Presbyterorum Ordinis" (n. 10) considers that to resolve the problem of the great shortage of priests in certain regions, "it is appropriate also to institute international seminaries". This idea has found application in the "Redemptoris Mater" seminaries which prepare diocesan priests for the new evangelization according to the programme of the Neo-Catechumenal Way.
The first of these seminaries was started in Rome in 1988. It was canonically erected by Cardinal Ugo Poletti, who was at that time the Vicar of the Holy Father in Rome.
Characteristics.
"Redemptoris Mater" seminaries are diocesan seminaries, erected according to canon law by the diocesan bishop, and the students who undergo formation at these seminaries are ordained to the secular clergy of the diocese. The specific characteristics of "Redemptoris Mater" seminaries are:
Although the students receive the same theological formation as the other seminarians of the diocese, they go in mission for about two years during formation. After ordination, the Ordinary of their diocese may appoint them to a parish or for any other service in the diocese; he may also send them to serve in other dioceses of the world where bishops have asked for help. In the latter case, the ordinary and the requesting bishop would formalise their agreement according to canon law.
These seminaries have a direct relationship to the Neocatechumenal Way, which sees its formation as fostering an "adult faith": the Neocatechumenal Way prepares and awakens its vocations in many young people before they enter the seminary. It accompanies them during their time of formation; once ordained as priests it continues to sustain them in their permanent formation, which then becomes a means of evangelization for the "far away", an instrument for the "implantatio ecclesiae".
Worldwide locations.
In 2013, with seven new seminaries opened, the number Redemptoris Mater seminaries worldwide rose to a hundred.
In Africa:
In Asia: 
In Europe: 
In North America: 
In Oceania:
In South America: 
Football tournaments.
In 2007, 2009 and again in 2010, a Redemptoris Mater seminarian team won first place in the Clericus Cup football tournament. In the year 2008 they won second place.

</doc>
<doc id="2896241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896241" title="Erica, Victoria">
Erica, Victoria

Erica is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Rawson Road, in the Shire of Baw Baw.
The area was generally known as Upper Moondarra in the early 1900s, the township of Erica beginning to grow after construction of the railway line from Moe to Walhalla, which passed through the area. When the station opened in 1910 it was named Harris, but had been renamed Erica after a nearby mountain by 1914. As a consequence, the Post Office opened on 14 July 1910 as Upper Moondarra and was renamed Erica in 1914.
The township of Erica lived mainly from forestry and agriculture, and owing to Walhalla's decline by the 1920s was the largest town on the Moe-Walhalla railway. The section of line past Erica closed to traffic in 1944, save for occasional goods services to Platina station, and the line from Moe to Erica closed completely in 1954.
Erica still maintains agricultural and timber industry connections, as well as being a service town for local tourist destinations such as the Thomson Dam, the Walhalla Goldfields Railway, Mount Baw Baw and Mount St Gwinear.
At the 2011 census, Erica and the surrounding area had a population of 324. The newer town of Rawson is located a few kilometers away.

</doc>
<doc id="2896242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896242" title="Massacre (experimental band)">
Massacre (experimental band)

Massacre was originally founded in 1980 in New York City by guitarist Fred Frith, bassist Bill Laswell and drummer Fred Maher as an improvising and experimental rock band. They performed live for just over a year and recorded a studio album, "Killing Time" (1981). Frith and Laswell reformed Massacre in 1998 with drummer Charles Hayward, and released three more albums, "Funny Valentine" (1998), "Meltdown" (2001) and "Lonely Heart" (2007). The last album was recorded live at two European festivals in 2003.
The BBC described Massacre as "an unholy union of The Shadows, Captain Beefheart, Derek Bailey and Funkadelic".
History.
Guitarist Fred Frith, who was a co-founder of the English avant-rock group Henry Cow, moved to New York City in 1979 after Henry Cow split up. There he met and began performing with bassist Bill Laswell and drummer Fred Maher, both of the jazz ensemble Material. In 1980, when Peter Blegvad was looking for an opening band for his Valentine’s day concert at Soundscape in New York, Frith volunteered and invited Laswell and Maher to join him as a power trio they called Massacre. The band was well received and soon began performing at venues all over New York City.
Massacre was a high-energy experimental rock band, manipulating rhythm and timbre freely. They intended to recapture the raw energy of early rock and roll, adding elements of improvisational jazz. Frith told "Down Beat" magazine in 1982 (after Massacre had split up):
Their live sets consisted of both composed and improvised numbers, often short but always loud. They toured the United States and Europe in 1980 and 1981, and their performances at progressive rock venues in France were well received.
In 1981 Massacre released their only album "Killing Time", comprising studio recordings made at Martin Bisi's studio in Brooklyn, New York City in June 1981, and live recordings from their Paris concerts in April 1981. They also featured on part of Frith's 1981 solo album "Speechless". Massacre's farewell performances took place at Manhattan's Inroads performance space over the course of a July 4 weekend in 1981 (July 2–4), after which Maher left and the band split up.
In 1983 what was left of Massacre joined The Golden Palominos, founded by drummer Anton Fier. The closest thing to another Massacre performance came at a concert, "Two Against One", in Boston in February 1985, when The Golden Palominos performed with only three members: Frith, Laswell and Fier on drums. They played as if they were Massacre, including a number of pieces from "Killing Time" in their set. This unit also played in Tokyo around the same time.
Massacre reformed in 1998 when Frith and Laswell asked This Heat's drummer Charles Hayward to join them. The new line-up released "Funny Valentine" (1998), culled from studio improvisations, and two live albums, "Meltdown" (2001), a largely unedited concert recorded at Robert Wyatt's 2001 Meltdown Festival in London in June 2001, and "Lonely Heart" (2007), arranged from live recordings made in 2003, mainly at the Roskilde Festival, "framed" (according to Frith) by an intro and outro taken from a performance in Vitry sur Seine near Paris. All three albums were released on John Zorn's Tzadik label.
Discography.
In 1993 RecRec Music reissued "Killing Time" on CD with six extra tracks (one of them coming from Frith's "Speechless" album).
In 2005 Fred Frith released a remastered version of "Killing Time" on CD on his own label, Fred Records with the six extra tracks from the RecRec reissue, plus two previously unreleased tracks, "Third Street" and "F.B.I." (live Paris 1981). This edition includes the following note: "In contrast to previous CD and LP versions, the "Killing Time" LP cuts are heard here as originally intended, at the correct speed and pitch and without added reverb."

</doc>
<doc id="2896255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896255" title="Windows Media Center">
Windows Media Center

Windows Media Center is a digital video recorder and media player developed by Microsoft. It is an application that allows users to view and record live television, as well as organize and play music and videos. The application is included in various versions of Windows XP Media Center Edition, Windows Vista Home Premium and Ultimate, and all editions of Windows 7 except for Starter and Home Basic. It is also available for Windows 8 Pro as an add-on.
Media Center can play slideshows, videos and music from local hard drives, optical drives and network locations. Users can stream television programs and films through selected services such as Netflix. Content can be played back on computer monitors or on television sets through the use of devices called Windows Media Center Extenders.
It is possible to watch and pause live TV. Up to six TV tuners on single, dual, quad or six-tuner cards are supported simultaneously. Both standard and high-definition unencrypted video are supported through DVB-T and ATSC standards. It is possible to view encrypted private network television stations that are not broadcast over the air with internal and external tuner options that support the insertion of a CableCard provided by the cable TV company. Many brands of tuner cards allow connection of TV antennas to the RF connector on a PCI or PCIe expansion card with Windows Media Center functionality.
History.
Originally codenamed "Freestyle" during development, Windows Media Center was first included with a special edition of Windows XP called Windows XP Media Center Edition. A new version of Windows Media Center was included in Windows Vista Home Premium and Ultimate editions. The user interface was redesigned and tailored for the aspect ratio. Support for multiple tuners was added in later releases and varies depending upon the version of the operating system purchased. Support for many Windows Media Center Extender hardware devices, that had been released pre-Vista, was also dropped leaving many owners out of luck if they did not upgrade to one of the supported Windows Vista versions from the Windows XP Media Center Edition. Also introduced to U.S. users was Internet TV, which allows access to streaming content through the Media Center interface also allows video game content. 
Microsoft later updated Windows Vista Media Center with a feature pack known as TV Pack 2008. This release, which was previously codenamed "Fiji" was only made available via OEMs for new computers that came preinstalled with the update. It is not available as an update for existing Windows Vista Media Center users. The update tweaked the user interface, replaced the .dvr-ms filetype with .wtv files, added support for digital subchannels, QAM, as well as increased the total number of each type of tuner allowed, added DVB-S and MHEG. In the beta there was support for H.264 (which allows for DirecTV) streams, however that feature was removed from the release version.
Much of the functionality added with TV Pack 2008 was included with the version of Media Center included in Windows 7, along with an update to the user interface.
In April 2012, Microsoft announced that Media Center would not be included in Windows 8. Instead, it will be part of a Media Center Pack add-on available only for Windows 8 Pro, and a Pro Pack that upgrades the standard edition of Windows 8 to Windows 8 Pro with Media Center.
Features.
Media Center uses TV tuner devices to play back and record TV shows from standard antenna, cable or satellite signals. Users can record television programs manually or schedule recording via the electronic program guide. Recordings can be burned to Video DVD or, barring copy restrictions, be transferred to a portable media player. Media Center supports both analog and digital tuners and allows up to 4 of each tuner type Digital OTA, Clear QAM, Cable Card for a possible total of 16 TV tuners to be configured. All the tuners use the same guide data but it can be edited and configured to include additional channels such as Clear QAM not found or included in most Titan Guides. While watching live television, the program keeps a buffer that allows users to rewind or pause live TV, allowing users to skip commercials. (A third party program MCEbuddy allows automatic commercial skipping on recorded programs.)
Media Center can stream live and pre-recorded television to Windows Media Center Extenders such as the Xbox 360 console, but other Windows computers can just access recorded, not live content. Playback of content on television is possible through Media Center Extenders or by directly connecting a computer running Windows Media Center to a television. The menus of Windows Media Center are displayed in a 10-foot user interface suitable for viewing on large screen televisions and can be navigated using various remote controls. Windows Media Center PCs require a sensor to be able to interact with the remote control. The sensor must have Windows Plug and Play device drivers. To advertise Media Center support, remote controls must also have certain buttons such as the Green Media Center logo Start button and buttons for navigation, playback and volume controls, power and channel flipping.
Media file support.
Windows Media Center organizes and displays videos and music found on both local and networked computers. Music albums are arranged with accompanying album art that can be downloaded off the Internet automatically or added manually into Media Center. Users can create playlists of different songs or albums as well. While playing music, the user can pause and fast forward songs and view visualizations. Analog FM radio support is also available if the user's TV tuner supports it.
Media Center allows users to browse pictures and play them in slideshows, as well as play video files. Media can be categorized by name, date, tags, and other file attributes. In addition, users can organize and play films through the "Movie Library" feature introduced in Windows Vista Media Center. Through the "Internet TV" feature, users can also stream television and web shows from select content providers.
CableCard support.
Windows Vista Media Center introduced support for CableCard devices. However, CableCard was only supported on OEM hardware that had been certified by CableLabs. Windows 7 Media Center supports adding CableCard to existing hardware, provided the hardware meets certain requirements. Shortly after the release of Windows 7, Microsoft released the Digital Cable Advisor tool to verify that the requirements are met before activating CableCard support.
Portable devices.
Windows Media Center allows synchronization with certain portable devices. These devices include Windows Mobile Pocket PCs, smartphones, Portable Media Centers and other players that can sync with Windows Media Player. Microsoft's Zune cannot use the sync function, but can play Media Center recorder TV files when they are copied to a Zune monitored folder.
While synchronizing television shows, Windows Media Center encodes the shows using Windows Media Encoder to a Windows Media Video format at a lower quality than the original format used for viewing on the desktop media center. This is to complement the limited storage space and processing power of such portable devices. Optionally, music can also be re-encoded to a smaller file size upon synchronization.
Application development.
Windows Media Center was designed as a programmable platform; other programs can tie into the Media Center UI using the WMC API, which is provided as a managed API. The functionality of Windows Media Center can be extended by three different types of applications:

</doc>
<doc id="2896256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896256" title="William John Little">
William John Little

William John Little (1810–1894) was an English surgeon who is credited with the first medical identification of spastic diplegia, when he observed it in the 1860s amongst children. While spasticity surely existed before that point, Little was the first person to medically record the condition in writing. Thus, for many years, spastic diplegia was known as "Little's Disease"; only later did the name change. Also, Little founded the Royal Orthopaedic Hospital of London. 
Little did not have any spasticity himself, but he suffered childhood poliomyelitis with residual left lower-extremity paraparesis, complicated by severe talipes. This undoubtedly sparked his special interest in lower-extremity mobility impairments, as well as his medical-orthopedic inclinations more generally. As a youth he was an apothecary's apprentice, surrendering his indentures at the age of 18 and entering medical school at the London Hospital. He was admitted to the Royal College of Surgeons in 1832. 
Little is also known for his doctoral dissertation in 1837 on tenotomy, the first monograph on the subject ever published, and Little became the known source of this operation, intended for the correction of skeletal deformity secondary to neuromuscular disorders.
Little later travelled to Germany to study the technique of subcutaneous tenotomy with its originator, Louis Stromeyer, who subsequently corrected Little's deformed foot by this method. Among his many publications was "On the Deformities of the Human Frame" (1853) in which he first described pseudo-hypertrophic muscular dystrophy, preceding Guillaume Duchenne's paper on the same condition by eight years. 
The techniques originated by Stromeyer and applied by Little are used today in the surgical management of quite a few neuromuscular conditions today, although obviously in modern times they are quite a bit more advanced due to technological progress and improvements in surgical concepts and methods. Little was one of the first to bridge the gap between neurology and orthopaedics, and his important work continues to impact both of these fields, including the fact of continually-increasing cooperation between orthopaedic surgeons and neurosurgeons in today's management of spastic cerebral palsy and similar neuromuscular disabilities.
Source.
Historical Vignette #9. Little big man: the life and genius of William John Little (1810-1894). "Orthopedic Review" 1988; Nov. 17 (11):1156, pp. 1161–6.

</doc>
<doc id="2896260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896260" title="JRTC">
JRTC

JRTC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2896261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896261" title="Preventive detention">
Preventive detention

Preventive detention is an imprisonment that is putatively justified for non-punitive purposes.
A related, but different form of detention is detention of suspects. In contrast to preventive detention, detention of suspects must quickly be followed by a criminal charge (or happen after the charge).
In most jurisdictions, people suffering from serious mental illness may be subject to involuntary commitment under mental health legislation. This is undertaken on health grounds or in order to protect the person or others. It does not strictly speaking constitute a form of preventive detention, because the person is detained for treatment and released once this has proved effective.
Specific jurisdictions.
Australia.
Australian laws authorize preventive detention in a variety of circumstances. For example, asylum seekers who arrive in Australian water or territory are detained in immigration detention until their status as an asylum seeker is established.
Canada.
In Canada, anyone declared a dangerous offender by the courts is subject to an indefinite period of detention
Costa Rica.
The Republic of Costa Rica, where the 1998 Criminal Proceedings Code allows for a normal "preventive" imprisonment of 12 months if the person is considered a "flight risk", but if the case is declared "complex", it can be increased to up to three years and a half of imprisonment without conviction, or even more in some cases. In fact, in Costa Rica, as of 2006, over 4,000 people were serving terms of preventive detention.
Denmark.
The police can detain people for 6 hours without involving the courts or pay compensation for wrongful arrest. In relation to the ongoing gang war in Copenhagen between the biker gangs and second generation youth gangs it has been suggested to extend the 6 hour limit to several weeks. Before the Copenhagen Climate Council a new set of emergency laws was introduced allowing the police to detain people for up to 12 hours without charging them for a crime. Critics fear that they will remain as permanent laws when the summit is over.
Germany.
Sicherungsverwahrung.
In Germany, "preventive detention" (German: "Sicherungsverwahrung", §66 Strafgesetzbuch) has a similar meaning to that in New Zealand. Sicherungsverwahrung can only be imposed as part of a criminal sentence, and it is handed down to individuals who have committed a grave offence and are considered a danger to public safety. It is an indeterminate sentence that follows a regular jail sentence. To assure the suitability of the preventive detention, it has to be reviewed every two years to determine the ongoing threat posed by the individual. Preventive detention is typically served in regular prisons, though separated from regular prisoners and with certain privileges.
Controversy over imposition after sentencing.
The Sicherungsverwahrung is usually imposed in the original verdict, but can be imposed later under certain circumstances. This practice of subsequent incapacitation orders was ruled a violation of Art 7 of the European Convention on Human Rights by the European Court of Human Rights. Subsequently a huge discussion in Germany over the handling of this verdict occurred. In reaction to this the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany issued a verdict on Sicherungsverwahrung in May 2011, deeming it unconstitutional.
India.
In India, preventive detention can be extended for only six months. After three months, such a case is brought before an advisory board for review. 
The controversial "Maintenance of Internal Security Act" was enacted by Indian parliament during Indira Gandhi prime ministership in 1971, however it was amended several times during national emergency (1975-1977), lead to human right violations. It was subsequently repealed after Indira Gandhi lost the election in 1977, and the new government took over.
Malaysia.
In Malaysia the Internal Security Act 1960 or ISA (Malay: Akta Keselamatan Dalam Negeri) is a preventive detention law in force. The legislation was enacted after Malaysia gained independence from Britain in 1957. The ISA allows for detention without trial or criminal charges under limited, legally defined circumstances. The ISA is invoked against terrorism activity and against anyone deemed a threat to National security. On 15 September 2011, the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Najib Razak said that this legislation will be repealed and replaced by two new laws. The ISA would only be repealed in March 2012.
On 17 April 2012, a new law known as the Security Offences (Special Measures) Act 2012 (SOSMA) was approved by the Malaysian Parliament as a replacement for the ISA. It was given the Royal Assent on 18 June 2012 and gazetted on 22 June 2012. 
New Zealand.
In New Zealand, "preventive detention" is an indeterminate life sentence, and is handed down to individuals convicted of violent and/or sexual crimes (such as sociopathic murderers, serial rapists or recidivist pedophiles) where it is likely that the offender will reoffend if released. Such individuals will only receive parole if they can demonstrate they no longer pose a threat to the community. In October 2010, a total of 269 prisoners in New Zealand were serving terms of preventive detention.
Preventive detention has a minimum non-parole period of five years in prison, but the sentencing judge can extend this if they believe that the prisoner's history warrants it. Prisoners on preventive detention are very rarely, if ever, released, and generally persons given the sentence are kept in prison for life. Currently only 16 of the 269 persons serving sentences of preventive detention are on parole.
The longest non-parole period on a sentence of preventive detention is one of 30 years, being served by William Bell, in 2003, he was sentenced to a minimum non-parole period of 33 years for killing three people in Auckland in December 2001.The sentence was later reduced to 30 years.
In 2002, Bruce Thomas Howse was sentenced to life with a 28-year non-parole period for the murders of his two stepdaughters in Masterton on December 4, 2001.
Currently, New Zealand's longest serving inmate, Alfred Thomas Vincent, who became eligible for parole in 1975, is still serving a sentence of preventive detention after 43 years.
United Kingdom.
England and Wales used to have provisions, introduced by the Labour Government in 2003, to deal with dangerous offenders similar to what is used in Canada. However, the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012 abolished what was called Imprisonment for Public Protection (IPP) without replacement, although offences committed prior to the coming into force of the 2012 Act may still trigger IPP.
United States.
In the United States, the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution guarantees the right to "a speedy and public trial". Thus, arrested persons may not be held for extended periods of time without trial. Convicted persons can be held indefinitely 
as a Dangerous Offender. Furthermore, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) of 2012 affirmed the authority of the military to indefinitely detain civilians, including US citizens, without trial.

</doc>
<doc id="2896262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896262" title="Marr &amp; Holman">
Marr &amp; Holman

Marr & Holman was an architectural firm in Nashville, Tennessee known for their traditional design. Notable buildings include the Nashville Post Office, now known as the Frist Center for the Visual Arts and the Milliken Memorial Community House in Elkton, Kentucky.
The firm was formed in 1913 with Joseph Holman (born 1866) and Thomas Marr as principals.
A number of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works, all located in Tennessee, include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="2896264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896264" title="Alegría-Dulantzi">
Alegría-Dulantzi

Alegría-Dulantzi (, ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.
The municipality is located some 14 km from the provincial capital, Vitoria. It has an area of 19.95 km², and a population (2004) of some 1,919 inhabitants.
Alegría-Dulantzi municipality is divided into two sub-areas, or communes ("concejos" or "kontzejuak"). By far the larger of the two is the municipal centre and township of Alegría-Dulantzi itself, which accounts for some 95% of the municipality's population. The municipality also controls a small exclave located to the southeast, called Egileta, which is surrounded by a neighbouring municipality.
The Battle of Alegría de Álava took place here in 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="2896269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896269" title="KTKB-FM">
KTKB-FM

KTKB-FM, (101.9 FM) branded as Megamixx 101.9, is the first Filipino format station in the United States territory of Guam. 
History.
It was built in late 2002 by Rolly Manuntag—working for its owners from Skokie, Illinois—and officially opened on June 2, 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="2896274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896274" title="Amurrio">
Amurrio

Amurrio is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896275" title="Andollu">
Andollu

Andollu is a town in Vitoria-Gasteiz, located in the province of Álava, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896277" title="Porta Maggiore">
Porta Maggiore

The Porta Maggiore ("Larger Gate"), or Porta Prenestina, is one of the eastern gates in the ancient but well-preserved 3rd-century Aurelian Walls of Rome.
Through the gate ran two ancient roads: the Via Praenestina and the Via Labicana. The Via Prenestina was the eastern road to the ancient town of Praeneste (modern Palestrina). The Via Labicana (now called the "Via Casilina") heads southeast from the city.
The gate.
The Porta Maggiore is by far the best urban site to visit for an understanding and view of the ancient aqueducts. It is a monumental double archway built of white travertine (a type of limestone). It was first known as the Porta Prenestina, perhaps a reference to the road over which is passes (the Via Praenestina). The "gate," built in 52 AD by the emperor Claudius, was originally intended to provide a decorative section of support for two aqueducts, the Aqua Claudia and the Anio Novus. At that time these aqueducts crossed the ancient Via Labicana and Praenestina roads thereby providing the opportunity to create at this location a sort of triumphal arch to the conquest of nature and its conqueror, the emperor Claudius. The two channels of these aqueducts, (the Aqua Claudia and Aqua Anio Novus), one lying on top of the other, can be seen when viewing the cross-section running through the travertine attic at the top of the gate.
The gate was incorporated in the Aurelian Wall in 271 by the emperor Aurelian thus truly turning it into an entrance (gate) to the city. Experts refer to this as an early example of “architectural recycling,” essentially adapting one existing structure, to another use. In this case using an aqueduct as a wall.
It was modified further when the emperor Honorius augmented the walls in 405. The foundations of a guardhouse added by Honorius are still visible, while the upper part of the gate, as built by Honorius, has been moved to the left side of the Porta.
It is currently known as the Porta Maggiore, possibly designated as such because of the road that runs through the gate leads to the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore. The church is an important place of prayer dedicated to the Virgin Mary.
The following inscriptions in praise of the emperors Claudius, Vespasian, and Titus for their work on the aqueducts are prominently displayed on the attic of the Porta Maggiore:
TI. CLAUDIUS DRUSI F. CAISAR AUGUSTUS GERMANICUS PONTIF. MAXIM., / TRIBUNICIA POTESTATE XII, COS. V, IMPERATOR XXVII, PATER PATRIAE, / AQUAS CLAUDIAM EX FONTIBUS, QUI VOCABANTUR CAERULEUS ET CURTIUS A MILLIARIO XXXXV, / ITEM ANIENEM NOVAM A MILLIARIO LXII SUA IMPENSA IN URBEM PERDUCENDAS CURAVIT.
IMP. CAESAR VESPASIANUS AUGUST. PONTIF. MAX. TRIB. POT. II IMP. VI COS. III DESIG. IIII P. P. / AQUAS CURTIAM ET CAERULEAM PERDUCTAS A DIVO CLAUDIO ET POSTEA INTERMISSAS DILAPSASQUE / PER ANNOS NOVEM SUA IMPENSA URBI RESTITUIT.
IMP. T. CAESAR DIVI F. VESPASIANUS AUGUSTUS PONTIFEX MAXIMUS TRIBUNIC. / POTESTATE X IMPERATOR XVII PATER PATRIAE CENSOR COS. VIII / AQUAS CURTIAM ET CAERULEAM PERDUCTAS A DIVO CLAUDIO ET POSTEA / A DIVO VESPASIANO PATRE SUO URBI RESTITUTAS CUM A CAPITE AQUARUM A SOLO VETUSTATE DILAPSAE ESSENT NOVA FORMA REDUCENDAS SUA IMPENSA CURAVIT.
Nearby archaeological remains.
Close by the gate, just outside the wall, is the unusual Tomb of the Baker, built by Marcus Virgilius Eurysaces.
In 1915, a subterranean Neopythagorean basilica was discovered nearby on the Via Praenestina, dating from the 1st century. The groundplan shows three naves and an apse, a design similar to that which began to be adopted in Christian basilicas during the 4th century. The vaults are decorated with white stuccoes symbolizing Neopythagorean beliefs, although the precise meaning of elements of the decoration remains a subject of debate.

</doc>
<doc id="2896278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896278" title="Dominique Chaboche">
Dominique Chaboche

Dominique Chaboche (12 May 1937, Paris – 16 November 2005) was a French far-right wing politician and member of the European Parliament affiliated to the "Front National".
He succeeded to Alain Robert as general secretary of the National Front ("Front national") in October 1973. In 1976 he became vice-president of the FN, and was elected European deputy in 1984, and deputy at the National Assembly between 1986 and 1988.
From 1986 to 2005, he was president of the National Front group at the regional council of Haute-Normandie.
Chaboche was a specialist of international contact with foreign far-right movements, especially in Russia and the Balkans.
He can be seen in the documentary "White Terror" encouraging Russian Nazi-Skinheads.

</doc>
<doc id="2896279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896279" title="Antoñana">
Antoñana

Antoñana is a town located in the Campezo/Kanpezu municipality, Álava (Araba) Province, in the Basque Country autonomous community, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896282" title="Resilin">
Resilin

Resilin is an elastomeric protein found in many insects. It is part of what enables insects of many species to jump
or pivot their wings efficiently. It was first discovered by Torkel Weis-Fogh in locust wing-hinges.
Resilin is currently the most efficient elastic protein known (Elvin et al., 2005). The elastic efficiency of the resilin isolated from locust tendon has been reported to be 97% (only 3% of stored energy is lost as heat). It does not have any regular structure but its randomly coiled chains are crosslinked by di- and tri-tyrosine links at the right spacing to confer the elasticity needed to propel some jumping insects distances up to 150 times their length (as found in fleas). Resilin must last for the lifetime of adult insects and must therefore operate for hundreds of millions of extensions and contractions; its elastic efficiency ensures performance during the insect's lifetime. Resilin exhibits unusual elastomeric behaviour only when swollen in polar solvents such as water.
A recombinant form of the resilin protein of the fly "Drosophila melanogaster", pro-resilin, was synthesized in 2005 by expressing a part of the fly gene in the bacterium "Escherichia coli". It is expected to have many applications in the athletic footwear, medical, microelectronics and other industries.

</doc>
<doc id="2896283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896283" title="Añana">
Añana

Añana is both a valley and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain, with the main population nucleus being the village of Salinas de Añana. The town is renowned for its old salt flats, which were formed beginning in the Triassic Period. Over 5,000 pans have been built since the Roman times, with exportation of its salt a major business. Now, the area has focused on spa tourism to bring needed income to the area. 

</doc>
<doc id="2896287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896287" title="Apellániz">
Apellániz

Apellániz (Apiñaniz in Basque) is a town located in the municipality of Arraia-Maeztu, in the province of Álava (Araba), in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896294" title="Aramaio">
Aramaio

Aramaio () is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2896297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896297" title="Arlucea-Marquinez">
Arlucea-Marquinez

Arlucea-Marquinez is a town located in the province of Araba, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
