<doc id="2855576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855576" title="Summit Metro Parks">
Summit Metro Parks

Summit Metro Parks is a Metroparks system serving the citizens of Summit County, Ohio by managing in 14 developed parks, six conservation areas and more than of trails.
The park district is fully supported by a levy, which voters are periodically asked to approve. Rangers are commissioned peace officers who provide safety and security by enforcing the park district’s rules, regulations, state, and local laws.
History.
In times of war, people often look for ways to escape the news and demands of the era. During World War I, Americans increasingly looked to parks and natural areas for temporary diversions. Congress responded by creating the National Park Service in 1916, and the Ohio General Assembly made possible the formation of metropolitan park districts the following year.
In July 1917, Cleveland Metroparks became the first metropolitan park district in the State of Ohio. On December 31, 1921, Metro Parks (then called the Akron Metropolitan Park District) became the second park system established under Chapter 1545 of the Ohio Revised Code.
F.A. Seiberling, founder of Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, was named commissioner in 1925.
Progress was slow in the appointment of the first commissioners, perhaps due to the post-war economy. After more than a year, Summit County Probate Judge Lewis D. Slusser finally appointed James Shaw, Maude I. Milar and Charles B. Raymond. The trio’s first meeting was May 15, 1923. The board considered several recreation projects, but things were generally slow-moving until 1925, when Shaw was replaced by Edmund D. Eckroad, chief engineer for the Northern Ohio Traction & Light Company, a predecessor of Ohio Edison, and Raymond was replaced by Frank A. Seiberling, founder of Akron’s Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company.
With new board members in place, famous landscape architects the Olmsted Brothers were asked in May 1925 to create a countywide park plan and identify sites that were suitable for park use. Their famous father, Frederick Law Olmsted, designed major parks throughout the country, most notably New York’s Central Park. The accomplished Olmsted Brothers, John C. and Frederick Jr., worked on parks in Baltimore, Seattle and New York.
In June, as Akron celebrated its centennial, Seiberling publicly accepted the first gift of land – a small, triangular plot on N. Portage Path with 150 feet of frontage at the intersection of Merriman Road. The land, donated by Joseph Courtney of the Courtney Dairy Company, was named Courtney Park. A boulder and bronze plaque were later dedicated by the Daughters of the American Revolution to commemorate the site.
This bronze relief at the intersection of North Portage Path and Merriman Road commemorates the site of Courtney Park.
In 1926, the superintendent of Akron’s city parks, Harold S. Wagner, was appointed the first director-secretary of the young park district. In his formative years, Wagner worked in Boston with the Olmsted Brothers, and later on projects owned by Seiberling. Between the late 1920s and the end of 1930, more than 1,000 acres were donated. Thanks to the generosity of prosperous local land owners, the young park system now included 1,600 acres in five reservations. To fund park projects and land acquisition, voters passed a .10-mill levy in November 1928.
Less than a year after the passage of the levy, the stock market crashed. Losses would reach $15 billion nationwide. Factories closed, banks failed and jobs became increasingly scarce. The Hoover administration took several steps to combat the Great Depression, but instability continued. After the 1932 presidential election, Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal would boost the economy, and the creation of a Civilian Conservation Corps, which put millions of laborers to work nationwide, enabled Metro Parks to launch new parks and complete many projects.
Fast-forward to the present: Today, Metro Parks manages 11,000 acres, including 14 developed parks, six conservation areas and more than 125 miles of trails, with 22.4 miles of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Annual attendance averages 4.5 million visitors.
Parks.
Named for Sherman and Mary Schumacher, who donated 171 acres to Metro Parks in 1968, Schumacher Valley remains one of the most rugged areas within the city of Akron. Located in the valley's pre-glacial bedrock canyon are steep-cut ravines indicative of the Cuyahoga River's tributary streams. A canopy of oak, American beech, sassafras and black cherry provides cover for smaller shrubs. There are herbs and wildflowers, including spring beauty, Jack-in-the-pulpit, rue anemone and jewelweed. Great horned owls, chickadees and six species of woodpecker take cover here.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Schumacher Trail 1.2 miles; Valley Link Trail 2.8 miles), Picnicking
In 1833, hydraulic engineer and entrepreneur Eliakim Crosby built the Cascade Race, a waterway that powered the mills and businesses along the Ohio & Erie Canal. The Cascade Race helped transform Akron into a boomtown. Years later, Crosby built the failed Chuckery Race; traces of it can still be seen in this Metro Park. Today, fish here are prey for belted kingfishers and great blue or green-backed herons. Beautiful white trillium grows in the floodplain woods each spring beside wild ginger and several types of violets. Summer and fall wildflowers also flourish, illuminating the landscape. Several rare and unique natural features can be found within the Chuckery Area. South of the entrance drive, near the intersection of the Chuckery Trail, is a meadow that harbors many unusual plants and several species of showy wildflowers. Just up the hill from the meadow is prairie, where wild lupines bloom about mid-May. Other rare species can be found individually throughout the park, including butternut trees – a species surviving despite the butternut canker disease threatening their range. Less conspicuous, but no less rare, are crinkled hairgrass, satin brome and southern hairy rock cress.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Chuckery Trail 2.4 miles; Highbridge Trail 3.2 miles; Overlook 0.5 miles; Oxbow Trail 1.2 miles), Baseball/Softball, Cross-country Skiing, Fishing, Picnicking, Sledding, Soccer
Here, along the Towpath Trail, the Cascade Locks tell the story of Akron's early industry. The steepest section of the Ohio & Erie Canal was between Akron and the Little Cuyahoga River. In a single mile, 15 locks, or "steps," were necessary to enable boats to climb the Continental Divide. Locks 10 through 16 form the Cascade Locks Area. The two buildings north of the parking lot and adjacent to Lock 15 are some of the oldest structures in Akron. The Mustill House and store, built between 1825 and 1850, served the local community and the people traveling the canal. The area was designated as National Historic District in 1992 and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Present throughout the area are native wildflower species, flowers brought by immigrants from Europe, and weeds carried by man, horse and canal boat. The tree population reflects both invasive plants and native trees that are able to flourish in inner-city conditions. Birds seen in this area include robins, blue jays, sparrows, cardinals and red-tailed hawks.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking, Picnicking
Within Deep Lock Quarry lies Lock 28, which at 17 feet was the deepest lock on the Ohio & Erie Canal, and an old quarry from which blocks of Berea sandstone were cut for the canal locks and other local structures. Ferdinand Schumacher, who is credited with introducing oatmeal to America by supplying it to Union troops during the Civil War, purchased a portion of the quarry in 1879. The sandstone found in the quarry was ideal for mill stones, which were used to remove the outer hulls of oats processed at Akron's American Cereal Works (later Quaker Oats). Stone was last taken from the quarry in the 1930s, when the Civilian Conservation Corps used the sandstone to construct several Metro Parks facilities, including Pioneer Shelter in Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Deep Lock Quarry became a Metro Park in 1934. Today, the park is home to more Ohio buckeye trees than any other Metro Park in Summit County. The old canal bed is home to frogs, turtles and salamanders. A shallow swamp has developed on the quarry floor, where rose pink (an herb) and the invasive narrow-leaved cattail grow.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Buckeye Trail; Cuyahoga Trail 13.1 miles; Quarry Trail 1.2 miles), Fishing, Picnicking
Dairy cows once grazed the hillsides of the area known today as Firestone Metro Park. In 1949, Metro Parks received a gift of 89 acres from the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company. Acquisitions of nearby parcels expanded the park to 258 acres. In 1956, the Ohio Department of Natural Resources completed construction of a nearby dam, intended to create a reservoir for industrial water needs. As the reservoir of the adjacent Firestone Golf Course filled, the water table rose downstream, forming the large wetland and marshy meadows of Firestone Metro Park. Along with the Tuscarawas River and Tuscarawas Race, which once channeled water to the Ohio & Erie Canal, the area is home to fish, crayfish, frogs and turtles. The meadows and forest shelter foxes, coyotes, raccoons, skunks, muskrats, rabbits, mice, voles and moles, along with many beautiful summer and fall wildflowers. More than 175 bird species have been sighted in Firestone Metro Park, including various types of wrens, thrushes, warblers, woodpeckers, herons and ducks. A number of different raptors – including bald eagles – have also been spotted. A note to visitors: Poison sumac is found in the wet areas of Firestone Metro Park. This small tree/shrub contains a powerful skin irritant, similar to that of poison ivy. To avoid it, stay on designated trails.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Redwing Trail 1.1 miles; Walking Course 0.9 miles; Willow Trail 1.6 miles), Cross-country Skiing, Fishing, Picnicking, Sledding
The 890-acre Furnace Run Metro Park began in 1929 when the family of Charles Francis Brush Jr. donated 272 acres to Metro Parks. Much of the park was developed by work relief crews during the 1930s. Brushwood Lake, a once-popular swimming spot before erosion and sedimentation forced its closing in 1956, was created by diverting the natural flow of the Furnace Run. Every March and April, thousands of daffodils bloom along the H.S. Wagner Daffodil Trail. Wagner, the first director of Metro Parks, owned the land off Brush Road and planted the first bulbs along the trail. After he retired in 1958, he sold the property to Metro Parks and the land became part of Furnace Run Metro Park. Today, along the Old Mill trail, be sure to look for the Brush Family marker, which reads: "To all those who love as he loved the far sky and smiling land." Just south of Brushwood Lake flows a recently restored stretch of stream. The award-winning environmental project recreated several thousand feet of habitat for aquatic wildlife and native fish, including a thriving population of rainbow darters, a sensitive species.
The park contains beech-maple woods, acres of spring wildflowers – including trillium and Virginia bluebells – and deep ravines. Birds spotted in Furnace Run Metro Park include a variety of owls, hawks, herons, warblers and waterfowl. Downstream from the lake, the wet woods of sycamores, black walnuts, willows and shrubs welcome an occasional family of beavers. Brushwood Lake is home to fish, frogs and other aquatic wildlife.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Daffodil Trail 0.6 miles; Old Mill Trail 1.0 miles; Rock Creek Trail 1.2 miles), Cross-country Skiing, Fishing, Ice Skating, Picnicking, Sledding
Goodyear Heights Metro Park opened in 1930 after land was donated by Akron's Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and the park district purchased 37 acres from resident Gilbert Waltz. During the Depression, Metro Parks acquired additional acres by paying delinquent taxes on surrounding properties. In the 1950s, the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company donated more land. Thousands of pines and tulip trees were planted in the park. During World War II, Victory Gardens were planted along Newton Street on the former Waltz farm. In 1957, the Charles Goodyear Memorial Pavilion was constructed. It served as the park district's headquarters until 1974, when the offices were moved to Sand Run Metro Park. Today, the pines planted in this 410-acre park are slowly giving way to black cherries, oaks and tuliptrees through natural succession. Elsewhere, beech trees, sugar maples, basswoods, pin oaks, red maples and blackgum trees grow. In the north-central section, acidic soils support sassafras and sarsaparilla, species that were once used in beverage making. Along the edge of Alder Pond, a cattail marsh provides good wildlife habitat. The pond supports sphagnum moss and yellow birch trees, muskrats, nesting Canada geese and mallards. Late spring is a great time to view snapping turtles, some up to 20 pounds, basking in the sun. The park's woods are home to owls and other wildlife.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Alder Trail 1.4 miles, Parcours Trail 1.8 miles, Piney Woods Trail 2.0 miles), Baseball/Softball, Cross-country Skiing, Fishing, Picnicking, Sledding
In 1759, a 12-year-old girl was captured in Pennsylvania by Delaware Indians and reportedly brought to a cave in present-day Gorge Metro Park, where she lived as a child of Chief Netawatwees. Young Mary Campbell, for whom the cave is named, unwittingly became the first white child in what was then the wild frontier of the Western Reserve. Mary later settled with the tribe in a village along the banks of the Cuyahoga River, not far from the cave. She was released in 1764 after a treaty ended the French and Indian War. Thousands of years before Mary's adventures, the Gorge was cut when glacial debris blocked the former route of the Cuyahoga River (near present-day downtown Akron) and caused the river to find a new course. Today, the rushing water flows over a shale riverbed, between ledges made of Sharon conglomerate sandstone. Oak, blackgum, tulip and yellow birch trees are common in the woods that cover the valley walls. This 155-acre Metro Park was made possible in 1930, when the Northern Ohio Traction & Light Company, the predecessor of Ohio Edison, donated 144 acres of land to Metro Parks. Previously, the area hosted a park of a different sort – the High Bridge Glens Amusement Park, which opened in 1882 and featured a thrilling rollercoaster and a dance hall.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Glens Trail 1.8 miles, Gorge Trail 1.8 miles, Highbridge Trail 3.2 miles), Fishing, Ice Skating, Picnicking
In 1964 the City of Akron needed flat land on which to build a water tower. It leased 116 acres of woods and ravines to Metro Parks in exchange for land within Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Three years later, Rhea H. and E. Reginald Adam donated 162 acres of adjacent farm land to Metro Parks, and the 278-acre Hampton Hills Metro Park was born. In 2010, the park district signed a lease for the adjacent Hardy Road landfill, bringing the park to its current size of 655 acres. More than 10,000 years ago, glaciers retreated from Northeast Ohio, carving ravines and valleys. The glacially-formed Adam Run Valley is home to an unusual plant called rush, which lines the banks of the stream. Along the trails, oak, elm, sycamore and black walnut trees provide habitat for a variety of birds and other wildlife. A grove of white pine, planted by Girl Scouts in the late 1960s, offers visitors a cool, scented respite. Today, at the Top O' the World Area, open fields contain milkwort, ironweed, Queen Anne's lace, goldenrods and asters. Bluebird boxes, which are monitored by volunteers, rise above the meadow grasses. Each summer, bluebirds sit perched atop the nest boxes, watching for their insect prey. Other notable bird species include woodcocks, wild turkeys and large birds of prey like red-tailed hawks. The hawks can be seen soaring above the meadows as they hunt for small voles and mice.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Adam Run 3.2 miles, Spring Hollow Trail 1.6 miles), Picnicking, Soccer
Long before Liberty Park was formed, humans in prehistory camped here, drank the clean, cold springs and hunted game. Upon European settlement, trees were cleared for farming, but maples were spared for their sweet sap. Today, the 1,759-acre Liberty Park is a unique partnership between the City of Twinsburg and the park district. The city manages the park's 100-acre recreation area, including the play fields and playground. Metro Parks manages the remaining acreage, including two trails and the Pond Brook Conservation Area. Both areas are open 6 am to sunset. Large trees exist on rock ledges and in wetlands within the conservation area, where fens and bogs are "protected" by poison sumac and swamp rose. Metro Parks has designated this a Low Impact Area, meaning mowing, trails and other park improvements will be kept to a minimum. This protects the various species that live in the area's wetlands and vernal pools. Liberty Park harbors countless rare and endangered species, including Indiana bats, marsh wrens, ospreys and bald eagles. Other creatures seen here include beavers, long-tailed weasels, dragonflies, butterflies, red-backed salamanders, wood frogs and turtles. In July 2006, Audubon Ohio named Liberty Park an Important Bird Area.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Buttonbush Trail 1.6 miles, Sugarbush Trail 0.6 miles), Baseball/Softball, Picnicking, Play Equipment
Before Metro Parks purchased 222 acres from the Renner family in 1978, John Renner owned and operated a swimming park here. In the 1930s, the family built a two-room summer cabin and dug a small fishing lake near the present park entrance. By 1935 they constructed a house and lived here year-round, and they soon realized their lake was popular with swimmers. To discourage visitors, they started charging 10 cents per visit, but this only attracted more people. To accommodate the new business, they created the current 13-acre lake in 1937 and named the place Renner Park. John Renner, an engineer who built many homes in Akron's Goodyear Heights area, also tried raising pigs on the southeast side of the lake. Price restrictions enacted during World War II made his farming venture unprofitable. In 2007, Metro Parks acquired the adjacent 287-acre former County Home property, bringing this park to its current 509 acres. Today, the sandy, acidic soils of Munroe Falls Metro Park permit the growth of flora that is typically uncommon in Summit County. Blueberries, shiny club moss, ground pine and a colony of Ohio haircap moss flourish here. Trees include black gum, sassafras and tulip. Beavers, frogs, turtles, salamanders and crayfish are seen in both Beaver and Heron ponds.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Indian Spring Trail 2.2 miles), Basketball, Boat Rental, Cross-country Skiing, Fishing, Picnicking, Play Equipment, Sledding, Swimming, Tennis, Volleyball
Many parks exist due to the foresight of a few visionary individuals, including F.A. Seiberling. He donated more than 400 acres to expand Sand Run Metro Park. Land that he owned from 1920 to 1948 was purchased by Metro Parks in 1964 to become the Nature Realm. Native son Seiberling founded Goodyear Tire & Rubber in 1898. The company produced bicycle and carriage tires and went on to capture the automobile tire business. Seiberling's interests went well beyond tires. He helped form the original Akron Metropolitan Park District and was a member of the Board of Park Commissioners from 1924 to 1935.
Today, the Nature Realm is a special-use area that has been set aside for the study and enjoyment of nature.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Cherry Lane Trail 0.6 miles, Fernwood Trail 0.5 miles, Seneca Trail 1.4 miles), Picnicking
William O'Neil, founder of General Tire and Rubber Company, and his wife Grace donated their 242-acre family farm to Metro Parks in 1972. Their son, M. Gerald O'Neil, served on the Board of Park Commissioners from 1969 to 1978. The O'Neil family had cattle and horses, and their old barn still stands; the structure is an ideal bat "condo." Other winged creatures in O'Neil Woods include eastern bluebirds, which nest in boxes maintained by staff and volunteers throughout the park. Eastern woodcocks, barred owls, pileated woodpeckers, song sparrows, kingfishers and ruffed grouse have been spotted among the park's oak, black willow, eastern cottonwood, sycamore and black walnut trees. Ferns and wildflowers carpet the ground. Yellow Creek, the cleanest tributary to the Cuyahoga River, harbors turtles, frogs and a variety of fish. Biologists believe this creek's fish will eventually re-colonize the polluted river as cleanup efforts continue.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Buckeye Trail, Deer Run Trail 1.8 miles), Picnicking
The 994-acre Sand Run Metro Park opened in 1929, but the area has been welcoming visitors for centuries. The land surrounding Mingo Pavilion was a campsite for Mingo Indians. Portage Path was once an important Native American trail between the Cuyahoga and Tuscarawas rivers; later, it was the western boundary of the United States. A high ridge above the Wadsworth Area was a lookout point for General Elijah Wadsworth, who made his camp near the present-day Old Portage Area during the War of 1812. In the 1930s, Sand Run Parkway and many of the surrounding shelters and structures were constructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps. In 1974, the park district's Administrative Offices were moved here from Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Today, visitors can drive through the ford crossing where Sand Run meanders across Sand Run Parkway. In the cool, shady ravines of Sand Run and its tributary streams, hemlocks, ferns, skunk cabbage and large colonies of horsetails grow. Each spring, large-flowered trilliums and other seasonal blooms appear, including bishop's cap, foam flower, bloodroot and pale violet. The towering forest is home to red, gray, black and fox squirrels; screech, barred and great horned owls; and pileated woodpeckers. Red-tailed hawks roost in the treetops when they are not soaring over the ridges. Many rare species inhabit the park, including sharp-shinned hawks, butternut trees, and native orchids. Near the intersection of Sand Run Parkway and Merriman Road is a small wetland that has become a highly productive amphibian breeding area. Every spring, the parkway is closed on nights when spotted salamanders migrate to this area for mating. The phenomenon has become a popular attraction for robust nature enthusiasts who often stand in the rain to witness hundreds of salamanders crossing the road. Other amphibians that breed in this area include spring peepers, wood frogs, American toads and green frogs.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Buckeye Trail, Dogwood Trail 1.8 miles, Jogging Trail 6.0 miles, Mingo Trail 3.3 miles, Parcours Trail 1.4 miles, Valley Link Trail 2.8 miles), Ice Skating, Picnicking, Sledding, Soccer
The 624-acre Silver Creek Metro Park is tucked away in a quiet, rural area near Norton. Observant visitors will see traces of the past. Open fields, fence rows and a stately old barn, part of which dates back to the Civil War, are evidence of the park’s former life as the Harter Dairy Farm. Other secrets are less visible. Buried beneath the surface is a maze of tunnels and shafts – remnants of a 19th-century mining operation. The one-time farm has changed a great deal since Metro Parks acquired the land in 1966. Thousands of trees have been planted, and the bathhouse and 50-acre lake – fed by a spring from an old mine near Wall Road – were built in the early 1990s. Today, iron-laden water from the mine shafts feed into Silver Creek, coating the bottom of the stream with reddish-brown iron-oxide, yet fish, frogs and other animals thrive. The open fields are home to woodcocks, meadowlarks and eastern bluebirds. Many butterflies flutter among the flowers and grasses. Hawks circle overhead to hunt rabbits, mice and voles living in the grasses and weeds below. Deer travel among the woods, fields and wetlands. Tall sycamores grow in soggy areas, and hickory woods grow in drier spots. The beech-maple woods contain spring wildflowers. One of the largest northern red oaks in Summit County – 20 feet in circumference – stands in this park.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Bridle Trail 7.9 miles, Chippewa Trail 2.0 miles, Pheasant Run Trail 1.2 miles), Boat Rental, Cross-country Skiing, Fishing, Picnicking, Play Equipment, Swimming
This much-anticipated Metro Park, is the first in southeast Summit County, and is now open. The trail is marked and the parking lot is completed. However, there are no restrooms, and more changes will be coming in the next few years during this "Watch Us Grow" phase. In the future, the restored prairie will attract butterflies and birds like bobolinks, meadowlarks and rails – all grassland nesting species.
ACTIVITIES: Hiking (Prairie Trail)
This Metro Park was recently built off of 91. There are two trails, Meadow Loop and Meadow Trail. Meadow Loop is an easy .35 miles of flat land. Meadow Trail is right next to the parking lot and is 2.0 miles through the woods and passes the County Home cemetery. 
ACTIVITIES: Hiking
Other.
The 33.5-mile Bike & Hike Trail was one of the first "rails to trails" conversions in the country. It follows the course of the old Akron, Bedford & Cleveland (ABC) Railroad, which was the longest electric railroad of its kind when it was built in 1895. Until service was discontinued in 1932, riders could travel for 50 cents from Akron to Cleveland’s Public Square in about 2.5 hours. Today, east of Route 91 in Munroe Falls, the Bike & Hike Trail parallels a scenic section of the Cuyahoga River where great blue herons, Canada geese and a variety of ducks can be seen. A small pond along the north side of the trail annually hosts a chorus of spring peepers. South of Boston Mills Road in Boston Heights, the Sharon Conglomerate rock walls of the Boston Ledges rise along the trail. Farther north, the trail travels along Brandywine Road. A parking area adjacent to the bridge over I-271 offers rest and a view of Brandywine Falls which, at 75 feet, is one of the highest waterfalls in Ohio.
ACTIVITIES: Biking, Cross-country Skiing, Hiking, Picnicking, Rollerblading
The Ohio & Erie Canal was a technological marvel. The inland waterway incorporated a series of sandstone locks that enabled boats to climb differences in elevation along the Continental Divide. The steepest section of the canal was between Akron and the Little Cuyahoga River. In a single mile, 15 locks, or "steps," were necessary. Canal boats, which were pulled by mules on the towpath, made it possible to ship goods from the Great Lakes (Lake Erie) to the Gulf of Mexico (via the Ohio and Mississippi rivers). Locally, the canal, which opened between Cleveland and Akron in 1827, can be directly credited with the growth of Akron. The city's population swelled thanks to the bustling activity surrounding the tight bundle of canal locks.
By 1878 the canal's significance was in decline due to the introduction of railroads. After the Great Flood of 1913 the canal was abandoned – less than 100 years after it opened. For many years the canal was largely forgotten about or ignored. The concept of restoring the towpath for use as a multipurpose trail began to emerge in the 1980s, and the first section of the Towpath Trail opened in 1993. Almost overnight, visitation doubled in Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Restoration of the towpath quickly spread to municipalities and neighboring park districts, including Metro Parks, Serving Summit County.
Akron Area (Botzum to the Innerbelt/SR-59): Along this 9.28-mile stretch the Cuyahoga and Little Cuyahoga rivers provide habitat for a variety of aquatic wildlife. Birds include herons, geese, ducks and kingfishers. Frogs and salamanders mate and lay eggs in the pools that collect in the flood plains. Water-loving native and non-native trees and shrubs dominate the area. Native species include cottonwood, sycamore, elm and silver maple; their chewed stumps signal beaver activity. Wildflowers abound along the sunny, shrub-less sections of the trail.
Barberton Area (Waterloo Road to Snyder Avenue): Plants that thrive in disrupted soils dominate along this 5.11-mile stretch; they include both native and invasive species. Shrubs include sumac, blackberry and the invasive Japanese knotweed while trees include boxelder, black locust and the invasive tree-of-heaven. Summer and fall wildflowers include Queen Anne’s lace, yarrow, teasel, evening primrose and common mullein. The Tuscarawas River and the water-filled canal provide habitat for a variety of aquatic wildlife. Beavers, muskrats, painted and musk turtles, and several types of frogs may be observed along the canal. Kingfishers and great blue herons may be seen stalking fish.
PPG Industries (Eastern Road to Center Road): This 4.54-mile section is built on land leased from PPG Industries. From 1899 until 1973, liquid and solid waste products from the company’s chemical plant – mostly lime and water slurry with some sand and salts – were pumped into six settling ponds here called Lime Lakes, covering a total of more than 600 acres. Water was drained from the Lime Lakes, leaving behind fine-grained lime deposits up to 50 feet deep. The resulting flat, barren landscapes were too alkaline and nutrient-poor for plants to grow. In the early 1980s PPG began restoring the local environment, amending the lime deposits with nutrient-rich bio-solids, or sludge, from municipal wastewater treatment plants, a practice often used in farming. Next, vegetation was planted in the artificial soil to reduce the amount of rain that filtered through. The result: Wildlife, including painted turtles, ring-necked pheasants and white tailed deer, has returned to the reclaimed Lime Lakes.
Clinton Area (Center Road to the Stark County line): Along this 2.6-mile section the rich, often-saturated soil of the river floodplain supports an abundance of wildflowers from spring to fall, luring a variety of insects including many butterflies. A number of tree species can be found along the trail, especially those which thrive in wet areas, including hackberry, elm, silver maple and swamp white oak.
ACTIVITIES: Biking, Camping, Cross-country Skiing, Fishing, Hiking, Picnicking
Conservation Areas.
In addition to 13 developed parks and more than 120 miles of trails, Metro Parks manages several conservation areas for the purpose of preserving Summit County’s natural resources. While these conservation areas are not officially open to the public, most are accessible via neighboring trails.
Surrounded by Cuyahoga Valley National Park, this 366-acre conservation area is characterized by steep ravines and nearly-mature forests. Columbia Run flows through the area and supports several communities of coldwater fish, including southern redbelly dace, a rare minnow. Rare birds have been observed here as well, including cerulean warblers, an Ohio species of concern. This area is accessible via the statewide Buckeye Trail.
The smallest of our named conservation areas, the 73-acre Kniss Conservation Area was donated by the Nature Conservancy in 1974. It is adjacent to Bath Nature Preserve, which is managed by the Bath Township Park System. At one time, these woods were considered one of the best local examples of a beech-maple forest ecosystem.
This 705-acre conservation area includes fields and forests that support rare plants. One such species is the butternut tree, which is being attacked by a fungus throughout its range. Black-throated green warblers have been observed here, and Furnace Run – one of the cleanest tributaries to the Cuyahoga River – flows through parts of this area. Portions of Riding Run are leased for sweet corn production and continue a long tradition of agriculture in the valley. Corn can be seen growing off Everett Road and will eventually find its way to Szalay's Farm, a regional attraction for many people traveling through Cuyahoga Valley National Park. The conservation area is accessible via neighboring bridle trails.
This 122-acre conservation area was donated in 1974 by Waldo Semon, an employee of Akron’s B.F. Goodrich Company who invented a way to make PVC (vinyl) useful. The woods are accessible via trails maintained by Cuyahoga Valley National Park. The Stanford Trail has a short spur that takes visitors to Averill Pond, home to beavers, herons and many amphibian species. Several rare plant species grow here, including satin brome and wild rice.
In 1974, the National Park Service acquired thousands of acres that were managed by Metro Parks, including Virginia Kendall Park. Despite this acquisition, Metro Parks retained 572 wooded acres – today’s Wetmore Conservation Area. It includes great forests, steep ravines and high-quality stream corridors. The land is accessible via bridle trails maintained by Cuyahoga Valley National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2855580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855580" title="Saint Andrew's Cross (BDSM)">
Saint Andrew's Cross (BDSM)

The St. Andrew's Cross, Crux decussata, X-cross, X-frame or saltire cross is a common piece of equipment in BDSM dungeons. It typically provides restraining points for ankles, wrists, and waist. When secured to a saltire, the subject is restrained in a spreadeagle position.
The St. Andrew's Cross and the spanking bench are the most common pieces of BDSM furniture. Saltires are versatile and easy to manufacture. They are usually firmly attached to a wall, and some are attached to a central hinge, allowing the subject to be spun and inverted.
The submissive may be attached to the cross with either the back or front facing the cross. Being restrained facing the cross is the position often used for whipping. Being attached with one's back to the cross is usually more of a sexual bondage position or used for sexual teasing.
The Cross may be purchased from BDSM companies, but many users make their own. Freestanding saltires have a frame which supports the cross. Some homemade freestanding crosses have a tendency to be unstable; a writhing subject can sometimes tip them over, so great caution needs to be exercised in their use. Some freestanding crosses include footrests that greatly improve safety and stability.
The name comes from the Crux decussata (diagonal cross) that Saint Andrew is said to have been martyred on.

</doc>
<doc id="2855588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855588" title="Ron Tauranac">
Ron Tauranac

Ronald Sidney "Ron" Tauranac AO (b. 13 January 1925) is a retired Australian engineer and racing car designer, who with Formula One driver Jack Brabham founded the Brabham constructor and racing team in 1962. Following Brabham's retirement as a driver at the end of the 1970 season, Tauranac briefly owned and managed the Brabham team through 1971, but sold it the following year to Bernie Ecclestone. He remained in England to assist with a redesign of a Politoys Formula One chassis for Frank Williams in 1973 and helped Trojan develop a Formula One version of their Formula 5000 car.
After a brief retirement in Australia, Tauranac returned to England to establish the Ralt marque (a name he and his brother Austin had used for some 'specials' in Australia in the 1950s winning the NSW Hillclimb Championship in 1954 with the Ralt 500). The first "modern" Ralt was the Ralt RT1 chassis, to be raced in Formula Three, Formula Two and Formula Atlantic. The chassis proved very successful, winning the European Formula Three championship in 1975 in the hands of Australian driver Larry Perkins. The 1978 season also proved successful for the RT1 chassis, winning the European F3 championship for Jan Lammers.
Tauranac designed the Theodore Racing F1 car for the 1978 season. The team was not very successful for various reasons largely unrelated to the quality of the chassis.
Two new designs were created for the 1979 season, the RT2 for Formula Two and the RT3 for Formula Three. The RT3 chassis proved highly successful, winning the 1983 European F3 championship for Pierluigi Martini and five consecutive British F3 titles.
A joint venture with Honda resulted in the RH6 chassis which won the 1981, 1984 and 1985 titles.
In October 1988 Tauranac sold the Ralt business to March Engineering for £1.25m.
Tauranac has remained involved with various aspects of the sport since departing from Ralt, including racing-school cars for Honda, a Formula Renault car, consulting work for the Arrows Formula One team, and continuing his relationship with Honda that goes back to their early Formula Two days as engine supplier to Brabham in the 1960s.
He has now moved back to Australia but still retains an interest in the sport. Tauranac can been seen each year as a design judge at the Formula SAE Australasia competition in Melbourne, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2855589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855589" title="Frequency-resolved optical gating">
Frequency-resolved optical gating

Frequency-resolved optical gating (FROG) is a general method for measuring ultrashort laser pulses, which range from subfemtosecond to about a nanosecond in length. Invented in 1991 by Rick Trebino and Daniel J. Kane, FROG was the first technique to solve this problem, which is difficult because, ordinarily, to measure an event in time, a shorter event is required with which to measure it. For example, to measure a soap bubble popping requires a strobe light with a shorter duration to freeze the action. Because ultrashort laser pulses are the shortest events ever created, before FROG, it was thought by many that their complete measurement in time was not possible. FROG, however, solved the problem by measuring an "auto-spectrogram" of the pulse, in which the pulse gates itself in a nonlinear-optical medium and the resulting gated piece of the pulse is then spectrally resolved as a function of the delay between the two pulses. Retrieval of the pulse from its FROG trace is accomplished by using a two-dimensional phase-retrieval algorithm. 
FROG is currently the standard technique for measuring ultrashort laser pulses, replacing an older method called autocorrelation, which only gave a rough estimate for the pulse length. FROG is simply a spectrally resolved autocorrelation, which allows the use of a phase-retrieval algorithm to retrieve the precise pulse intensity and phase vs. time. It can measure both very simple and very complex ultrashort laser pulses, and it has measured the most complex pulse ever measured without the use of a reference pulse. Simple versions of FROG exist (with the acronym, GRENOUILLE, the French word for FROG), utilizing only a few easily aligned optical components. Both FROG and GRENOUILLE are in common use in research and industrial labs around the world. 
Basics - Theory.
FROG and autocorrelation share the idea of combining a pulse with itself in a nonlinear medium. Since a nonlinear medium will only produce the desired signal when both pulses are present at the same time (i.e. “Optical Gating”), varying the delay between the pulse copies and measuring the signal at each delay gives a vague estimate of the pulse length. Autocorrelators measure a pulse by measuring the intensity of the nonlinear signal field. Estimating the pulse length requires assuming a pulse shape, and the phase of the pulse electric field cannot be measured at all. FROG extends this idea by measuring the spectrum of the signal at each delay (hence “Frequency Resolved”), instead of just the intensity. This measurement creates a spectrogram of the pulse, which can be used to determine the complex electric field as a function of time or frequency as long as the nonlinearity of the medium is known.
The FROG spectrogram (usually called a FROG trace) is a graph of intensity as a function of frequency formula_1 and delay formula_2. The signal field from the nonlinear interaction is easier to express in the time domain, however, so the typical expression for the FROG trace includes a Fourier transform.
The nonlinear signal field formula_4 depends on the original pulse, formula_5, and the nonlinear process used, which can almost always be expressed as formula_6, such that formula_7. The most common nonlinearity is second harmonic generation, where formula_8. The expression for the trace in terms of the pulse field is then:
There are many possible variations on this basic setup. If a well-known reference pulse is available, then it may be used as a gating pulse instead of a copy of the unknown pulse. This is referred to as cross-correlation FROG or XFROG. In addition, other non-linear effects besides second harmonic generation may be used, such as third harmonic generation (THG) or polarization gating (PG). These changes will affect the expression for formula_6.
Basics - Experiment.
In a typical multi-shot FROG setup, the unknown pulse is split into two copies with a beamsplitter. One copy is delayed by a known amount relative to the other. Both pulses are focused to the same point in a nonlinear medium, and the spectrum of the nonlinear signal is measured with a spectrometer. This process is repeated for many delay points. 
A FROG measurement can be performed on a single shot with some minor adjustments. The two pulse copies are crossed at an angle and focused to a line instead of a point. This creates a varying delay between the two pulses along the line focus. In this configuration, it is common to use a home-made spectrometer, consisting of a diffraction grating and a camera, to capture the measurement.
Retrieval Algorithm - Generalized Projections.
Although it is theoretically somewhat complex, the method of Generalized Projections has proven to be an extremely reliable method for retrieving pulses from FROG traces. Unfortunately, its sophistication is the source of some misunderstanding and mistrust from scientists in the optics community. Hence, this section will attempt to give some insight into the basic philosophy and implementation of the method, if not its detailed workings.
First, imagine a space that contains all possible signal electric fields. For a given measurement, there is a set of these fields that will satisfy the measured FROG trace. We refer to these fields as satisfying the data constraint. There is another set that consists of the signal fields that can be expressed using the form for the nonlinear interaction used in the measurement. For SHG, this is the set of fields that can be expressed in the form formula_11. This is referred to as satisfying the mathematical form constraint. 
These two sets intersect at exactly one point. There is only one possible signal field that both has the correct intensity to match the data trace and fits the mathematical form dictated by the nonlinear interaction. To find that point, which will give the pulse we’re trying to measure, Generalized Projections is used. The Generalized Projections Algorithm operates in this electric field space. At each step, we find the closest point to the current guess point that will satisfy the constraint for the other set. That is, the current guess is “projected” onto the other set. This closest point becomes the new current guess, and the closest point on the first set is found. By alternating between projecting onto the mathematical constraint set and projecting onto the data constraint set, we eventually end up at the solution.
Projecting onto the data constraint set is simple. To be in that set, the magnitude squared of the signal field has to match the intensity measured by the trace. The signal field formula_4 is Fourier transformed to formula_13. The closest point in the data constraint set is found by replacing the magnitude of formula_13 by the magnitude of the data, leaving the phase of formula_13 intact. 
Projecting onto the mathematical constraint set is not simple. Unlike the data constraint, there is not an easy way to tell which point in the mathematical constraint set is closest. A general expression for the distance between the current point and any point in the mathematical constraint set is created, and then that expression is minimized by taking the gradient of that distance with respect the current field guess. This process is discussed in more detail in this paper.
This cycle is repeated until the error between the signal guess and the data constraint (after applying the mathematical constraint) reaches some target minimum value. formula_5 can be found by simply integrating formula_4 with respect to delay formula_2. A second FROG trace is usually constructed mathematically from the solution and compared with the original measurement.
Measurement Confirmation.
One important feature of a FROG measurement is that many more data points are collected than are strictly necessary to find the pulse electric field. For example, say that the measured trace consists of 128 points in the delay direction and 128 points in the frequency direction. There are 128x128 total points in the trace. Using these points, an electric field is retrieved that has 2x128 points (128 for magnitude and another 128 for the phase). This is a massively overdetermined system, meaning that the number of equations is much larger than the number of unknowns. Thus the importance of each individual data point being absolutely correct is greatly reduced. This is very helpful for real world measurements that can be affected by detector noise and systematic error. Noise is extremely unlikely to affect the measured trace in a way that could be confused with a physical phenomenon in the pulse. The FROG algorithm tends to “see through” these effects due to the amount of extra information available and the use of a mathematical form constraint in finding a solution. This means that the error between an experimental FROG trace and a retrieved FROG trace is rarely zero, although it should be quite small for traces without systematic error.
Consequently, significant differences between measured and retrieved FROG traces should be investigated. The experimental setup may be misaligned, or there may be significant spatio-temporal distortions in the pulse. If the measurement averages over several or many pulses, then those pulses may vary significantly from each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2855596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855596" title="WQMG">
WQMG

WQMG is an Urban Adult Contemporary station licensed to Greensboro, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, which also includes High Point and Winston-Salem. The Entercom outlet broadcasts at 97.1 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW. The station's studios are located near the Piedmont Triad International Airport, and a transmitter site is in unicorporated south Guilford County.
History.
The earliest roots of this station date to 1947 and a station with the call letters WFMY on 97.3 MHz, owned by the Greensboro News Company, publishers of the "Greensboro Daily News" and "Daily Record" (now merged as the "Greensboro News & Record"). Two years after its founding as an FM station, its owners constructed WFMY-TV, the first television station in Greensboro and the second in North Carolina.
By 1950, the station was moved to its current 97.1 MHz, but the station was taken off the air in the early 1950s as the company devoted more of its resources to television. The station returned to air under new ownership by the mid-1950s with the call letters WQMG, which stood for "Quality Music for Greensboro." In the early 1970s, WQMG aired an adult contemporary format known as "Stereo Island."
WQMG was very successful in the 1970s and 1980s as an Urban Contemporary outlet, but by 1996 they would move to their current format, after becoming the sister station to WJMH. Following the format change of competitor WMKS, WQMG is now the sole Adult R&B station in the market. WQMG is the Triad's syndicated home of the Tom Joyner Morning Show.

</doc>
<doc id="2855602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855602" title="Adolph Rickenbacker">
Adolph Rickenbacker

Adolph Rickenbacker (3 April 1886 – March 1976) was a Swiss-American who co-founded the Rickenbacker guitar company along with George Beauchamp and Paul Barth.
Born in Basel, Switzerland as Adolf Rickenbacher. He emigrated in 1891 to the United States with older relatives after his parents died, settling in Wisconsin and later southern California. He Anglicized both his own name, and that of his company, to Rickenbacker to capitalize on the popularity of his distant cousin, America's top Flying Ace Eddie Rickenbacker.
Starting in the late 1920s, his Rickenbacher Manufacturing Company made metal bodies for the National String Instrument Corporation. Through this connection, he met George Beauchamp and Paul Barth, and in 1931 they founded the Ro-Pat-In Company. In 1932 they produced the first cast aluminium versions of the lap steel guitar. Two years later the company was renamed the Electro String Instrument Corporation. By the time production ceased in 1939, about 2,700 Frying Pan guitars had been produced. Rickenbacker, not convinced of the guitar business's potential, continued manufacturing until 1953, when he sold his company to Francis Cary Hall, a forerunner of the Southern California electric guitar boom.
Adolph Rickenbacker died from cancer in Orange County, California in 1976 at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="2855620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855620" title="George Dunning">
George Dunning

George Garnett Dunning (November 17, 1920 – February 15, 1979) was a Canadian-born filmmaker and animator. He is best known for animating and directing the 1968 Beatles film "Yellow Submarine".
Biography.
Dunning was born in Toronto, Canada and studied in at the Ontario College of Art, and soon found freelance work as an illustrator. Dunning joined the National Film Board of Canada in 1943, where he worked with Norman McLaren and contributed to several episodes of the "Chants populaires" series. From 1944 to 1947 Dunning created many original short films and developed his skills animating articulated, painted, metal cut-outs.
In 1948, he spent a year working for UNESCO in Paris under the mentorship of Czech-born animator Berthold Bartosch. Then in 1949, he and fellow NFB grad Jim McKay created one of Toronto’s first animation studios, Graphic Associates, where he produced commercials and gave Michael Snow his first job in film. Dunning later moved on to New York working on UPA's "The Gerald McBoing-Boing Show" and in 1956 he moved to England to manage UPA's new London office. After the office went under, he hired many of the UPA staff to work for him and his newly established production company, T.V. Cartoons Ltd. (renamed TVC London). Among the animators working for TVC where Richard Williams and Jimmy Murakami. By 1961, TVC was producing about one hundred commercials a year. During this time Dunning also managed to make many personal short films noted for their surrealistic atmosphere and Kafkaesque themes.
Dunning also oversaw the cartoon series "The Beatles" for ABC, and this led to his involvement with "Yellow Submarine" (1968). Dunning was also responsible for the opening credits of Blake Edwards' "A Shot in the Dark", along with a series of shorts and inserts including "The digger", for the BBC's "Vision On" series for children.
About the time of his death he was working on animated version of Shakespeare's "The Tempest", which was never completed. His company was briefly resurrected in the 1990s, before being merged with Varga Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="2855621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855621" title="Byron Dafoe">
Byron Dafoe

Byron Dafoe (born February 25, 1971) is a British-Canadian former National Hockey League goaltender. He was born in Worthing, England, United Kingdom and moved to Comox, British Columbia with his mother at the age of two months old. Between 1992 and 2004, he played for the Boston Bruins, Washington Capitals, Los Angeles Kings and Atlanta Thrashers.
Playing career.
Dafoe was drafted 35th overall in the 2nd round of the 1989 NHL Entry Draft by the Washington Capitals and made his NHL debut in the 1992-93 season. Dafoe also played for the Capitals in the 1993-94 and 1994-95 seasons. In 1995, Dafoe joined the Los Angeles Kings, with whom he stayed for two seasons before being traded to the Boston Bruins in 1997. 
In the following two season, Dafoe helped the Bruins back to the playoffs, winning a postseason series in 1999. He finished third in voting for the Vezina Trophy and was named to the NHL Second All-Star Team, edging out Curtis Joseph in the voting. Due to a contract dispute with Bruins General Manager Harry Sinden, he was a holdout for part of the 1999–2000 season and suffered injuries during it, so he never regained his previous form.
In 2002, he signed as a free agent with the Atlanta Thrashers. Byron Dafoe retired from professional hockey following the 2004–05 NHL lockout.
Outside of the NHL, Dafoe has played for WHL sides Portland Winter Hawks (1986–1990) and Prince Albert Raiders (1990–1991), ECHL side Hampton Roads Admirals, AHL sides Baltimore Skipjacks (1991–1992 and 1992–1993), New Haven Nighthawks (1992) and Portland Pirates (1993–1994 and 1994–1995), and IHL side Phoenix Roadrunners. He was voted a First Team AHL All-Star in 1993-94 and won a Calder Cup championship that season with the Portland Pirates.
During Dafoe's time with the Winter Hawks, he had an on-ice fistfight with Tri-City Americans goaltender Olaf Kölzig, someone with whom he would go on to have a friendly rivalry in the NHL—so friendly that they served as each other's best man when they got married. He and Kolzig also had a "friendly" fight later in their NHL careers on November 28, 1998 when the Boston Bruins took on the Washington Capitals. During the game, a fight broke out that was so violent and all encompassing, the goalies (Dafoe and Kolzig) also got caught up in it. The fight between the goalies was primarily comedic, with both Dafoe and Kolzig laughing as they landed punches.
Along with fellow NHLers Kölzig and Scott Mellanby, Dafoe is a founder of Athletes Against Autism, as his son has autism.
Dafoe and his family currently reside in Kelowna, BC.

</doc>
<doc id="2855626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855626" title="Cayuga White">
Cayuga White

Cayuga White is a mid-season ripening wine grape developed from crosses of the hybrids Schuyler and Seyval Blanc at Cornell University's New York State Agricultural Experiment Station in Geneva, New York. It is a hardy vine with some bunch-rot disease resistance. In warmer climates it should be picked at lower sugars to avoid overripe, sometimes labrusca-like, flavors; however this has not been observed in cooler climates such as the Pacific Northwest, where desirable, Riesling-type flavors are tasted in fully ripe Cayuga fruit. Picked at the proper time, it can produce a very nice sparkling wine with good acid balance, structure, and pleasant aromas, or a fruity white wine similar to a Riesling or Viognier. One advantage of Cayuga is that, if harvested unripe (e.g., in a shorter summer in cool climates), it can still make a good wine, albeit one with more green apple flavors in that case.
This grape, when grown on mature vines in fertile soil, can produce astonishing yields. If allowed to set fully on thirty-year-old vines in Aurora, Oregon, Cayuga's yield has been measured at over 13 tons per acre, though in that case a "green harvest" (removing much of the fruit before the final phase of the ripening cycle) is advised, so that the vine can more fully ripen the remaining fruit.
Cayuga is relatively easy to make wine from. In cooler climates, it retains enough acid that a residual sugar level is advised, in order to achieve balance in the palate.
In one informal survey of grapebreeders who grow hybrid grapes and make wine from them, Cayuga was the most-popular answer to the question "Which hybrid grape is the easiest to grow and make good wine from?"
References.
<Hybrid Grape Analysis for the Pacific Northwest, by Kenton Erwin>

</doc>
<doc id="2855635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855635" title="William de Silva">
William de Silva

Peduru Hewage "William" de Silva (8 December 1908 – 30 July 1988) was a 20th-century Ceylonese politician with Marxist/Trotskyist leanings.
P. H. William de Silva was born at Kahatapitiya in Batapola, Ambalangoda, Ceylon, to a wealthy land-owning family. He received his elementary education at Batapola Mixed School and secondary education at St John's College, Panadura, Richmond College, Galle, and Ananda College, Colombo. He studied for one year at the University College Colombo (now the University of Colombo) and then traveled to England for further studies at University College, Oxford.
While in England, William de Silva joined the India League and a Marxist study group with other Ceylonese students in London. He then returned to Ceylon and joined the Lanka Sama Samaja Party (LSSP). During World War II, he was an anti-war movement leader and was imprisoned in Bogambara Prison and Badulla Prison in Sri Lanka (1943–45). He became a Ceylonese Member of Parliament in 1947 and 1953. He was leader of the All-Ceylon Estate Workers Union and Vice President of the All-Ceylon Congress of Samasamaja Youth Leagues. He separated from the LSSP in October 1953 and joined the Viplavakari Lanka Sama Samaja Party (VLLSP). He was the founding leader of Mahajana Eksath Peramuna (MEP). He was Cabinet Minister of Industries and Fisheries in S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike's SLFP-MEP coalition government (1956–59). He became a Member of Parliament in 1960 and was Vice President of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP). In 1970, he became the Ceylon High Commissioner to Canada.
De Silva died aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="2855644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855644" title="Avebury Manor &amp; Garden">
Avebury Manor &amp; Garden

Avebury Manor & Garden is a National Trust property consisting of an early 16th-century manor house and its surrounding garden. Avebury Manor & Garden is located in Avebury, near Marlborough, Wiltshire, England.
Visitor attraction.
The manor house is privately occupied, and part is open to the general public. The house was leased and restored by Alexander Keiller who took an intense interest in Avebury henge in the late 1930s. The garden was completely redesigned in the early 20th century. The topiary and other formal gardens are contained within walls and clipped box, creating numerous "rooms".
In 2011, Avebury Manor became subject of the BBC One programme "The Manor Reborn". During the course of the programme, Avebury was refurbished by a group of experts, in collaboration with the National Trust.
History.
The earliest parts of the present house were probably built after Sir William Dunch of Little Wittenham in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) purchased the estate in 1551. It was some way from most of his lands which centred on Wittenham, but he appears to have purchased it because of an interest in ancient monuments such as the Avebury Stone Circles. In the 1580s, he passed it on to his younger son, Walter Dunch. The latter's daughter, Deborah, Lady Moody, grew up at the manor before emigrating to America and founding Gravesend in Brooklyn in 1645.
The house has had many extensions and changes over the centuries, the final addition to the manor is the West Library. The library was added by the Jenner family who occupied the house in the early 20th Century.

</doc>
<doc id="2855658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855658" title="King-Kok Cheung">
King-Kok Cheung

King-Kok Cheung is an American literary critic specializing in Asian American literature and is a professor in the department of English at UCLA. Cheung received her Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="2855660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855660" title="William X. O'Brien">
William X. O'Brien

William X. O'Brien (23 January 1881 – 31 October 1968) was a politician and trade unionist in Ireland.
Born in Clonakilty, County Cork, O'Brien moved with his family to Dublin in 1897, and quickly became involved in the Irish Socialist Republican Party (ISRP). O'Brien is described as "a very significant figure in the ISRP" by the historian of the ISRP, David Lynch.
A close friend and associate of James Connolly, O'Brien helped establish the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union in 1909, and was instrumental in the Dublin Lock-out strike in 1913.
A member of the Irish Neutrality League, and Anti-Conscription Committee, during the World War I, O'Brien was interned on several occasions by the Dublin Castle government. During one of these instances, he stood in the 1920 Stockport by-election, but was refused a release to campaign in it.
With the formation of the Irish Free State, O'Brien was elected as Teachta Dála (TD) for Dublin South at the 1922 general election, and again for Tipperary in June 1927 and again in 1937.
An important figure in the Labour Party in Ireland in its formative days, O'Brien resisted James Larkin's attempt to gain control of the Party on release from prison. Taking Larkin to court over his occupation of ITGWU headquarters, the Larkin-O'Brien feud resulted in a split within the labour and trade union movements, and the formation of the Irish Congress of Trade Unions.
W. T. Cosgrave while President of the Executive Council of the Free State government notably turned down a plea for asylum in Ireland for Leon Trotsky made by O'Brien. In 1930, Cosgrave told him:
"I could see no reason why Trotsky should be considered by us. Russian bonds had been practically confiscated. He said there was to be consideration of them. I said it was not by Trotsky, whose policy was the reverse. I asked his nationality. Reply Jew. They were against religion (he said that was modified). I said not by Trotsky. He said he had hoped there would be an asylum here as in England for all. I agreed that under normal conditions, which we had not here, that would be all right. But we had no touch with this man or his Government, nor did they interest themselves in us in his 'day'.
Active in politics and the trade union movement into his 60s, O'Brien retired in 1946 and died on 31 October 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="2855663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855663" title="Neuticles">
Neuticles

Neuticles are prosthetic testicular implants for neutered dogs and other domestic animals. Creator Gregg Miller won the 2005 Ig Nobel Prize in Medicine, a parody of the real Nobel Prize, for his invention.
According to the website, over 500,000 pets have been 'neuticled' since the product was introduced in 1995 in all 50 states of the USA and 49 countries. There are 28,000 participating veterinary clinics and hospitals that perform the procedure.
Miller developed the idea for Neuticles in 1993, after his bloodhound Buck caught the scent of a bitch in heat, disappeared and turned up days later 30 miles away. Miller had Buck neutered to stop his wandering. Following the procedure, when Buck went to clean himself, he realized something was wrong and acted "extremely depressed" for three days.
The first commercial Neuticles were implanted in 1995. Neuticles are made from Food and Drug Administration–approved materials and are designed to replicate the weight and feel of the animal's natural testicles. They are made of solid polypropylene or solid silicone.
Several companies have tried to copy the patented prosthetic. In a June 2000 press release, CTI Corporation, which manufactures Neuticles, cited an investigation revealing that companies in New York and California were pirating Neuticles.
Neuticles have been endorsed by national, state, and regional humane societies, including the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA). "Who can argue with a perfectly safe surgical procedure that encourages pet owners to neuter?" The Spay/Neuter Incentive Project & Sanctuary praises Neuticles as eliminating one of the last reasons people are reluctant to neuter their male pets. Houston veterinarian Kenneth Williams says that for every 200 dogs neutered he gets one inquiry or request for implants.
Miller and Neuticles were featured on an episode of the Penn & Teller show "" which featured the extremes people will go to in order to pamper and care for their pets, including the implantation of Neuticles, which was shown as an example of some pet owners' desires to reduce what they perceived as stress and/or depression after being neutered.

</doc>
<doc id="2855669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855669" title="William Henry Crocker">
William Henry Crocker

William Henry Crocker (13 January 1861 – 25 September 1937), was president of Crocker National Bank. He was a Republican.
Biography.
He was born on 13 January 1861 in Sacramento, California. 
He attended Phillips Academy, Andover and Yale University, where he was a brother of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Phi chapter). After the 1906 earthquake and fire had left the Crocker mansions in ruins, in 1907 he donated the Crocker family's Nob Hill block for Grace Cathedral.
He was a member of the University of California Board of Regents for nearly thirty years and funded the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory's million-volt x-ray tube at the UC hospital and the "medical" Crocker cyclotron used for neutron therapy at the Berkeley. 
Crocker also chaired the Panama-Pacific Exposition Committee and SE Community Chest, and was a key member of the committee that built the San Francisco Opera House and Veterans Building. Crocker was the founder of Crocker Middle School located in Hillsborough, California.
When much of the city of San Francisco was destroyed by the fire from the 1906 earthquake, William Crocker and his bank were major forces in financing reconstruction. 
His father, Charles Crocker (1822-1888), had been a builder of the Central Pacific Railroad. 
Crocker's wife Ethel (née Willard) was the leading patron of French Impressionist art in California at that time. In the 1890s, Crocker's wife, and California Impressionist Lucy Bacon, who studied in France under Pissarro, lent William Kingston Vickery, owner of the San Francisco art gallery Vickery, Atkins & Torrey, a number of French Impressionist paintings. Vickery then supervised a series of these loan exhibitions in San Francisco and introduced Impressionism to California in the form of paintings by Monet, Eugène Boudin, Paul Cézanne, Camille Pissarro, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, and Edgar Degas. 
Mrs. Crocker also sponsored the studies of the Zoellner Quartet with César Thomson in Belgium. After six years in Europe, the quartet returned to the United States, and became a tireless force promoting classical music outside established centers and in Southern California.
William and Ethel Crocker had four children: Charles, William Willard, Helen (Russell) and Ethel Mary (de Limur). William Henry Crocker died on 25 September 1937 at his home in Hillsborough, California.
Legacy.
His uncle's home in Sacramento, California, was converted into the Crocker Art Museum and was the first art museum to open in the West. 
His nephew, Harry Crocker, was a movie star in the 1920s and, at one time, the personal assistant of Charlie Chaplin.
His cousin, Aimee Crocker, was a Bohemian mystic who garnished publicity for her extravagant parties in New York, San Francisco and Paris, for her 5 husbands and many lovers, for her tattoos, and for living 10 years in the Far East, not as a tourist, but as a native.
His grandson, also named William, is a retired anthropologist who worked at the Smithsonian Institution specializing in Canela Indians of Brazil.
The public middle school in Hillsborough, California is named after him, Crocker Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="2855686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855686" title="Carlos María Abascal Carranza">
Carlos María Abascal Carranza

Carlos María Abascal Carranza (born Mexico City, June 14, 1949 - Mexico City, December 2, 2008) was a Mexican lawyer and the Secretary of the Interior in the cabinet of Vicente Fox. He is the son of the writer Salvador Abascal, famous for his synarchist ideas.
Biography.
Carlos Abascal studied law at Mexico City's Escuela Libre de Derecho, graduating in 1973 with a thesis entitled "Relations between Spiritual Power and Temporal Power", in which he stated, "inter alia," that "democracy is a farce that has been used by Freemasons in Mexico... to make a confused and disoriented majority believe that its will is being done".
He later pursued business management studies at the IPADE. For about thirty years he worked for Afianzadora Insurgentes where he began as messenger and trainee in the legal area and ended as Director and CEO. He retired from Afianzadora Insurgentes in August 2000.
Abascal has occupied different positions in private and social organizations. He has been president of the Fundación para el Desarrollo Sostenible en México (FUNDES), president of Vertebra, president of the Movimiento Social y de Administración de Valores (AVAL), vice-president of the Instituto Mexicano de Doctrina Social Cristiana (IMDOSOC), and president of the Confederación Patronal de la República Mexicana (COPARMEX).
Abascal was one of President Vicente Fox's key cabinet members. In 2000 Fox appointed Abascal as Secretary of Labor. In 2005, following Santiago Creel's resignation, Abascal was appointed Secretary of the Interior.
He was opposed to some birth control methods such as abortion and the contraceptive pill. He spoke out against "liberal" literature, including the novel "Aura" by Carlos Fuentes, which Abascal judged as inappropriate for his thirteen-year-old daughter and requested that her private school reconsider including in its curriculum.

</doc>
<doc id="2855689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855689" title="Ralf Scheepers">
Ralf Scheepers

Ralf Scheepers (born 5 February 1965 in Esslingen, Germany) is the current vocalist for German power metal outfit Primal Fear. He has a relatively high-pitched tenor-esque singing voice and sometimes uses a shriek reminiscent of Judas Priest's Rob Halford, although it is his baritone lows which give him a near four octave range in the modal register. He has also sung in Gamma Ray and Tyran' Pace. Ralf Scheepers has also done guest vocals for the bands Scanner, Therion, Ayreon, and Shadow Gallery and worked with Tom Galley on Phenomena's "Blind Faith" album.
Discography.
Primal Fear.
1997–present

</doc>
<doc id="2855690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855690" title="Cave Hill">
Cave Hill

The names Cave Hill and Cavehill refer to a number of places:
Barbados.
The "Cave Hill" are in Barbados can refer to:
United States.
There are 26 "Cave Hills" in the United States according to the USGS's Geographic Names Information System (GNIS).

</doc>
<doc id="2855697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855697" title="Hottentots Holland High School">
Hottentots Holland High School

Hottentots-Holland High School is an Afrikaans- and English-speaking school in the Western Cape in South Africa, situated between the towns of Somerset West and Strand. The parallel-medium, co-educational school, situated to the west of the N2 national road, was opened at its current site by Dr G. G. (Gawie) Cillie, Chairman of the School Board, in February, 1930. A portion of the land on which it now stands having been given by Mesdames Beynon and Osler, daughters of an early Somerset West shopkeeper and property owner. At this time the school had an enrollment of 220 pupils and a staff of 11 under Mr A. J. Ackerman. The school motto "Sibi Fidelis Ipsi" is Latin for "True To Oneself". Prior to 1930, the school operated under the name Somerset West Public School.
As of 2013, it has 1,232 students and 52 teachers. It has students registered in grades 8 through 12.
The school enjoys a strong sporting rivalry with its neighbour high schools, Hoërskool Strand and Parel Vallei High School.
The school is a site for students in the Scientific and Industrial Leadership Initiative (SAILI), a non-profit programme for promising science and engineering pupils which was set up in 2002 by the heads of the four universities in the province after they became frustrated at the low skills levels of first-year students.
SAILI identifies students in low-income families in the second-last year of primary schooling and provides catch-up and reinforcement classes, after which they can enter good quality high schools such as Hottentots Holland. They continue to take classes every two Saturdays at venues such as the MTN Sciencentre for the first two years of high school, after which they take booster lessons at the Cape Peninsula University of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="2855698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855698" title="Tangerine Microtan 65">
Tangerine Microtan 65

The Tangerine Microtan 65 (sometimes abbreviated M65) was a 6502 based single board microcomputer, first sold in 1979, which could be expanded into, what was for its day, a comprehensive and powerful system. The design became the basis for what later became the ORIC, ATMOS and later computers, which had similar keyboard addressing and tape I/O as in the Microtan 65. The Microtan 65 had a single step function that could be used for debugging at the hardware level. The computer was available as ready-built boards or as kits consisting of board and components requiring soldering together.
The Microtan 65 was intended as a general purpose microcomputer which could be used by laboratories, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM)s and the computer enthusiast, and it was designed with expandability in mind. In this way the customer could customise the system, be it as a specialised control system, as a learning tool, or as a general purpose computing device.
Price of the Microtan 65 board in 1981 was £79.35 (inc. VAT) in kit form or £90.85 ready-assembled. The system was not generally available in the shops, one of the few stockists at the time being Henry's Radio of Edgware Road, London.
To accompany the hardware and to offer further support to users, a magazine was created, the "Tansoft Gazette" (name inspired by the "Liverpool Software Gazette"). This was edited by Tangerine employee Paul Kaufman who continued as editor when the magazine was renamed "Oric Owner". Tansoft also became the name of Tangerine Computer's official software house which supplied a number of software products and book for the Microtan system and subsequently for the Oric range of computers. The "Tansoft Gazette" was prepared in-house using very basic layout facilities and then printed by local printer, Mid-Anglia Litho. "Oric Owner" improved on this by using a professional typsetting company.
Main Board.
The Microtan 65 was quite simple by today's standards, with:
Display.
The major advance that the Microtan 65 had over a lot of the competition at that time was that the video display was flicker free. At the time a lot of microcomputers would either access the screen memory asynchronously to the video timing (causing flicker and splats on the screen), or would write to the screen memory during a non-display period (which was slow). The Microtan 65 got over this problem by making use of an incidental feature of the 6502. The 6502 (unlike most other CPUs) has a regular period in each instruction cycle when all CPU activity is inside the chip, leaving the external memory available without using complex external arbitration logic. This made video display design simpler and meant that video accesses could be made at maximum speed. This technique is also used on the Oric-1 and Atmos, and in the unrelated Apple II.
The 32×16 characters was the reason that the 6502 was clocked at 750 kHz. To get the circuitry to work at a (nearly) standard video rate meant that the pixel clock had to be 6 MHz. When the Microtan 65 was designed only a 1 MHz 6502 was available, and so 750 kHz was used (6 MHz divided by 8).
Software.
The 1K byte monitor program (later increased to a 2K) was called TANBUG. The software facilities were rudimentary:
Memory Map.
The Microtan 65 memory map is shown below ($ representing a hexadecimal memory address): 
The screen memory occupies the space between $200 and $3FF. In addition to the standard 8 bits of screen RAM, there was an additional single bit RAM shadowing the $200 to $300 space. This was configured as a 9th bit write-only plane, and was used by the Microtan 65 for rudimentary, or "chunky", graphics. Setting the 9th bit displayed a Minitel type block graphic. 
The display is 32 characters across by 16 lines down, with memory address $200 representing the top left hand displayed character, $220 the second row, etc. The character representation is standard ASCII. Several pieces of Microtan 65 software write to the bottom line by writing to memory starting at $3E0 - the leftmost character on the bottom line, rather than vectoring through TANBUG.
Input/output.
I/O in the Microtan 65 is decoded into a 16 KB space to simplify the hardware. In fact the 1 KB of RAM is mirrored through the bottom 32 KB, the I/O through the next 16 KB, and the EPROM through the top 16 KB. If you added an expansion board (see TANEX below) the decoding was modified and the wasted space reclaimed. 
In common with other 6502 designs, I/O is mapped into the memory space. There is no dedicated I/O space as on the Z80, 8086 etc. The I/O ports are (when fully decoded):
TANEX expansion board.
Adding a TANEX board provided a number of features:
Without a TANEX board, and due to deliberately ambiguous address decoding, the address $F7F7 would appear to the 6502 to have the same data as $FFF7. In TANBUG, this is a jump to an internal monitor routine. With TANEX installed, $F7F7 is decoded properly, and that address is an entry point into XBUG. XBUG provided features such as cassette tape loading and saving, a simple assembler / disassembler, hex calculator.
The ROM sockets on TANEX could be used to run a 10K Microsoft Extended BASIC, a two-pass assembler, or even (and more likely given the hardware bias of the Microtan 65) code written for a specific hardware control application.
Price of the TANEX board in 1981 was £49.45 as a "minimum configuration" kit - lacking one of the 6522 VIAs and the 6551 and with 1K of RAM - and £60.95 for a similar board fully assembled. TANEX was also available with the board fully populated with chips (although excluding XBUG, ROMs & BASIC) and in this form the costs were £103.16 for the kit and £114.66 ready assembled.
Further Expansion.
The Microtan 65 was designed as a modular system able to be expanded as required, and for this each board included an 80-pin connector at one end allowing it to be plugged into a backplane-type motherboard. A simple two-socket "Mini Motherboard" connected the Microtan 65 and TANEX boards for minimum expansion and in this form the system was also available ready-built from Tangerine, complete with case and full ASCII keyboard, as the Tangerine Micron, costing £395.00 in 1981. For further expansion the builder could purchase the full "System Motherboard" which featured an additional ten sockets, bringing the total available sockets to twelve. For housing this, a "System Rack", rack-based case was available, in black and silver with a black front panel trimmed in Tangerine's trademark orange. 
Additional boards became available with time, including a 40K memory board - TANRAM, made up of 32K of dynamic and 8K of static RAM, bringing the total non-paged memory to 48K, a dedicated parallel I/O board featuring 16 parallel input/output ports; a similar dedicated serial I/O board featuring 8 serial input/output ports, a disk controller board for use with disk drives, a Disk Operating System - TANDOS 65, a high resolution graphics board featuring 8K of static graphics RAM giving a resolution of 256 × 256 pixels, a dedicated 32K ROM board, (aimed mainly at OEM and general purpose applications or for use with AIM KIM and SYM systems), capable of holding either 8 × 2732 or 16 × 2716 EPROMs; and a 32K RAM board featuring two 16K banks of 4116 dynamic RAM, again intended for similar purposes to the 32K ROM board. In addition, several third-party suppliers offered boards designed for use with the Microtan 65 system.
In addition to the BASIC programming language Tangerine also released on disk TANFORTH, an extended version of FIG FORTH featuring a full FORTH assembler and editor.

</doc>
<doc id="2855699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855699" title="Francis Benali">
Francis Benali

Francis Vincent Benali (born 30 December 1968) is an English professional footballer and coach who spent most of his playing career at Southampton.
Schoolboy football.
Benali was born in Southampton and attended Bellemoor School. He played for Winsor United in the Southampton Tyro League. At this level he was playing as a forward and was a prolific goal-scorer, being an early developer and quicker and stronger than most footballers of his age. He was selected to represent Southampton and Hampshire Schools, and progressed to the England schoolboy team, scoring on his debut against Northern Ireland and making nine appearances at this level.
Career.
Southampton.
As a schoolboy, Benali regularly attended matches at The Dell and signed for his local club as an apprentice in July 1985, along with Matthew Le Tissier. He was initially played as a forward but as other players caught up with him, it became clear to coach David Merrington and first-team manager Chris Nicholl that his future in professional football lay as a defender.
He signed as a professional on 5 January 1987, and made his first-team debut as a substitute at home to Derby County on 1 October 1988. In the 1988–89 season, he made three starts and four substitute appearances. He gradually made the left-back position his own over the next few seasons. He was recognised as a tough-tackling defender who rarely ventured forward.
His distribution was somewhat wayward and his crosses when going forward rarely reached their intended target. Nonetheless, he rapidly gained a cult status amongst Saints’ supporters for his whole-hearted commitment to the club and his dedication to the cause.
Benali gained a poor reputation amongst officials, and regularly received yellow cards for challenges which were deemed to be outside the laws. He was sent-off 11 times, including on 7 February 1993 at White Hart Lane in a 2–4 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur for a high challenge on Nick Barmby.
His status amongst the supporters was such that his testimonial match in 1997 was a sell-out and the supporters witnessed his first goal as a first team player, when he drove the ball in from well outside the goal area.
Like many defenders, he scored several own-goals, the most spectacular being on 30 March 1994 in a 1–3 defeat at home to Oldham Athletic when he made a diving header at the near post and put the ball past his own goal-keeper Dave Beasant; a goal any forward would have been proud of.
His only FA Premier League goal came on 13 December 1997 with a header from a Matthew Le Tissier free-kick against Leicester City at The Dell.
During his long career at Southampton, several players were signed to replace him at left-back, including John Beresford, Patrick Colleter and Simon Charlton, but Benali saw them all off. In January 2001, under manager Glenn Hoddle, Benali went out on loan to Nottingham Forest in order to help their manager David Platt cope with an injury crisis. He made an impressive 15 starts in this time, adding some experience to the youthful Forest backline. Forest wanted to sign Benali but were unable to meet the terms, so he returned to Southampton at the end of the three month loan period.
Benali had lost his regular slot to Wayne Bridge who had come through the Saints Academy at the end of the 1990s and Bridge did not miss a league game between March 2000 and January 2003. In the 2001–02 season, Benali made no first team starts with only three substitute appearances and manager Gordon Strachan offered him a free transfer in order to obtain first-team football. Benali decided to stay at Southampton and when Bridge was injured in January 2003, Benali returned to the starting line-up making two league appearances against Sunderland and Manchester United as well as two in the F.A. Cup against Millwall. Although Benali did not appear in the F.A. Cup Final on 17 May 2003, he was awarded a runners-up medal for his two appearances in Round 4. The replay against Millwall turned out to be his final competitive appearance for Southampton.
His final appearance in the Southampton first-team came as a substitute in the inaugural Ted Bates trophy match in January 2004 against Bayern Munich.
In the summer of 2005, after Southampton had been relegated from the Premiership, Benali (now aged 36) was invited by manager Harry Redknapp to join Southampton's pre-season training and played in a friendly against Eastleigh, but nothing further materialised. He then retired from playing after 20 years at the club.
During his time at Southampton, he made 389 first-team appearances, but only scored once in his professional career, a header at the far post.
Eastleigh.
He signed for non-league club Eastleigh, just outside Southampton, in the summer of 2006, and played 22 games in two seasons before he finally retired from playing in 2008.
Coaching.
In July 2003, Benali joined the coaching staff at St. Mary's and took charge of the under-12 side at the Academy.
On the departure of Harry Redknapp in December 2005, Benali and Matthew Le Tissier put themselves forward as joint candidates for the vacant position, but were not interviewed by chairman Rupert Lowe.
He had a two year spell as a youth coach at Romsey Town.
Business activities.
With Matthew Le Tissier, Benali was the founder in October 2003 of the True Greats website. He was a partner in Kuti's Brasserie, an Indian Restaurant in Southampton, before selling his shares to focus on his other business interests.
He is a partner in a property development company – Luken Homes – with his father-in-law. The company was set up in 2002 and is named after Benali's children, Luke and Kenzie.
Charitable activities.
As a player, he was regularly involved in community affairs in Southampton, and since retiring from full-time football has become patron of a Saints community programme
He is also patron of the following charities:
Francis Benali has won a national award – for curries. Benali picked up a Golden Curry prize for the Bangladeshi cuisine at his Southampton restaurant.
In April 2004, Francis appeared for Testwood Baptist Church in the Roger Frapwell Testimonial Match at BAT ground, Totton, near Southampton. Also in that team were former Saints managers Alan Ball and Dave Merrington. The game was played with the proceeds going to local charity SCRATCH.
On 11 August 2013, he appeared in a charity match in aid of Great Ormond Street Hospital at Bromley F.C.. The match was between the casts of Les Miserables and Phantom of the Opera. Other celebrities such as Gareth Gates and Danny Jones took part.

</doc>
<doc id="2855702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855702" title="Podsafe Music Network">
Podsafe Music Network

Podsafe Music Network (PMN) is the primary archive of podsafe music (music available for use in podcasting without significant licensing difficulties) on the internet. It was established by PodShow, a podcast production company founded by Adam Curry and Ron Bloom, in the summer of 2005. The network's website provides tools for musicians and for podcasters, and also makes streamed music available to the casual listener.
The network was built by Chris Rockwell Breshears of The Daily Download and designed by Sue Fleming with the help of C.C. Chapman.
The network and PodShow seek to promote the work of artists, independent and signed alike, who embrace the podcasting idea and make their work available for broadcast and promotion by podcasters.
PMN definition of "podsafe".
Loosely translated, music licensed through Podsafe Music Network (PMN), the podsafe music repository run by the PodShow podcasting network, is podsafe (as of 2005 November 21) in that the music can be played by any user from its website, may be downloaded only by podcasters intending to use the work in a broadcast or by users intending to create a similarly licensed and properly attributed derivative work (mash-ups are explicitly allowed), and may be used for free in a public podcast or streamed webcast, if properly attributed as set forth in the terms. Of course, to legally post music to PMN, the poster must fully own the work, the work must be entirely original (with little exception), and the poster must retain most rights to the work, despite any prior or future legal agreements. PMN does not deny the same rights to commercial podcasters, and, since it is owned by a commercial podcast network, it may not be inclined to do so in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="2855703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855703" title="Dubin–Johnson syndrome">
Dubin–Johnson syndrome

Dubin–Johnson syndrome is an autosomal recessive disorder that causes an increase of conjugated bilirubin in the serum without elevation of liver enzymes (ALT, AST). This condition is associated with a defect in the ability of hepatocytes to secrete conjugated bilirubin into the bile, and is similar to Rotor syndrome. It is usually asymptomatic but may be diagnosed in early infancy based on laboratory tests.
Pathophysiology.
The conjugated hyperbilirubinemia is a result of defective endogenous and exogenous transfer of anionic conjugates from hepatocytes into the bile. Impaired biliary excretion of bilirubin glucuronides is due to a mutation in the canalicular multidrug resistance protein 2 (MRP2). A darkly pigmented liver is due to polymerized epinephrine metabolites, not bilirubin.
Diagnosis.
A hallmark of DJS is the unusual ratio between the byproducts of heme biosynthesis.
In post-mortem autopsy, the liver will have a dark pink or black appearance due to pigment accumulation.
There is plenty of canalicular multi-drug resistant protein that causes bilirubin transfer to bile canaliculi. An isoform of this protein is localized to the apical hepatocyte membrane, allowing transport of glucuronide and glutathione conjugates back into the blood.
High levels of gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) help in diagnosing pathologies involving biliary obstruction.
Genetics.
DJS is due to a defect in the multispecific anion transporter (cMOAT) gene (ABC transporter superfamily). It is an autosomal recessive disease and is likely due to a loss of function mutation, since the mutation affects the cytoplasmic / binding domain.
Prognosis.
Prognosis is good, and treatment of this syndrome is usually unnecessary. Most patients are asymptomatic and have normal life spans. Some neonates will present with cholestasis. Hormonal contraceptives and pregnancy may lead to overt jaundice and icterus (yellowing of the eyes and skin).
References.
Dubin-Johnson syndrome
Dubin-Johnson-Syndrome
Dubin Johnson Syndrome

</doc>
<doc id="2855709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855709" title="Continental Portugal">
Continental Portugal

Although designation is sometimes used to differentiate the continental territory of Portugal (also known as The Continent - "O Continente") from the insular territory of Portugal. The latter is composed by the Madeira and Azores archipelagos in the Atlantic Ocean. It is also a NUTS I division (see administrative divisions of Portugal: NUTS for details). While in modern Portugal the difference between continental and total territory is not significant (in terms of area), it mattered during the existence of the Portuguese Empire, when this terminology was used.
The Azores and Madeira archipelagos are also commonly referred to as The Autonomous Regions ("As Regiões Autónomas"), Insular Portugal ("Portugal Insular") or simply The Islands ("As Ilhas").
Mainland Portugal has 89,015 km² or 96.6% of the national territory of 92,145 km² and 10,047,083 inhabitants or 95.1% of the total population of 10,561,614.

</doc>
<doc id="2855711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855711" title="Red Pine (author)">
Red Pine (author)

Bill Porter (born October 3, 1943) is an American author who translates under the pen-name Red Pine (). He is a translator and interpreter of Chinese texts, primarily Taoist and Buddhist, including poetry and Sūtras.
Early life.
Porter was born in Los Angeles and raised in mountainous Idaho. After serving three years in the U.S. Army (refusing assignment in Vietnam and subsequently being reassigned as a clerk in Germany), he took a degree in anthropology from University of California, Santa Barbara and went on to graduate studies in language (Chinese) and anthropology at Columbia University, but dropped out in 1972 to go to the Fo Kwang Shan Buddhist monastery in Taiwan.
Taoism and Buddhism.
In the years following, he lived in Taiwan and Hong Kong. Since 1989 he has traveled extensively in China, both as a journalist and on his own. He adopted a Chinese art name, "Red Pine" (赤松 "Chi Song"), after the legendary Taoist immortal. In 1993, after 22 years in East Asia, he returned to the US. In 1999 and 2000, he taught Buddhism and Taoism at the City of Ten Thousand Buddhas. He now lives in Port Townsend, Washington.
His book "Road to Heaven" prompted Edward A. Burger to seek out and study with Buddhist hermits in the Zhongnan mountains of China and direct the 2005 film "Amongst White Clouds".
In 2009, Copper Canyon Press published his translation of Lao-tzu's Taoteching. One of the most noteworthy aspects of this translation is Porter's use of excerpts from China's vast and rich commentarial tradition.
His most recent book is a translation of the Lankavatara Sutra ( "Lankavatara Sutra: Translation and Commentary." Counterpoint, 2012.) It is based on several early Chinese and Sanskrit translations including the Chinese translation made by Gunabhadra in 443

</doc>
<doc id="2855712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855712" title="Precious Fathers">
Precious Fathers

Precious Fathers is a Vancouver-based instrumental post-rock shoegazer ensemble, with members linked to other projects such as Destroyer, Loscil, Sparrow and The Battles.

</doc>
<doc id="2855722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855722" title="CPI Aero">
CPI Aero

CPI Aero is an aerospace and defense contractor headquartered in Edgewood, New York on Long Island.
CPI was founded in 1980 by two former executives of Grumman Corporation. It adopted its current name in January 2005, on its 25th anniversary, at the same time it relocated to its current facility which was nearly twice the size of its old location.
CPI manufactures structural aircraft parts for the Department of Defense, primarily for the United States Air Force. It primarily focuses on aircraft that are still in use by DoD, but where the original manufacturer no longer wishes to provide support. Aircraft for which CPI manufactures parts are the C-5 Galaxy, the A-10 Thunderbolt II, the T-38 Talon, and the E-3 Sentry. CPI outsources manufacturing of component parts and performs final assembly at its Edgewood facility.
CPI considers itself a "mini" prime contractor, in that it claims the ability to provide the technical expertise and program management required with larger DoD contracts, but without the sizeable overhead of the larger defense contractors. CPI is classified as a small business, and thus can compete for "set-aside" small business contracts and subcontracts. CPI claims to have a "win rate" (i.e., wins on competitive bids) of 13%, which it also claims to be well above the industry average of 5%.
In early 2004, CPI was awarded a major set-aside contract to supply C-5 wing tips, panels, and other parts (referred to as the TOPS contract). The potential value of this contract could be up to $215 million over the seven-year life of the contract. CPI was also selected as a "critical subcontractor" by Vought Aircraft Industries on Vought's "unrestricted" C-5 TOPS contract. However, orders under the TOPS contracts have been delayed pending government review of needs. During 2005, CPI announced that it has been given major subcontract orders from Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="2855723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855723" title="Plantsman">
Plantsman

A plantsman is an enthusiastic and knowledgeable gardener (amateur or professional), nurseryman or nurserywoman. "Plantsman" can refer to a male or female person, though the terms plantswoman, or even plantsperson, are sometimes used. 
The word is sometimes said to be synonymous with "horticulturist", but that indicates a professional involvement, whereas "plantsman" reflects an attitude to (and perhaps even an obsession with) plants. A horticulturist may be a plantsman, but a plantsman is not necessarily a horticulturist.
Defining the word.
In the first edition (June 1979) of The Plantsman (a specialist journal published by the Royal Horticultural Society), Sandra Raphael (then a senior editor in the Dictionary Department of the Oxford University Press) contributed a short article on the history and meaning of the word. Her first example came from an issue of the "Gardeners' Chronicle" of 1881, when it seemed to mean "A nurseryman, a florist" (in the early sense of "florist" as a grower and breeder of flowers, rather than the more recent meaning of someone who sells or arranges them). She added that a modern definition should point out that "plantsman" 
In her article, Raphael also quotes botanist David McClintock (writing in the Botanical Society of the British Isles' "BSBI News", December 1976) on how to distinguish a botanist from a plantsman, beginning with the simple definition:
Some notable plantsmen (and women).
John Tradescant the elder ("ca" 1570s–1638) and his son, John Tradescant the younger (1608–1662), must head the list of historic plantsmen. Charles de l'Ecluse, better known as Carolus Clusius (1526–1609), and Carolus Linnaeus (1707–1778) are other examples. These early botanists, who certainly grew (and sometimes had also collected) many of the plants they described, can be described as plantsmen (though such a term did not exist in their lifetimes). 
By contrast, adventurous plant-hunters such as David Douglas (1799–1834), who dedicated (and lost) his life to searching out and collecting plants from the wild, were seldom gardeners and rarely grew the plants they had collected, so perhaps do not count as plantsmen, despite their great knowledge and dedication. Augustine Henry (1857–1930) was a pioneering plant-collector in Western China in the late 19th century who became a professional forester in later life. On the other hand, EH Wilson (1876–1930), also famed for his work in China (to the extent that he was known as Ernest "Chinese" Wilson), began as a gardener and, after working at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, became a plant collector, first for James Veitch & Sons (nurserymen) and later for the Arnold Arboretum.
Irish nurseryman William Baylor Hartland (1836–1912) specialised in daffodils in the late 19th century from his nursery in Cork. He was also an authority on apples. Because of their in-depth knowledge, specialist plant-breeders can certainly be considered as plantsmen in their own fields (though the term is often taken to imply a more encyclopaedic interest in a wide range of plants). 
Influential garden writers such as William Robinson (1838–1935) and garden-designer Gertrude Jekyll (1843–1932) disseminated their knowledge of plants through their writing, as did a later generation of plant-lovers including Margery Fish (1892–1969) and Vita Sackville-West (1892–1962), whose garden at Sissinghurst Castle, created with her husband Harold Nicolson, is still one of the most popular in Britain and owned by the National Trust.
Reginald Farrer (1880–1920) was a notable plant-hunter and influential writer in the more specialised area of alpine plants and rock gardening.
Modern plantsmen.
Notable modern British plantsmen include Roy Lancaster, the late Christopher Lloyd of Great Dixter and Beth Chatto. American nurserymen plant-collectors who qualify for the title include Dan Heims of Terra Nova Nurseries, Dan Hinkley, co-founder of Heronswood (now an independent author, lecturer and horticultural consultant), and Tony Avent, owner of the renowned Plant Delights Nursery.
European candidates include Princess Greta Sturdza of Le Vasterival, near Dieppe; the late Robert and Jelena de Belder, the principal creators of Arboretum Kalmthout, Belgium; and influential Dutch garden designer Piet Oudolf, who has pioneered the use of "prairie-style" planting with bold drifts of perennials and grasses at gardens such as Scampston Hall, North Yorkshire and the RHS Garden, Wisley, Surrey in the UK and at Enköping in Sweden. Oudolf is designing a Garden of Remembrance for the victims of 9/11 in Battery Park (New York). 
Louis Benech (France) is also a famous plantsman.

</doc>
<doc id="2855729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855729" title="Karp–Lipton theorem">
Karp–Lipton theorem

In complexity theory, the Karp–Lipton theorem states that if the boolean satisfiability problem (SAT) can be solved by Boolean circuits with a polynomial number of logic gates, then 
That is, if we assume that NP, the class of nondeterministic polynomial time problems, can be contained in the non-uniform polynomial time complexity class P/poly, then this assumption implies the collapse of the polynomial hierarchy at its second level. Such a collapse is believed unlikely, so the theorem is generally viewed by complexity theorists as evidence for the nonexistence of polynomial size circuits for SAT or for other NP-complete problems. A proof that such circuits do not exist would imply that P ≠ NP. As P/poly contains all problems solvable in randomized polynomial time (Adleman's theorem), the Karp–Lipton theorem is also evidence that the use of randomization does not lead to polynomial time algorithms for NP-complete problems.
The Karp–Lipton theorem is named after Richard M. Karp and Richard J. Lipton, who first proved it in 1980. (Their original proof collapsed PH to formula_3, but Michael Sipser improved it to formula_4.)
Variants of the theorem state that, under the same assumption, MA = AM, and PH collapses to S2P (complexity) complexity class. There are stronger conclusions possible if PSPACE, or some other complexity classes are assumed to have polynomial-sized circuits; see P/poly. If NP is assumed to be a subset of BPP (which is a subset of P/poly), then the polynomial hierarchy collapses to BPP. If coNP is assumed to be subset of NP/poly, then the polynomial hierarchy collapses to its third level.
Intuition.
Suppose that polynomial sized circuits for SAT not only exist, but also that they could be constructed by a polynomial time algorithm. Then this supposition implies that SAT itself could be solved by a polynomial time algorithm that constructs the circuit and then applies it. That is, efficiently constructible circuits for SAT would lead to a stronger collapse, P = NP.
The assumption of the Karp–Lipton theorem, that these circuits exist, is weaker. But it is still possible for an algorithm in the complexity class formula_4 to "guess" a correct circuit for SAT. The complexity class formula_4 describes problems of the form
where formula_8 is any polynomial-time computable predicate. The existential power of the first quantifier in this predicate can be used to guess a correct circuit for SAT, and the universal power of the second quantifier can be used to verify that the circuit is correct. Once this circuit is guessed and verified, the algorithm in class formula_4 can use it as a subroutine for solving other problems.
Self-reducibility.
To understand the Karp–Lipton proof in more detail, we consider the problem of testing whether a circuit "c" is a correct circuit for solving SAT instances of a given size, and show that this circuit testing problem belongs to formula_10. That is, there exists a polynomial time computable predicate "V" such that "c" is a correct circuit if and only if, for all polynomially-bounded "z", "V"("c","z") is true.
The circuit "c" is a correct circuit for SAT if it satisfies two properties:
The first of these two properties is already in the form of problems in class formula_10. To verify the second property, we use the "self-reducibility" property of SAT.
Self-reducibility describes the phenomenon that, if we can quickly test whether a SAT instance is solvable, we can almost as quickly find an explicit solution to the instance. To find a solution to an instance "s", choose one of the Boolean variables "x" that is input to "s", and make two smaller instances "s"0 and "s"1 where "s""i" denotes the formula formed by replacing "x" with the constant "i". Once these two smaller instances have been constructed, apply the test for solvability to each of them. If one of these two tests returns that the smaller instance is satisfiable, continue solving that instance until a complete solution has been derived.
To use self-reducibility to check the second property of a correct circuit for SAT, we rewrite it as follows:
Thus, we can test in formula_10 whether "c" is a valid circuit for solving SAT.
see Random self-reducibility for more information
Proof of Karp–Lipton theorem.
The Karp–Lipton theorem can be restated as a result about Boolean formulas with polynomially-bounded quantifiers. Problems in formula_13 are described by formulas of this type, with the syntax
where formula_8 is a polynomial-time computable predicate. The Karp–Lipton theorem states that this type of formula can be transformed in polynomial time into an equivalent formula in which the quantifiers appear in the opposite order; such a formula belongs to formula_4. Note that the subformula
is an instance of SAT. That is, if "c" is a valid circuit for SAT, then this subformula is equivalent to the unquantified formula "c"("s"("x")). Therefore, the full formula for formula_18 is equivalent (under the assumption that a valid circuit "c" exists) to the formula
where "V" is the formula used to verify that "c" really is a valid circuit using self-reducibility, as described above. This equivalent formula has its quantifiers in the opposite order, as desired. Therefore, the Karp–Lipton assumption allows us to transpose the order of existential and universal quantifiers in formulas of this type, showing that formula_20 Repeating the transposition allows formulas with deeper nesting to be simplified to a form in which they have a single existential quantifier followed by a single universal quantifier, showing that formula_21
Another proof and S2P.
Assume formula_22. Thefore, there exists a family of circuits formula_23 that solves satisfability on input of length "n". Using self-reducibility, there exists a family of circuits formula_24 which outputs a satisfying assignment on true instances.
Suppose "L" is a formula_13 set
Since formula_27 can be considered an instance of SAT (by Cook-Levin theorem), there exists a circuit formula_24, depending on formula_29, such that the formula defining "L" is equivalent to
Furthermore, the circuit can be guessed with existential quantification:
Obviously () implies (). If (1) is false, then formula_30. In this case, no circuit "D" can output an assignment making formula_31 true.
The proof has shown that a formula_13 set formula_33 is in formula_4.
What more, if the formula_13 formula is true, then the circuit "D" will work against any "x". If the formula_13 formula is false, then "x" making the formula (1) false will work against any circuit. This property means a stronger collapse, namely to S complexity class (i.e. formula_37). It was observed by Sengupta.
AM = MA.
A modification of the above proof yields
(see Arthur–Merlin protocol).
Suppose that "L" is in AM, i.e.:
and as previously rewrite formula_27 using the circuit formula_24 that outputs a satisfying assignment if it exists:
Since formula_24 can be guessed:
which proves formula_33 is in the smaller class MA.
Application to circuit lower bounds – Kannan's theorem.
Kannan's theorem states that for any fixed "k" there exists a language formula_33 in formula_4, which is not in SIZE(nk) (This is a different statement than formula_51, which is currently open and states that there exists a single language that is not in SIZE(nk) for any "k"). It is a simple circuit lower bound.
Proof outline:
There exists a language formula_52 (the proof uses diagonalization technique). Consider two cases:
A stronger version of Karp–Lipton theorem strengthens Kannan's theorem to: for any "k", there exists a language formula_58.
It is also known that PP is not contained in formula_59, which was proved by Vinodchandran. Proof:

</doc>
<doc id="2855734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855734" title="WTQR">
WTQR

WTQR (Q104.1 FM) is a country music station licensed to Winston-Salem, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, including Greensboro and High Point. The Clear Channel Communications outlet broadcasts at 104.1 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW. It has studio facilities and offices located on Pai Park in Greensboro, and a transmitter site is located atop Sauratown Mountains near Pinnacle, North Carolina. They are one of three Country music outlets in the market; WPAW and WBRF are the others.
History.
By 1958 WSJS-FM moved to its current frequency and became the sister station to WSJS-TV & AM.
WSJS-FM played classical and semi-classical music after the owners of WAAA purchased WYFS, and offered an Easy listening format until 1974. 
WSJS-AM, WSJS-FM and WSJS-TV had been owned by Piedmont Publishing, owners of The Winston-Salem Journal and The Twin City Sentinel, Winston-Salem's two newspapers, until 1969. Gordon Gray, who had owned the newspapers and the broadcast stations, wanted to sell the FM station. However, Roger Stockton believed in the future of FM while most people did not. Stockton spent 22 years at WSJS and WTQR, starting by selling commercials, and was WSJS sales manager by 1969. WSJS was number one in the Triad, and manangement feared losing that status if the FM became popular. Curly Howard of WKBX told Stockton he should do country on FM, and Summit Communications president Lee Wallenhaupt and executive vice president Richard Barron supported letting Stockton take the FM station in a new direction. For one thing, country music was changing from a "twangy" sound to one based on orchestras. Stockton sold national advertising but aired it for free at first, charging advertisers once the station proved itself. By 1976, WTQR was number one in the market, though WSJS held on to the top spot among AMs. Stockton became vice president and general manager of the radio stations in 1979, staying until the stations were sold.
In January 1987, Summit Communications Inc. was in the process of selling WSJS and WTQR.
In Fall 1989, WTQR was still number one as usual in the Arbitron ratings, but not by as large a margin as before. 
Dale Mitchell and Aunt Eloise (revealed in 2008 to be Toby Young), morning hosts on WTQR for three years, were nominated for Country Music Association Broadcast Personality of the Year in 1990. Before discussing "everything from politics to 'possums" they would bang pots and pans. Billy Buck was Aunt Eloise's partner before moving to WBIG. "Big Paul" Franklin and Aunt Eloise, who teamed up in 1994, won the CMA Morning Show of the Year award (large markets) in 1997, and WTQR won Station of the Year (large markets) in 1998 and 2002. In March 1998, Big Paul and Aunt Eloise began airing their show on WSOC-FM in Charlotte, North Carolina. some shows were done from Winston-Salem, and some from Charlotte. The pairing lasted less than a year. Big Paul, whose real name was Paul Fuller Jr., died in a motorcycle crash May 16, 2002 on Highway 64 outside Asheboro, North Carolina. "Brother Bill" Dotson and Aunt Eloise were nominated for a CMA award in 2005. Aunt Eloise dismissed in 2008, replaced by Jeff Roper and Angie Ward, who were nominated for Academy of Country Music and Country Music Association broadcast personalities of the year (large markets) in 2009. Despite critical accolades, "Jeff Roper In The Morning" ratings in key demographics began to deteriorate. Jeff Roper resigned in February 2012 after his show had consistently lost to the market's competing country morning show at WPAW.
NewMarket Media Corp. sold WSJS and WTQR to Radio Equity Partners of Norwalk, Connecticut, in a deal completed in April 1994 and worth in excess of $100 million, as the Connecticut company expanded into the Southeast, looking for the best stations possible. Later in 1994, Radio Equity Partners also bought WNEU, switching that station from country to modern rock. Clear Channel bought WSJS, WTQR and WSML. That company's purchase of AMFM Inc. added WMFR, WMAG and the market's other country radio station, WHSL, in 2000, though Clear Channel sold WMFR, WSJS, and WSML to Infinity Broadcasting. At the end of 2000, WHSL and WXRA traded frequencies, and WXRA became WWCC, a more classic-leaning station than WTQR; that station changed from country early in 2003. Also at the end of 2000, WTQR moved from Winston-Salem to Greensboro, the last commercial FM to do so.
In Spring 1995, although still number one with all listeners 12 and over, WTQR lost to WKZL among listeners ages 25 to 54 in the morning. A year later, WKZL did it again, this time also winning with the same age group for all daytime hours. In Fall 1996, WTQR lost to WQMG among the 25-to-54 audience. WTQR finally lost its top position (to WJMH) among all listeners in Fall 1998, for the first time since Greensboro, High Point and Winston-Salem became one market in the 1970s. In Spring 2008, WTQR was no longer the number one country station among all listeners, having been replaced by WPAW, which went country in October 2006.
On August 5, 2011 at exactly 1:04 PM EDT, WTQR relaunched as Q104.1, with the commitment to play more contemporary country music. The station had been "under construction" for most of the summer, and a relaunch/rebranding had been in the works. Changes included Angie Ward as the lone holdover after the relaunch, moving from mornings to midday. David Dean joined the station in January 2012 as APD/afternoon host. Tige & Daniel joined in April 2012 for mornings. Evenings are hosted by Dusty.
By February 2012 WTQR had climbed into a virtual dead heat with WPAW for the country crown among adults P25-54. In July WTQR pulled into the lead where it remains.
Sports programs.
WTQR was a local affiliate for NASCAR Sprint Cup Series racing, carrying MRN events & programs until 2011, and PRN events & programs until 2000.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="2855739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855739" title="Red Dress">
Red Dress

It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855741" title="AMD mobile platform">
AMD mobile platform

The AMD mobile platform is an open platform for laptops from AMD. Though little marketing was done on this platform, it has been competing with the Centrino platform in the segment to gain more marketshare. Each platform has its own specification, catching up the latest technology developments. Since the acquisition of ATI, AMD began to include Mobility Radeon GPUs and AMD chipsets as part of the requirements of the mobile platform; the first of such platforms is the "Puma" platform.
Open platform approach.
On February 2007, AMD had announced the "Better by Design" initiative to continue the success of the open platform approach for desktop back in early 2003 after the launch of Athlon 64 processors with a lack of chipset being developed by AMD, and open the platform to chipset vendors such as VIA, SiS, NVIDIA and from AMD subsidiary ATI. The initiative also includes platforms succeeding the "Kite Refresh" mobile platform.
Under the "Better by Design" initiative, AMD introduced a three-cell arrow sticker to identify mobile platform products, which the top cell being the processor (as Turion 64 X2). The middle cell for graphics accelerators as NVIDIA or ATI (as a result of retaining the use of "ATI Radeon" branding for graphics ), including onboard graphics (IGP), while the last cell representing the wireless (Wi-fi, IEEE 802.11 standard) or LAN solutions, provided by one of the following companies: Airgo, Atheros, Broadcom, Marvell, Qualcomm, and Realtek.
The stickers to be used will be further classified by the system performance according to the processor performance, and into five classes, each having different colours as well as different logos for each component, listed as follows:
Market analysis.
According to AMD figures in December 2007, AMD mobile platform gained 19% unit share in the market and about 23% revenue share of the firm during Q3 2007 while competing with the Intel Centrino platform. Figures for Q1 and Q2 2007 are 15% and 17% unit share, accounting for 14% and 16% of the company's revenue respectively.
AMD's mobile platform, even as recent as the Turion 64 X2 platform, has been criticized as consistently performing worse than Intel's Centrino in all areas: system speed, heat dissipation, and battery life.
Implementations.
Initial platform (2003).
Launched in 2003, the initial platform for mobile AMD processors consists of:
Kite platform (2006).
Introduced in 2006, the "Kite" platform consists of:
Kite Refresh platform (2007).
AMD used Kite Refresh as the codenamed for the second-generation AMD mobile platform introduced in February 2007.
Puma platform (2008).
The "Puma" platform introduced in 2008 with June 2008 availability for the third-generation AMD mobile platform consists of:
Yukon platform (2009).
The "Yukon" platform was introduced on January 8, 2009 with expected April availability for the first AMD Ultrathin Platform targeting the ultra-portable notebook market.
Congo platform (2009).
The "Congo" platform was introduced on September 2009, as the second AMD Ultrathin Platform targeting the ultra-portable notebook market.
Tigris platform (2009).
The "Tigris" platform introduced in September 2009 for the AMD Mainstream Notebook Platform consists of:
Nile platform (2010).
The "Nile" platform introduced on May 12, 2010 for the third AMD Ultrathin Platform consists of:
Danube platform (2010).
The "Danube" platform introduced on May 12, 2010 for the AMD Mainstream Notebook Platform consists of:
Brazos (Fusion) platform (2011).
The AMD low-power platform introduced on January 4, 2011, is designed for HD netbooks and other emerging form factors. It features the 40 nm C-Series (formerly codenamed Ontario, a 9-watt APU for netbooks and small form factor desktops and devices) and E-Series (formerly codenamed Zacate, an 18-watt TDP APU for ultrathin, mainstream, and value notebooks as well as desktops and all-in-ones) APUs.
Both low-power APU versions feature two Bobcat x86 cores and fully support DirectX11, DirectCompute (Microsoft programming interface for GPU computing) and OpenCL (cross-platform programming interface standard for multi-core x86 and accelerated GPU computing). Both also include UVD 3 dedicated hardware acceleration for HD video including 1080p resolutions. This platform consists of:
Sabine (Fusion) platform (2011).
The "Sabine" platform introduced on June 30, 2011 for the AMD Mainstream Notebook Platform consists of:
Comal (Fusion) platform (2012).
The "Comal" platform introduced on May 15, 2012 for the AMD Mainstream Notebook Platform consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="2855754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855754" title="Kramer (musician)">
Kramer (musician)

Mark Kramer (born 1958), known professionally as Kramer, is a musician, composer, record producer and founder of the New York City record label Shimmy-Disc. He was a full-time member of the bands New York Gong, Shockabilly, Bongwater and Dogbowl & Kramer, has played on tour (usually on bass guitar) with bands such as Butthole Surfers, B.A.L.L., Ween, Half Japanese and The Fugs (1984 reunion tour), and has also performed regularly with John Zorn and other improvising musicians of New York City's so-called "downtown scene" of the 1980s.
Kramer's most notable work as a producer has been with bands such as Galaxie 500 (whose entire oeuvre he produced), Low (whom he discovered and produced), Half Japanese, White Zombie, GWAR, King Missile, Danielson Famile, Will Oldham, Daniel Johnston, and Urge Overkill, including their hit cover of "Girl, You'll Be a Woman Soon".
Early music career.
Kramer's first experience in the New York music scene came when he played in the band New York Gong, led by Daevid Allen, in 1979 and 1980. Kramer played organ on one song on their 1979 album "About Time".
In 1980, Kramer joined the band The Chadbournes, led by Eugene Chadbourne, which also included David Licht, Tom Cora and John Zorn. They played together until Chadbourne, Kramer and Licht formed the band Shockabilly, which toured from 1982 until 1985. The pressures of living on the road led to personal differences between Kramer and Chadbourne. The band dissolved while on a US tour early in 1985. That tour included a brief tour of Texas with the then-unknown Butthole Surfers. Forging a close friendship with co-founding Butthole Surfers members Gibby Haynes and Paul Leary, Kramer was available when the band needed to replace their bassist. Kramer bought a Höfner Beatle bass and joined the Butthole Surfers' debut European tour in 1985.
Production and studio.
After touring, Kramer took over a New York recording studio named "Noise New York", using a loan of $5,000 from an uncle. The studio was to serve as a mainstay for artists and bands both local and international, and Kramer became one of the busiest indie music producers in NYC. The first recording at Noise New York was the Buttholes' rendition of "American Woman".
Kramer formed the record label Shimmy-Disc two years later in 1987, and enjoyed critical acclaim, releasing albums including "Songs from the Pink Death". The label remained a favorite at college radio stations for the next decade. Shimmy-Disc artists included Bongwater, King Missile, GWAR, Naked City, Ruins, Boredoms, Damon & Naomi, Daniel Johnston, White Zombie, Yellow Plastic Bucket and Ween.
Bongwater.
In the early 1980s Kramer met Ann Magnuson, New York City performance artist, when he ran the sound for a band she was in, Pulsallama, during their frequent performances at Club 57. After Pulsallama disbanded in 1984, the two began to collaborate, and in 1986 they formed Bongwater. Together they released five LPs, including "Double Bummer", and culminating with their 1991 swansong, "The Big Sell-Out". In 1991 they began a romantic relationship while Kramer was separated from his estranged wife, who was at that point three months pregnant with their daughter. After several months, Kramer decided to end the romantic relationship and reconcile with his wife, and the end of the relationship also spelled the end of the band. Several months later, Magnuson sued Kramer for $4.5 million for breach of contract, among other charges, and Kramer responded with a counter-suit. The subsequent legal battle resulted in the financial crippling of the Shimmy-Disc label, which never recovered. The lawsuits were eventually settled out of court in 1997 for undisclosed terms.
Association with Penn & Teller.
A pivotal moment in Kramer's early career came when Jad Fair of Half Japanese introduced him to Penn & Teller. Kramer soon found himself working eight shows per week as Sound Consultant on Penn & Teller's 1987 Broadway show, and composing the music for their "Cruel Tricks for Dear Friends" special. In 1992, Kramer formed the band the Captain Howdy with Penn Jillette, and together with guest artists Debbie Harry (of Blondie) and Billy West, they made two highly eclectic CDs together, both released on Shimmy-Disc. Following Penn's permanent relocation to Las Vegas in 1997, the group disbanded.
Collaboration with other artists.
In 1988 Kramer and Fair released the record "Roll Out the Barrel" together on Kramer's Shimmy-Disc label. They reunited in 1998 and published the record "The Sound of Music. An Unfinished Symphony in 12 Parts" that year.
In 1990 Kramer first met the two-man band Ween when they played a show at a small New York club, the Pyramid Club. Kramer struck up a friendship with the two, who had already been fans of the Shimmy-Disc label, and he convinced them to release their home-recorded demos on Shimmy-Disc, on what became the 1991 album "The Pod". In 1992 the three went on a brief tour of England, where Kramer played bass. The tour did not go well, due to personality and creative differences between Kramer and the two members of Ween, although Ween band member Mickey Melchiondo said in a 2007 interview that "we're still friends".
Changes in ownership of studio and record label.
In 1992 Kramer sold his Noise New York recording studio and moved just across the Hudson River, where he'd found a house going into foreclosure with a state-of-the-art 24-track recording studio built in. He dubbed the studio Noise New Jersey, and continued to produce recordings there, including, most famously, Urge Overkill's cover of "Girl, You'll Be a Woman Soon". However, family illness and personal challenges weighed on him during these years, and the pressures of balancing his profile as an artist with his work as a producer and label head proved too heavy. Though it was during this time that he produced some of his greatest recordings, the consistency of his output had begun to suffer. It was at this point in time that Kramer began to look for a way to move the day-to-day management of Shimmy-Disc into what he had hoped in vain would be more able hands.
Shortly following the sale of Shimmy Disc and his recording facility to the Knitting Factory in 1998 (in which he was contracted to play a continuing role in the label as producer and Director of A&R), Kramer sued the Knitting Factory for breach of contract and soon found himself without a creative base for the first time in his professional career. This experience left him emotionally devastated and looking to exit the music business without delay. He did so immediately following his last European tour in November 1999, dubbed "The Last Tour of the Century", which, according to "Magnet" magazine, was "a creative flop and a financial bust."
Film and theater.
Envisioning a complete about-face, Kramer turned to his lifelong passion in film and theater, and in late 2000 he began studying directing under film and stage director Arthur Penn, whom he had met in 1989 when Penn directed "Penn & Teller Get Killed". Kramer spent the better part of four years at New York's Actors Studio, where, in addition to learning directing, he did sound design and music for various productions at the Actors Studio Free Theater on 42nd street. This phase of Kramer's career culminated in 2002 when he composed the music for Fortune's Fool, the Tony Award-winning Broadway play directed by Arthur Penn and starring Alan Bates and Frank Langella, both of whom swept the Broadway acting awards for that year. Kramer had just been appointed assistant director on Arthur Penn's next Broadway play ("Sly Fox") when his mother Rosalyn was stricken with a debilitating stroke, which drew him to Florida in 2003. She died 16 months later of complications thereof.
Work with the James Randi Educational Foundation.
After moving to Ft. Lauderdale area, Kramer worked for the James Randi Educational Foundation from 2004 until February, 2006. His main job was to manage the foundation's One Million Dollar Paranormal Challenge with a million dollar prize to anyone who could demonstrate paranormal ability (the money remains unawarded.) Kramer also maintained the foundation's video library and oversaw the digital transfer of over 700 archival VHS tapes to DVD, comprising the most complete document of the life and career of James Randi.
Recent activities.
Kramer is associated with the formation of the so-called "slowcore" movement, thanks mainly to his production work for two seminal bands of the era: Low, and Galaxie 500. He continues to produce, mix and master a great variety of artists worldwide.
Kramer operates a private CD/LP mastering and mixing studio in Florida. In 2006 he announced the return of his record company, under the new name "Second-Shimmy". The debut release in October 2006 was "I Killed the Monster - 21 Artists Performing the Songs by Daniel Johnston", featuring performances by Dot Allison, Fair & Kramer, Daniel Smith & Sufjan Stevens, Kimya Dawson, R. Stevie Moore, Major Matt Mason USA, Jeff Lewis, Joy Zipper, among others.
In 2006, Kramer worked on the LP "Exaltation of Larks", a solo release from Dot Allison. The LP was released in September 2007 on Cooking Vinyl in the UK and P-Vine in Japan.
Kramer premiered his composition "Things to Come" in Tokyo in 2007. Hoping to perform the piece annually, he has subsequently performed it in Tel Aviv in 2008, Melbourne in 2009 and Paris in 2010. In January 2008 Kramer toured with Fair; 14 cities in 14 days in Japan with Mike Watt and Samm Bennett in a "dueling bass" trio called Brother's Sister's Daughter.
In 2012 Kramer released "The Brill Building" on Zorn's Tzadik label, an album of cover songs written in the Brill Building in the early 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="2855758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855758" title="Illinois Route 155">
Illinois Route 155

Illinois Route 155 is an east–west state highway in southwestern Illinois. It runs from Fort de Chartres – outside of Prairie du Rocher – to Illinois Route 3 in Ruma. This is a distance of approximately .
Route description.
Illinois 155 serves as a spur from Illinois Route 3 through Prairie du Rocher and on to Fort de Chartres. It is recognized as a spur of the Great River Road. It is also part of the Lincoln Heritage Trail. Illinois 155 is a two-lane road from Fort de Chartres all the way to Illinois 3.
History.
Illinois Route 155 was established in 1924 with the second batch of SBI routes. Its route has not changed since 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="2855767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855767" title="Shirley LeFlore">
Shirley LeFlore

Shirley LeFlore is one of St. Louis' most influential performance art poets. Before she became a board member for Word In Motion, she split her time between performances in New York City and teaching creative writing at the University of Missouri–St. Louis. One of the premiere women's voices in St. Louis, Shirley has been a part of many underground activists poetry organizations including the Black Artists' Group and Harmony. A book of her poetry is scheduled for release, and she has received the Warrior Poet Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2855774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855774" title="Hozumi Hasegawa">
Hozumi Hasegawa

Boxing career.
Born as the second of five children in Nishiwaki, Hyōgo, Hasegawa made his professional debut in 1999. Despite losing two four-round fights by decision early in his career, he defeated Jesse Maca by 12-round decision in 2003 to win the OPBF bantamweight title, which he defended three times before returning the belt on December 20, 2004.
Bantamweight.
Hasegawa fought long-time champion Veeraphol Sahaprom on April 16, 2005 at Nippon Budokan. Sahaprom had defended the WBC bantamweight title fifteen times over six years, and had not been defeated for almost a decade. Hasegawa fought effectively, leading the first four rounds, before Sahaprom fought back to win the middle rounds. Sahaprom tired in the later rounds, allowing Hasegawa to become more aggressive, shaking Sahaprom in Round 10. The fight went to a decision, and the judges gave Hasegawa a 3-0 victory, ending Sahaprom's long reign over the bantamweight division.
Hasegawa made his first title defense on September 25, 2005 at Yokohama Arena. Hasegawa was originally scheduled to fight WBC top-ranked contender Diego Morales. However, Morales backed out of the fight due to an injury, and the eighth-ranked contender, Geraldo Martinez, was hastily called up as a substitute. Hasegawa had been sparring with southpaws in preparation to fight Morales, who was a southpaw, but the change to Martinez meant he would now be fighting an orthodox style fighter. Hasegawa took an early lead in the fight, knocking Martinez down twice in the 2nd round (ruled as slips by the referee), and once in the 3rd round. Hasegawa put Martinez down again early in the 7th with a dazzling left straight, and the fight erupted into a massive slugfest between the two fighters. Hasegawa knocked Martinez down two more times in the same round, prompting the referee to stop the fight. Hasegawa marked his first title defense with a TKO victory. This was also the day of his wedding anniversary.
On March 25, 2006, Hasegawa returned to fight in his hometown, Kobe, for the first time after becoming world champion. Hasegawa's opponent for his second title defense was again Veeraphol Sahaprom, who had compiled five consecutive wins to become the top-ranked WBC contender after losing his title to Hasegawa a year ago. It was rumored that Sahaprom had not been in top condition when he lost to Hasegawa, and many speculated that Sahaprom had not fought to the best of his ability in the previous fight. Both fighters started off slowly, but Hasegawa's shots gradually began to land on Sahaprom, and almost knocked out Sahaprom with a powerful left uppercut in the 6th. Sahaprom fought back in the 7th and 8th rounds, landing body shots, but Hasegawa landed a stunning right hook only ten seconds into the 9th round to knock out Sahaprom. Since Hasegawa suffered a left sternal fracture in June 2006, the scheduled defense on July 15 was postponed.
The third title defense took place on November 13, 2006, at Nippon Budokan, where Hasegawa first won the title. The challenger was Mexican fighter Genaro Garcia, ranked 1st in the WBC. Hasegawa knocked Garcia down with a left uppercut in the 4th round, but Garcia showed surprising resilience, landing powerful body shots in the middle rounds. Hasegawa suffered a light cut in the 7th round, which was worsened by a head-butt from Garcia in the 8th. Hasegawa managed to knock down Garcia again in the 8th, though his own face was covered with blood, and his eye was practically sealed shut from the cut. Hasegawa showed able defensive skills to ride out the 12th round, and won with a unanimous 3-0 decision. After the fight, Hasegawa was visited by WBC Super Flyweight Champion Masamori Tokuyama, who gave Hasegawa a hand-written letter challenging him for his bantamweight title. If the fight with Tokuyama had taken place, it would have been a huge match-up between two Japan-based world champions, but Hasegawa declined the offer, wanting to fight non-Japanese challengers instead. Tokuyama retired shortly afterwards.
Hasegawa fought undefeated challenger Simpiwe Vetyeka of South Africa on May 3, 2007, for the fourth defense of his title. Very little was known about the challenger, Vetyeka, except that he had an undefeated record (16-0-0), and had defended the South African bantamweight title five times, winning four of those fights by knockout. He was also said to have compiled an exceptional career in the amateur ring. The fight itself was rather anticlimactic, as there had been huge excitement about the May 3 card, which featured two other world title matchups. Both Hasegawa and Vetyeka wanted to land counter punches, leading to a great deal of inactivity from both sides. Neither fighter seemed willing to expose themselves, and few hard punches were thrown in the early rounds of the fight. The open scoring system was used in the fight, and Hasegawa was leading in the judges' scorecards going into the later rounds, but Vetyeka continued to lay back and wait for Hasegawa to attack. Hasegawa finally stepped up to decisively win the final two rounds, and won his fourth defense with a unanimous decision. There was some frustration after the fight, because both Hasegawa and Vetyeka complained that one of the advertisements in the middle of the ring was causing their feet to slip. This was the first world title defense where Hasegawa was unable to knock down his opponent in the fight.
Hasegawa defended his title for the fifth time on January 10, 2008 with a 12-round unanimous decision victory against top-ranked WBC contender Simone Maludrottu. Hasegawa had transferred to the newly established Shinsei Boxing Gym in Kobe along with its founder and his trainer, Masato Yamashita, during the 8 month layoff since his last defense. Despite suffering a cut above his right eye early in the fight, Hasegawa dominated the fight to win by unanimous decision. This made him the first Japanese boxer to have defended a bantamweight world title over four times.
He defended it again for the sixth time, defeating Venezuela's Cristian Faccio with a 2nd round TKO on June 12, 2008.
Hasegawa fought on October 16, 2008 where he defended his title for the 7th time by taking on Mexican prospect Alejandro Valdez. Hasegawa won the fight by technical knockout in the second round.
His 8th title defense was a lot more impressive as he stopped Vusi Malinga in a single round on March 12, 2009.
He defended it again for the 9th time, defeating USA's Nestor Rocha with a 1st round TKO on July 14, 2009.
He defended his title for the tenth time by knocking out Alvaro Perez on December 12, 2009.
Title run comes to an end.
On April 30, 2010, Hasegawa challenged WBO 118-pound champion Fernando Montiel of Mexico. Although Montiel holds a title in the same division, it was not on the line because of JBC policy. At the bout, Hasegawa won the first three rounds, frustrating the Mexican visitor. In the fourth round Montiel managed to land an attack on Hasegawa, leaving the hometown fighter vulnerable for more blows. The referee declared an end and this was Hasegawa's first knockout loss. Aside from losing the match and the title, Hasegawa also suffered a shattered jaw. The injury was caused not by Montiel's barrage of attacks in the 4th round but by an impact Hasegawa took in the 1st.
Featherweight.
Following the bout with Montiel, Hasegawa went up two weight divisions and fight Juan Carlos Burgos for the vacant WBC featherweight crown on November 26, 2010 and won the WBC Featherweight Championship.
After being dethroned by Jhonny González in April 2011, Hasegawa hired a new trainer Frankie Liles in November 2011, in addition to his long-time trainer Yamashita, and has intensely trained with them.
Hasegawa was slated to make his return to the ring against the undefeated Mexican featherweight Carlos Felipe Felix on December 17, 2011. 
However, a broken right rib that he sustained during training caused the bout to be postponed until April 6, 2012. He stopped the opponent in the seventh round in that comeback appearance.
Super bantamweight.
In October 2012, it was announced that Hasegawa would move down a weight division to super bantamweight in his next fight in December. He defeated Arturo Santos Reyes via a unanimous decision in Kobe on December 22, 2012. Hasegawa told that he had needed two years after winning the featherweight title to recapture his early style. He had suffered from lack of motivation to continue fighting during the two years after the death of his dearest mother and the tragedy of the aftermath of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan.
Hasegawa will face Genaro Camargo in a 125 round ten round bout in Tokyo on August 12, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2855778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855778" title="Laura Rodríguez">
Laura Rodríguez

Laura Fiora Rodríguez Riccomini (1957-1992) was a Chilean political activist from the Humanist Party. In 1989 she became the world's first Humanist to win a seat in parliament, after claiming victory as part of the "Concertación" coalition.
Rodríguez was born in Santiago, Chile. She married Darío Ergas in 1978. She was active in and eventually became president of the Community for Human Development. She graduated as engineer from the University of Chile in 1983.
Rodríguez was co-founder of the Humanist Party in 1984 and was president of the party in 1990. She was elected to the Chilean parliament in 1989 for the La Reina-Peñalolén electoral district.
Rodríguez died of cancer in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2855787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855787" title="Shadowmancer">
Shadowmancer

Shadowmancer is a fantasy novel by Graham Taylor (better known as GP Taylor), first published privately in 2002. It is a Christian allegory in the form of a fantasy adventure, akin to C. S. Lewis' "The Chronicles of Narnia". Taylor wrote the book to counteract what he saw as a rise in atheist propaganda in children's books such as "His Dark Materials". It is the first of four books generally referred to as The Shadowmancer Quartet. The book was a number one best seller in the UK and the US.
Two thematic sequels named "Wormwood" and "Tersias" were also released soon after. A direct sequel named "" that follows on where "Shadowmancer" left off was released in 2006.
The book has garnered some controversy for its negative portrayal of witches and pagans, whom it claims have been tricked by and worship the Devil. Despite this, Taylor claims to be "an authority on Wicca and paganism".
Plot summary.
The story takes place in Whitby and concerns the evil sorcerer Reverend Obadiah Demurral who is seeking two powerful amulets, called the Keruvim, which he plans to use to control the elements and dominate the world.
At the start of the book he purchases the first Keruvim (which takes the form of a golden statuette of a cherub) from an Ethiopian mercenary named Gebra Nubera.
He then uses the Keruvim to destroy a ship upon which the next Keruvim is prophesied to arrive, but when he surveys the wreckage he finds nothing.
The next day an Ethiopian boy named Raphah arrives searching for the Keruvim. He befriends the main character, an urchin named Thomas and reveals that he is a messenger from God (referred to as Riathamus here), and that Demurral is a Shadowmancer, a sorcerer who can control the dead. Despite not believing in God, Thomas agrees to assist Raphah in regaining the Keruvim because he wants revenge on Demurral for evicting him and his dying mother from their home.
They pursue Demurral and the Keruvim with the assistance of Thomas's tomboy friend Kate and the mysterious smuggler, Jacob Crane. During the story, Thomas, Kate and Jacob Crane, who all for their own individual reasons did not believe in God, do come to believe in him.
Eventually it is revealed that, in using the Keruvim, Demurral has unleashed a demonic race called the Glashan who were imprisoned at the dawn of time for rebelling against God. Led by the evil Pyratheon (the Devil), they join forces with Demurral so that they can find the other Keruvim and harness its power to overthrow God and rule the universe.
It is eventually revealed that Raphah is the other Keruvim, so Demurral and Pyratheon try to capture him, so that they can kill him and turn him into an Azimuth (a slave spirit) in order to activate the Keruvim's full power.
At the climax of the story Thomas, Kate and Raphah meet an angel referred to as a Seruvim (a play on the word Seraphim) named Raphael, who goes by the alias Abram Rickards. A showdown takes place in Demurral's church during which Raphah is killed and Pyratheon obtains the Keruvim. He recites the incantation to activate its power and the world is temporarily plunged into night. Pyratheon thinks he has succeeded in stealing the power of God and gloats. However Abram then reveals that while Raphah is dead it has no power and all Pyratheon has done is meddle with time. After Abram restores life to Raphah, the sun rises, Abram is revealed in his true form and Pyratheon and Demurral flee.
Abram tells Thomas, Kate and Jacob Crane to take the Keruvim away to another land so they leave aboard Crane's ship, "The Magenta". However, in the closing page of the book it is revealed that they are being stealthily pursued by sea-demons known as Seloth.
Other media.
Special edition.
A special edition of "Shadowmancer" was released in 2003 containing an extra chapter that carried on where the book had left off. In the extra chapter Raphah and the Keruvim are snatched by the Seloth. Special editions of "Wormwood" and "Tersias" were also released.
Film rights.
In 2004, a $4 million deal with Taylor was announced for the making of a $100 million film version by Fortitude Films, backed by Universal Pictures. Fortitude made it known that they wanted Mel Gibson to direct, with Donald Sutherland playing Demurral and Sean Bean as Jacob Crane. Fortitude paid Taylor $1 million for "Shadowmancer" and $1.8 million for "Wormwood".
Locations.
Reverend Obadiah Demurral’s vicarage is based on the main building of Fyling Hall School.
Sequel.
At the end of "Shadowmancer", the effects of Pyratheon's use of the Keruvim to distort time and reality is also the beginning of G. P. Taylor's follow-up novel, "Wormwood". The book's main protagonist, Dr. Sabian Blake, is studying the comet Wormwood when the sky-quake from the north hits the city of London.
Other uses.
Shadowmancer was the name of a heavy metal band based in Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="2855801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855801" title="Isaac Grünewald">
Isaac Grünewald

Isaac Grünewald (2 September 1889 - 22 May 1946) was a Swedish-Jewish expressionist painter born in Stockholm. He was the leading and central name in the first generation of Swedish modernists from 1910 up until his death in 1946, in other words during almost his entire career spanning four decades. He was a highly productive painter as well as a writer and public speaker.
Biography.
Having studied at an influential Swedish art school for three years, at age 19 Grünewald travelled to Paris where he soon began studies at Henri Matisse's academy. In 1909 he gained recognition in his homeland when he exhibited his work with a group of Scandinavian artists known as The Young Ones.
He met his future wife Sigrid Hjertén in 1909 and encouraged her to study painting with him in Paris. Having married in 1911, Grünewald and Hjertén from 1912 on regularly exhibited together at home and abroad. Art historians nowadays often cite them as being responsible for introducing modernism to Sweden. At a time in history when anti-Semitism was both widespread and politically correct and women artists were frowned upon, their works were often the subject of ridicule in the press. In fact, recent research has shown that Grünewald who became the center of public controversy numerous times was the number one target of anti-Semitism in the Swedish press between 1910 and 1926. 
Despite or because of his role as the leading and most controversial pioneer in Swedish modernism in his days, in Swedish journalism and literature, he is still sometimes being portrayed as, in effect, the embodiment of a classic Jewish caricature, with insinuations of his not having earned his success fairly; being an insignificant Matisse imitator as an artist but a genius as a businessman.
In the 1920s, Grünewald began reaping major commercial successes. He created stage designs for the Royal Swedish Opera and other theaters. In 1925-26, he decorated the walls and ceiling in the minor hall (since renamed Grünewald Hall) at the Stockholm Concert Hall, site of the Nobel Prize ceremony, and in 1928 the walls of the Matchstick Palace. 
Grünewald was a professor at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts between 1932 and 1942 and in 1941 he opened his own art school. During the Second World War Grünewald worked at the renowned Rörstrand porcelain factory. 
His wife Sigrid Hjertén suffered from lifelong mental health problems that resulted in her being hospitalized for extended periods in the 1930s. Grünewald divorced Hjertén, who was then hospitalized permanently, in 1937 and remarried. In 1946 he and his second wife Märta Grundell were killed in an airplane crash. Grünewald was the father of three sons born in 1910, 1911 and 1940.
Manifesto.
The author of numerous essays on art, during his influential 1918 exhibit at Stockholm's Liljevalchs Konsthall Isaac Grünewald published his manifesto The New Renaissance.
Commercial value.
According to the Swedish copyright organization BUS, Grünewald is still the single artist whose sales bring the highest yearly income to Swedish art dealers among the modernists. At Stockholm auctionist Bukowski's spring auction in 2009, one of Grünewald's lesser known paintings was sold for 2,65 million crowns - about 340 000 US dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="2855802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855802" title="Joseph Devlin">
Joseph Devlin

Joseph Devlin, also known as Joe Devlin, (13 February 1871 – 18 January 1934) was an Irish journalist and influential nationalist politician. He was a member of parliament (MP) for the Irish Parliamentary Party in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and later a Nationalist Party MP in the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Early years.
Born at 10 Hamill Street, in the Lower Falls area of Belfast, he was the fifth child of Charles Devlin (d. 1906) who ran a hackney cab, and his wife Eliza King (d. 1902) who sold groceries from their home. Until he was twelve he attended the nearby St. Mary's Christian Brothers School in Divis Street, where he was educated in a more 'national' and 'catholic' view of Irish history and culture than offered in the state system.
He showed an early gift for public speaking when he became chairman of a debating society founded in 1886 to commemorate the first nationalist election victory in West Belfast. From 1891–1893 he was a journalist on the "Irish News", then on the "Freeman's Journal" when he became associated with the Ancient Order of Hibernians (AOH) which he helped to re-establish in 1890s becoming spokesman for the Catholic population and a lifelong opponent of its counterpart, the Orange Order. He then worked at Samuel Young MP's brewery for whom he managed a Belfast pub, which sustained him until 1902.
Skilled politician.
During the 1890s he was active as organiser in the anti-Parnellite Irish National Federation in eastern Ulster. When William O'Brien founded the United Irish League (UIL) in County Mayo in 1898, Devlin founded the UIL section in Belfast which became his political machine in Ulster. He was elected unopposed as Irish Parliamentary Party (IPP) Member of Parliament for Kilkenny North in the February 1902 by-election. His first political assignment came that year when the Party sent him to Irish Americas on the first of several successful fund-raising missions.
It was there that he encountered the power of the Hibernian Orders and on his return set about claiming it for constitutional nationalism, when in 1904 he became lifelong Grandmaster of the AOH in Ireland. Members of his Order, largely composed of earlier members of the Molly Maguires, a militant secret society also known as "the Mollies", also became members of the Irish Party, deeply infiltrating it. Already secretary of the London based United Irish League of Great Britain Devlin became General Secretary of O’Brien’s UIL, replacing John O'Donnell, through the initiative of deputy IPP leader John Dillon MP, with whom he held a close alliance and who had fallen under his influence. This "coup" gave them nation-wide control of the 1200 UIL branches, the organisational base of the IPP, depriving O'Brien of all authority.
Devlin had risen in the ranks of the League from being a local Nationalist organiser in Belfast to becoming the only newcomer to the parliamentary party who was accepted politically, as an equal by the established leaders. He was devoted to Dillon who had helped him greatly to his rise to prominence, and Dillon in turn relied greatly on him, not alone for both his control of the UIL and the AOH, but also because he was an outstanding representative of Ulster Nationalism.
Immense influence.
He became a distinguished parliamentarian and had reached the top by the skilful use of two remarkable talents, his persuasive and very powerful oratory, and secondly, that he was a great organisation man, not merely as General Secretary of the United Irish League, but because he also dominated the Ancient Order of Hibernians. He was the only member of the younger generation to belong to the innermost circle of the IPP leadership and was widely seen as eventual heir-apparent. 
For some years Devlin had been in bitter conflict with the bishop’s Catholic Association who wanted politics based on Catholic rights rather than on nationalism. Now in control of the three nationalist political organisations all sides succumbed to Devlin’s influence. The AOH continued the O'Connellite link between Catholicism and nationalism but under a lay controlled organisations. To the Irish party's opponents the AOH was symptomatic with Catholic sectarianism, jobbery and patronage. Devlin represented the main urban and national business interests, which contrasted with his advocacy of social reforms when he took up labour issues especially working conditions in the linen mills and textile trades.
In the 1906 general election, Devlin was re-elected to Kilkenny North, and also to Belfast West which he regained from the Unionists by 16 votes. Choosing to retain the Belfast seat, he served as its MP beyond 1918, when his popularity in Belfast and east Ulster survived the downfall of the IPP. Devlin became governor of the nationalist hinterland after his AOH political machinery rapidly saturated the country, acting through the UIL as the militant support organisation of the Irish Party. Devlin could assure John Redmond leader of the IPP, that at Redmond's bid, his organisation could provide full attendance of suitable "supporters" at any meeting, demonstration or convention throughout Ireland, something Redmond and his party often availed of.
The AOH was vehemently opposed by one nationalist organisation, the Munster based All-for-Ireland League (AFIL), an independent party founded by William O'Brien who held Devlin's AOH as being at the root of widespread religious intimidation and sectarianism. He and his followers were attacked at a UIL Convention in Dublin in February 1909 by 400 militant "Mollies" organised by Devlin to silence him and his followers at what became known as the "Baton Convention".
Home Rule compromised.
With the involvement of Ireland on the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, Devlin sided with Redmond's decision in supporting recruiting for Britain’s and the Allied war effort and voluntary enlistment of National Volunteers in Irish regiments of the New Service Army. Redmond's plan was that, post-war, an intended 'Irish Brigade' and the National Volunteers would provide the basis for an Irish army, capable of enforcing Home Rule on reluctant Ulster Unionists.
After the 1916 Easter Rising Devlin compromised with Northern Nationalists on a temporary six-county exclusion to assist Lloyd George's abortive home rule negotiations, organising a convention which endorsed exclusion by a vote of 475 to 265. On the other hand during the Irish Convention he sided with the bishops in blocking Redmond's compromise with Southern Unionists on Home Rule. In April 1918 Devlin was signatory to the anti- Conscription Crisis of 1918 pledge. At the end of the war he was elected Nationalist MP for Belfast Falls in the 1918 general election (in which he defeated Éamon de Valera of Sinn Féin), one of the very few Irish Parliamentary Party MPs to retain their seats against the Sinn Féin landslide.
Minority leader.
During 1919–1921 his leadership was reduced to six Nationalist MPs. His attempts to achieve a united nationalist front was undermined because of resentment by west Ulster nationalists of his acceptance of temporary partition as the price for a Home Rule settlement in 1916. He avoided any involvement in All-Ireland politics having accepted that the mandate had passed to Sinn Féin. Although, when he tried to bring up the Croke Park killings that occurred on Bloody Sunday at Westminster, he was shouted down and physically attacked by Conservative MP John Elsdale Molson; the Speaker had to suspend the sitting.
In the first election in 1921 for the Northern Ireland House of Commons after the Government of Ireland Act 1920 was enacted, so as not to allow the Ulster Unionists a "walk-over" he agreed a pact with de Valera that Nationalists would not stand against Sinn Féiners; both parties co-operated during the election and won 6 seats each, the Unionists 40. Devlin, who represented a more moderate nationalist view, was elected for both Antrim and Belfast West. He chose to sit for Belfast West although his seat in the seven member Antrim constituency was left vacant for the rest of the Parliament. He continued to sit at Westminster as leader of the Nationalist Party of Northern Ireland, as both small parties did not recognise the Stormont parliament.
Devlin was re-elected in Belfast West in 1925 when he decided to lead his small party out of abstentionism and sat for the first time in the Parliament of Northern Ireland as head of a powerless opposition, but so as to highlight Catholic grievances, especially in relation to education. He was returned for the four member constituency until Proportional Representation by the Single Transferable Vote was abolished for territorial constituencies and single member seats were introduced for the 1929 election.
From 1929 until his death, Joe Devlin was the Northern Ireland MP for Fermanagh and Tyrone. He won amendment to the Northern Ireland Education Act of 1930 which improved the funding of Catholic schools. Otherwise they were years of demoralisation for northern Catholics, and the party abstained after 1932 due to the abolishment of proportional representation, when frustration finally drove him and his followers out of the Belfast parliament again, when his party abstained.
Personal background.
"Wee Joe" as he was popularly known, was held in high affection by his constituents for his charming and effervescent personality. He was a fluent and powerful orator. In later years he was comfortably off as director of the "Distillery Company" and chairman of the "Irish News" and enjoyed organising summer fêtes – "days of delight" – for Belfast children. His approach in life was 'getting things done'. He lived most of his life in Belfast, though he spent some earlier years in London. He never married. An acknowledged spokesman and leader of Catholic nationalists in Ulster for decades, Devlin died in Belfast on 18 January 1934. He was buried at Milltown Cemetery. His funeral at St. Peter's Pro-Cathedral, Belfast, was attended by leading members of both governments. The AOH hall in Ardboe, County Tyrone, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2855804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855804" title="Ananda Shankar">
Ananda Shankar

Ananda Shankar Roy (11 December 1942 – 26 March 1999) was a Bengali musician best known for fusing Western and Eastern musical styles. He was married to Tanusree Shankar.
Early life.
Born in Almora in Uttar Pradesh, India, Shankar was the son of Amala and Uday Shankar, popular dancers, and also the nephew of renowned sitarist Ravi Shankar. He studied in The S.C India School. Ananda did not learn sitar from his uncle but studied instead with Lalmani Misra at Banaras Hindu University.
Professional career.
In the late 1960s Shankar travelled to Los Angeles, where he played with many contemporary musicians including Jimi Hendrix. There he was signed to Reprise Records and released his first self-titled album in 1970, featuring original Indian classical material alongside sitar-based cover versions of popular hits such as The Rolling Stones' "Jumpin' Jack Flash" and The Doors' "Light My Fire". 
Returning to India in the early 1970s Shankar continued to experiment musically and in 1975 released his most critically acclaimed album, Ananda Shankar And His Music, a jazz-funk mix of Eastern sitar, Western rock guitar, tabla and mridangam, drums and Moog synthesizers. Out of print for many years, "Ananda Shankar And His Music" was re-released on CD in 2005.
After working in India during the late 1970s and 1980s, Shankar's profile in the West began to rise again in the mid-1990s as his music found its way into club DJ sets, particularly in London. His music was brought to a wider audience with the release of Blue Note Records' popular 1996 rare groove compilation album, "Blue Juice Vol. 1.", featuring the two standout tracks from "Ananda Shankar And His Music", "Dancing Drums" and "Streets of Calcutta".
Ananda Shankar's only Tamil film as the Music director. Thanks to Mr.Sridhar of Chitralaya (Dil ek Mandhir, Dharthi, Pyar Kiye Ja) who brought Ananda Shanker to do this Tamil Film.
In the late 1990s Shankar worked and toured in the United Kingdom with London DJ State of Bengal and others, a collaboration that would result in the "Walking On" album, featuring Shankar's trademark sitar soundscapes mixed with breakbeat and hip hop. "Walking On" was released in 2000 after Shankar's sudden death from heart failure the year before.
In 2005, his song "Raghupati" was used on the , and in 2008 his song "Dancing Drums" was used on the "LittleBigPlanet" soundtrack.
He is best known for creation of music for schooltime serial Byomkesh Bakshi broadcast on DD Nationals.
Recently, 2010 and 2011, his music has been featured in a number of episodes of popular NBC comedy show "Outsourced". Following is a list of episodes and music featured:
Episode 103: Party of Five - 10/7/2010 - "Night in the Forest"
Episode 105: Touched by an Anglo - 10/21/2010 - "Dancing Drums"
Episode 106: Bolloween - 10/28/2010 - "Radha" -- inst.
Episode 107: Truly, Madly, Pradeeply - 11/04/2010 - "Dancing Drums".
Episode 109: Temporary Monsanity - 11/18/2010 - "Dancing Drums"
Episode 110: Homesick to my Stomach - 12/02/2010 - "Renunciation"
Episode 112: Sari Charlie - 1/27/2011 - "Exploration"
Episode 114: The Todd Couple - 2/10/2011 - "Cyrus"

</doc>
<doc id="2855807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855807" title="Craig Stanford">
Craig Stanford

Craig Stanford is Professor of Biological Sciences and Anthropology and Co-Director of the "USC Jane Goodall Research Center" at the University of Southern California. He is known for his field studies of apes, monkeys and other tropical animals, and has published more than 130 scientific papers and 15 books on the subject. He is best known for his detailed field study of the predator-prey ecology of chimpanzees and the animals they hunt in Gombe Stream National Park, Tanzania, and for his long term study of the behavior and ecology of chimpanzees and mountain gorilla in Bwindi Impenetrable National Park, Uganda. 
Background.
Stanford received his B.A. in anthropology and zoology at Drew University, his M.A. in anthropology at Rutgers University, and his Ph.D. in anthropology at the University of California, Berkeley in 1990. He taught at the University of Michigan and joined the University of Southern California in 1992. He has received numerous grants from the National Science Foundation, National Geographic Society, Wenner Gren Foundation, Leakey Foundation, among others.
Selected bibliography.
"Planet Without Apes," 2012

</doc>
<doc id="2855813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855813" title="Oh My God (Kaiser Chiefs song)">
Oh My God (Kaiser Chiefs song)

"Oh My God" is a song by the English indie rock band the Kaiser Chiefs.
It was initially released as their debut single by the Drowned In Sound label on 17 May 2004, reaching #66 in the UK charts. "Oh My God" was re-released on 21 February 2005, just two weeks before the release of their debut album "Employment". This time, it peaked at #6 in the UK charts, which earned the band their first top 10 hit, as well as being their highest-charting single at the time until it was succeeded by UK chart-topper "Ruby" on 25 February 2007. The song also appeared on the soundtrack for the video game "".
The original single release, now a rarity due to its limited run of 500 copies, features artwork by frontman Ricky Wilson, and its B-sides were earlier versions of "Born to Be a Dancer" and "Caroline, Yes", both of which would also appear on "Employment".
Track listing.
Initial release.
"All of these tracks are different, earlier versions of the album editions. "
Mark Ronson version.
In 2006, "Oh My God" was covered by Lily Allen on her second mixtape. Allen later re-recorded the track with Mark Ronson for his "Version" album in 2007, and then went on to become the second single release from the album that same year. The single was a success, reaching the UK Top 10. It was released as the album's First single in Brazil, due to Lily Allen's success in that country. The music video was directed by Nima Nourizadeh, and features a cartoon version of Allen (a reference to Jessica Rabbit in the film "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?") performing the song and flirting in the Ink and Paint Club. The Kaiser Chiefs themselves make a cameo. Of notice is that, in the video, "Lily Allen" is the only toon present. Most of the toons that worked at the club (the octopus bartender, the penguin waiters, Bongo the Gorilla and Betty Boop) have been replaced by human beings. When Mark Ronson performed at the BBC Electric Proms in 2007, Lily Allen had been the intended singer of the song but cancelled at the last minute. Rather than not perform the song, Ricky Wilson, who was performing with the Kaiser Chiefs the next day, stepped in at the last minute. Ronson and Wilson performed the song again on the last Friday Night with Jonathan Ross of 2007, which also featured Candie Payne. Singer Daniel Merriweather, who appears on Mark Ronson's first single "Stop Me" (and appears in the accompanying video), also has a cameo in this video.

</doc>
<doc id="2855818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855818" title="Joe Devlin">
Joe Devlin

Joseph or Joe Devlin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855826" title="Whitehall Street">
Whitehall Street

Whitehall Street is a street in the New York City borough of Manhattan, about four blocks long. It extends from the southern end of Broadway (the street name changes at Stone Street) to the southern end of FDR Drive, adjacent to the Staten Island Ferry terminal, on landfill beyond Stuyvesant's 17th-century house-site. There is also the Whitehall Street – South Ferry station ( trains) of the New York City Subway, named after the street; entrances are located at the northern and southern ends of the street (Stone Street and the Staten Island South Ferry terminal). The street is adjacent to the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House.
Near the foot of the street is the site of the Governor's house built by Peter Stuyvesant; when the British took over New Amsterdam from the Dutch, they christened the street and the building "Whitehall" for England's seat of government, Whitehall, London. On the Castello map (1660, "illustration") Whitehall, with its white roof, stands on a jutting piece of land at Manhattan's tip, facing along the waterfront strand that extends along the East River. The only extensive pleasure gardens in seventeenth-century Nieuw Amsterdam/New York are seen to extend behind it, laid out in a patterned parterre of four squares. Other grounds in the center of blocks behind houses are commons and market gardens. The mansion is long since gone, and now the name survives only as the short north-south Whitehall Street.
The Topps Corporation has an office building. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority has renovated the building, which is currently given the address 2 Broadway, to use as a new headquarters. There are also several other office buildings and low-density shops.
The street is one-way southbound for several blocks near Bowling Green until Pearl Street, and one-way northbound up from the FDR Drive near the Staten Island Ferry, also terminating at Pearl Street. The southernmost block (adjacent to the ferry terminal), provides access from FDR Drive to the Battery area.
There is an active passenger ferry terminal at the southern tip of Manhattan called Whitehall Terminal; however, its facilities in use have shifted over the decade, as have the destinations served. Furthermore, the terminal once served cars. The original Whitehall Terminal served Brooklyn, Governors Island, Staten Island, and Weehawken, and it was originally served mainly by the elevated trains. However, since the subways have replaced the els, cars now travel through bridges and tunnels such as the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel, and new terminal facilities were built at Whitehall to serve the Staten Island Ferry, the old Whitehall terminal building was allowed to decay until its recent renovation, as the "Battery Maritime Building", housing the ferry to Governors Island, which is open to the public from April through October.
For many years, a military induction center was located at 39 Whitehall Street before being bombed by Sam Melville in 1969 and rendered unusable. Nearly three million Americans were inducted at the Army building which existed at the site from 1884 to the end of the Vietnam War.
In popular culture.
The former military induction center at 39 Whitehall Street was made famous in Arlo Guthrie's "Alice's Restaurant."

</doc>
<doc id="2855828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855828" title="Bagel Bites">
Bagel Bites

Bagel Bites are a snack type pizza bagel. They are the most popular type of pizza bagel.
History.
Bagel Bites were invented by Brendan Birdsaw and Quan Tran, both of Fort Myers, Florida, and then later sold to a major food producer. It is currently owned by Heinz via the Ore-Ida brand.
Varieties.
The mini-bagels are topped with cheese and other pizza toppings. Bagel Bites are available in six flavors: Cheese & Pepperoni [http://www.bagelbites.com/cheesepep.aspx]; Three Cheese; Cheese, Sausage & Pepperoni; Mozzarella Cheese; Supreme; and Extreme Nacho (sold only in Canada). Bagel Bites come in 9, 18, 40, and 72 count varieties. Bagel Bites are manufactured in Southwest Florida.
Bagel Bites also markets Stuffed Bagel Bites, which consists of the toppings on the inside of the bagel dough crust. The stuffed snacks are available in Pepperoni & Cheese and Three Cheese. Preparation of Bagel Bites involves either a microwave or an oven.
Popular culture.
During the 1980s, Bagel Bites ran a television commercial, most popular during children's programming, featuring the jingle:
<br clear=all>
The lyrics were altered from The McGuire Sisters' 1957 single Sugartime, written by Charlie "Sugartime" Phillips.
The jingle was recently performed on a web exclusive video for Late Night With Jimmy Fallon, in which him and Meat Loaf do a rock operatic style, extended remake of the jingle (with additional lyrics), titled "Ode to Bagel Bites". 

</doc>
<doc id="2855831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855831" title="Fannie Ward">
Fannie Ward

Fannie Ward, a.k.a. Fanny Ward (February 22, 1872 – January 27, 1952) was an American actress of stage and screen, known for comedic roles as well as "The Cheat", a sexually–charged 1915 silent film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. 
Ward's curiously ageless appearance, however, is what drove her celebrity. An obituary described her as "an actress who never quite reached the top in her professional ... who tirelessly devoted herself to appearing perpetually youthful, an act that made her famous".
Background.
Ward was born as Fannie Buchanan in St. Louis, Missouri, the only daughter of John Buchanan, a dry goods merchant, and his wife, Eliza. She had one sibling, a brother, Benton.
Career.
In 1890, Ward made her stage debut as Cupid in "Pippino" with Eddie Foy. She went on to become a successful stage star in New York City. In 1894 she sailed for London and appeared in "The Shop Girl", which led critics to compare Ward favorably to actress Maude Adams. In 1898, however, she married a wealthy diamond merchant and retired from the stage. Ward returned to her career in 1905, after her husband suffered business reversals that left him, a news account reported, "practically penniless". 
In 1915, around the time Ward's stage career was on the wane, American movie producer and director Cecil B. DeMille convinced her to appear in "The Cheat", a silent film melodrama which co-starred Japanese actor Sessue Hayakawa. The film was a sensation, thanks to its mingling of racial and sexual themes. Ward portrayed a society woman who embezzles money and turns to an Asian ivory dealer (Hayakawa) for help, with brutal consequences. The movie launched the careers of both DeMille and Hayakawa, who became Hollywood's first Asian star.
In addition to starring in "The Hardest Way" (1921), Ward appeared in a Phonofilm short film singing "Father Time" (1924), a second Phonofilm as "The Perennial Flapper" (1924), and in a Vitaphone short "Fannie Ward in "The Miracle Woman"" (1929).
In 1926, trading on her ever-youthful public image, Ward opened a Paris beauty shop, "The Fountain of Youth".
Marriages.
Fannie Ward was married twice:
Ward's only child, Dorothé Mabel Lewis (1900–1938), was the result of a liaison between Ward and Charles Vane-Tempest-Stewart, 7th Marquess of Londonderry. Her first husband was Capt. Jack Barnato (1894–1918), a pilot and nephew of mining magnate Barney Barnato; he died of pneumonia in 1918, shortly after their marriage. Her second husband, married in 1922, was Terence Conyngham Plunket, 6th Baron Plunket (1899–1938), and they were the parents of Patrick Plunket, 7th Baron Plunket, Robin Rathmore Plunket, 8th Baron Plunket, and of Hon. Shaun Plunket. After Lord and Lady Plunket were killed in an airplane crash in California on February 24, 1938, Ward's grandsons were raised by their father's sister Helen Rhodes.
Death.
On January 25, 1952, Ward was found unconscious in her Park Avenue apartment following a stroke. She never regained consciousness and died two days later. She was 79 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="2855834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855834" title="Steve Roper and Mike Nomad">
Steve Roper and Mike Nomad

Steve Roper and Mike Nomad was an American adventure comic strip that ran under various earlier titles (proposed as The Great Gusto, published as Big Chief Wahoo, then Chief Wahoo and Steve Roper, Steve Roper and Wahoo, and then Steve Roper) from November 1936 to December 26, 2004. Initially distributed by Publishers Syndicate (Publishers-Hall Syndicate), and then by Field Enterprises, it ended at King Features Syndicate. Despite the changes in title, characters, themes and authors, the entire 68-year run formed a single evolving story, from an Indian who teamed up with an adventurous young photojournalist to two longtime friends ready to retire after their long, eventful careers.
The strip was originally proposed by Elmer Woggon as "The Great Gusto", drawn by himself and written by Allen Saunders (who would also write "Mary Worth" and "Kerry Drake"). J. Mortimer Gusto was a freeloading opportunist based on the film persona of W.C. Fields. In his autobiography, Saunders said Fields was flattered. But the syndicate preferred his sidekick Wahoo, so the proposal was revamped to center on him, and the strip debuted on November 23, 1936 as "Big Chief Wahoo".
Characters and story.
Wahoo was a short Native American in a ten-gallon hat who was played for laughs but showed courage, loyalty, and common sense. It was whites who were often the targets of the jokes (Wahoo: "Paleface full of prunes!"), and of vigorous defenses of Native Americans (e.g., December 16, 1941). Wahoo was rich due to the discovery of oil on his land back in Te(e)pee Town (spelled both ways in the strip), and headed to New York to find his girlfriend Minnie Ha-Cha, who had gone away to college and was now a beautiful singer in a nightclub. On the way, he was joined by Gusto, who liked Wahoo's medicine so much that he bottled it up for sale as Ka-Zowie Kure-All. Gusto continued as a support character through August 1939, and then was dropped. (For more on Wahoo, see Elmer Woggon article; for a picture of Wahoo, Gusto, and Minnie, see Woggon's biography card at the National Cartoonists Society.)
The strip initially revolved around humorous tales, such as stories about people trying to cheat Wahoo out of his money or fish-out-of-water tales of Wahoo in New York or Hollywood. But from the beginning, it was a continuity strip, and had already moved into serious adventure by 1940, when a dashing young photojournalist named Steve Roper was introduced. (Sundays continued to do gags until rejoining the main plot line in 1944.) By World War II, Roper was the lead in war-oriented adventures, and the strip was retitled "Chief Wahoo and Steve Roper" in 1944, then "Steve Roper and Wahoo" in 1946, and in 1947 simply "Steve Roper", as Wahoo and Minnie were written out (last seen on February 26 and November 19, 1947, respectively). As a very different kind of strip now, its artwork lost its earlier cartoonishness, ghosted by artists like Woggon's brother Bill Woggon, Don Dean, and (from December 1945 to July 1954) Pete Hoffman. But Woggon remained the strip's letterer and researcher until 1977, shortly before his death in 1978.
1946–70.
After his World War II service in Navy intelligence, Roper got a job at "Spotshot" magazine (renamed "Spotlight" in 1950), and from then on the main action was set in New York City. As good with his fists as with his cameras and typewriter, he built a reputation as a racket-busting ace reporter and editor. The strip's popularity grew: after the March 1948 birth of a son to Roper's friends Sonny and Cupcake Brawnski, there was a national write-in of suggested names from readers.
In 1951, Steve got engaged to his "boss lady," Kit Karson, but when he was framed on a story in 1953 and broke jail, she abandoned him. (The experience left him a "confirmed bachelor.") Vindicating himself in a major crime ring bust, he was snapped up by the competition, crusty Major J. Calhoun McCoy at "Tell" magazine (soon renamed "Proof"). He continued exposing crimes and frauds, even on routine assignments like covering rock stars or beauty pageants, but his sense of moral outrage kept landing him in fiendish criminal traps ("deathtraps") that nearly finished him — and some of the crooks he sent "up the river" to prison with his exposés came back for revenge. Meanwhile, on the domestic side, in 1953 he took in a Korean war orphan, So-Hi Chong, as his ward, intending to adopt him. But after 1958, So-Hi was not seen again in the strip, apparently going off to live with the Brawnskis.
On July 12, 1954, the artwork was taken over by William Overgard, who on June 17, 1956 introduced a character whom he had tried unsuccessfully to feature in a strip of his own. Mike Nomad (born Nowak in Kraków, Poland) had served in World War II as a U.S Marine commando. After working in oil fields, he looked up Roper to verify his "Proof" photo of a smuggler he thought he had killed. They solved the case together, and then Roper got him a job at "Proof" as a truck driver. In 1962, Nomad got his own room over the restaurant of Chinese wisdom-quoting Ma-Jong, and she became a permanent member of the cast as his landlady.
The two men were different: pipe-smoking Roper was a fast-thinking, stylish, college-educated "straight arrow," the adopted son of a wealthy San Francisco family, while flat-topped Nomad was a tough, street-smart antihero, loyal to friends and family but not averse to deceiving, and often AWOL from work as he barged into risky situations without thinking them out. But as McCoy pointed out (1957), a "Nomad" was a "wanderer," and Roper was likewise kept on the move by his career. Their friendship and interaction as men became a lasting theme of the strip. In the next 25 years, they alternated or joined forces in stories about people (especially the memorable women each attracted) whose problems often drove them to crime. The dual protagonists were recognized in April 1969 by the last name change, "Steve Roper & Mike Nomad". For a picture of Roper and Nomad ca. 1965, see Overgard's National Cartoonists Society biography card.
1970–2004.
In February 1970, Roper was promoted by McCoy to editor-in-chief at Consolidated Publications, Inc., though he continued to do investigative reporting. Then, in August 1976, after years of lecturing his pal to look before he leaped, he leaped for love in his late forties and married young reporter Trudy Hale. Meanwhile, Nomad, who remained footloose and single despite four close calls, was laid off from "Proof" and got new jobs, with new dangers, as a cab driver (1976) and then independent trucker (1981). In 1983, Roper lost his wife (traumatized in an explosion, committed to a mental hospital, and soon divorcing him), got fired for taking dangerous risks in an exposé of political bribes, and then moved to Florida to make a new start as a TV news anchor.
In 1979, Allen Saunders retired and gave the writing of "Steve Roper" and "Mary Worth" to his son John Saunders ("not" the Canadian-born sportscaster), a Toledo TV broadcaster who sometimes assisted him. There has been conflicting information on this transition. John (1986) said he had helped since 1949 and had done the "writing chores" since the early 1950s; and in its release on his death in 2003, King Features Syndicate (in turn cited by Markstein) said he had had "full responsibility" over "Steve Roper" since 1955. This claim is not supported in Allen's own candid discussions of "the strips that I write" (articles in 1953, 1971, and 1983-85 autobiography), and the scripting continued to show his unique writing style, characterization, and plotting until 1979. The strip itself first acknowledged John as assistant on December 25, 1976, and as the writer on October 28, 1979. As the obituary in his hometown newspaper ("Toledo Blade", 2003) put it, "John Saunders began working on the strips (i.e., "Steve Roper" and "Mary Worth") periodically during the 1950s, but took over in 1979."
In early 1985 (his last strip was for April 7), Overgard left to focus on his own comic "Rudy" and other work, and the artwork was then taken over by Fran Matera. The strip was now focused on Nomad, who won a state lottery and was cajoled into a detective business with cop Francis Hogan (1989)— usually as a bodyguard-chauffeur with a penchant for stumbling into crime rings. Their main client (beginning December 1991) was a motel chain owner, the inimitable Emma Stopp. Nomad got engaged to social worker Meg Carey in a long, bumpy relationship that would break up in 2000. Meanwhile, finishing his broadcasting work with some freelancing, Roper retired in Florida and was kept out of sight for ten years. But in 1997 he returned: after brooding over his losses, he had gone to work on a newspaper, and was later fired (1998) for upholding truth over employee loyalty. Tired of the "prison of journalism," he joined Nomad and Hogan in detective work, and by the end of the strip he had again become the leading character. John Saunders continued to write the strip until his death on November 15, 2003. Officially, Matera took over the writing until it was discontinued by the syndicate, although it was ghosted by Keith Brenner, J.S. Earls and Geoffrey Brenneman in the final years. In the strip's last days the dailies featured stories involving Mike, while the Sundays focused on Steve. It has been reported that the dailies of that period were combinations of reprinted and some new art, remaking older stories. One late story dealing with the widow and child of an Iraq-fighting Marine had been told during the 1980s, when the Marine had met his death in Lebanon.
Analysis and conclusion.
Aside from selected reprints in U.S. and foreign comic books, "Steve Roper" (under all its titles) stayed in the newspapers, where it had an especially strong appeal to male readers (Saunders, in Ridgeway interview). Particularly during its peak decades, it showed attractive photorealistic art and well-written stories with plot twists, suspense, danger, and touches of ironic wit and male "soap." Allen Saunders was known for his "sophisticated scripts with literate dialogue" (Browne Popular Culture Library 2007); his "Steve Roper" characters referred to art, literature, and music and often spoke in other languages (he had been a French professor before becoming a journalist). The action was tense and fast-paced with four stories per year, until it slowed down drastically after the 1979 reduction from three or four daily panels to just two. By the 1990s, a single conversation easily took an entire month of dailies. This change was reversed in December 2003 by Matera, recapturing some of the strip's original narrative pace, but by then it had lost its earlier quality and almost 90% of its newspapers.
"Steve Roper" explored human foibles and two men's responses to a variety of issues; and through the life story of Roper, it also showed two journalists' views (Allen and John Saunders) of changes in their profession over the course of the 20th Century. Roper and Nomad upheld a male code of honor in their work and personal lives, but unlike the idealized heroes of other adventure strips, they had well-developed, believable personalities with flaws, moods, and complex depths. They were good at what they did, but also miscalculated sometimes and dealt realistically with the consequences. Allen Saunders (1949 Brandenburg article) said his characters became "awfully real" to him, and in 1971 he quoted Milton Caniff as saying Nomad was "the most real character that ever appeared in a comic." Also unlike story strips that always reset to the same status quo, Roper and Nomad developed through their successes, losses, and changes in life over the years, and they gradually aged — from a cocky, adventurous Roper at 22 to both men in their sixties, seasoned and ready for a change.
They got one: an ending that fell back through past stories to return them to a key December 1986 talk of a voyage together, this time leading to a new outcome and retirement. The final strip (Sunday December 26, 2004) wordlessly showed Roper visiting his ex-wife's grave with a daughter whom she had borne in the hospital without telling him — and who was now likewise a journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="2855836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855836" title="Weir (disambiguation)">
Weir (disambiguation)

Weir has several different meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="2855844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855844" title="Building superintendent">
Building superintendent

A building superintendent or building supervisor (often shortened to super) is a manager responsible for repair and maintenance in a residential building. They are the first point of contact for residents of the building. They are expected to take care of minor issues and repairs, such as small leaks or blockages, the heating, and the security. For larger jobs and major repairs, they will organize, call and, supervise the work of the contractors. Building superintendents often get discounts in their rent, free rent, or free rent plus a salary in exchange for their services. The amount of compensation they receive is usually proportional to the size of the building.
Although very common in large cities in the United States and Canada, the job title is not often used in the rest of the world. Other common titles for this job include simply "super", "resident manager", "apartment manager", and "caretaker".
The superintendent or resident manager may report to a property manager for any problem outside his or her control.

</doc>
<doc id="2855847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855847" title="Aimé, duc de Clermont-Tonnerre">
Aimé, duc de Clermont-Tonnerre

Aimé-Marie-Gaspard, comte de Clermont-Tonnerre (November 27, 1779, Paris – January 8, 1865, Glisolles) was a French general and statesman.
Son of Gaspard-Paulin, vicomte de Clermont-Tonnerre and Anne-Marie-
Louise Bernard de Boulainvilliers, and grandson of the Marquis de Boulainvilliers, Clermont-Tonnerre lived during the revolution with his grandfather.
Life.
He entered the École Polytechnique, before entering the army. He participated in the campaigns in Italy, Germany and Spain and was made adjudant of the King of Naples in 1808, in whose service he stayed afterwards. He married Charlotte de Cauvoisin and in 1814 returned to the French army as a colonel, was Maréchal de Camp and after the second return of the king, was made Peer of France and commander of the cavalry of the guard.
Clermont-Tonnerre sided with the moderate conservative party and was named Minister of the Navy and the Colonies in 1820 by Villèle. In 1823, he became Minister of War and assiduously reorganized the army.
Clermont-Tonnerre sent Hyacinthe de Bougainville around the world from 1824 to 1826 onboard "Thétis" and "Espérance".
In 1827, he organized the Algerian expedition, executed in 1830.
After the revolution, he refused to swear allegiance to the new government of Louis-Philippe and retired into private life. In 1852, he lobbied for the first rail line between Paris and Cherbourg to pass through the department of Eure. He died on his estate in Glissolles.
The Hawaiian plant genus Clermontia was named in his honor by Charles Gaudichaud-Beaupre.

</doc>
<doc id="2855850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855850" title="Ryan Sinn">
Ryan Sinn

Ryan Sinn (born Charles Thomas Taylor on 23 April 1979 in Fremont, California, USA) is the former bassist for the alternative rock band Angels & Airwaves and The Distillers. He joined Love Equals Death, after Dominic Davi's departure. On March 4, 2008, Love Equals Death lead singer, Chon Travis posted on the band's Myspace blog that Sinn had left the band on good terms. Sinn currently resides in San Diego, California.
Sinn joined The Distillers after their first album had been made. At the time he only played guitar, but he learned to play the bass parts on their previous album in four days and was asked to join the band after he auditioned. He appeared on the group's second and third albums. The band experienced some turmoil in 2005, and Sinn announced that he had left the band on his MySpace page in August of that year.
After leaving The Distillers, Sinn was recruited by Blink-182 member Tom DeLonge to join his new project, Angels & Airwaves. He played bass on the bands 2006 release "We Don't Need to Whisper". However in April 2007, rumors spread that Sinn had left Angels & Airwaves due to difficulties with the rest of the band. The reasons of his dismissal are still unknown to the fans as no further announcements have been made by the rest of the band. In May, these rumors were confirmed by Sinn. Soon after the announcement of the departure, Sinn posted on deathouse.org that he would be auctioning off items associated with AVA, including a Tom DeLonge signature guitar that DeLonge had given him.
Sinn was playing bass with The Innocent, a thrash metal group consisting of drummer Brooks Wackerman (Bad Religion), vocalist Brandan Schieppati (Bleeding Through) and guitarist Dave Nassie (No Use for a Name). He played in a band called Blackpool in 2010. He occasionally plays bass with the band Stephen Rey and the Slicks, when active. Sinn is currently singing for Bhorelorde.

</doc>
<doc id="2855851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855851" title="Clarks Cave">
Clarks Cave

Clarks Cave is a cave in Bath County, Virginia. The cave was mined for saltpeter in the 1800s.

</doc>
<doc id="2855854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855854" title="Erik Rhodes (actor)">
Erik Rhodes (actor)

Erik Rhodes (February 10, 1906 – February 17, 1990) was an American film and Broadway singer and actor. He is best remembered today for appearing in two classic Hollywood musical films with popular dancing team of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, "The Gay Divorcee" (1934) and "Top Hat" (1935).
Biography.
Born Ernest Sharpe at El Reno, Indian Territory, now Oklahoma, USA, Rhodes started performing on the Broadway stage in "A Most Immoral Lady" (1928) using his birth name Ernest Sharpe. This was followed by two musicals "The Little Show" (1929) and "Hey Nonny Nonny!" (1932).
He first used the name Erik Rhodes when he appeared on Broadway in "Gay Divorce" (1932) and again in London in 1933. In this show, he gave a memorable comic portrayal of a spirited, feather-brained, thick-accented Italian character that impressed RKO executives enough to bring him to Hollywood to reprise the role in the film version, "The Gay Divorcee" (1934).
His last film in the pre-war years was "On Your Toes" (1939). By the end of the war, he was very socially active in New York City often seen with Baron Nicolas de Gunzburg, his onetime companion, and the Nordstrom Sisters at popular watering holes such as the Stork Club and 21 Club.
Between 1947 and 1964, he was back on Broadway in "The Great Campaign", "Dance Me a Song", "Collector's Item", "Shinbone Alley", "Jamaica", "How to Make a Man", and "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum". In "Can-Can", as a lecherous art critic, he introduced the Cole Porter song Come Along With Me .
Among his television appearances, he played the role of murder victim Herman Albright in the 1961 "Perry Mason" episode, "The Case of the Violent Vest."
He married his wife Emala in 1972 and they lived in New York City until the early 1980s. He died of pneumonia in Oklahoma City at age 84 and is interred with his wife in the El Reno Cemetery in El Reno, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="2855863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855863" title="WPAW">
WPAW

WPAW ("93.1 the Wolf") is a country music radio station licensed to Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and serving the Piedmont Triad region, which includes Greensboro and High Point. The Entercom outlet broadcasts at 93.1 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW.vv The station's studios are located near the Piedmont Triad International Airport, and a transmitter site is near Stokesdale, North Carolina.
History.
The station's original calls were WAIR-FM (sister station and simulcast partner to current WPOL). The station was known as "Fresh Air 93". In the late 1960s the station began separate programming with religious during the day and beautiful music at night, with the call letters WGPL.
In 1979, the station returned to a partial simulcast of a Top-40 format with WAIR, but the 93.1 station took on the calls WSEZ and the combination was collectively known as Z-93.
In the 1980s WSEZ completely separated from WAIR, playing Top 40 and later album-oriented rock. In 1985, one-fourth of WAIR programming was a simulcast of WSEZ. On March 6, 1987, the station became WMQX "W-Mix", an adult contemporary station playing hits of the 60s, 70s and 80s with "less talk, more variety". The WMQX letters stayed during the station's entire tenure as an Oldies station, which began in 1990. The format change, along with a name change to Oldies 93-Point-Fun, boosted the station's popularity.
On October 3, 2006 the station began spinning the format wheel, which landed on country on October 4. The move now gives the region three country outlets as they take on heritage rival WTQR and market fringe country stations WBRF and WAKG.
As of the week ending November 25, 2006, WMQX officially changed its call letters to WPAW. The call letters were formerly assigned to 99.7 FM in Vero Beach, Florida which were in use from 1995, until March 5, 2001. The call letters WPAW also were assigned to WPAW-AM in the Syracuse, NY area during the late 1960s.
Airstaff.
5a-10a: Clay & Leanne - 'The Wake Up With The Wolf Show'
10a-3p: Randall C. Bliss and The Wolf@Work
3p-7p: Gunner Jackson
The Rebirth of Oldies 93.
In January 2007 WPAW signed on a hybrid analog/digital transmitter, allowing the radio station to transmit an HD2 signal, with an expanded, commercial-free version of then off-air Oldies 93 format. The Oldies 93HD runs an expanded playlist with no jocks. Listeners in the Triad can listen to Oldies 93HD if they purchase an HD Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="2855866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855866" title="Ebony and Ivory">
Ebony and Ivory

"Ebony and Ivory" is a 1982 number-one single by Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder. It was released on March 29 of that year. The song is featured on McCartney's album "Tug of War". The song reached number one on both the UK and the U.S. charts. It reappears on McCartney's "All the Best!" in 1987.
Background.
At the simplest level, the song is about the ebony (black) and ivory (white) keys on a piano, but also deals with integration and racial harmony on a deeper, human level. The title was inspired by McCartney hearing Spike Milligan say "black notes, white notes, and you need to play the two to make harmony, folks!". The figure is much older. It was popularised by James Aggrey in the 1920s, inspiring the title of the pan-African journal The Keys, but was in use from at least the 1840s.
Written by McCartney alone, the song was performed live in the studio by both McCartney and Wonder, though due to conflicting work schedules, both recorded their parts for the song's music video separately (as explained by McCartney in his commentary for "The McCartney Years" 3-DVD boxed set).
The b-side of the single, the song "Rainclouds", is written by Paul McCartney and Denny Laine, though on early pressings of the single the song was credited only to McCartney.
Chart rankings.
"Ebony and Ivory" spent seven weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and was the fourth-biggest hit of 1982. For McCartney, the song's run atop the chart was the longest of any of his post-Beatles works, and second longest career-wise (behind "Hey Jude" with The Beatles); for Wonder, it was his longest-running chart-topper. It marked the first time that any single released by any member of the Beatles hit the "Billboard" R&B chart. It was McCartney's record 28th song to hit number one on the Billboard 100.
In 2008, the song was ranked at #59 on "Billboard"'s Greatest Songs of all time.
Critical reception.
Following the song's huge chart success, it was derided as "saccharine" and was later named as the tenth worst song of all time by "Blender" magazine. On October 2007, it was named the worst duet in history by BBC 6 Music listeners. (In September 2010, Matthew Wilkening of AOL Radio ranked the song at #9 on the list of the 100 Worst Songs Ever, stating that the song was "much better by Joe Piscopo and Eddie Murphy [in "Saturday Night Live". Everybody: 'You are blind as a bat and I have sight...'") However, the song's title was picked up by a journalist reporting on two stroke victims — one black, one white — who played a duo, one hand each.
This song has been parodied in many television shows, such as "The Fresh Prince of Bel Air", "Father Ted", "Everybody Hates Chris", "Arrested Development", "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" (and its successor "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"), and "Saturday Night Live", as well as movies such as "Undercover Brother" and "Guess Who". The phrase, "Keyboard, Oh Lord! Why Don't We?" was used for the title of the third album by Norwegian stoner rock band Thulsa Doom. The song and video were parodied in a commercial for the 2008 season of the USA Network show "Psych".
"Ebony and Ivory" was banned for a while in South Africa during the Apartheid era, making it the only song McCartney released in his solo career to receive such a ban (music by the group for which he is well known, The Beatles, was also banned in South Africa for a while; it was under similar circumstances). The official reason for the song's ban was on the part of his duet partner, Wonder, because he dedicated his 1984 Academy Award for Best Original Song to Nelson Mandela. An abbreviated version of the song was performed on an episode of "Diff'rent Strokes" by Todd Bridges, Dana Plato and Janet Jackson playing their characters.
Live Versions.
McCartney performed the song of his "The Paul McCartney World Tour" with Hamish Stuart taking over Wonder's original parts. McCartney did not play the song live again until 2010 when he played it at the White House with Wonder on his original lead parts.
Wonder played the song live following its release on his 1985 tour, however he never played it live again until 2010 with McCartney.

</doc>
<doc id="2855869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855869" title="Cape May (band)">
Cape May (band)

Cape May is a rock band from Ocean Beach, San Diego. Andres Goyenechea (vocals, guitar) moved to San Diego from Seattle in the winter of 2001 to pursue his musical interests. After playing out for about a year he met Andrew Bernhardt (guitar, keys) through a classified ad. The two played out with a rhythm section for a year and a half, while refining their tunes and building a following. When their drummer pursued another gig, Dustin Paul (drums) was brought on to solidify the set. After playing several shows with the band, his heavy-handed, simplistic style turned out to be a good fit. That opened up the door for Mark Wiskowski (bass guitar) to come and fill out the bottom end. Mark's audition was head and shoulders above the rest, and he was added. 
From May 2004 - current day, the four members moved at a steady pace. They've played major venues along the west coast, made a few videos, recorded two full length albums and written a wide variety of rock songs. Cape May had a clear goal of making quality music with hints of classic rock flavor and mixes it with tastes of indie rock to create their own unified sound. For more information about this electrifying foursome visit the Official Cape May Website.
As of January 2007 they have broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="2855882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855882" title="Henry Grattan Nolan">
Henry Grattan Nolan

Henry Grattan Nolan, (May 5, 1893 – July 8, 1957) was a Canadian lawyer and jurist.
Born in Calgary, Alberta, the son of Patrick James "Paddy" Nolan, a criminal defence lawyer, and Mary Elizabeth Lee, he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Alberta in 1914 and was awarded a Rhodes scholarship for Alberta in 1915. However, he enlisted in the army during World War I and received a Military Cross in 1918 for his service. He was wounded at Cambrai, in France. 
After the war, he received a second Bachelor of Arts in 1921 from University College, Oxford. He was called to the English and Alberta bar. He returned to Calgary to practice law. 
During World War II, he served with the Canadian Army becoming a Vice-Judge Advocate General with the rank of Brigadier. From 1945 to 1948, he was a prosecutor before the International Military Tribunal for the Far East at Tokyo. He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1946.
On March 1, 1956, he was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada and served barely a year until his death in 1957 at the age of 64.
In 1928, he married Doris Margery McCarter. They had two daughters, Moira and Shelagh.

</doc>
<doc id="2855886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855886" title="Everything Is Healing Nicely">
Everything Is Healing Nicely

EIHN (Everything Is Healing Nicely) is an album by Frank Zappa, posthumously released through the Zappa Family Trust in December 1999. It features recordings made with the Ensemble Modern in preparation for "The Yellow Shark" (1993).
Track listing.
All tracks written, composed and arranged by Frank Zappa.

</doc>
<doc id="2855892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855892" title="Alfred Chicken">
Alfred Chicken

Alfred Chicken is an action-adventure game originally created by Twilight. It was released in the United Kingdom in 1993 for the Amiga, Amiga CD32, Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy. It was released in the United States in February 1994 for the Game Boy, Nintendo Entertainment System and the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Within PAL-A regions, it was only released in the UK.
Gameplay.
The player takes the role of a chicken named Alfred who must find his way through bizarre levels full of balloons, telephones, cheese and other strange elements. While he is on the ground, Alfred can walk, jump, and peck balloons and ground switches. While he is in the air he can dive bomb enemies or springs. Dive bombing enemies will destroy them. Dive bombing springs will bounce Alfred much higher so he can reach platforms well above his normal jumping ability. If he does not hit an enemy or a spring, Alfred will get stuck in the ground for a short time.
To complete a level, Alfred must find and peck all the balloons. The last balloon will take him to a boss fight. If Alfred dies, he starts as an egg located at the last balloon pecked.
Alfred can receive a few powerups during the game. For one power up, he must answer a telephone in secret areas to make Mr Pekles (a giant flower) give him a pot of jam. The jam gives Alfred the ability to shoot a bomb (about the size of Alfred himself) which bounces around the screen collecting things and hurting enemies. Another power up is a worm that spins around Alfred destroying enemies that it touches. You must find a can of worms to get this power up.
Versions.
The Game Boy game was the original version. Two revisions exist; the monochrome original, and a Super Game Boy version with a level select feature, the latter was developed by Hookstone and released by Sunsoft in Japan. The NES edition of the game is essentially a watered-down port of the Game Boy version. It features only 5 levels, which were originally in the Game Boy game. The Amiga version is the same as the Game Boy game, and is identical except for its colour graphics and increased screen resolution.
Dubbed "Super Alfred Chicken", the SNES game can be considered a sequel rather than a direct port of the other versions. It boasts brand-new levels and reuses the sprites of the Amiga version. There are a total of twenty one levels in all, and is the lengthiest game in this series.
PlayStation game.
The game for the original PlayStation was released only in the PAL region. It features 2.5D action and is a brand-new game rather than a port. It was developed by Mobius Entertainment and released by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe in 2002.
Marketing.
Karl Fitzhugh, the Product Manager of the Amiga version of the "Alfred Chicken" video game, ran as the "Alfred Chicken Party" candidate in the 1993 by-election in the Christchurch, Dorset constituency. The exercise was done to promote the original game's release. Fitzhugh finished second last with 18 votes, two votes ahead of the "Rainbow Party" candidate.
The marketing attempt was partially successful. The "Alfred Chicken Party" was cited, along with other "frivolous or 'commercial' candidates" as a reason to increase the number of signatures required for an individual to be nominated as a political candidate at election.
There was also a toll free number set up after the US release, which could be called to hear Alfred himself give a promotional speech about the game.
Reception.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Game Boy version of the game a 22 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="2855906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855906" title="Nine-volt battery">
Nine-volt battery

The most common form of nine-volt battery is commonly called the transistor battery which was introduced for the early transistor radios. It has a rectangular prism shape with rounded edges and a polarized snap connector at the top. This type is commonly used in pocket radios and other small electronic devices. They are also used as backup power to keep the time in certain electronic clocks. This format is commonly available in primary carbon-zinc and alkaline chemistry, in primary lithium iron disulfide, and in rechargeable form in nickel-cadmium, nickel-metal hydride and lithium-ion. Mercury oxide batteries in this form have not been manufactured in many years due to their mercury content. This type is designated NEDA 1604, IEC 6F22 and "Ever Ready" type PP3 (zinc-carbon) or MN1604 6LR61 (alkaline). 
Most nine-volt alkaline batteries are constructed of six individual 1.5V LR61 cells enclosed in a wrapper. These cells are slightly smaller than LR8D425 AAAA cells and can be used in their place for some devices, even though they are 3.5 mm shorter. Carbon-zinc types are made with six flat cells in a stack, enclosed in a moisture-resistant wrapper to prevent drying. 
As of 2007, 9-volt batteries accounted for 4% of alkaline primary battery sales in the US. In Switzerland as of 2008, 9-volt batteries totalled 2% of primary battery sales and 2% of secondary battery sales.
Other nine-volt batteries of different sizes exist, such as the British "Ever Ready" PP series and certain lantern batteries.
Connectors.
The battery has both terminals in a snap connector on one end. The smaller circular (male) terminal is positive, and the larger hexagonal or octagonal (female) terminal is the negative contact. The connectors on the battery are the same as on the connector itself; the smaller one connects to the larger one and vice versa. The same snap style connector is used on other battery types in the Power Pack (PP) series. Battery polarization is normally obvious since mechanical connection is usually only possible in one configuration. 
A problem with this style of connector is that it is very easy to connect two batteries together in a short circuit, which quickly discharges both batteries, generating heat and possibly a fire. An advantage is that several nine-volt batteries can be connected to each other in series to provide higher voltages.
History.
The PP3 appeared when portable transistorized radio receivers became common, and is still called a "transistor" battery by some manufacturers. The Eveready company claims that it introduced this battery type in 1956.
Technical specifications.
These batteries are commonly named 9-volt, and also colloquially named PP3, Radio battery, Square battery, and Japan "006P".
They all have a rectangular shape; the dimensions are height 48.5 mm, length 26.5 mm, width 17.5 mm (or 1.9"x1.0"x0.68"). Both terminals are at one end and their centers are 1/2 inch (12.7 mm) apart.
Inside an alkaline or carbon-zinc 9-volt battery there are six cells, either cylindrical or flat type, connected in series. Some brands use welded tabs internally to attach to the cells, others press foil strips against the ends of the cells. 
Rechargeable nickel–cadmium (NiCd) and Nickel-metal hydride (NiMH) batteries have between six and eight 1.2 volt cells. Lithium ion versions typically use two cells (3.7V nominal each). Lithium polymer and low self-discharge NiMH versions can also be found.
Formerly, mercury batteries were made in this size. They had higher capacity than carbon-zinc types, a nominal voltage of 8.4 volts, and very stable voltage output. Once used in photographic and measuring instruments or long-life applications, they are now unavailable due to environmental restrictions.
References:
Devices designed to use "9V" batteries are generally designed to work properly over the operating voltage range of a "9V" battery,
from fully charged (typically up to 9.6 V) to nearly dead (typically 5.0 V).
Self discharge.
An alkaline battery that is unused or used with extremely low power consumption devices (transistor leak current, etc.) can be expected to last approximately for 6 years, essentially the shelf-life of a new battery.
Lithium 9V/PP3.
Lithium 9-volt batteries are consumer-replaceable, high energy density batteries designed to last up to 5 times longer than alkaline 9-volt batteries and up to 10 times longer than carbon-zinc 9-volt batteries in many applications. In addition, lithium PP3 batteries have a long shelf life of up to 10 years. Common applications for lithium 9-volt batteries are smoke / CO (Carbon Monoxide) alarms, and electronic parking meters.
Other nine volt batteries.
There were several other sizes of nine volt batteries. Two are still available, the PP7 and PP9. These date from the days of early transistor radios and are now less common than PP3. The PP4, PP5, PP6, PP10 and PP11 (this last battery was actually a 4.5+4.5 volt battery) sizes have long been obsolete. There was no PP2 size, and the PP1 and PP8 were 6 volt (the latter being designed for electric fence use and is still available). In the days of valve radios which used batteries designed specifically for vacuum tubes, there was a nine volt grid bias battery or (US) 'C' battery which had tappings for various voltages between 1.5 and 9.

</doc>
<doc id="2855911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855911" title="New Game Plus">
New Game Plus

A New Game Plus (or New Game+) is an unlockable video game mode that allows the player to start a new game after they finish the game at least once, where certain aspects of the finished game, such as experience or items, affect the newly started game. New Game Plus is also known as "replay mode", "remorting", "challenge mode" or "hard mode", or "New Game Ex".
Origin.
The term was coined by the 1995 role-playing video game "Chrono Trigger", but examples can be found in earlier games, such as "Super Mario Bros." (in which Princess Toadstool "present you with a new quest" featuring stronger enemies), "The Legend of Zelda", and "Ghosts 'n Goblins". This play mode is most often found in role-playing games, where starting a New Game Plus will usually have the player characters start the new game with the statistics and/or equipment they ended the last game with. Key items that are related to the story are normally removed so they cannot ruin the game's progression, and are given back to the player at the time they are needed; likewise, characters that the player acquires throughout the story will also not appear until their scheduled place and time, but will get the enhanced stats from the previous playthrough.
Examples.
Games with multiple endings, such as "Chrono Trigger", often feature a New Game Plus mode which allows the player to access the alternate endings more easily. Many games include special features that are unlocked upon starting a New Game Plus. In "Sigma Star Saga", a special item is needed to unlock two of the four available endings; this item is unavailable on the first playthrough, but can be found in a New Game Plus game. This feature can also be used as an unlock trigger for replaying the game at a higher difficulty, such as in the various "Mega Man Battle Network" games and '. In ', the New Game Plus is actually included in the game's story, as Astro must use the game's Stage Select (the ability to travel through time given to him by the Phoenix) to find out how to avert the Bad Ending that is mandatory the first time around.
Some New Game Plus variations feature twists on the original game's campaign. In games like "Viewtiful Joe" and "", completion of the game unlocks a new character on each difficulty and the player has the option to either start a new game as a new character, or to use the original protagonist. "Parasite Eve" and "Vagrant Story", among others, contain areas of the game that can only be accessed after completing the game. Additionally, completing some games such as "Resident Evil 4", and the "Metal Gear" series can unlock items that can be accessed in subsequent playthroughs. The developers of "BioShock" made its New Game Plus mode available as downloadable content. The newest title in the Bioshock saga "Bioshock Infinite" includes a New Game Plus mode known as '1999 mode' which increases the game difficulty significantly and makes in game death permanent.
Although this mode is typically found in RPGs, other genres also use this feature. In the psychological horror game "" the player must have Pius Augustus choose a different dark god in each playthrough, only in defeating all three is the true ending revealed. The "Ratchet and Clank" series allows subsequent playthroughs at an increased difficulty and the ability to further upgrade weaponry. Also, upon completion of some "Ratchet and Clank" games, the choice to play the game in a first-person perspective is unlocked. In the survival horror titles "Dead Space" and "Dead Space 2", the player is capable of unlocking various backstory logs, advanced outfits, and item rewards, as well as keeping all their items from their previous save. The Director's Cut edition of also features this mode.
In some games that implement achievement systems, players may be required to complete a New Game Plus game in order to obtain certain achievements. Examples of this include the "Calamity Kid" achievement in the game "Bastion", and the "Twice Nightly" achievement in "".
Clear game.
A slight variation of this is the clear game (also known as a "post-game scenario"), a special mode that is played after finishing the regular game. In this mode, the player is given the ability to continue playing after the story mode is completed, allowing them to see the effect of defeating the antagonist on the game world and complete any remaining side-quests. "Dragon Warrior II" for the NES and "EarthBound" for the SNES are early examples of this. Other games return the player to the point just before the last boss, such as "Star Ocean" series, "Mega Man Legends 2" and "Dragon Quest VIII". Some games like "Fallout 2" do not make mention of a clear game, but rather allow the player to continue playing after completion with no side effects. The clear game in "Mass Effect 2" is notable in that characters that died during the final mission stay dead, effectively locking quests that involved these characters. In many games with this feature, new challenges and levels are opened to give the player an extra goal; each of the ".hack" games featured a bonus dungeon after completing the main mission objective of the games. One of the most notable gaming franchises to use a clear game feature is the "Pokémon" series.

</doc>
<doc id="2855917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855917" title="Plantsman (disambiguation)">
Plantsman (disambiguation)

A plantsman is an enthusiastic and knowledgeable connoisseur of plants or an expert gardener. 
Plantsman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855922" title="Thomas Tsugi">
Thomas Tsugi

Blessed Thomas Tsugi was born around the year 1571 in Japan, to a wealthy family of Japanese nobility. Educated by the priests of the Society of Jesus at Arima, he joined the order while quite young, around the year 1588. As a Jesuit, Thomas traveled Japan and became very popular as an eloquent and persuasive preacher.
Thomas was arrested and exiled to Macau because of his publicly practiced faith. Desiring to continue his missionary work in his homeland, he returned to Japan in disguise. Suffering some moments of doubt, however, he gave in to tempations to leave the way of life he held so dear. For one day he did walk away from the order, but returned, zealously resuming his holy missionary work and life of prayer.
The Japanese authorities soon caught up with him and recaptured him. They imprisoned Thomas and sentenced him to death for his bold proclamation of the faith. In 1627 Thomas Tsugi became a martyr as he was burned to death in Nagasaki, Japan — along with several companions — for the faith. He was heard to proclaim as he died, "Praise the Lord of all nations!"
He is one of the 205 martyrs of Japan beatified by Pope Pius IX in 1867, who are remembered by Japanese Catholics on the 10 September each year.

</doc>
<doc id="2855930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855930" title="Murcof">
Murcof

Murcof is the performing and recording name of Mexican electronica artist Fernando Corona.
Corona was born in 1970 in Tijuana, Mexico and raised in Ensenada. He was for a time a member of the Tijuana-based Nortec Collective of electronic musicians under the Terrestre project name. In 2000 he returned to Tijuana. Since 2006 Corona lives in Barcelona, Spain.
Music.
Murcof's music is sparse, minimalist, electronica. Many of his compositions are founded on abstract, glitchy, sometimes complex electronic percussion. Harmonic and melodic influences come from classical music (modern classical music, musique concrète, holy minimalism, micropolyphony, baroque music, etc.), ambient music, drone music, berlin school synthesizer music, ethnic music and free improvisation. Rhythms are derived from minimal techno, dub, glitch, industrial music and IDM, and are often aligned around a 4/4 beat. The more recent works in the Murcof catalogue don't include electronic beats anymore.
His earlier works, like the 2001 EP Monotonu, feature orchestral instruments sampled from recordings of works by modern composers such as Arvo Pärt and Morton Feldman. Some of his later works, like the 2005 album Remembranza, incorporate samples of Corona and his friends playing classical instruments. Besides his personally initiated albums, Corona worked as Murcof on the 2008 commission project The Versailles Sessions, in which he reinterpreted recordings of a baroque ensemble. Live shows of Murcof featured guest musicians from varied musical backgrounds, like jazz trumpet player Erik Truffaz, tabla player Talvin Singh, crossover electronica-classical pianist Francesco Tristano and contemporary composer Philippe Petit.
Biography and influences.
Early youth (1970).
Murcof was born as Fernando Corona in 1970 in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. His earliest contact with music came from his home, where his father sang, played bass and accordion. Corona tried some of these instruments as his father bought a very cheap organ for him and his sister. He began to wonder how these sounds were made, becoming primarily interested in the sound design aspect of music. His father’s record collection included Bach, The Beatles and The Carpenters. His mother listened more to traditional Mexican music. Corona was taught by his father to pay attention to the compositions and arrangements of both classical and pop music, which helped him to better understand what elements in music he liked or not.
On his eight year (1978) he moved to Chula Vista, close to the United States border. He went to school and learned English across the U.S. border, in San Diego. A few years later (around 1980) he moved 100 miles south, to a small port called Ensenada.
At the age of eleven (1981) Corona was introduced to electronic music by a friend of his father’s who gave him a tape of Jean Michel Jarre’s "Oxygène". Soon afterwards he got fascinated by electronic‐classical crossover through a present from his father, an album on which Jon Santos plays Bach on a classic Moog synthesizer. This resulted in him purchasing other electronic music from artist such as the Berlin School synthesizer gurus Tangerine Dream, Japanese electronica composer Isao Tomita and Mexican ethnic crossover (new age) composers Jorge Reyes and Antonio Zepada (link in Spanish). The US was Corona’s ‘window to the world’, as he had to cross the US border to obtain records and magazines.
First electronic instruments (1985).
Around his fifteenth Corona started to play music, taking piano and music theory lessons from 1985 to 1989. He bought his first keyboard in 1985, one out of the Casio Sample Keyboard series, which made him excited as he could use it to record and transform snippets of everyday sounds.
For a while Corona enjoyed an alternative club in Tijuna, called Iguanas. There he developed a taste for mid 80s industrial (Play It Again Sam, Wax Trax! Records and Nettwerk labels, Skinny Puppy, Front 242, Front Line Assembly, KMFDM, and In The Nursery) and synthpop (e.g. Depeche Mode’s A Broken Frame (1982) and Black Celebration (1986)).
Around 1988 Corona acquired some more sophisticated equipment. His first professional keyboard was a synthesizer, the Kawai K1. Corona was “blown away” by the concept of designing his own sounds with oscillators and waveforms. He also began to program sounds on the Commodore 64. He started to write his own compositions influenced by techno pop (e.g. Kraftwerk), acid house and industrial. He continued in that style by forming the live act Vortex together with two of his friends. The group was active from 1988 to 1991.
Besides electronic music Corona was also listening pre‐1900 classical music during his whole teens. His uncle employed him as a warehouse manager around the mid 80s. In 1988 he started his study to become a computer programmer, but dropped out in 1990. By then he was focusing on DJing with his mobile DJ system and later as a resident DJ in a club in Ensenada. From 1992 to 2000 he worked in a nursing agency that dealt primarily with the elderly and terminally ill in San Diego (USA).
Prog-rock (1991).
In this period of time Corona played keys (and occasionally guitar, drums and flute) in the rock band Sonios, which was first influenced by British pop music like The Smiths, but later went into the direction of prog rock, jazz fusion, ambient and post rock. Corona states that this was a learning school for him about the various elements of music. He took influences from the local rock scene. The 1998 Sonios album ‘200 Fonios’ was released on Tijuana indie label Nimboestatic, won various prizes from cultural institutions in the Baja California region, was rated one of the best rock albums of 1998 by the Mexican press and reached a cult status in many places of Mexico and Latin America.
Electro-acoustic projects (1994).
Whilst in Sonios, Corona also engaged in other musical co‐operations like Elohim (1994‐1995), an experimental multimedia group, and Arvoles (1995‐1997), an acoustic‐ambient crossover project including a female vocalist. Then Corona got to compose for modern dance ensembles in Ensenada, an experience that led him to develop a taste for modern academic music, from the dodecaphonism and minimalism of the early 20th century to the experimentalists and serialists of the mid 1900s. Also, he grew tired of pre‐1900 classical music having listened to it for all his teens and adolescence. Upon hearing Xenakis’ Oresteia, plus later Pleiades and Metastasis, as well as Ligeti’s Lux Aeterna his perception of music altered immediately and drastically.
Some of the other composers he became interested in where Igor Stravinsky, Wolfgang Rihm, Giya Kancheli, Arnold Schoenberg, Morton Feldman, Giacinto Scelsi, Sofia Gubaidulina, Alfred Schnittke, Luciano Berio, Krzysztof Penderecki, Stefano Scodanibbio (piece: Voyage That Never Ends).
Corona took his electronic experiments in a more extreme direction, playing with feedback effects to create walls of noise. He began to digitally process samples of classical music and mix them up with doom metal, death metal, ambient and noise.
Non‐classical music he listened in that time were for example Steve Roach’s dark ambient record The Magnificent Void (1996). As well as Squarepusher’s mix of jazz, D&B and acid (IDM) on Hard Normal Daddy (1997). And the at that time freshly emerging glitch genre initiated by the Raster-Noton label (formed in 1990 by Alva Noto, Frank Bretschneider and Olaf Benders (byetone)). Also capturing Corona's attention were the ambient noise of Deathprod (active from 1994). And the Icelandic post‐rock band Sigur Rós (active since 1997).
Corona studied cello at the Centro de Estudios Musicales in Ensenada in the years 1993 and 1994. In 1995 and 1996 Corona had private lessons in audio engineering in Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico. In 1998 and 1998 he studied audio engineering and music arrangement at Harper’s Music, Chula Vista, California, USA.
Terrestre & Nortec (1999).
Early 1999 Corona leaves Sonios to fully focus on his solo electronic project Terrestre, for which his goal was to bring together the worlds of ambient electronica, pre‐Hispanic music and other ethnic sounds. For this project Corona sampled from vinyl records in the styles of tambora (small bass drum music), danzón (traditional Cuban dance music which also flourishes in Mexico) and salsa (the broad and internationally used term for popular Cuban dance music like Cuban son montuno, guaracha, chachachá, mambo, bolero, etc).
In a later period of 1999 he gets an e‐mail from three Tijuana based electronic musicians (Fusible, Bostich and Panoptica) inviting electronic musicians to work with some norteña and tambora tracks downloaded from a studio in Tijuana. This way he became a part of the team of electronic musicians, DJs and graphic artists who would soon develop the Nortec Collective. Nortec’s objective is to blend traditional Mexican norteño‐tex‐mex border culture with electronic dance music and visual projections. It grew from being a local phenomenon to getting some worldwide recognition (e.g. by Time Magazine, NY Times).
Murcof - MF Relay / Martes / Monotonu (2001).
In 2001, during his Terrestre activities, Corona’s Murcof project comes alive out of the need to explore modern classical territories, like the holy minimalism of Henryk Górecki and Arvo Pärt and the post‐modern atmosphere of Valentyn Sylvestrov. In 2002, whilst experimenting with digital effects on samples of Arvo Pärt and Morton Feldman he creates his first Murcof track: MF Relay, a track with glitchy minimal techno percussion, a synth drone and “sliced and diced” samples from orchestral percussion, choir, piano, strings and woodwinds.
Somewhen around here Corona started to listen to Deathprod’s electro‐acoustic free improv (jazz) band Supersilent, particularly their releases 4 (1998) and in later times 6 (2003) and 7 (2005). He also took influences from Oren Ambarchi (a musician in the free improv and noise spectrum) and ambient/dub/electronica producer Biosphere.
Martes, the first Murcof album, came out in the year Corona became a father. With this album Corona continued to work in the MF Relay style of minimal dance rhythms interwoven with samples from holy minimalism and other modern classical sources. Corona later stated that the composing wasn’t a hard job for him: "It almost composed itself".
Corona left Nortec in 2002. He then teamed up with artists and personal friends Rubén Tamayo (Fax) and Eji Val (Ejival) from Nimboestatic (the label that released Sonios ‐ 200 Fonios) to create the EDM label Static Discos, which in 2002 released Martes as a CD in Mexico.
Corona was at Barcelona’s Sonar Festival in 2001 to perform with the Nortec Collective when a friend of his insisted he would give his Murcof demo CD to Tony Marley of UK based independent record label The Leaf Label. So he went to meet Tony in a club and gave him the demo. This led to the worldwide vinyl and CD release of Martes, three months after its Mexican CD debut with Static Discos. The pioneering MF Relay track didn’t become a part of Martes, but was published, also in 2002, by Context Free Media (label by multidisciplinary artist Seth Joshua Horvitz) on the Monotónu 12”. Martes received an almost instant universal praise from well known magazines like The Wire UK and consecutively Murcof got to play at festivals like Montreal's Mutek and the next edition of Sonar.
Terrestre commissions (2002).
A friend of Corona's, Argentinian latin‐crossover composer and multi-instrumentalist Gustavo Santaolalla, was involved in the production of Nuevo, an album of Mexican compositions played by modern classical string ensemble Kronos Quartet. Santaolalla asked Nortec to get involved, resulting in Terrestre finding its spot on the 2002 Nortec remix EP of Kronos Quartet ‐ El Sinaloense.
Corona also got commissioned to remix Miles Davis.
Later corona moved into the domain of film scores when he got commissioned as Terrestre to compose the soundtrack of the film Nicotina, a dark comedy by the producers of one of Mexico’s biggest ever films, Amores Perros. The film was released in 2003 and the CD came out in 2004.
Other commissions included music for a Heineken commercial focused on the Latin American market (USA, 2002), an Edwin Jeans commercial (JP, 2002) the documentary Iraq - Counting The Cost (UK, 2004), a trailer for the Edinburgh Film Festival (UK, 2004), Barratt Urban Development (USA, 2004), Valencia Biennale (2003).
Mexican electronica netlabels Mandorla, Cyan Recs, Umor Rex and Soundsister caught Corona’s around this time attention.
Murcof - Ulysses / Utopía (2003).
In 2003 followed another Murcof release on The Leaf Label, the Ulysses EP. Corona’s focus began to shift from sampling records to recording musicians, the violin and double bass on this record were recorded from Tijuana musicians, giving parts of the music a more live feel.
Utopía saw the daylight in 2004 when it was published as a CD by The Leaf Label. This album came to realization as a result of the success of Martes. It contained seven remixes and four new Murcof tracks. Corona has stated that it was exciting and inspiring for him to select people to remix his works. He also called Utopía a self indulgent record. On his four new tracks he experimented with placing the aesthetics of Martes into less conventional structures. Corona later claimed to be extremely proud of this record and to regularly relisten it. He sees Utopía as an important transition from the Martes style into the style of his upcoming album Remembranza.
The remixers were Sutekh (Californian multimedia artist Seth Joshua Horvitz (Sutekh) of Context Free Media), Jan Jelinek (German experimental minimalist who released on labels such as Berlin’s ~scape), Deathprod (Norwegian ambient noise composer Helge Sten, who earlier produced Motorpsycho), Icarus (UK based experimental electronica duo Ollie Bown and Sam Britton), Fax (Ruben Alonso Tamayo, Mexican minimal techno producer and co‐founder of Static Discos), Aeroc (Geoff White, melodic IDM producer releasing on the renowned electronica label Ghostly International) and Colleen (the French Cécile Schott, sample transforming and cello playing colleague from The Leaf Label).
Terrestre - Secondary Inspection (2004).
It took Corona from 1999 to 2004 to release his first full-length Terrestre record. Secondary Inspection became a creepy mix of electronic dance music, latin percussion and ambient electronics. It contained processed sounds of Tijuana street musicians, which Corona "reduced to a pulp of post 9/11 paranoia".
Murcof - Remembranza (2005).
The second full-length Murcof album "Remembranza" came out in 2005 and helped Corona cope with the turmoil of his mother passing away. Remembranza was produced during her illness until her death and became a requiem for her. The Murcof aesthetic moved a bit away from minimalism towards more complex and melancholic harmonic progressions, slightly reminiscent of his prog-rock past. Recordings of his friends or himself playing classical instruments played a significant role on this album. Corona stated that he could hardly play them, but that didn’t bother him too much as he was mainly interested in texture and vibe.
Live with Singh, Truffaz and Tristano (2006).
A trio with Talvin Singh on tabla and Erik Truffaz was formed in this year. Both of these artists had a firm background in acoustic‐electronic crossover. The trio played sporadically in the following years, at for example Montreux Jazz 2006 and in Mumbai in 2010.
Corona got to master the album Not For Piano by Luxembourg crossover electronic‐classical pianist/synthesist Francesco Tristano. In 2007 Corona and Tristano started the Not For Piano live duo, which for example toured the UK in 2010.
Murcof - Cosmos (2007).
In 2007 Corona released the third Murcof album Cosmos. It was a spacious dark ambient record which including dense walls of textures (hinting at Ligeti), abstracted sounds of synth pioneers, intense climaxes and on some tracks glitchy dub and techno beats. Corona stated that it expressed some personal changes in his life, including his move from Ensenada to Barcelona in 2006. Before moving to Europe, Corona sold his hardware instruments, including a Roland Juno‐106 and Moog Prodigy. Corona described the album as follows: “Cosmos is a celebration of our existence, of the universe: we must see beyond the skyscrapers around us, look above, look the star and the sky.”
Murcof - The Versailles Sessions (2008).
In the summer of 2007 Corona got invited by Les Grandes Eaux Nocturnes (an annual festival of sound, light and water at Château de Versailles in France) to compose a 6 speaker composition for the grand evening fountain display in the Jardin du Roi. The Versaille Sessions is an aural document of that installation. GetSound, who commissioned the project, hired a Parisian group of musicians specialized in baroque music. Murcof and the musicians resided in the GetSound studio in Paris for two days to record the musicians’ interpretations of compositions from the baroque time, from for example Jean-Baptiste Lully, Henry Purcell and François Couperin. The pieces were played traditionally as well as with note and instrument experimentation. They experimented with modifying the score, tempo, pitch and by inserting random pauses. Texturally they explored the instruments by throwing all sorts of material inside the harpsichord and pounding on the viola da gamba’s body, capturing a wide range of timbres, giving Corona lots of composing options. Corona stated it was a great learning experience for him thanks to the musicians’ open mindedness and fun approach. Corona described the composition process as partially different from the usual Murcof composition method. He was processing previously recorded acoustic material as usual, but this time the source material was very specific 17th century baroque and the experiments in the studio were already a part of the composing process. Two weeks before the opening Corona went to the site wanting to get an impression of the sound, but couldn’t make the necessary tests due to pouring rain. He did realize though that he was going in the wrong musical direction. He thought the big space demanded a different sound: more openness, more time for the sounds to develop and resonate. So in the remaining two weeks he reworked the whole commission into The Versailles Sessions.
Projects with AntiVJ (2008).
Early 2008 Corona was commissioned by the Contemporary Music Network of England to create the live audio-visual Océano show for a UK tour. "Blackout Arts" member Flicker (Roderick Maclachlan) created visuals live on stage by using camera feeds from micro-installations of dust, smoke, plants, dark water and live scratch animations. He used feedback effects to manipulate the video and his visuals responded to the music. Live instrumentation was served by Spanish classical ensemble BCN 216 and consisted of cello, viola and trombone.
June 2008 Corona played a space themed audio-video show in The Planetarium of Bristol, during the Venn Festival. Visuals were improvised by Joanie Lemercier of visual arts label AntiVJ.

</doc>
<doc id="2855944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855944" title="Hendrik Niehoff">
Hendrik Niehoff

Hendrik Niehoff (1495 – c. 1561) was a Dutch pipe organ builder, who learned with noted builder, Jan van Covelen (c. 1470-1532). According to Liuwe Tamminga, Niehoff was born in Leeuwarden, the capital of Province Friesland. (Tamminga has been organist since the 1980s on the ancient organ {1471-75} of Lorenzo da Prato at the Basilica of San Petronio in Bologna and also was born in a nearby Friesland village.) Following Jan van Covelen's death in 1532, Hendrik Niehoff established his shop in 's-Hertogenbosch to continue building new and upgrading organs throughout the Netherlands and in major Hanseatic cities and, thus, can be considered the most significant organbuilder in northwestern Europe in the middle third of the 16th century due both to the fabulous visual architectural quality of the cases and the exquisite sounds these instruments make for the eye and ear.nen
The pipes in Niehoff's organs are remarkable in that they use an alloy of over 98% lead, with only about 1.3% tin and minimal amounts of antimony, copper and bismuth - the latter probably due to the not highly refined ores available to the builders of that time. (The use of lead plate to make organ pipes probably stems from its use to fabricate the roofs of European churches of the time.) Pipes made of this alloy are noted for producing sounds with the "vocale" characteristic of the organs of the high Renaissance/early Baroque period. To enhance their appearance, the façade pipes usually were covered with thin, bright tin foil that was held to the underlying lead pipe with a glue made of duck egg white. 
American organbuilder John Brombaugh (b. 1937, retired 2005) used several surviving examples of pipes from the 1539 Schoonhoven Niehoff organ given to him in 1971 by Dr. Maarten A. Vente as models for many instruments his firm made after their first new examples were made and used in the organ at Central Lutheran Church, Eugene, Oregon, that was dedicated in 1976. (Respected Belgian organologist, Koos van der Linde, disputes Vente's assertion that Niehoff made Brombaugh's sample Dutch pipes; he contends they were made by the hand of Peter Janz. de Swart, who built the Leiden Hoogslandskerk organ ca. 1565. Could de Swart have been an apprentice with Niehoff when the Schoonhoven pipes were being made?) This instrument also uses vertical pallets in its Ruckpositive windchest, a method that was normal in Niehoff's organs but seldom found anytime since. It gives a remarkable light touch to the keys - like a harpsichord.

</doc>
<doc id="2855952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855952" title="Cricket Wireless">
Cricket Wireless

Cricket Wireless is a provider of wireless voice, text, and data services. As of 2001, it provided prepaid wireless services to approximately 4.6 million subscribers in the United States. Cricket Wireless was founded in 1999 by Leap Wireless International, Inc. On July 12, 2013, AT&T Inc. agreed to acquire Cricket's parent company Leap Wireless International for $1.2 billion. The merger was approved by the Federal Communications Commission on March 13, 2014, and later that same day, Leap Wireless announced the completion of its acquisition by AT&T.
History.
Leap launched Cricket Wireless first market in Chattanooga, TN on March 17, 1999.
On September 4, 2007, Competing carrier MetroPCS announced a $5.3 billion bid to merge with Leap Wireless. Leap informally rejected the bid less than two weeks later. MetroPCS officially withdrew the bid less than two months later, on November 1, 2007.
On September 17, 2007, Cricket launched Wireless Broadband Service using EV-DO.
On December 12, 2007, Cricket agreed to acquire Hargray Communications Group's wireless telecommunications business.
On April 8, 2008, Cricket launched in Oklahoma City.
On September 29, 2008, Cricket announced that they had entered into a 10 year roaming agreement with MetroPCS covering both companies' existing and future markets. The companies also entered into a spectrum exchange agreement covering licenses in certain markets and on November 13, 2008, Cricket launched "Premium Extended Coverage", a roaming partnership with 14 wireless companies.
On February 2009, Cricket launched in Chicago.
On March 10, 2009, Cricket launched in the Philadelphia market, including suburbs such as Atlantic City, NJ and Wilmington, DE.
On June 23, 2009, Cricket launched in the Washington, DC and Baltimore markets
On September 28, 2009, Cricket changed its domain name to "mycricket.com"
On April 13, 2010, Cricket launched Cricket Navigator, a GPS application that offers audible turn-by-turn navigation, hyper-local search and maps.
On August 2010, Cricket and Sprint signed a five year wholesale agreement (MVNO) which allows Cricket to utilize Sprint's nationwide 3G EVDO network in the U.S.
On August 12, 2010, Cricket launched operator for the Kyocera Rio low cost touch phone.
On May 31, 2012, Cricket announced the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S availability on its network.
On September 5, 2012, Electronic retailer RadioShack in partnership with Leap launched "RadioShack No Contract Wireless", the service is powered by Cricket.
On July 12, 2013, AT&T Inc. agreed to buy Cricket Wireless parent for $1.2 billion and on March 13, 2014, the Federal Communications Commission approved the acquisition between AT&T and Leap Wireless.
On May 18, 2014, Cricket's website (mycricket.com) and Aio Wireless's website (aiowireless.com) were redirected to the new cricketwireless.com site. This signaled the beginning of operations as the new Cricket. GSM operations for Cricket Wireless began this day as well.
On May 18, 2014, all Aio Wireless dealer stores were officially converted to the Cricket brand and Aio Wireless Ceased operation.
Coverage areas.
Cricket's CDMA subscribers are covered in about 98% of the United States using its home network and roaming agreements with Sprint among along other CDMA carriers. Following the acquisition by AT&T, Cricket released devices that access AT&T's GSM, 3G, HSPA+, and 4G LTE network, once on the AT&T network Cricket customers have coverage in 97% of the United States.
Simple Rate Plans and Data throttling.
Cricket offers a variety of rate plans that include data allowance. Cricket provides 3 smartphone plans that depend of how much data you want a month. The plans start off at $40 for 500 MB of full-speed data, or $50 for 2.5 GB of full-speed data or $60 for 5 GB of full-speed data. Exceeding the cap results in reduced data speed (throttling), up to a maximum of 128 kbps. Additionally, "full-speed" data is throttled even when a user has not reached the allotted monthly usage. The LTE network is throttled to 8 mbps while the HSPA network is throttled to 4 mbps.
Partnership with RadioShack.
On September 5, 2012, RadioShack, in a partnership with Cricket Wireless, began offering its own branded wireless service using Cricket's nationwide network. "RadioShack No Contract Wireless" offers exactly the same rate plans and services as Cricket. Although RadioShack offers and markets product packaging and other aspects under its own brand, little changes are actually made on the smartphones themselves as most services on them are still branded Cricket.
End of CDMA Service.
Cricket Wireless noted on their old website that CDMA service will be terminated as early as March 2015. Most devices prior to the merger will not be compatible on the GSM network except some later model iPhones.

</doc>
<doc id="2855953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855953" title="The Homeward Bounders">
The Homeward Bounders

The Homeward Bounders is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones with the chilling premise that there is a vast series of parallel universes, all of which serve as the game-boards for a race of demons that delight in war-games and fantasy-games. The style in which she presents this strange premise is directed at children, but without whimsical language, which appeals to mature readers as well.
Plot summary.
Twelve-year-old Jamie discovers a strange place in his hometown in which mysterious and demonic entities, known only as "Them", are playing a board game with the entire world. Upon his discovering "Them", "They" are forced to make Jamie a Homeward Bounder; this means he must constantly travel from world to world until he finds his home again. Homeward Bounders cannot die, and must not interfere with Play. If he can reach his home he may stay, and re-enter play. No-one is allowed to interfere directly with the Homeward Bounders; for example, if someone were to attempt to hurt or steal from Jamie, that person would die mysteriously.
In his travels through the many worlds, Jamie meets the Flying Dutchman, with his ship and crew, and Ahasuerus, the Wandering Jew. In addition, he meets a strange entity chained to a rock by "Them". Every day, a Vulture comes to peck at him. While he is never named, the entity is Prometheus (he states that his name means "foresight" and that, according to legend, he was punished for bringing fire to humanity). Jamie becomes skilled at travelling, learning to read the signs left by other Homeward Bounders, growing fluent in many languages and proficient in many unusual skills.
So Jamie wanders through the worlds, time passing, never reaching his home, yet hardly aging at all, until he meets Helen Haras-Uquara, from the barbaric world of Uquar. She has a gift - she can change her right arm into anything at all (for instance, an elephant trunk or a snake). Helen has only recently become a Homeward Bounder, because she, like Jamie, has seen "Them" playing "Their" game with the worlds. Although she has no experience with anything much, having been shut in a temple for most of her life, she proves to be a resourceful and intelligent person; her knowledge of "Them", which mainly comes from the teachings of Uquar, her god, turns out to be very useful.
Helen and Jamie travel together until they meet Joris, another new Homeward Bounder, who was a slave and apprentice demon hunter from another world, separated from his master by a demon that showed him "Them". The three travel together until they come to a world in which they meet Adam and Vanessa. 
This world is like our current world, and is also strongly reminiscent of Jamie's home world. He is sure that if they could just travel on one or two worlds more he would reach his Home. The Homeward Bounders convince Adam and Vanessa that "They" exist, when Konstam, Joris' demon-hunting-master arrives, and joins their party. Konstam is eager to fight this new kind of demon, if only because of the challenge that They present, and the six go and invade "Their" strange place and try and defeat "Them". The attack goes awry, however, and all six of them are made into Homeward Bounders. This fills the Bounder circuits to their maximum capacity; in effect, this means that "They" cannot create any more Homeward Bounders. Even "They" must play by "Their" own rules. 
Jamie awakens, alone, and realizes that Adam and Vanessa's world is his Home, only 100 years too late - he recognizes a photo of Adam and Vanessa's grandmother when she was young; it was his little sister, grown up. He realizes that although he did not age during his time on the Bounder circuits, time was still passing on his Home world, and his family and his Home world have gone forever. "They" are cheating; his world is gone. He has no Home to go to.
His hope of ever returning home crushed, he returns to the mysterious entity chained to a rock, and inadvertently frees him, as only one without hope can free him. With His help, Jamie rallies all the Homeward Bounders, and they make a frontal assault on the main base of "Them", and destroy many of "Them" and also "Their" special place, known as "The Real Place".
Everyone is returned to their respective home worlds, except for Jamie. Since his home is gone, he chooses to continue to wander through the worlds, so as to keep The Real Place in all the worlds, not just in one place, as They did. So, in the end, Jamie stops Them from returning for at least a few centuries, by giving up any hope of a normal life and having to endure watching his friends die while he stays young.

</doc>
<doc id="2855954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855954" title="1935–36 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1935–36 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1935–36 Yugoslav Football Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1935/36 / Државно првенство 1935/36) was the 13th season of Kingdom of Yugoslavia's premier football competition.
It was played in a cup format from June 7 to August 2, 1936. Compared to the previous season, the number of clubs competing was increased by four to a record fourteen. The competition was marred by withdrawal of already drawn Croatian clubs Concordia Zagreb and Hajduk Split who objected to the format of the competition.
Cup system.
Round of Sixteen.
BSK 4-1, 2-1 Radnički Kragujevac
Ljubljana 3-0, 3-0 Concordia Zagreb
Krajišnik Banja Luka 3-0, 3-0 Hajduk Split
Slavija Sarajevo 2-1, 3-3 Crnogorac Cetinje
Građanski Skopje 4-0, 1-2 Građanski Niš
NAK Novi Sad 3-3, 4-0 ŽAK Velika Kikinda
Slavija Osijek 4-2, 1-0 ŽAK Subotica
Quarter finals.
Ljubljana 4-1, 3-1 Krajišnik Banja Luka
Slavija Sarajevo 10-1, 1-2 Građanski Skopje
NAK Novi Sad 2-0, 4-0 Slavija Osijek
BSK (pass)
Semi finals.
BSK 3-1, 3-1 Ljubljana
Slavija Sarajevo 3-1, 1-1 NAK Novi Sad
Finals.
BSK 0 - 0, 1 - 0 Slavija Sarajevo
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
BSK Belgrade (Coach: Antal Nemes)

</doc>
<doc id="2855957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855957" title="WMKS">
WMKS

WMKS (100.3 FM, "100.3 KISS-FM"), is a top 40 radio station licensed to High Point, North Carolina, that serves the Piedmont Triad region, including Greensboro and Winston Salem. The Clear Channel Communications outlet broadcasts at 100.3 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW. It has studio facilities and offices located on Pai Park in Greensboro, and a transmitter site is located south of Greensboro in unincorporated Guilford County.
History.
Early years.
This station was first WGBG-FM in the late 1940s. In the late 1950s, it was WNOS-FM. In October 1975, Bernie Mann bought WNOS-AM and WNOS-FM. He changed the FM station's letters to WGLD and the format to beautiful music, also increasing the power to 100,000 watts and building a new 400-foot tower. 
In 1985, the WGLD letters and format moved to 1320 AM and the station became WOJY "Joy 100", a satellite MOR station. In 1989, WOJY changed to soft adult contemporary with the new name WWWB "B-100". For a year starting in 1994, the station was WFXF "100.3 the Fox", a hit-oriented classic rock station. Then the station became WHSL "Whistle 100", playing country music. In 1999, WHSL became one of the first country music stations to air John Boy and Billy, which had previously been designed for classic rock stations. Around New Year's Day 2001, the station took over the rock format previously heard on WXRA, calling itself WVBZ "100.3 the Buzzard", keeping John Boy and Billy. This arrangement lasted until early 2009, when it changed its moniker to "The Buzz" and shifted its music towards active rock.
100.3 KISS-FM.
The Buzz moved to 105.7 FM on January 1, 2014 at 5pm, taking the spot of sister station WMKS. WVBZ adopted the Top 40 format of its predecessor, and later rebranded as 100.3 KISS-FM. On January 3, 2014 the call letters switched to WMKS.

</doc>
<doc id="2855963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855963" title="Higher-order programming">
Higher-order programming

Higher-order programming is a style of computer programming that uses software components, like functions, modules or objects, as values. It is usually instantiated with, or borrowed from, models of computation such as lambda calculus which make heavy use of higher-order functions.
For example, in higher-order programming, one can pass functions as arguments to other functions and functions can be the return value of other functions (such as in macros or for interpreting). This style of programming is mostly used in functional programming, but it can also be very useful in object-oriented programming. A slightly different interpretation of higher-order programming in the context of object-oriented programming are higher order messages, which let messages have other messages as arguments, rather than functions.
Prominent examples of languages supporting this are C#, ECMAScript (ActionScript, JavaScript, JScript), F#, Haskell, Lisp (Common Lisp, Scheme, Clojure, others), Lua, Oz, Perl, Prolog, Python, Ruby, Smalltalk, Scala, ML, and Erlang.

</doc>
<doc id="2855969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855969" title="Copperton, Utah">
Copperton, Utah

Copperton is a CDP and township in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States, located at the mouth of Bingham Canyon, about 17 miles southwest of Salt Lake City. The township boundaries (designated by the county) include a greater area than that of the CDP (designated by the U.S. Census), extending to the county line on the west.
History.
Copperton was established in 1926, by the Utah Copper Company as a residential area for its employees. As of the 2010 Census, Copperton has a population of 826. Copperton is the only mining town remaining for the Bingham Canyon Mine after Lark was torn down in 1980. Currently, only a handful of residents work for the mine. The town’s history is directly linked to the mine.
Climate.
Climate is characterized by relatively high temperatures and evenly distributed precipitation throughout the year. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Cfa" (Humid Subtropical Climate).

</doc>
<doc id="2855977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855977" title="Attention versus memory in prefrontal cortex">
Attention versus memory in prefrontal cortex

A widely accepted theory regarding the function of the brain's prefrontal cortex is that it serves as a store of short-term memory. This idea was first formulated by Jacobsen, who reported in 1936 that damage to the primate prefrontal cortex caused short-term memory deficits. Karl Pribram and colleagues (1952) identified the part of the prefrontal cortex responsible for this deficit as area 46, also known as the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). More recently, Goldman-Rakic and colleagues (1993) evoked short-term memory loss in localized regions of space by temporary inactivation of portions of the dlPFC. Once the concept of working memory (see also Baddeley's model of working memory) was established in contemporary neuroscience by Baddeley (1986), these neuropsychological findings contributed to the theory that the prefrontal cortex implements working memory and, in some extreme formulations, only working memory. In the 1990s this theory developed a wide following, and it became the predominant theory of PF function, especially for nonhuman primates. The concept of working memory used by proponents of this theory focused mostly on the short-term maintenance of information, and rather less on the manipulation or monitoring of such information or on the use of that information for decisions. Consistent with the idea that the prefrontal cortex functions predominantly in maintenance memory, delay-period activity in the PF has often been interpreted as a memory trace. (The phrase "delay-period activity" applies to neuronal activity that follows the transient presentation of an instruction cue and persists until a subsequent "go" or "trigger" signal.)
To explore alternative interpretations of delay-period activity in the prefrontal cortex, Lebedev et al. (2004) investigated the discharge rates of single prefrontal neurons as monkeys attended to a stimulus marking one location while remembering a different, unmarked location. Both locations served as potential targets of a saccadic eye movement. Although the task made intensive demands on short-term memory, the largest proportion of prefrontal neurons represented attended locations, not remembered ones. These findings showed that short-term memory functions cannot account for all, or even most, delay-period activity in the part of the prefrontal cortex explored. The authors suggested that prefrontal activity during the delay-period contributes more to the process of attentional selection (and selective attention) than to memory storage.

</doc>
<doc id="2855992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855992" title="Rodovia Santos Dumont">
Rodovia Santos Dumont

Rodovia Santos Dumont (officially designated SP-075) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
It runs in a North-South direction and interconnects the cities of Campinas, Indaiatuba, Salto, Itu and Sorocaba, crossing with two other major highways, Rodovia Castelo Branco, nearby Sorocaba, and the Rodovia dos Bandeirantes nearby Campinas, thus forming a vertex of the Macrometropolitan Highway Ring of São Paulo. At the km 66 of Rodovia Santos Dumont there is the Viracopos Airport.
The highway honours the Brazilian inventor Alberto Santos-Dumont, considered the "father of aviation". Santos Dumont was born in the town of Palmira (today called Santo Dumont) in the state of Minas Gerais but at one point in his life he also studied in Campinas. Rodovia Santos Dumont is a road system managed and maintained through a state concession to private company Colinas, and therefore it is a toll road.

</doc>
<doc id="2855993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855993" title="Jordan High School">
Jordan High School

Jordan High School could be one of several high schools, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2856006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856006" title="Melt flow index">
Melt flow index

The melt flow index (MFI) is a measure of the ease of flow of the melt of a thermoplastic polymer. It is defined as the mass of polymer, in grams, flowing in ten minutes through a capillary of a specific diameter and length by a pressure applied via prescribed alternative gravimetric weights for alternative prescribed temperatures. The method is described in the similar standards ASTM D1238 and ISO 1133.
Melt flow rate is an indirect measure of molecular weight, with high melt flow rate corresponding to low molecular weight. At the same time, melt flow rate is a measure of the ability of the material's melt to flow under pressure. Melt flow rate is inversely proportional to viscosity of the melt at the conditions of the test, though it should be borne in mind that the viscosity for any such material depends on the applied force. Ratios between two melt flow rate values for one material at different gravimetric weights are often used as a measure for the broadness of the molecular weight distribution.
Melt flow rate is very commonly used for polyolefins, polyethylene being measured at 190 °C and polypropylene at 230 °C. The plastics engineer should choose a material with a melt index high enough that the molten polymer can be easily formed into the article intended, but low enough that the mechanical strength of the final article will be sufficient for its use.
Measurement.
ISO standard 1133-1 governs the procedure for measurement of the melt flow rate. The procedure for determining MFI is as follows:
Synonyms of Melt Flow Index are Melt Flow Rate and Melt Index. More commonly used are their abbreviations: MFI, MFR and MI.
Confusingly, MFR may also indicate "melt flow ratio", the ratio between two melt flow rates at different gravimetric weights. More accurately, this should be reported as FRR (flow rate ratio), or simply flow ratio. FRR is commonly used as an indication of the way in which rheological behavior is influenced by the molecular mass distribution of the material.
MFI is often used to determine how a polymer will process. However MFI takes no account of the shear, shear rate or shear history and as such is not a good measure of the processing window of a polymer. The MFI device is not an extruder in the conventional polymer processing sense in that there is no screw to compress, heat and shear the polymer. MFI additionally does not take account of long chain branching nor the differences between shear and elongational rheology. Therefore two polymers with the same MFI will not behave the same under any given processing conditions.
For a detailed numerical simulation of the melt flow index, see or.

</doc>
<doc id="2856012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856012" title="Mindszent Church">
Mindszent Church

The Mindszent Church ("Mindszenti templom") is a Roman Catholic parish church in the centre of Miskolc, Hungary. It was built between 1724 and 1880 in Baroque style. It is officially called "St. Peter and Paul Church", but in colloquial speech it's always referred to as Mindszent church.
The church stands on Mindszent Place, which is a triangular place bordered by the church, the International Trade Center and the County Office of National Health Service. The place was named after the mediaeval village of "Mindszent" ("All Saints"), which stood here. The church was built where once the village's chapel stood.
The chapel and the hospital next to it were first mentioned in 1507. It was renovated in 1562 by the orders of Borbála Fánchy, the owner of the Castle of Diósgyőr. In the first half of the 18th century Abbot Mihály Frigyes Althan decided to build a larger church in the chapel's place. It is likely that the church was designed by Giovanni Battista Carlone, who also designed the Minorite Church of Miskolc. The church – although construction was still not finished – was consecrated in 1748.
The construction of the new hospital began in 1761. The parsonage was built in 1778.
In the second half of the century ownership disputes arose, both the Archdiocese of Eger and the Diocese of Munkács laid claims to it. Empress Maria Theresa settled the dispute by giving the responsibility of maintaining the church to the Diósgyőr estate.
Emperor Franz Joseph visited the city in 1857, and seeing the still unfinished church he offered to pay the expenses of constructing one of the towers. The Archbishop of Eger also offered a large sum of money, and several members of the parish donated as well. In 1864 the construction of the two towers began, by the end of the year one of them was complete, the other tower was completed shortly thereafter.
Inside of the church there are beautiful Baroque paintings and statues. The painting of the Apostles St. Peter and St. Paul at the high altar was painted by Mihály Kovács in 1855. The other altar paintings also were done by him in 1879.
The Baroque statue of "Mary with the jar" (1739) stands before the church. A small Calvary shrine can be found not far from the church; it was consecrated by the Archbishop of Eger in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="2856015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856015" title="Terry's Texas Rangers">
Terry's Texas Rangers

The 8th Texas Cavalry, (1861–1865), popularly known as Terry's Texas Rangers, was a group of Texas volunteers for the Confederate States Army assembled by Colonel Benjamin Franklin Terry in August 1861. Though lesser known than The Texas Brigade, famous for their actions during the Battle of Gettysburg, the "Terry Rangers" distinguished themselves at several battles during the Civil War. In four years Terry's Texas Rangers fought in some 275 engagements in seven states. The unit earned a reputation that ranked it among the most effective mounted regiments in the Western Theater of the American Civil War. 
Organization, loss of commanders.
Following the secession of Texas with the rest of the Confederacy, Benjamin Franklin Terry, a wealthy sugar planter, recruited for and organized the Rangers in Houston, Texas, in August, 1861. Initially bound for service in Virginia and the "eastern theater", the regiment instead was placed under the command of Confederate General Albert Sydney Johnston for service in the "western theater". They immediately saw action, with their first skirmish being on December 17, 1861, near Woodsonville, Kentucky, when they engaged Union forces while being supported by the 6th Arkansas Infantry. The skirmish, while minor, cost them Colonel Terry, who was killed in action. Colonel Terry was replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Lubbock, who received a promotion to colonel. However, Col. Lubbock died from disease before ever actually taking command. John Austin Wharton then received a promotion to colonel, and assumed command. He would hold that position until he was promoted, eventually rising to the rank of Major General. After his first promotion he would be replaced by Col. Thomas Harrison.
Major battles, shock troops.
By now a part of the Army of Tennessee under General Braxton Bragg, their riding abilities and the versatile weapons they chose to use led to the cavalry regiment often being used as shock troops. Their first full scale battle was at the Battle of Shiloh, in which they performed well. They would then support the cavalry of Nathan Bedford Forrest during the Battle of Murfreesboro. At the Battle of Fort Pillow, the Texas Rangers were credited by Union survivors with refusing to participate in the massacre and with saving prisoners' lives. Between engagements they were sent behind enemy lines to harass Union forces, and break down communication lines. They would later fight during all three of the Battles of Chattanooga, the Battle of Chickamauga, the Knoxville Campaign, and the Atlanta Campaign. 
Their abilities in harassing enemy forces were utilized often during the Confederate defense against Sherman's March. By July, 1864, Sherman's army had reached Atlanta. On July 30, "Terry's Texas Rangers" met a force commanded by Union Col. E. M. McCook, which they engaged and defeated. They then concentrated on destroying railways, however the Union forces had a sophisticated repair system and the damage done by the "Rangers" had little effect. Following the loss of Atlanta, the cavalry regiment was used to harass the flanks of Sherman's force, but it had become obvious to all by this time that the Confederacy did not have the means to stop his advance. Their last battle was at the Battle of Bentonville, where they made their last charge, and during which they lost three of their officers, Colonel Cook, Lt. Col. Christian, and Major Jarmon. They surrendered on April 26, 1865, with the rest of the Army of Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="2856020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856020" title="Andrew Pitt">
Andrew Pitt

Andrew Pitt (born in Kempsey, New South Wales, Australia) is a retired motorcycle racer. He is a double World Supersport Champion, and has also won a World Superbike race and competed in MotoGP. He lives in Peel on the Isle of Man.
Career.
Early days.
Pitt began racing in the NSW State 250 Production Series in 1995, winning it in 1997. He was Australian Supersport Champion and Superbike runner-up in 1999, before entering the Supersport World Championship in riding for Kawasaki. He finished 10th in his debut season and won the title in , without winning a race. For he continued in Supersport with Kawasaki finishing the season 5th.
MotoGP and Superbikes.
At the end of 2002 he was given a ride on Kawasaki's first MotoGP bike for the final 3 races of the season. He took his and Kawasaki's first MotoGP points at the final race of the season. His promising results in 2002 made Kawasaki offer him a full-time MotoGP ride for the 2003 season. He matched experienced team-mate Garry McCoy, but neither was retained after an uncompetitive year. He made occasional appearances for Moriwaki in 2004 as part of their development programme.
In 2004 Yamaha signed him. After three Supersport World Championship races at the end of the year, he was a Superbike World Championship factory rider for . He finished the season 8th overall, behind team-mate Noriyuki Haga who was third. Things improved in as he was 5th overall, and scored his maiden Superbike World Championship win at the Misano Circuit in Italy in June 2006. At the end of the season, he lost his seat to fellow Australian and Superbike World Champion Troy Corser.
For 2007, he signed to race in MotoGP for the Ilmor team. He was forced to retire with mechanical problems from the first race of the season in Qatar. On 15 March 2007, Ilmor announced that they were taking a break from MotoGP as a result of funding issues. This left Pitt without a ride.
Supersport Part 2.
Later in 2007 he made two substitute appearances in the Supersport World Championship for Ten Kate replacing the injured Sébastien Charpentier, taking two second places behind dominant team-mate Kenan Sofuoğlu.
In 2008 he races in World Supersport for Ten Kate full-time, replacing Sofuoglu. In his first race he collided with the crashed bike of team-mate Jonathan Rea. He won three of the first six races to establish a championship lead. A collision with Eugene Laverty at Vallelunga threatened to derail his championship challenge, but he clinched the 2008 World Supersport championship in the penultimate round at Magny-Cours after closest rival Rea was taken out by Robbin Harms. During the Brands Hatch race in 2008, Pitt was involved in an accident that claimed the life of Craig Jones. The British rider fell in front of Pitt at Clark Curve, and Pitt's bike unavoidably struck the head of Jones, who died from his injuries on 4 August.
He remained with the team for 2009, despite originally targeting a return to WSBK. He opened the season with two second places on the 2008 bike, but struggled once the 2009 model was introduced. He was replaced by Michele Pirro for 2010.
Return to World Superbikes.
On 16 December 2009, it was announced that Pitt had agreed a contract with the Reitwagen Motorsport team to ride in the 2010 Superbike World Championship season. Pitt partnered team-mate Roland Resch in riding a satellite version of the BMW S1000RR. However, the team pulled out after only three races due to a lack of funds.
British Superbikes.
Pitt again changed direction following the demise of Reitwagen, joining Rob McElnea's team midway through the 2010 British Superbike Championship season as a replacement for Neil Hodgson, but he was injured in a crash at Brands Hatch and missed the rest of the season.
Retirement.
In June 2011 Pitt, who was still recovering, became Gary Mason's crew chief at MSS Colchester Kawasaki in British Superbike Championship.
In January 2012, Pitt, having struggled with the shoulder injury suffered in 2010, announced his retirement from motorcycle racing.

</doc>
<doc id="2856024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856024" title="Saipem Nigeria">
Saipem Nigeria

Saipem Nigeria is the Nigerian subsidiary company of Saipem, with a huge structure covering all sort of services to the Oil & Gas Industry such as Drilling On/Offshore, construction activities on/offshore (pipelines, power plants, fabrication activities) Engineering, Maintenance.
EPIC/EPC Contractor with head offices in Lagos and New operational Base in Port Harcourt (Rumulumeni area).
Saipem is under trial in Italy over charges relating to bribery in Nigeria. 

</doc>
<doc id="2856032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856032" title="Qwest Wireless">
Qwest Wireless

Owned by Qwest Communications, Qwest Wireless LLC was a cellular phone service offered in the United States. Qwest Wireless was a Mobile Virtual Network Operator (MVNO) that operated on Verizon Wireless's CDMA network. While Qwest originally owned its own wireless network, it discontinued that network in 2004 as part of the move to become an MVNO. The network elements were sold to other carriers after shutdown. Qwest was the only Baby Bell that offered its wireless service as an MVNO; Since the wireless company used Sprint's network, most of their phones were Sprint phones with the Qwest name on them. Their phones included models from Sanyo, Samsung, Nokia, UT Starcom (formerly Audiovox), HTC, and Motorola. Qwest Wireless ended the year 2007 with 824,000 wireless subscribers.
History.
Prior to Qwest's acquisition of the RBOC US West, and unrelated to US West Wireless which became Qwest Wireless, US West operated its own analog cellular service, which merged with AirTouch and was eventually combined with GTE and PrimeCo to become Verizon Wireless.
In 1998, US West Wireless (later Qwest Wireless) was launched as a standalone brand with its own network based in the then-US West 14-state region. Qwest Wireless maintained its own network elements, device inventory, billing, and service—offering combined billing and eventually, discounts for customers who purchased other, qualifying Qwest services. At its largest, Qwest Wireless had roughly one million customers, but due to a lack of network availability outside the 14-state Qwest region, the service suffered from slow growth. This lack of on-network coverage was only partially offset by Qwest Wireless' advanced network features, most notably One Number Service (ONS). ONS allowed customers to receive calls to their home phone number on the wireless. If the calls were not answered, the calls then rang normally on the home phone. Also available was Voice Messaging Link (VML), allowing the wireless and wireline phones to share a single voice mail box.
Due to the slow growth and high expense of maintaining a regional wireless network, Qwest Wireless was converted to an MVNO in 2003-2004. Most customers were able to keep their own handsets, requiring only an over-the-air software update to move to the Sprint network. Customers with older handsets were given free replacement devices. The advanced network features such as ONS and VML were still offered with Qwest Wireless after the move to the then-Sprint network (now Sprint Nextel). With an MVNO status, Qwest Wireless was no longer harmed by the lack of a national footprint, but the small size of the brand meant that Qwest Wireless was unable to respond to the increasing importance of handset marketing. Rarely able to offer new, exclusive handsets, Qwest Wireless lacked the buzz that came from these devices, notably the Motorola RAZR and Apple iPhone. In addition, the small subscriber base prevented Qwest Wireless from offering a broad range of handsets, leaving the company with only one or two smartphone offerings as those handsets became increasingly important to wireless carriers due to the higher per-user revenue.
On May 5, 2008 Qwest ended their agreement with Sprint Nextel and signed a 5-year contract with Verizon Wireless. Qwest has decided that they will no longer maintain an MVNO and will only resell Verizon Wireless services. The agreement also includes an arrangement to bill Verizon Wireless services on Qwest bills.
On March 11, 2009, Qwest announced that Qwest Wireless service would be terminated on October 31, 2009.
Verizon Wireless Agent/Partnership.
On July 28, 2008, Qwest began selling VzW service to new customers and in August, 2008 began to offer current Qwest Wireless customers the ability to make the transition to VzW. In October, 2008, Qwest began offering combined billing, adding the VzW charges to the Qwest bill upon customer request. The transition of current Qwest Wireless customers is going smoothly according to CEO Ed Mueller.
The Qwest sales arrangement allowed Qwest to function as an agent for Verizon Wireless, selling VzW-branded services while simultaneously offering the combined billing for customers with both services. Qwest does not maintain inventory of VzW devices, is not responsible for service provisioning and maintenance, and does not calculate the VzW bill.
The transition of Qwest Wireless customers began in August 2008, initially focusing on customers who did not have other Qwest Services ("standalone" wireless service). Customers who also had other Qwest services were allowed to "migrate", but were not marketed to directly until October, 2008, when combined Qwest/Verizon Wireless billing was available. In October, 2008, Qwest began offering bundled billing, providing a combined Qwest/Verizon Wireless bill and discounting the Qwest services for qualifying customers who choose to add VzW to the Qwest bill. Financial terms of this agreement are not being disclosed. Current Qwest Wireless customers will be offered a comparable phone for free by Verizon, or the option to receive 25% off a different phone of the customers choice if they choose to move to VzW. Activation fees are also waived for migrating customers, as are early termination fees if the customer has a term agreement with Qwest Wireless. With the March 11, 2009 announcement of an end date, Qwest Wireless also discontinued the practice of charging early termination fees for customers who have term agreements with the carrier.

</doc>
<doc id="2856037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856037" title="Sam Kelly (disambiguation)">
Sam Kelly (disambiguation)

Sam Kelly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2856052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856052" title="Haenyo">
Haenyo

The haenyo, literally meaning "sea women", are female divers in the Korean province of Jeju. They are representative of the matriarchal family structure of Jeju.
History of haenyo.
The term Jam-Nyo (diving women) was first used in the 17th Century. A large migration of these women to the mainland in 1887 and Japan in 1903 has been documented that shows a large growth in their productivity.
In the 17th century, many men went to sea to fish or row warships, and offshore diving largely became women’s work. It could also be said that women simply were more adapted for the job, with their bodies keeping them warmer and being more suited to swimming than a male, with more body fat. With that, they often became "the head" of their family. On Mara Island, where sea products accounted for almost all sources of revenue before it became increasingly attractive as a tourist site, gender roles were entirely reversed. Often men would look after the children and go shopping while the women would bring in money for the family.
This evolution clashed with Korea's Confucian culture, in which women have traditionally been treated as inferior. As a result, administrators from Seoul (unsuccessfully) tried to bar the women from diving, ostensibly because they exposed bare skin while at sea.
Starting from the late 1970s, exports of sea products to Japan such as abalone and conch have made the sea women richer than ever, allowing them to fix their houses, build new ones in Jeju City and send their daughters to college. However, there is a threat to the haenyo's continued success: with their daughters choosing to work in the island's tourism industry or in the big cities, the haenyo will most likely disappear. While in 1950 there were as many as 30,000 haenyo on the island, in 2003 there were only 5,650 sea women registered as divers, of whom 85% were over 50 years old. In the early 1960s, 21% of women on the island were free divers, providing 60% of the island's fisheries revenue. With the number of sea women declining and with tourism giving Jeju men more opportunities, it is unclear what will happen to their daughters' status in their communities and home, though it is unlikely that the matriarchal family structures will continue to survive. As of 2014 only about 4,500 haenyeo, most aged over 60, were still actively working.
In 2014, South Korea applied to UNESCO to add the haenyo to its Intangible Cultural Heritage List.
Diving pattern.
The haenyo begin shallow water diving as early as age eleven and move on to deepwater diving by age eighteen. They have been observed diving as long as 65 years of age.
Time in the water varies by season, from as little as 20 minutes during the winter to as long as 95 minutes in the summer. Dives have been observed to last approximately one minute, with 30 seconds spent on the surface between dives. Routine diving occurs in shallow water, but deeper excursions, to 15 or even 20 meters, have been observed.
The divers must also contend with other dangers such as jellyfish, and sharks.
Haenyo in contemporary culture.
"My Mother, the Mermaid", a 2004 film about a mother (who used to be a haenyo) and her daughter.
"Tamra, the Island", a 2009 television series set in the 17th century, in which the heroine is a haenyo.
"Swallow the Sun", a 2009 television series in which the protagonist's mother is a haenyo.
"", a 2013 short film about Chewar Park, a still active 82-year-old Haenyeo diver. Examining her daily routine as well as her past, Park sheds light on this unique matriarchal culture that has changed little since the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2856053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856053" title="The Plantsman (magazine)">
The Plantsman (magazine)

The Plantsman, published quarterly by the Royal Horticultural Society, is a 68-page magazine ""dedicated to a deeper understanding and appreciation of garden plants."" Its authoritative articles are written by acknowledged experts on plant-related subjects, including plant profiles, horticulture, botany and the development of garden plants, focusing on ornamental plants grown in temperate gardens. It also reflects the scientific work of the RHS, as well as research conducted by other horticultural and botanical institutions and individuals. 
The RHS website describes "The Plantsman" as ""in-depth yet accessible"" and its target readership as ""keen gardeners, botanists and horticulturists"" - in other words, plantsmen and plantswomen.
Subject matter.
Under its current editor, Mike Grant, the journal, now printed in full colour on every page, continues to broaden its scope. Its subject-matter includes:
History of "The Plantsman".
"The Plantsman" magazine was first published in June 1979. The quarterly began as a scholarly spin-off from "The Garden", the monthly journal of the RHS, which was then widening its editorial scope and popularizing its approach, in response to the wider audience provided by the society's rapidly increasing membership. Between its inception in 1979 and its full take-over by the RHS in 1994 "The Plantsman" was published by New Perspectives Publishing Ltd (later Home and Law Publishing Ltd), in association with the RHS. 
In his introduction to the first edition of "The Plantsman", its Editorial Director, Hugh Johnson, noted that the changing editorial policy of "The Garden" had meant: 
He described "The Plantsman" as the solution to this editorial quandary, and continued:
The first editor of "The Plantsman" was Elspeth Napier. Among the contributors to the first issue were Christopher Brickell (then Director of the RHS Garden, Wisley, later Director General of the RHS), Roy Elliott (then Editor of the Quarterly "Bulletin" of the Alpine Garden Society) and Lawrence D Hills, the founder (and the then Director) of the Henry Doubleday Research Association.
The magazine was printed in black and white, with one colour plate as a frontispiece (as well as many finely detailed line illustrations) until February 1994.
"The New Plantsman".
In March 1994 "The Plantsman" was relaunched as "The New Plantsman" with a new editor, Victoria Matthews, previously Editor of "The Kew Magazine" (journal of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew). She was followed in the post, from March 1995, by Sabina Knees. From now onward the journal featured full-colour photographs and illustrations on alternate spreads.
"The Plantsman" relaunched.
In March 2002 the publication reverted to its original title (with a New Series suffix) during the editorship of botanist and author Christopher Grey-Wilson. Full colour became available on every page for the first time. In 2005 the magazine was relaunched with a refreshed design under its new editor, Mike Grant, previously a botanist at RHS Garden, Wisley.
Gardening Magazine of the Year 2006 and News Story of the Year 2008.
In November 2006 "The Plantsman" was named the surprise winner of the British Garden Writers' Guild award for 'Consumer Magazine of the Year'; the other two finalists being "BBC Gardeners' World" magazine and "BBC Gardens Illustrated". In the judges' opinion: 
In November 2008 the same organisation awarded it News Story of the Year for an item entitled 'Greece wants her plants back' in the March 2008 issue.

</doc>
<doc id="2856060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856060" title="Reprieve (organisation)">
Reprieve (organisation)

Reprieve is any of a number of not-for-profit organisations around the world which work against the death penalty, with a particular focus on legal support for those facing the death penalty or held in secret prisons around the world. The founding Reprieve organisation is in the UK, and there are also organisations in the United States, Australia and the Netherlands, with additional supporters and volunteers worldwide.
Reprieve UK.
Reprieve aims to use the law to enforce the human rights of prisoners, from death row to Guantánamo Bay.
The first and largest of the Reprieve organisations, Reprieve UK, was founded in 1999, one year after the death penalty was officially abolished in the UK (although having not been exercised since 1964), by human rights lawyer Clive Stafford Smith. Smith has represented over 300 prisoners facing the death penalty in the southern United States and has helped secure the release of 65 Guantánamo Bay prisoners as well as others across the world detained in places such as Bagram Theatre Internment Facility, Afghanistan, who claim to have been tortured by the United States government. 
Reprieve currently works to represent 15 prisoners in Guantánamo Bay, as well as an evolving caseload of death row clients around the world. It investigates international complicity in renditions and most recently, has started working with the Foundation for Fundamental Rights in Pakistan, aiming to create conversation around the use of drones there.
Reprieve UK has twenty-five staff in London and seven Fellows in the US and Pakistan. Its patrons include Martha Lane Fox, Jon Snow, Alan Bennett and Julie Christie
Current cases include Libya's Sami al-Saadi, stateless Palestinian Abu Zubaydah, Linda Carty, Yunus Rahmatullah and Krishna Maharaj.
Recent cases include Samantha Orobator, Binyam Mohamed, Muhammad Saad Iqbal, and Akmal Shaikh, an EU national executed by the Chinese government.
Reprieve US.
Reprieve US was founded in 2001 by anti-death penalty lawyers in New Orleans, Louisiana, inspired by the UK organisation.
Reprieve Australia.
Reprieve Australia was founded in 2001 by a group of Melbourne lawyers. It works to support those facing the death penalty around the world, with a particular focus on work in the Southern states of the US.
Reprieve Netherlands.
Reprieve Netherlands is a new organisation, founded in 2006, twenty-four years after the Netherlands abolished the death penalty, by a group of Dutch people who had previously worked in capital defence offices in the United States. It shares the goals of the other Reprieve organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="2856074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856074" title="WMAG">
WMAG

WMAG is an adult contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to High Point, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, including Greensboro and Winston-Salem. The Clear Channel Communications outlet broadcasts at 99.5 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW. It has studio facilities and offices located on Pai Park in Greensboro, and a transmitter site is near Randleman, North Carolina.
History.
The precursor to this station signed on in 1946 as WMFR-FM 97.7, a sister station of High Point's 1230 WMFR (We Make Furniture Right) or as some called it, We Make Frank Rich in recognition of the owner (Frank S. Lambeth). WMFR-FM later moved to 99.5.
In 1982, WMFR-FM was purchased by Voyager Communications and upgraded their facilities, becoming adult contemporary WMAG "Magic 99.5". During the 1980s and early 90s the station's competitors in the adult contemporary format were WWWB and WMQX. In later years, "Magic 99.5" repositioned to soft rock and dropped the "Magic" handle in favor of just the call sign. Voyager Broadcasting sold WMAG in the early 1990s to what would become AMFM Broadcasting. In 1999, Clear Channel Worldwide acquired the station. Their original transmitter, still used by 1230 WMFR, is visible atop The Radio Building on Main St in downtown High Point.
WMAG is one of North Carolina's most powerful stations, providing at least secondary coverage as far east as Raleigh, as far north as Martinsville, Virginia and as far south as the Charlotte suburbs.
At the end of 2009, Bill Flynn ended a 26-year career as WMAG morning host when he moved to WPTI.
After the local classic hits station WTHZ "Majic 94.1" switched to a contemporary Christian format, WMAG added more 70s and 80s music in effort to gain some of the former WTHZ listeners.
Another local radio personality, Rod Davis, lost his job as the co-host on WMAG's morning show, on Wednesday October 26, 2011; when Clear Channel Communications announced that it had dismissed some on-air and off-air staff, within that same week, throughout the United States. The reason for the layoffs is to benefit in a reshaping of its regional and local programming that should enable it to seek out advertisers focused on areas wider than a single market.

</doc>
<doc id="2856077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856077" title="Mathew Manjooran">
Mathew Manjooran

Mathew Manjooran – The political activist who spearheaded the first major farmers’ agitation in the history of modern Kerala. The movement that he precipitated soon snowballed into the famous Karshaka Prakshobham of 1932 of the erstwhile princely state of Cochin. When the agitation showed signs of getting out of hand, government arrested the prominent leaders of the movement.
Mathew Manjooran's three illustrious sons Cherian Manjooran, Mathai Manjooran, and John Manjooran followed his footsteps into politics.

</doc>
<doc id="2856078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856078" title="Pretoro">
Pretoro

Pretoro is a town of about 1,100 inhabitants situated in Majella National Park, in the province of Chieti, Abruzzo region. Though geographically in central Italy, the Abruzzi were a constituent part of the Kingdom of Naples and thus the Mezzogiorno. To this day it is considered by no less than ISTAT (Istituto Nazionale di Statistica) to be part of southern Italy. It is located on a steep hillside on the eastern side of the Maiella mountains. Its proximity to the ski slopes of Passo Lanciano, guarantees the availability of winter sports, while the town is also only 20 minutes by car from the Adriatic Sea.
History.
The area in which Pretoro is located has been occupied since prehistoric times; remains from that period have been found here, as well as inscriptions in Latin from the Roman era. The first documented mention of the town is in a 12th-century record. Pretoro's name may derive from the word "preta", an earlier form of the word "pietra" or stone. The town stands on a rocky landscape that does not lend itself to farming. Because the town is surrounded by beech-forest, the people of Pretoro have specialized over the centuries in woodcarving.
Attractions.
Pretoro is composed of a cluster of stone buildings which climb the steep mountainside; the oldest part of the town is at the highest point, while down below is a newer section.
The most important memento of Pretoro's past is the 13th century Sanctuary of the Madonna della Mazza, located a little above the town. This was a hermitage built by Benedictine and Cistercian monks from Santa Maria Arabona at Manoppello. An important work of art is the 16th century sculpture of the "Pietà" preserved in the church of San Nicola.
Within the town's territory is a nature preserve, the Riserva Naturale Valle del Foro.
Additional information.
The townsfolk spoke their own dialect with some very interesting pronunciations for words and/or expressions. For example, the translation for the following would be:
English I went out last night.
Italian Sono uscito ieri sera.
Pretorese So 'schoit sair.
There have been several books published also, including a 'census' from 1745.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2856086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856086" title="Ishu Patel">
Ishu Patel

Ishu Patel is an animation film director/producer and educator. During his twenty-five years at the National Film Board of Canada he developed animation techniques and styles to support his themes and vision.
Background.
Ishu Patel was born in the State of Gujarat, India. He received his B.F.A. from the Faculty of Fine Arts, M.S.University of Baroda, Gujarat. He was among the first cohort of faculty trainees hired at the newly formed National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, a design school created by the Government of India under the auspices of the well known textile industrialist family of Gautam and Gira Sarabhai, and based on the recommendations and ideals of Ray and Charles Eames. During these early years of faculty training, a stream of extraordinary international experts was invited to the National Institute of Design for periods of work and faculty training: Ray and Charles Eames; Buckminster Fuller; Architects Louis Khan and Otto Frie; Furniture Designer George Nakashima; Photographer Henri Cartier-Bresson; Typographer and Designer Adrian Frutiger; Graphic Designers Armin Hoffman, Bob Gill and Ivan Chermayeff; Textile Designers Helena Parhentupa and Alexander Girard; Children's book writer and illustrator Leo Lioni and Animator Gulio Gianini and many others. During this time Ishu Patel worked closely with Armin Hoffman, Bob Gill, Adrian Frutiger, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Charles and Ray Eames, Leo Lionni, and Gulio Gianini.
Through a Ford Foundation Grant provided to the National Institute of Design, Ishu Patel finished his post graduate studies in Graphic Design under Armin Hoffman at the Allgemeine Gewerbeschule in Basel, Switzerland. He returned to the National Institute of Design where he taught and became Head of Visual Communications.
Career.
A Rockefeller Foundation Scholarship brought Ishu Patel to the National Film Board of Canada to study animation filmmaking for a year, and in 1972 he joined the NFB. For twenty-five years under the NFB mandate Ishu Patel produced and directed personal animated films and mentored young filmmakers. There he adapted and developed several notable techniques: the Norman McLaren technique of multiple passes and variable exposures he employed for the abstract film "Perspectrum"; the under-lit plasticene technique he discovered and developed for "Afterlife" and "Top Priority"; under-lit pin holes with multiple passes he developed for the film "Paradise"; and the procedures for moving thousands of tiny beads under an ever zooming camera he developed in "The Bead Game".
He co-produced animation with NHK of Japan and Channel Four of Britain, and contributed many French language segments to Sesame Street for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. His many international awards include the British Academy Award, two Oscar nominations, the Silver Bear Award at the Berlin Film Festival, Grand Prix at the Annecy International Animation Film Festival, and Grand Prix at the Montreal World Film Festival. He is particularly known for his 1977 film "Bead Game" which was nominated for an Academy Award.
Teaching and Master Classes.
Through the National Film Board of Canada's Outreach Program Ishu Patel conducted animation workshops with the Inuit artists of Cape Dorset, Nunavut, with healthcare fieldworkers in Ghana, and with students in the former Yugoslavia, in Korea, Japan and the USA. During those years he returned regularly to Ahmedabad, India where he often taught his approaches and techniques to the animation students at his alma mater, the National Institute of Design, and contributed assistance in formulating the animation program.
After leaving the NFBC in 1998 he conducted student workshops at the Kaywon School of Art and Design, and the Animation Academy of South Korea, in Seoul. In 2000 he joined the University of Southern California, School of Cinema and Television, Department of Animation and Digital Arts, in Los Angeles, where he was granted tenure.[http://anim.usc.edu/about_history.html
Upon returning to his studio in Canada he continued mentoring young faculty and developing curricula. He undertook an analysis of the Zee Institute of Creative Art Animation Program and Curriculum, in Mumbai, India, while conducting a two month series of Master Classes at the ZICA Schools in Mumbai, Hyderabad, and Kolkatta.
In 2006 Ishu Patel conducted a series of lectures and seminars geared for the Indian animation industry of India, in Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai, sponsored by the National Institute of Design.
He has been invited to conduct Master Classes at Bezalel Academy of Art and Design, Jerusalem, the University of Buffalo Media Arts Program and the Animation Image Society of Toronto. He has given week-long Master Classes at the School of Animation, Communication University of China, Beijing, and at the School of Animation, Southwest University of Nationalities, Chengdu, China.
He presently is Visiting Professor at the School of Art, Design and Media, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Awards.
"Moondust:"
"Divine Fate:"
"Paradise/Paradis:"
"Top Priority:"
"Afterlife:"
"Bead Game"

</doc>
<doc id="2856087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856087" title="The Point, Cardiff">
The Point, Cardiff

The Point was a church-turned-popular music venue in Cardiff Bay, Cardiff, Wales.
The Point was situated in the old merchant's quarter of Mount Stuart Square. The square was named after Lord Mount Stuart, who represented Wales in Parliament during the Napoleonic period. The focal point of the square was a church, constructed around 1900, that would later be turned into The Point.
The church was constructed in 1900 to replace a temporary iron frame church and opened as the chapel of St. Mary's. In 1912, it became a separate parish under the name of St. Stephen.
In May 1975 it became a Grade II listed building, presently listed as "The Point (Formerly St Stephen's Church)". The parish was deconsecrated in 1992 and the church was used as a community center and theater until 2001, when it was purchased by its current owners. Tremendous renovations in 2003 transformed the church to a venue for live music performance and regular club-nights, including Bogiez. The entire building was restored and much of the original architecture was kept, including all the stained glass windows. The Point is now equipped with a fully functional and permanent stage, lighting system, in-house PA, and projection system.
On 27 January 2009, The Point announced its closure on its website, citing reasons such as continued noise complaints from neighbours and debt.

</doc>
<doc id="2856102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856102" title="Percy Sparks">
Percy Sparks

Roderick Percy Sparks (1880–1959) was a Canadian manufacturer and environmentalist. He is widely credited with being the Father of Gatineau Park.
Born on March 7, 1880 in Ottawa, Canada, Sparks was the great grandnephew of Ottawa pioneer Nicholas Sparks. Educated at the Ottawa Public School, and the Ottawa Collegiate Institute, he was a garment manufacturer as well as president and executive committee member of various commercial associations, including the Canadian Manufacturers Association.
He served as the president/commodore of the Britannia Boating Club from 1910-13. 
Gatineau Hills.
The Ottawa Journal of March 30, 1959 credited Percy Sparks with being the “father of the Gatineau Park,” adding that, as chairman of the Federal Woodlands Preservation League from 1937 to 1947, he “brought about the first purchase by the Dominion government of what is now […] Gatineau Park.” On May 12, 1955, the same paper said that “Mr. Sparks and his associates are generally credited with ‘selling’ the late Prime Minister Mackenzie King the idea of setting aside a national recreation area on the outskirts of Canada’s capital.”
A noted conservationist, tariff expert and successful businessman, he waged battles against government corruption in the 1920s, playing a key role in the 1926 Customs Investigation, and defended workers' rights in the 1930s, helping Conservative MP Harry Stevens establish the Select Committee on Price Spreads. He also dedicated nearly a quarter century of his life to building a park in the Gatineau Hills.
As chairman of the research committee of the Federal Woodlands Preservation League, Sparks had urged the Bennett government to commission a survey of the Gatineau forests in a letter of April 3, 1935 to Interior Minister T. G. Murphy. The importance of the resulting study was acknowledged in the 1952 annual report of the Federal District Commission:
“The government, having been concerned about the cutting of the forest cover in the Kingsmere area, authorized an extensive survey of this matter and the findings were published in the Lower Gatineau Woodlands Survey. 1938, as a result of the above-mentioned report, the Commission commenced the development of Gatineau Park by the acquisition of land.” 
While chairman of the League, Sparks also wrote several documents that were crucial to the creation and initial development of Gatineau Park. They include a December 13, 1937 memorandum to the office of Prime Minister King outlining a proposal for creating the park; a preliminary master plan proposal for Gatineau Park sent to the Federal District Commission on October 9, 1945; and a 1946 memorandum to the Standing Senate Committee on Tourist Traffic. 
Sparks also played a central role in helping orient the park’s design and development in his capacity as chairman of the Advisory Committee on Gatineau Park from 1947 to 1954. He did so by, among other things, writing the 1949 Report of the Advisory Committee on Gatineau Park and – perhaps most importantly – the 1952 Report on a Master Plan for Development of Gatineau Park (the latter being, in effect, the first comprehensive master plan for the park, though the NCC has failed to acknowledge this). 
Sparks was also a member of the Advisory Committee’s Parkway subcommittee which had been created to study the possibility of building a parkway through Gatineau Park. In July 1953, the subcommittee went on a fact-finding mission to Virginia’s Shenandoah National Park and Tennessee's Great Smoky Mountain National Park. The recommendations made in its report were largely inspired by Shenandoah’s Skyline Drive, and many of them were later implemented in Gatineau Park. The park's Étienne Brulé Lookout is a mirror image of lookouts found throughout Shenandoah.
In his last major contribution to the park, a 1956 memorandum to a joint parliamentary committee, Sparks argued that the public interest had been seriously ignored in the planning and management of Gatineau Park. He underlined that the personal, financial and political interests of area landowners exercised undue influence over park development: 
"All of the property owners in Meech Lake and Kingsmere area have a direct financial interest in the plans of the Commission [...]. In fact it is no reflection on them to say that their interest may be in direct conflict with the public interest.
Perhaps his most eloquent vision statement for the park is to be found in the 1949 Report of the Advisory Committee on Gatineau Park:
“The prime objective of this plan should be to retain throughout the main area of the park the atmosphere of the Canadian woods and preserve for all time the natural beauty of the lakes and wooded hills as an inspiration to all … While this park will serve a useful purpose as a place of recreation, bringing physical benefits, its greater purpose lies in its possibilities as a moral and spiritual force in the lives of those who visit it."
Roderick Percy Sparks died of pneumonia on March 29, 1959, following a holiday in Arizona.
Continuing influence.
Sparks' influence continues to be evident throughout Gatineau Park, most notably in policies advocated in successive NCC master plans. The extent of that influence was acknowledged in 1950 by French urban planner Jacques Gréber in his landmark report on Canada’s capital:
“The Advisory Committee to the Federal District Commission on Gatineau Park, of which Mr. P. Sparks is Chairman […] are in full and enthusiastic accord with us on the possibilities of this wooded reserve, and have, in large measure, inspired our recommendations relative to practical developments of this providential asset of the Capital Region.” 
Official recognition.
As well, the NCC recognized Sparks' key contribution to the park, albeit belatedly, when it dedicated the Roderick Percy Sparks Exhibition Hall at an official ceremony in the park's visitors centre on July 8, 2005. Speaking on that occasion, Sparks' grandson, Sandy Crawley, recalled memories of his grandfather: 
"One of the lessons I learned from my grandfather, whom we called Pop, was that you have to fight for what you believe in. Pop understood that parks like this one don’t get started on their own [...] He knew that it sometimes takes a little arm twisting to get things done."
"Pop also taught me when I was very young that if I was ever worried or agitated or upset, I could always go into the woods and I was surrounded by nature, which was really my best friend. He taught me that when I was four years old and it still serves me now that I’m 57. The park is a testament to that set of values and to his profound appreciation for nature."
Words from his eldest granddaughter, Ms. Michal Anne Crawley, were also spoken during the dedication ceremony: 
"Pop gave us an appreciation for nature and a heritage which, even if we live in cities, can never be taken away. It is in our blood. And in our family’s particular blood are the Gatineau Hills, thanks to him. We hope Gatineau Park will continue to give that heritage to all who visit. It is a special place, one to be cherished and taken care of." 
His grandson, Rod Crawley, also related vivid impressions of Percy Sparks:
“I remember holding his hand, being led on walks along well-worn paths, made by him, listening to and witnessing the unfolding natural world. What especially struck me as a child were the animals of the forest and the relationship they have with each other, and with the forces of nature, which I was able to witness on a daily basis.
“Pop built a wonderful set of swings at ‘Stone Acres,’ his farm on the Meech Lake Road. The ropes were so long we could touch the leaves of the tall maples with our toes – like flying, if only for an instant.
“He built a dam on one of the creeks that ran through the property and created a small pond on which we skated with joy each winter. He built a barn, and chicken house. The barn had a tin roof. To be inside it, and hear the rain on the tin roof was one of our coziest feelings.”

</doc>
<doc id="2856111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856111" title="Fernando Platas">
Fernando Platas

Fernando Platas (born March 16, 1973 in Mexico City) is a Mexican diver. He began diving since he was a young boy. In 1990 he won in Germany two tests of 2 and 10 metres, and in that same year he won three gold medals in the Central American Games which took place in Mexico City.
In 1992, he represented Mexico in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain and in 1993 he won a silver medal in the FINA Championships.
Winner of the silver medal in the FINA Championships, for 1999 he won the gold medal in the 3 metre springboard.
During the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia he won the silver medal in the 3 metre springboard.
In his résumé, he is also distinguished by winning the Sport National Award in 1995, and he has been twice the standard-bearer of the Mexican Olympic Delegation in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics, in Athens, Greece.
He ran the National Action Party federal deputy for the Federal Electoral District XXIV Mexico State in the elections of 2009 . 

</doc>
<doc id="2856116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856116" title="Mehamn">
Mehamn

Mehamn (; ) is a the administrative centre of Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The village is located on the small Vedvik peninsula, itself part of the greater Nordkinn Peninsula, at the southern end of the Mehamnfjorden, a bay off of the Barents Sea. The village of Gamvik lies about to the east and the village of Kjøllefjord (in Lebesby Municipality) lies about to the southwest. Mehamn Chapel is located in this village. The village has a population (2013) of 737, which gives the village a population density of .
Transportation.
Norwegian County Road 888 connects Mehamn to the European route E06 highway at the base of the Nordkinn Peninsula, and from there on to the towns of Kirkenes in the east and Alta in the west. Mehamn is a port of call for the Hurtigruten coastal ship. Mehamn is also connected by air via Mehamn Airport, with services by Widerøe to the nearby town of Tromsø.
History.
Whaling.
Svend Foyn established the whaling station in Mehamn that was built in 1884-1885. It was put into use starting in the spring of 1885, and it became the largest of its kind in Finnmark county. After Foyn’s death in 1894, the whaling station was run by Foyn’s whaling company. Svend Foyn also established the Svend Foyn Chapel, in Mehamn starting in 1887.
Mehamn Rebellion.
The background for the Mehamn rebellion was a period of miserable cod and capelin fishing. The fishermen blamed the local whaling. They believed that the whales chased the fish towards the shore. With few whales left, the fish stayed out of reach. Frustrations were growing by the day during spring of 1903. By Whitsunday, about 2000 angry fishermen were in harbour in Mehamn. At the time, the village had 123 permanent residents.
When the new manager of the whaling station denied help to a fishing boat that came from sea with a broken helm, the fishermen had had enough. On the 2nd of June 1903, a large number of them gathered outside the factory. During the following two days, machinery was destroyed, chimneys were torn down, and the large steam boilers were sunk. The guard and the single police officer could do nothing but watch. Military forces from Vardø and Harstad were mobililized, but did not reach Mehamn before the factory was completely destroyed and the situation was calm again.
Some of the vandals were caught and convicted. They received very light sentences in jail and then the following autumn, general elections were held, and the Labour Party, which had fought for the protection of the whales, entered parliament for the first time with four MPs. They all represented the three northernmost counties of Norway. They were said to have “ridden to Parliament on a whale’s back.” In December, a law was passed ensuring the preservation of the whales in Norwegian waters off the coast of Nordland, Troms and Finnmark.
1982 air crash.
On 11 March 1982, a Widerøe Twin Otter crashed into the sea on approach to Mehamn Airport during flight from Berlevåg Airport, killing all on board. Despite controversies regarding the cause of the crash, clear-air turbulence over the Mehamnfjorden was determined as the official cause.

</doc>
<doc id="2856119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856119" title="Douglas Yeo">
Douglas Yeo

Douglas Yeo (born 1955 in Monterey, California) was bass trombonist in the Boston Symphony Orchestra from 1985 to 2012, where he held the John Moors Cabot Bass Trombone Chair. He was also on the faculty of the New England Conservatory. In 2012 he retired from the BSO and accepted a position as professor of trombone at the Arizona State University School of Music.
Background.
Born in Monterey, California in 1955, Yeo holds a bachelor of music degree with honors from Wheaton College in Illinois and a master of arts degree from New York University. His principal teachers were Edward Kleinhammer and Keith Brown. 
Before joining the Boston Symphony Orchestra/Boston Pops Orchestra in May 1985, Yeo was a member of the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, (1981–1985), and was on the faculties of the Peabody Conservatory of Music, in Baltimore, and The Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C.. His background has included a four-year tenure with the Goldman Band, and performances with the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, the Mostly Mozart Festival Orchestra, the Gerry Mulligan Big Band, and orchestras for numerous Broadway shows. 
In 1998, he was named Music Director of the New England Brass Band, which has released four compact disc recordings under his direction. In 2006, the New England Brass Band, under Mr. Yeo's direction, won first place in the Honors Section at the North American Brass Band Association National Championship, held in Louisville, Kentucky.
He has announced his retirement from the BSO, effective "on August 27, 2012, at the conclusion of the Tanglewood 75th anniversary season." He moved to Arizona, where he has been appointed Professor of Trombone at Arizona State University (Tempe).
Historic brass speciality.
In addition to playing the bass trombone, Yeo plays bass trumpet, contrabass trombone, and has become a leading exponent of historical brasses such as the buccin, serpent, ophicleide and bass sackbut. 
Other activities.
Since coming to Boston, Yeo has been extensively involved in teaching. In addition to his position at the New England Conservatory, he has four times been on the faculty of the annual Hamamatsu (Japan) International Wind Academy and Seminar. Other residencies have included his participation in the 2003 University of Dayton (Ohio) Carillon Brass Festival and as the first "Visiting Artist" in residence at Lexington (Massachusetts) Christian Academy (2003). 
A prolific writer, Mr. Yeo has written more than thirty articles on the trombone and orchestral playing for various publications, including International Musician, The Instrumentalist, The Brass Herald, Christianity Today, the Historic Brass Society Journal, the International Trombone Association Journal, and the T.U.B.A. Journal. 
He has done extensive research in the Boston Symphony archives, resulting in the publication of four photo/historical articles on BSO brass players from 1881 to the present; he mounted an exhibit at Symphony Hall on the history and hobbies of members of the Boston Symphony from 1881 to the present during the 1993-94 season. In 2000, he wrote a trombone teaching curriculum for the University of Reading's (United Kingdom) Music Teaching in Private Practice Initiative of their Department of Arts and Humanities in Education. 
He is the co-author, along with Edward Kleinhammer, of "Mastering the Trombone". He is also actively involved in the work of the Boston Symphony Orchestra Youth Activities office.
Yeo was the plaintiff in a 1994 court case, Yeo vs. Lexington, that tested important issues in scholastic media law. In 1997 Yeo lost on appeal and carried the case to the US Supreme court which declined to hear it.

</doc>
<doc id="2856125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856125" title="Coal Exchange">
Coal Exchange

The Coal Exchange was a live music venue in Cardiff, Wales, originally used a market floor for trading in coal. 
Coal Exchange is situated in Cardiff Bay, near The Point, Cardiff, and is used extensively for live music and other events on the Cardiff music scene. It has a capacity of 1,000.
As of August 7th 2013, the Coal Exchange is closed indefinitely, due to building safety issues.
History.
Before the Coal Exchange was built in Mount Stuart Square, the area was a residential square with a central garden. It was taken over by commerce as the city grew in prosperity. Coal merchants used to chalk up the changing prices of coal on slates outside their offices or struck deals in the local public houses. 
As Cardiff became the biggest coal port in the world, the building was constructed between 1883 and 1886 by Edwin Seward as a base from which to conduct trade negotiations regarding the coal mines of the South Wales Valleys - most of which was shipped to Cardiff for distribution. 
The building played an important role in the industrial Cardiff of the 19th century. Paired Corinthian columns, an oak balcony, and rich wood paneling adorn the trading hall, which was reconstructed by Edwin Seward in 1911.
Following its opening, coal owners, ship owners and their agents met daily on the floor of the trading hall where agreements were made by word of mouth and telephone . During the peak trading hour of midday to one o'clock, the floor might have as many as 200 men gesticulating and shouting. It was estimated that up to 10,000 people would pass in and out of the building each day. At one time the price of the world's coal was determined here.
It is claimed that the first £1,000,000 business deal was made at the Coal Exchange during a transaction at the turn of the 20th century in 1901. 2500 tonnes of coal were transported to France.
Post-war period.
Cardiff's reliance on coal made the Bute Docks highly vulnerable to any downturn in the demand for it. With the end of the war the docks went into further decline. The Coal exchange closed in 1958 and coal exports came to an end in 1964.
The Coal Exchange was earmarked in 1979 as a future home of the proposed Welsh Assembly, but the plan for devolution was rejected by the Welsh people in a referendum.
The building became Grade II* listed in 1975
Re-opening.
In 1988 the building was re-acquired and subsequently completely refurbished in 2001 to turn it into a major venue. The venue has hosted acts such as the Arctic Monkeys, Manic Street Preachers, Ocean Colour Scene, Stereophonics and Biffy Clyro.
Access.
Coal Exchange is served by Cardiff Bay railway station and Cardiff Bus service 7, 8, 35, and Baycar.

</doc>
<doc id="2856134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856134" title="Hinckley and Bosworth Council election, 1995">
Hinckley and Bosworth Council election, 1995

Elections to Hinckley and Bosworth Council were held on 4 May 1995. The whole council was up for election. The Conservative Party lost overall control of the council. The overall turnout was 43.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="2856135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856135" title="La Seo Cathedral">
La Seo Cathedral

The Cathedral of the Savior () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Zaragoza, Spain. It is part of the World Heritage Site "Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon".
The cathedral is located on the Plaza de la Seo and is commonly known as La Seo (Aragonese for "see") to distinguish it from the nearby "El Pilar", whose name (pillar) is a reference to an apparition of Mary in Zaragoza (also known as Saragossa). The two share co-cathedral status in metropolitan Zaragoza.
History.
Origin.
The location of the Seo has its roots in the old Roman forum. Unlike other Roman city forums, the forum of Caesaraugusta was not located at the confluence of the Cardus and the Decumanus, but instead near the Ebro river, adjoining the river port. The forum, besides being the civic and commercial center of the city, contained the main temple. The Museum of the Forum is found below the plaza del Pilar, across from the facade of the cathedral. There have been no remains found of either a Visigoth or a Mozarabic church. 
The Mosque.
Hanas ben Abdallah as San'ani (? – 718), a disciple of someone close to Mohammed, built the main mosque of Saraqusta al Baida, Zaragoza la Blanca, according to al-Humauydí (1029–1095). The main mosque is certainly one of the oldest of Al-Andalus. The edifice underwent two additions, one in the 9th century and one in the 11th century, under the Taifa king of Zaragoza, Mundir I. During the restoration completed in 1999, a number of remains were discovered, such as the impression of the minaret on the external walls, and the floor of the ancient structure. In addition, the entrance was located in the same place as that of the current cathedral.
The arrival in Zaragoza in 1118 of Alfonso I, the Battler did not lead to the immediate demolition of the mosque. He gave the Muslims one year to move out of the town, and on October 4, 1121, the building was consecrated under the name San Salvador, and the necessary renovations were made to allow the building to be used for Christian purposes.
The Romanesque Cathedral.
The destruction of the mosque and the construction of the Late Romanesque cathedral began in 1140. The new church, with a basilical layout consisting of a transept and three naves ending in apses, constructed of stone, owed much stylistically to the Cathedral of Jaca, from which it took various elements. Besides the church building itself, it had an archive, a refectory, a nursery, and two cloisters. From this era the lower part of two of the apses is still preserved, with small windows between inscribed capitals depicted, adorned with so-called "checkered jaqués" on the outside, and, inside, a set of sculptures that at present are hidden behind the main altarpiece. The construction of the original cathedral continued throughout the 13th century.
From 1204 up until the 15th century, all Aragonese kings were crowned in this church, by a special privilege bestowed by Pope Innocent III. The king, who the previous night had kept watch over his armaments in the Aljafería, would approach from there in a procession. The ceremony included four parts: investiture of weapons, unction with holy oil, placing of the crown and the royal insignia, and oath of the "fueros" (statutes) and liberties of the Kingdom of Aragon. The last king to be crowned in La Seo was Charles I. Later kings needed only to swear to the "fueros". Royal baptisms, weddings, and burials were also performed in the cathedral.
The Gothic-Mudéjar Cathedral.
In 1318 Pope John XXII created the archbishopric of Zaragoza, making it independent of the see of Tarragona, and with that the building became a metropolitan cathedral. From this point the additions were carried out using cheap materials that were found nearby in abundance: bricks and plaster. Under the supervision of the archbishop Pedro López de Luna (1317–1345) a Gothic church with three naves (the present three central naves) was built, keeping the Romanesque apses. The central nave was built higher than those on the sides, making it possible to create windows that from 1447 would be covered with stained glass. In 1346 a Mudéjar dome was started to provide light at the altar, with the participation of the masters Juan de Barbastro and Domingo Serrano. The work was finished in 1376, when Don Lope Fernández de Luna was already archbishop, creating a spacious, well-lit Gothic cathedral.
In 1360, during the archbishopric of Don Lope Fernández de Luna, the main facade was renovated and the so-called Parroquieta was built, all in the Mudéjar style. The only thing that has been preserved is the Parroquieta or parochial chapel of San Miguel Archangel, that was built as a closed and independent chapel inside the building, and that archbishop Don Lope designed as a funeral chapel. The construction, elegantly carried out in Gothic-Mudéjar style, is a unique example of the work of the Aragonese masters and the Seville builders, who covered the exterior wall with geometric drawings made of smooth brick and glazed ceramic. In the interior, the roof is constructed of gilded wood, also in the Mudéjar style.
Renaissance.
In 1403 the old dome fell down. The Antipope Benedict XIII ("Papa Luna"), Aragonese by birth, initiated a reconstruction of the building. The Romanesque apses were elevated, two towers buttressing the sides of the apses were added, and a new dome was built in the shape of a Papal Tiara. Decorated in 1409 by the master Mohammed Rami, it may have been viewed by Benedict XIII on his visit to the city in 1410.
The main altarpiece was constructed during the archbishopric of Don Dalmau de Mur y Cervelló (1431–1456). Dalmau Mur concentrated on beautifying the interior of the building, taking charge of, besides the main altarpiece, the chorus and other smaller constructions.
On September 14, 1485, Pedro de Arbués, the canon and head Inquisitor of Aragón, was assassinated in the cathedral as he was praying while wearing a helmet and chain mail. This was the consequence of the bad reception that the Inquisition had in Aragón, where it was seen as an attack by the crown on the "fueros", the local laws and privileges. In particular, some of the most powerful families among the converted Jews - such as the Sánchez, Montesa, Paternoy, and Santángel families - were implicated in the assassination. As a consequence, there arose a popular movement against the Jews; "nine were finally executed "in persona", in addition to two suicides, thirteen burnings at the stake, and four punished for complicity" according to the account of Jerónimo Zurita. Pedro de Arbués was sainted by Pope Pius IX in 1867; his sepulchre, designed by Gil Morlanes the elder, is found within the cathedral in the chapel of San Pedro Arbués.
During the 16th and 17th century, the cathedral was one of the centers of the Aragonese school of polyphonic music. Musicians Melchor Robledo, Sebastián Aguilera de Heredia, Pedro Ruimonte, Diego Pontac, Jusépe Ximénez and Andrés de Sola, among others, worked and composed there.
Recent centuries.
The long-standing rivalry between the canons of El Pilar and of La Seo was well known in the 17th century. The cathedral chapter of El Pilar even brought a suit to win the episcopal seat, a suit that was decided by Philip IV in favor of La Seo. The disputes would not be resolved until, in 1676, Pope Clement X made the Solomon-like decision to merge the two chapters via the Bull of Union. Six prebendaries and 15 canons would reside in La Seo, and the same in El Pilar, and the dean would live six months in each one.
Also during the 17th century, the old and decrepit "Mudéjar" tower was pulled down, and in 1686 construction was begun on a new one. The new tower, which was designed in Rome in 1683 by Juan Bautista Contini in the Baroque style, was started in 1686 and finished in 1704 with the placement of the spire.
The front was constructed in the 18th century in an Italian-Baroque style that was clearly of a neoclassic aspect. It was entrusted by the Archbishop Añoa to Julian Yarza, a disciple of Ventura Rodríguez.
During the second half of the 20th century, a thorough restoration of the building took place, which lasted some 23 years. The project can be divided into four stages:
In total more than two billion pesetas were spent by the Government of Aragon, the Archbishopric of Zaragoza and the Metropolitan Chapter, the Department of Education and Culture of Spain, Ibercaja, and Caja de Ahorros de la Inmaculada. As of 2005, the sacristy was still in the process of being restored.
Architectural styles.
La Seo was built on the site of the ancient Roman forum of Augustus and of the main mosque of the Moorish city of Saraqusta, elements of whose minaret form part of the current tower. The construction began in the 12th century in the Romanesque style, and underwent many alterations and expansions until 1704, when the Baroque spire completed the tower.
The cathedral is a mixture of styles, from the Romanesque apse (12th century) to the Baroque tower and Neo-Classical main door (18th century), passing through Mudéjar and Gothic. Of the diverse styles that make up La Seo Cathedral, the most important elements are:
The cathedral's museum is currently (as of 2006) being restored and is closed to the public.
Interior.
Beginning with the foot of the cathedral, the chapels on the right side:
Beginning with the foot of the cathedral, the chapels on the left side:
Choir:
Apses:

</doc>
<doc id="2856137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856137" title="Eastern long-necked turtle">
Eastern long-necked turtle

The eastern long-necked turtle ("Chelodina longicollis"), is a widely distributed long necked species that inhabits a wide variety of of water bodies and is an opportunistic feeder. It is a side-necked turtle (Pleurodire), meaning that it bends its head sideways into its shell rather than pulling it directly back. 
Distribution.
The species is found throughout south eastern Australia where it is found west of Adelaide (South Australia) eastwards throughout Victoria and New South Wales, and northwards to the Fitzroy River of Queensland. Where the species comes in contact with "Chelodina canni" they freely hybridise exhibiting hybrid vigor in the Styx River Drainage of Queensland. 
Description.
The carapace is generally black in color though some may be brown, it is broad and flattened with a deep medial groove. The scutes are edged in black in those individuals with a lighter background color. The plastron is also very broad and is cream to yellow in color with sutures edged in black. The neck is long and narrow, typical of the subgenus "Chelodina", and reaches a length of approximately 60% of the carapace length. The neck has numerous small pointed tubercles and is grey to black in color dorsally, cream below, as is the narrow head. Females tend to grow to larger sizes and have deeper bodies. The maximum sizes recorded for females and males varies throughout the range, in river environments of the Murray it is and respectively, whereas in the Latrobe Valley it is and respectively. It is thought this is linked to productivity of the local environment.
When it feels threatened, this turtle will emit an offensive smelling fluid from its musk glands. This trait gives the turtle one of its other common names, "stinker" (Eisner et al., 1978).
The eastern long-necked turtle is carnivorous, eating a variety of animals. This includes insects, worms, tadpoles, frogs, small fish, crustaceans, and molluscs. 
Reproduction.
In early summer, the female will lay between 2 and 10 eggs in the banks of her aquatic habitat. Three to five months later the hatchlings break out of their shells. These young turtles often fall prey to predators such as fish and birds. Females will lay 1 to 3 clutches of eggs per year.

</doc>
<doc id="2856140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856140" title="Greek Orthodox Church and Museum, Miskolc">
Greek Orthodox Church and Museum, Miskolc

The Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church and its Liturgical Museum can be found in the Downtown of Miskolc (7 Deák square.)
The church was built between 1785 and 1806 in Zopf style. Its furniture is also in Zopf style, from the late 18th century. It is a listed historic monument. The church houses one the largest iconostases in Europe (16 m high, with 88 pictures of the life of Jesus). The Baroque iconostasis was carved in the workshop of Miklós Jankovits of Eger, the pictures (with the exception of four of them) were painted by Anton Kuchelmeister of Vienna. The copy of the Akhtyrka Icon of the Mother of God was a gift from Empress Catherine II of Russia.
The Orthodox believers already had a small chapel in the early 18th century (St. Naum Chapel), which stood on today's Széchenyi street. The building of the church was decided in the second part of the century. Originally they planned to build a large church with an onion dome, designed by Johannes Michart, but it was opposed by the (mainly Protestant) leaders of the city and by those who were accustomed to the more conservative artistic styles of the period. It was finally decided that the church would be built according to the design by Johann Michael Schajdlet. The interior is divided into three parts: entrance hall, naos, and sanctuary.
A school (1805), a hospital and a parsonage were also built next to the church. The churchyard also served as a burial place, several of the marble tombstones are still there.
The "Orthodox Liturgical Museum of Hungary" houses the richest Orthodox liturgical collection of Hungary. The museum was opened in the building of the former school in 1988. Its permanent exhibition shows the history and arts of the Orthodox Church and schools. The first room resembles a chapel, recalling the atmosphere of Greek chapels where believers worshiped before large Baroque churches were built. In the second room visitors can see goldsmith's work and liturgical clothes, while in the third room the icon collection is exhibited.

</doc>
<doc id="2856151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856151" title="Carlos Salces">
Carlos Salces

Carlos Salces (born 29 February 1972 in Mexico City) is a self-made producer-writer-director-editor. 
His passion for films began at age 11 while working as an actor in "Redondo" by Raúl Busteros and began working in feature films with prominent Mexican directors involving himself with all aspects of film-making and developing his first video shorts and documentaries at a very early age. In 1990, he directed "Aquí No Pasa Nada" (Nothing Happens Here) his first feature-length home video. 
He established himself working as an editor in 1993 for various feature films and in the same year he directed the controversial short film "Cuarto Oscuro" (Dark Room).
Awards.
In 1995 he received an Ariel Award from the Mexican Academy of Film, and the Critics and Press Association Award (Silver Goddess) for Best Editing for his work in Bienvenido-Welcome. In 1999 his short film "En el Espejo del Cielo" (In the Mirror of the Sky) was awarded with more than forty international awards around the world in festivals like Huesca, Palm Springs, Montreal, La Habana, Clermont-Ferrand, Berlin, Oberhausen, and the Mexican Academy Award for best short film among many others. His next short film "Las Olas del Tiempo" (The Waves of Time) was also selected for many international festivals and received the Europe Canal Plus Award among others. 
"Zurdo", his first feature film, had seven nominations for the Arieles (Mexican Films Awards) achieving four and ten nominations for the Silver Goddess (Mexican Press Awards) and won three. It also won the Jury’s and the Press’ Awards at the Iberoamerican Film Festival in Montreal, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2856156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856156" title="Russia Jet Direct">
Russia Jet Direct

Russia Jet Direct was a short-lived regularly scheduled airline offering passenger transportation, including Hot Shot Cargo and Rapid Document Service, between the United States and the Russian Far East. The airline was American-operated.
The fleet consisted of Boeing 757-200ER aircraft through Ryan International Airlines. Russia Jet Direct flew the only direct route from Houston and Anchorage to Sakhalin Island-Yuzhno.
Russia Jet Direct operated between August and September, 2005. The former principals are hoping to relaunch the airline as Saber Air.
On January 7, 2007, the flight information display at the Anchorage airport displayed a Russia Jet Direct flight arriving from Oakland, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="2856157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856157" title="Dude, Where's the Party?">
Dude, Where's the Party?

"Dude, Where's the Party? aka Where's the party yaar?" is a 2003 film directed by Benny Mathews. It stars Kal Penn and Sunil Malhotra. It is a comedic film that focuses mainly on the Indian American experience.
Plot.
Harishkumar S. Patel (Sunil Malhotra) is a geeky student from a small village in Gujarat, India who is attending the University of Houston, while living with his uncle (his father's best friend). His uncle, Dr. Bakshi, has an American-born son who's Hari's age, Mohan Bakshi (Kal Penn). Mohan, known as Mo, is a popular student at UH. He shows Hari around the college but then stays away from him because of Hari's nerdy ways.
Hari, meanwhile, is overly excited because of an astrological prediction that was made by a holy man. The famous astrologer told Hari that he'll meet his "Sapno Ki Raani" (the girl of his dreams) in America and her name will begin with a "P." Hari then meets Priya (Tina Cherian), a Malayali studying fashion, and falls in love with her. In the meanwhile, Mo falls in love with Janvi Valia (Serena Varghese), a Punjabi girl, but things don't go as planned when Mo invites Janvi to a party. In the film's conclusion, Mo learns important things about his culture, and Hari overcomes his challenges. This film is primarily a comedic portrayal of young Indian Americans going through life.

</doc>
<doc id="2856165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856165" title="Baker Mountain (West Virginia)">
Baker Mountain (West Virginia)

Baker Mountain is a mountain ridge in southeastern Hampshire County, West Virginia. The mountain runs southwest northeast between Yellow Spring and the Hardy County line. Baker Mountain is flanked to its east by the Cacapon River with West Virginia Route 259 running parallel between the two. Its forests were once used as a major source of timber for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's rail ties. For this reason, the Winchester and Western Railroad was constructed through the Capon Valley in the 1920s to haul the timber harvested in the region to Winchester, Virginia for railroad tie production. The communities of Capon Lake and Intermont lie at the foot of Baker Mountain on the Cacapon.

</doc>
<doc id="2856167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856167" title="Pain Clinic">
Pain Clinic

The Pain Clinic is a pro wrestling talk show that airs on Sportsradio 1280 WHTK in Rochester, New York. The show was created by Sam Fantauzzo and Rich Jones and debuted on November 14, 1998, with "Dr. Love", "the Cashman" Richie Rich, and "Mad Dog" Bobby Rodgers as hosts. The show covers the major news and interviews the who's who in the world of wrestling.
It will celebrate its 15th year on the air on 1280 WHTK this November. The show can be heard online at whtk.com and the mobile phone iheartradio app.
Announcers.
The Pain Clinic roster currently consists of the host "The Cashman" Richie Rich ('98-present) and co-hosts Danger Boy ('98-present), "The Artiste" Rob Sanderson ('01-present), JZ ('07-present)and "DC" Dan Cole ('12-present). 
The Pain Clinic can be found online at www.feelthepain.net and airs live both online and over the radio airwaves every Saturday morning, 10:05 AM EST, on Sportsradio 1280 AM WHTK. The Pain Clinic can also be found on iTunes as a "Podcast".

</doc>
<doc id="2856168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856168" title="Plumpton railway station">
Plumpton railway station

Plumpton railway station serves Plumpton Green in East Sussex. England. Train services are provided by Southern.
A public telephone is available at the station. On Platform 2 a metal seat is on the platform and one further seat under the platform roof. Platform 1 has a roof and shelter with 2 metal seats. There are help points with Braille signs to help passengers find out recorded information about trains running through Plumpton station. There is also a car park with 2 disabled parking spaces. 
A staffed station, with a booking office open from 06:45 - 11:45 Monday to Friday on the Eastbourne-bound platform, was re-introduced here in the early 2000s, whilst a PERTIS ticket machine is also located on the London-bound platform. A Shere passenger-operated self-service ticket machines is located on the Eastbourne-bound platform; this had to be renewed in 2009 following a vandal attack on the previous machine shortly after it was installed.
The station adjoins Plumpton Racecourse. A separate 'Race Platform' was provided immediately to the north of the existing station and provided direct entry to the racecourse. Sometime in the 1980s, in line with a switch from public to private travel, the falling number of racegoers could be safely handled at the station and the race platforms were taken out of use.
An hourly service runs in each direction, with additional trains at peak periods.
History.
Plumpton lies on the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway "cut-off" line between Keymer Junction, near Wivelsfield on the Brighton Main Line, and Lewes. The erstwhile "Brighton, Lewes and Hastings Railway" were authorised to build the line in 1845; the LBSCR purchased it and opened the link on 1 October 1847. However, there was no immediate demand for services and the station did not open until June 1863.
The road crossing was established in 1849 and was hand operated until the establishment of the Signal Box in 1891. That signal box, now reduced in status to a crossing box, under the supervision of Three Bridges PSB, remains as a Grade II Listed Building.

</doc>
<doc id="2856170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856170" title="Nahal Beka">
Nahal Beka

Nahal Beka ("lit." Valley Stream) is a neighborhood in Beersheba, Israel. It is its southernmost neighborhood.
In the 1990s, Nahal Beka had a large Russian immigrant population living in caravans and trailer homes. Since then, wealthier members of the Russian Jewish population have moved there and pushed for better services. Sports facilities have been built, and members of the community established the Center of Caucasian Immigrants.
Another organization in Nahal Beka is the United Russian Immigrants (URI), headed by the Putski family, which is working to improve local infrastructure and establish schools, businesses and cultural facilities.
American Jewish philanthropists have inaugurated a program in Nahal Beka to assist new immigrant youth from the Caucasus integrate in Israeli society. Youngsters aged 13–16 take part in a variety of after-school programs together with native-born Israelis that include field trips, leadership workshops and a summer camp.

</doc>
<doc id="2856189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856189" title="Caleb Gattegno">
Caleb Gattegno

Caleb Gattegno (1911–1988) Alexandria, Egypt is best known for his innovative approaches to teaching and learning mathematics (Visible & Tangible Math), foreign languages (The Silent Way) and reading (Words in Color). He is also the inventor of pedagogical materials for each of these approaches, and the author of more than 120 books and hundreds of articles largely on the topics of education and human development.
Pedagogical Approach.
Caleb Gattegno’s pedagogical approach is characterised by propositions based on the observation of human learning in many and varied situations. This is a description of three of these propositions.
Learning and Effort.
Gattegno noticed that there is an “energy budget” for learning. Human beings have a highly developed sense of the economics of their own energy and are very sensitive to the cost involved in using it. It is therefore essential to teach in ways that are efficient in terms of the amount of energy spent by learners. To be able to mathematically determine whether one method was more efficient than another, he created a unit of measurement for the effort used to learn. He called that unit an "ogden", and one can only say an "ogden" has been spent if the learning was done outside of ordinary functionings, and was retained. For example, learning one word in a foreign language costs one "ogden", but if the word cannot be recalled, the "ogden" has not truly been spent. Gattegno's teaching materials and techniques were designed to be economical with "ogdens", so that the most information can be recalled with the least sense of effort. 
Certain kinds of learning are very expensive in terms of energy, i.e., "ogdens", while others are practically free. Memorization is a very expensive way to learn. The energy cost can be especially high when the content is of no particular interest to the learner. Memorizing dates in history or major exports of foreign countries is like that, for most people. School is not the only place where that kind of learning is found. Learning somebody's name or telephone number is equally arbitrary. We have to use our own energy to make such arbitrary items stick in our memories. The “mental glue” necessary is expensive, since that type of learning uses up a lot of energy.
Not only is that type of learning expensive, it tends also to be fragile. It is typically difficult to remember those kinds of items. Even when we make a great effort, we do not always succeed. We often recognise a face without being able to remember the name of the person... not to mention all that almost all of us have forgotten much of what we "learned" at school. It is not unusual for us to forget much of what we memorize.
However, there is another way of functioning, which Gattegno called retention. An example of retention is the reception of sensory images. When we look at something – a street, a film, a person, a fine view – photons move from what we are contemplating and enter our eyes to strike the retina. When we listen to something, we create auditory images in a similar way, that is, through energy that enters our system, rather than energy we allocate from inside, to memorize an arbitrary item. To retain an auditory or visual image, we have to use perhaps only an insignificant amount of our own to retain it; the amount is so small we are not aware of any effort. Such images are easily acquired and generally remain for long periods. We all have experiences similar to the following examples Gattegno offered: 
"First experience: "I recently visited a village in the south of France where I had not been for over 10 years and I was able to say, 'Oh, yes, I know. The pharmacy is over there beyond the baker’s.' I went to see and there it was. I had made no effort to memorise this village square. It had entered my mind during my previous visits and it had remained there.""
"Second experience: "I visit a supermarket and go down the aisles. I see an unexceptional woman with a trolley. Three aisles further on, I see her again. I have not tried to remember her, but I have seen her and I can recognise her again a little later.""
Our system of retention is extremely efficient. We keep in our minds a huge quantity of information simply because we have seen, heard, tasted, smelled or felt it. That ability is part of human nature. It enables us to walk about our town without getting lost, to ski or to read a book.
Gattegno proposed that we base education, not on memorization, which has a high energetic cost and is often unreliable, but on retention. The learning tools and techniques Gattegno proposed rely systematically on retention.
The Subordination of Teaching to Learning.
Gattegno argued that for pedagogical actions to be effective, teaching should be subordinated to learning, which requires that as an absolute prerequisite teachers must understand how people learn. Rather than present facts for memorization, teachers construct challenges for students to conquer. If the student cannot conquer the challenge easily, the teacher does not tell the answer, but observes and asks questions to determine where the confusion lies, and what awareness needs to be triggered in the student. 
The role of teachers is not to try to transmit knowledge, but to engender acts of awareness in their students, for only awareness is educable. Gattegno created pedagogical materials designed to provoke awarenesses. The materials are intended to be used along with techniques aimed at leading students through a succession of awarenesses. As the students progress, teachers who observe their students can see when and how they can induce a new act of awareness.
For example, he created Words in Color for learning to read. Briefly, it consists of a series of word charts using a colour code in which each colour represents a phoneme of the language. The charts are used to provoke the phonological awareness in students of the sounds they are making and the order in which they are making them thus engendering all the awarenesses of how the graphemes relate to the phonemes and of how the spatial order of writing reflects the chronological order of speech. Other charts, called Fidels, list the graphemes for each phoneme.
He also used this colour code in The Silent Way materials for learning foreign languages to enable students to identify and produce the sounds of the new language. Cuisenaire rods are used, particularly with beginners, to create visible and tangible situations from which the students can induce the structures of the language. The silence of the teacher both gives the students room to explore the language and frees the teacher to observe the students. The teacher is thus able to propose a sequence of pedagogical challenges adapted precisely to the evolution of the students’ learning. 
In his approach to teaching mathematics, manipulatives, such as Geoboards which he invented and Cuisenaire Rods which he popularised, are part of a way of systematically developing students’ mathematical thinking through the exploration of clear and tangible problems.
All the materials created by Gattegno were designed to allow teachers using them to place the accent systematically on the students’ learning rather than on what they, the teachers, do. Teachers watch their students deal with the challenges they are given, and provide them with feedback on their trials and errors. Teachers thus actively base their work on the awareness and awarenesses of the students, in the here and now. It is therefore very difficult for a teacher to closely follow a detailed lesson-plan, since the students are actively exploring the domain and have the freedom to take the lesson wherever they need it to go. The class becomes a kind of guided improvisation in which the teacher launches a challenge at a suitable level for the students, and if necessary nudges them into the awarenesses they need to have in order to learn. This is the case whatever the subject being dealt with, and is what is meant by Gattegno’s expression, “the subordination of teaching to learning”.
Only Awareness is Educable.
Gattegno found that only awareness is educable in human beings. On the path to learning, several awarenesses must be reached. The first is the awareness that there is something to be learned, some unknown to become known. The next awarenesses are triggered by experience with the subject matter. For example, rather than ask a student to write "2+2=4," Gattegno might ask them to create the number 4 in as many ways as possible with colored rods. The student can then clearly see, feel, and describe the characteristics of the number 4. Instead of memorizing "2+2=4," the student has had a mathematical experience, and become aware that "4" can be broken into parts, and that the process of breaking apart and putting together can be described in several ways.
We are constantly becoming aware of new things. When it is something significant, the awareness is often audible in the form of the “Ah!” so typical of an important realisation. However, most realisations are made much more discretely. Indeed, as we live our everyday lives, we become aware of all sorts of things at great speed throughout the day: the price of bananas, that these bananas are not ripe enough, that the price of the yoghurts has been reduced because they are close to their sell-by date …. All our life is a succession of tiny awarenesses. Until we become aware of something, that thing remains totally unknown to us. As soon as we become aware of it and integrate it into our lives, we often no longer pay attention to it. But, the moment of realisation, the act of learning is an act of awareness.
The role of the teacher in acts of learning is not to inform their students of this or that piece of information, but to help them to discover it, to perform a conscious act to become aware of it.
Gattegno suggests that learning takes place in four stages which can be described in terms of awareness.
The first stage consists in a single act of awareness: the realisation that there is something new to be explored. As long as I am unaware that there is something to be known, I cannot start to learn.
The second stage: As soon as I start to learn, I have to explore the situation in order to understand it. As I am not yet an expert in the field, I make many mistakes. These mistakes enable me to progress because by observing what happens and becoming aware of it I can adapt my attempts in relation to the feedback given by the environment. This stage ends when I know what I have to do, but I only succeed when I am wholly present in what I am doing. 
The third stage is a transitional stage. At the beginning, I am able to do what I want if I pay attention at each instant. At the end of this stage I no longer need to pay attention: the new skill has become completely automatic and because it is automatic, I am free to give my attention to learning other things.
The fourth stage is that of transfer. For the rest of my life, what I have learnt can be used for all the new skills I may wish to acquire. When I learnt to run, I used the know-how I had acquired from learning to walk. Both of these, walking and running, were useful to me when I decided to learn cross-country skiing. Each skill remains available, except in the rare cases of accident or injury, for a lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="2856190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856190" title="Keenan">
Keenan

Keenan (Cianán) is a male Irish name which means "ancient, distant". "Keenan" is an Anglicisation of the Irish name "Cianán" which is a diminutive of "Cian". The Ó Cianáin clan (Keenan) were the traditional historians to the McGuire clan.
Recorded as O'Keenan and more usually Keenan, this is an Irish surname. Found mainly in the Ulster and northern counties of Fermanagh and Monaghan, it originates from the ancient pre 10th century Gaelic name O' Cianain meaning "The descendant of the faithful one" or similar. It may not have been entirely coincidence that the clan was famous throughout the Medieval Period for producing both high-ranking members of the church, and early historians, in several cases the same thing. The first recorded scribe was Adam O' Caianain, who was also the canon of Lisgool in Fermanagh. He is mentioned in the annals known as the "Four Masters" as being the historian to the famous Maguires of County Fermanagh. It is said that in 1659 in Petty's Census of Ireland that the spelling was found as MacKeenan, but if so this spelling is now completely extinct and research suggests that the original recording may have been a clerical mistake.
According to the United States' Social Security Administration [http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/babynames/], "Keenan" was the 607th most popular first name for newborns in the United States in 2006, which is a decrease from being the 362nd most popular in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2856193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856193" title="Picket fence">
Picket fence

Picket fences are a type of fence often used decoratively for domestic boundaries, distinguished by their evenly spaced vertical boards, the "pickets", attached to horizontal rails. Until the introduction of advertising on fences in the 1980s, cricket fields were usually surrounded by picket fences, giving rise to the expression "rattling the pickets" for a ball hit firmly into the fence.
History.
Picket fences are particularly popular in the United States, where the style has been used since America's earliest colonial era and remains popular today. They are a decorative way to contain pets and children without blocking views, and are used around both front and back yards. Traditionally picket fences were made out of wood and painted white (or whitewashed), but now picket fences are also widely available in polyvinyl chloride (PVC).
Design.
A picket fence is generally tall. A horizontal top rail and bottom rail are attached to fence posts, which are installed upright into the ground. Evenly spaced boards are affixed vertically to the rails. What truly distinguishes a picket fence is the top, which is tapered (often called "dog-eared picket") or pointed. These boards with pointed tops are called "pickets" for their resemblance to the pointed stakes historically used by infantry to repel cavalry.
Materials.
Traditionally, picket fences have been made of wood. However, due to the regular painting required to keep the boards freshly white, combined with the need to replace them due to weathering, PVC has been increasing in popularity for picket fences. PVC is widely available in white, and therefore does not need any painting. Most quality PVC fencing comes with a limited lifetime warranty, and does not rot or need replacing like wood.
Installation.
The first step in installing a picket fence is to insert the posts into the ground. Traditionally this is done by digging deep holes (usually 36in x 12in) either manually or with a power auger. The posts are then placed upright into the ground and concrete is poured to cement them into place. Once they are set, the horizontal rails are affixed to the posts using fasteners, and finally the pickets can be attached to the horizontal rails. By far the most time consuming part of installing a picket fence is setting the posts.
There are some vinyl picket fence systems on the market that are installed without digging holes or pouring concrete. These are installed by driving pipe deep into the ground, which is how chain link fence has been installed for years. This is the most popular way to install vinyl fence in Western Canada, where the deep frost can heave concrete footings out of the ground.
Symbolism.
A picket fence, ideally white, is seen by some as a symbol of the ideal middle-class suburban life, with a family and children, large house, and peaceful living. This stems from the fact that houses in quiet, middle-class neighborhoods often have gardens enclosed by picket fences. In recent years, some people have associated picket fences with what they regard as the more negative aspects of this lifestyle. For example, the director David Lynch uses ironic images of the picket fence in his 1986 film "Blue Velvet".
In popular culture.
The phrase "picket fence" also describes text without spaces between words. Such texts are very common in Old Latin, with documents often lacking both spaces and punctuation.

</doc>
<doc id="2856197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856197" title="Belfast Harbour Police">
Belfast Harbour Police

The Belfast Harbour Police is a small, specialised police force with the responsibility of policing the Port of Belfast, Northern Ireland. It was founded in 1847.
Officers of this force are sworn in as 'special constables' under section 79 of the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act 1847. As a result, officers have the full powers of a constable on any land owned by the Belfast Harbour Authority and at any place within one mile (1.6 km) of any owned land. The extent of Belfast Harbour includes the George Best Belfast City Airport, though policing of the airport by the Harbour Police was discontinued in February 2009. The force comprised 28 constables, six sergeants and one chief officer in 2009. Whilst on duty, BHP officers are armed, which is believed to be a unique situation amongst the small number of privately owned ports police services across the United Kingdom. 
The service may enforce the Belfast Harbour Commissioners' by-laws and consists of uniformed police officers and a CID section who provide 24-hour cover throughout the 2000-acre Harbour Estate, including almost 17 miles of roads. Their vehicles are equipped with Tracker stolen vehicle detection devices.
Any major or serious crime and incidents such as murder, acts of terrorism or armed robbery are the responsibility of the local territorial police force, the Police Service of Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2856202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856202" title="Tulip period">
Tulip period

The Tulip period or Tulip era (21 July 1718 - 28 September 1730) (, ) is a period in Ottoman history from the Treaty of Passarowitz on to the Patrona Halil Revolt on . This was a relatively peaceful period, during which the Ottoman Empire can be said to live an intellectual Renaissance inspired by foreign trends – among which European ones – and start opening themselves up to the non-Islamic world intellectually. This is not, on the other hand, a period of "Westernization", as Orientalist historiographies of the Ottoman Empire claimed, as it was later proved that such a thing only starts much later in the mid-19th century.
The name of the period derives from the tulip craze among the Ottoman court society. Cultivating this culturally ambiguous emblem had become a celebrated practice. The Tulip period illustrated the conflicts brought by early modern consumer culture and was a shared material symbolism. During this period the elite and high-class society of the Ottoman Period had established an immense fondness for the tulip, which were utilized in various occasions. Tulips defined nobility and privilege, both in terms of goods and leisure time.
Rise and growth.
Under the guidance of Sultan Ahmed III’s son-in-law, Grand Vizier Nevşehirli Damat İbrahim Pasha, the Ottoman Empire embarked on new policies and programs during this period, which established the first Ottoman language printing press, and promoted commerce and industry.
The Grand Vizier was concerned with improving trade relations and enhancing commercial revenues, which would help to explain the return to gardens and the more public style of the Ottoman court during this period. The Grand Vizier was himself very fond of tulip bulbs, setting an example for Istanbul’s elite who started to cherish the tulip’s endless variety in paint and celebrate its seasonality as well.
The Ottoman standard of dress and its commodity culture incorporated their passion for the tulip. Within Istanbul, one could find tulips from the flower markets to the plastic arts to silks and textiles. (page 86) Tulip bulbs could be found everywhere; the demand grew within the elite community where they could be found in homes and gardens.
Therefore, the tulip is a symbol with mythical appeal, which can be found from Ottoman palaces to their clothing, which sustains a memory of the Ottoman Empire’s social past. The tulip can be seen as a romantic monument representing the wealthy and elite, and the fragility of despotic rule.
Culture.
The Tulip period saw a flowering of arts, culture and architecture. Generally the style of architecture and decoration became more elaborate, being influenced by the Baroque period in movement. A classic example is the Fountain of Ahmed III in front of Topkapi palace in Istanbul. The architectural style is a fusion of classical Islamic elements with baroque European ones, making it into distinct Ottoman architecture of the 18th century.
The tulip was also praised in poetry and motifs used in paintings. To this day in modern Turkey the tulip is still considered the embodiment of perfection and beauty. Turkish Airlines decorates its planes with a painting of a tulip on its fuselage.
Anti-Tulip Rebellion.
Tulip prices began to rise in the last decades of the 17th century and peaked in 1726–1727 before state intervention. This reflected the demand for the inflated value of the rare bulbs and escalating demands for flowers in the elite’s palaces and gardens.
Tulip mania demonstrated the state's power to regulate the economy by increasing the prices for bulbs. Courtiers at the time forwarded a petition to denounce the practice of flower sellers, whom they perceived to be taking advantage of the elite by raising the prices of the bulbs. This led to the process of issuing inventories of flowers and price lists to the judge of Istanbul for enforcement.

</doc>
<doc id="2856203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856203" title="WKRR">
WKRR

WKRR (92.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format. Licensed to Asheboro, North Carolina, USA. The station is currently owned by Dick Broadcasting Company, Inc. of Tennessee.
The station's transmitter is in Randleman, North Carolina, which allows the station's signal to go as far south as the South Carolina line (the station can be heard in parts of Charlotte, to the southwest). The station's signal doesn't go very far north, as that would interfere with Roanoke, Virginia station WXLK. Rock 92 is owned by Dick Broadcasting, which also owns sister station WKZL-FM (107.5 megahertz), licensed to the city of Winston-Salem. Both stations broadcast from downtown Greensboro and have done so since the early 1990s. 
History.
In November 1948, WGWR-FM signed on in Asheboro as the sister FM to WKXR. Prior to 1984, the FM station played country music as WCSE, then it was WRLT, with a soft adult contemporary format. 
WKRR was originally an album oriented rock (AOR) format station but evolved to classic rock in the early 1990s. The current WKRR signed on the air on December 31, 1985 after moving from Asheboro.
WKRR aired "John Boy and Billy" for three years ending January 1, 1999.
The current morning show for Rock 92, "Two Guys Named Chris", signed on January 4, 1999 and consists of Chris Kelly, Chris Demm, Deidre James (added after about four years), Dave Aiken, and Biggie. Kelly started in radio as a teenager on WKXR in Asheboro, and previously worked at WKZL. Demm did the news on WKRR during "John Boy and Billy" and also worked with Brad Krantz on WKRR. On January 2, 2007, the show added a second station in Wilmington, North Carolina. The show at that time was number one with men ages 25-54.

</doc>
<doc id="2856209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856209" title="Andrew (MBTA station)">
Andrew (MBTA station)

Andrew is a station on the MBTA Red Line at Andrew Square in South Boston, Massachusetts. The station is located at the intersection of several major thoroughfares, including Dorchester Avenue, Dorchester Street, Southampton Street, and Boston Street. Andrew is the primary transfer point between the Red Line subway and the MBTA surface bus routes into South Boston. It is fully wheelchair accessible.
History.
The station opened in June 1918 as the southern terminus of the Cambridge-Dorchester Line, and quickly replaced Broadway as the primary streetcar transfer point for South Boston. A multiple track streetcar station was built on the surface, with direct connections from the rapid transit platforms. Andrew was the terminus of the line until November 1927, when Columbia, Savin Hill, and Fields Corner stations opened on the Ashmont Branch. 
The fare mezzanines and staircases were reconfigured over the years as streetcars were replaced by trackless trolleys and later buses. Streetcars and trackless trolleys entered the surface station from Dorchester Avenue, but after bustitution in 1962 the traffic direction was reversed. 
From its opening on September 1, 1971 to until the second platform at JFK/UMass opened on December 14, 1988, Andrew was the southernmost transfer point between the Ashmont and South Shore branches of the line. The platforms were extended in the mid 1980s to allow six-car trains, but the station itself was deteriorating. 
After political requests and lobbying efforts by the local community, the station underwent extensive renovation from 1990 to 1993 with a new bus shed and underground connections, including a crossover mezzanine between the Red Line platforms. Work began in September 1990; the station was closed nights and some weekends until March 1991 during the heaviest work. The rebuilt station incorporates elevators to the platforms to provide full handicapped accessibility.
The station includes the "Andrew Station Time Capsule", a public art installation by Ross Miller, consisting of 14 stainless steel boxes suspended over the tracks, which contain items collected from riders during station renovation in 1993. The boxes are to be opened in 2068, 75 years after their installation. The restored original wood frame toll taker's booth from the 1920s is installed as a permanent display in the inbound-outbound crossover lobby.
Bus connections.
Andrew is the primary bus transfer point for several lines running to South Boston, as well as 

</doc>
<doc id="2856218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856218" title="Jacob S. Rogers">
Jacob S. Rogers

Jacob S. Rogers (died 1901) was an American businessman.
Biography.
He was the son of Thomas Rogers, the founder of Rogers, Ketchum & Grosvenor. 
When Thomas Rogers died in 1856, Jacob took over the business and reorganized it as Rogers Locomotive and Machine Works and served as the company's president. The company eventually became the second most popular steam locomotive manufacturer in North America.
Upon Jacob's death in 1901, he bequeathed the majority of his fortune to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The museum continues to acquire art works in his name through the "Jacob S. Rogers Fund."
Jacob S. Rogers is buried in the Rogers family plot at Cedar Lawn Cemetery in Paterson, New Jersey. 

</doc>
<doc id="2856219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856219" title="Bernardino Spada">
Bernardino Spada

Bernardino Spada (21 April 1594 – 10 November 1661) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and a patron of the arts whose collection is housed in the Palazzo Spada in Rome.
Early life.
Spada was born in Brisighella, current province of Ravenna (Romagna).
His father was the rich merchant Paolo Spada (unrelated to the Spada family of ancient nobility) who had directed him early on to a career in the church, though the generations before his had been colliers. Bernardino studied law in Bologna, Perugia and Rome and received a doctorate. He served in the Papal Curia from 1617.
Ecclesiastic career.
In December 1623 he was appointed papal nuncio to the court of France, in preparation for which he was ordained titular archbishop of Damietta. He served as nuncio until 1627, when he became papal legate in Bologna. He was made a cardinal 19 January 1626 by Pope Urban VIII. When the plague epidemic hit Bologna in 1630/1631, he helped organize the health care system there.
From 1631 he served again in Rome, filling several influential positions in the Curia. In 1632 he purchased what is now called the Palazzo Spada in the rione Regola, facing Piazza Capo di Ferro with a garden looking over the Tiber, and commissioned Francesco Borromini to modify it for him in a more Baroque style, to house his growing collections.
War of Castro.
During the First War of Castro he served as plenipotentiary of Pope Urban VIII; sent to negotiate a truce with the Duchy of Parma, together with his brother Virgilio. Spada successfully negotiated a truce but when the pope's military leaders became aware that the dukes were massing troops to counter their own (in case discussions with Spada came to naught), Urban VIII declared the articles of peace null and void and claimed Spada had negotiated them without his consent. Spada was furious and later published a manifesto detailing his version of events which, according to contemporary John Bargrave, many accepted to be the truth.
Andrea Casale.
In his profile of Spada, from his own observations and those of others, Bargrave also recounts Spada's dealings with Bologna nobleman Andrea Casale. Casale had been sent to Germany to fight in the armies of the Holy Roman Empire during the 30 Years' War where he was captured. While a prisoner, Casale inherited a large estate which Spada then came to manage on behalf of Casale's relatives (who expected Casale to never return). Casale was eventually released and returned to Bologna where he had great difficulty proving he was, in fact, Andrea Casale. But a nurse who had treated Casale as a young man came forward and identified him from specific marks on his body. Nonetheless, Spada had the man imprisoned where he was beaten to death. Bargrave recounted that the story had been told to him in Rome, ""much to the Cardinal's disadvantage"".
Later ecclesiastic career.
Spada was successively Bishop of Albano, Frascati, Sabina and Palestrina.
Bernardino supported the church careers of several of his family members. His nephew Giovanni Battista Spada became cardinal in 1654 and his great-nephew Fabrizio Spada became cardinal in 1675 and Cardinal Secretary of State in 1691.
He died in Rome in 1661 and was interred in the family grave in the church of San Girolamo della Carità.

</doc>
<doc id="2856220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856220" title="Danny Abramowicz">
Danny Abramowicz

Daniel Stanley Abramowicz (born July 13, 1945) is a former American football player and coach. He played wide receiver in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints and San Francisco 49ers and college football at Xavier University. 
Early life.
Born in Steubenville, Ohio, Abramowicz is of Polish descent. He went to Steubenville Catholic Central High School. When he was a 5-10, 155-pound senior at Catholic Central, Abramowicz didn’t attract much attention from college coaches. The only school that offered him a football scholarship was Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.
He went to Xavier and, as a sophomore, caught 18 passes for 257 yards in his first varsity season.
His junior year he finished with 50 catches for 738 yards and eight touchdowns, helping Xavier to an 8-2 season. That year Xavier knocked off Miami University, 29-28, Cincinnati, 14-3, and Dayton, 10-0. The Musketeers were all but bowl-bound until they dropped a 57-33 decision to Texas Western on the final day of the season despite a 53-yard touchdown reception by Abramowicz. At the conclusion of his junior year he was named to the All-Catholic All-America team (The Brooklyn Tablet).
During his senior season he continued as the favorite receiver of quarterback Carroll Williams, catching 34 passes for 585 yards and three touchdowns despite facing constant double coverage.
Abramowicz holds the XU records for passes caught in a season (50 in 1965) and in a career (102), yards gained through passes caught in a career (1,470), as well as touchdown passes caught in a season (eight in 1965) and in a career (13) 
He graduated with a bachelor of science degree in Economics and Education in 1967. 
NFL career.
By his senior year, he had grown to 6-0, 190 pounds, but he still didn't attract much attention from pro scouts due to his lack of speed. Abramowicz was drafted by the Saints in the 17th round of the 1967 NFL Draft.
His career lasted from 1967 through 1974. Abramowicz broke into the starting lineup in the seventh game of the Saints’ first season with 12 catches for 156 yards in a 14-10 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Abramowicz had his most productive years while with the Saints. In 1968, 1969, and 1970, he ranked in the Top 10 in the NFL in two categories: receptions and receiving yards. 
Additionally, in 1968 and 1972 he was Top 10 in receiving touchdowns. His best season is generally considered to be 1969, when he caught 73 passes for 1,015 yards to go along with seven touchdowns. For his efforts, he was voted as an All-Pro by the Sporting News and Associated Press. The 1972 season would turn out to be Abramowicz's last full season with the Saints. 
Two games into the 1973 season, he was traded to the 49ers, playing two sub-par seasons. Abramowicz attempted to catch on in 1975, reporting to camp with George Allen's "Over the Hill Gang", the Washington Redskins. However, he did not make the final roster. 
Over his career, he played 111 games, caught 369 passes for 5,686 yards and 39 touchdowns. 
Upon his retirement, he held the NFL record for catching at least one pass in consecutive games: 105. The previous record was 96 by Hall-of-Famer Lance Alworth. 
After retirement.
After his playing career, Abramowicz worked in private business in New Orleans. He also spent five years as an analyst for Saints games broadcast on radio. In 1992, he was hired by Chicago Bears head coach Mike Ditka to serve as special teams coach. He served in this capacity from 1992 to 1996. In 1997, when Ditka was hired as head coach for the Saints, Abramowicz came back to the Saints as offensive coordinator. He has been out of the NFL since Ditka was fired in 1999. 
Abramowicz is a devout Roman Catholic, and is active with various organizations and foundations dedicated to philanthropic causes. He is also a writer, author of "Spiritual Workout of a Former Saint."
Since September 2008, Abramowicz has been hosting his own television show "Crossing the Goal" on the Catholic television network EWTN. Promotional materials from the network indicate the program uses "a sports show format to encourage men to get into spiritual shape." He also serves on the Board of Directors of EWTN. He serves in an advisory capacity to the board of directors of National Fellowship of Catholic Men. He travels throughout the United States speaking at Catholic men's conferences.
He and his wife, Claudia, have been married for 44 years and have three children and four grandsons.
Xavier University has presented him with the two most prestigious awards bestowed on a student athlete -- Legion of Honor and Athletic Hall of Fame (1981).
Abramowicz was inducted into the National Polish-American Sports Hall of Fame in 1992. Also in 1992, he was inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2856223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856223" title="Rodovia Ayrton Senna">
Rodovia Ayrton Senna

Rodovia Ayrton Senna da Silva (officially designated SP-070 and formerly named Rodovia dos Trabalhadores) (Workers' Highway), is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. 
The highway begins in the Eastern region of city of São Paulo and ends at the county of Guararema, merging with Rodovia Presidente Dutra.
The cities served by Rodovia Ayrton Senna are Guarulhos, Itaquaquecetuba, Mogi das Cruzes, Suzano, Poá and Guararema. It continues in the same direction into Rodovia Carvalho Pinto, which has the same SP-070 designation, in parallel with Dutra Highway.
Near São Paulo, special highway engineering techniques had to be used, in order to cross the natural swamp area by the Tietê River without damaging the nearby ecosystem. Its main traffic nowadays is between São Paulo and the São Paulo/Guarulhos International Airport (also known as Cumbica Airport).
The highway is named in honour of the deceased Brazilian Formula One driver, Ayrton Senna.
It is managed and maintained by DERSA, a state-owned company, but it is a toll road.

</doc>
<doc id="2856229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856229" title="Palazzo Spada">
Palazzo Spada

The Palazzo Spada is a palace in the historic centre of Rome, Italy. It is located in the rione Regola, at Piazza Capo di Ferro, 13, very close to the Palazzo Farnese. It has a garden facing towards the River Tiber. 
The palace accommodates a large art collection, the Galleria Spada. The collection was originally assembled by Cardinal Bernardino Spada in the 17th century, by his brother Virgilio Spada and added to by his grandnephew Cardinal Fabrizio Spada, 
History.
It was originally built in 1540 for Cardinal Girolamo Capodiferro. Bartolomeo Baronino, of Casale Monferrato, was the architect, while Giulio Mazzoni and a team provided lavish stuccowork inside and out. 
The palazzo was purchased by Cardinal Spada in 1632. He commissioned the Baroque architect Francesco Borromini to modify it for him, and it was Borromini who created the masterpiece of forced perspective optical illusion in the arcaded courtyard, in which diminishing rows of columns and a rising floor create the visual illusion of a gallery 37 meters long (it is 8 meters) with a lifesize sculpture at the end of the vista, in daylight beyond: the sculpture is 60 cm high. Borromini was aided in his perspective trick by a mathematician.
The Mannerist stucco sculptural decor of the palazzo's front and its courtyard façades feature sculptures crowded into niches and fruit and flower swags, grotesches and vignettes of symbolic devices ("impresi") in bas-relief among the small framed windows of a mezzanine, the richest "cinquecento" façades in Rome.
The colossal sculpture of Pompey the Great, erroneously believed to be the very one at whose feet Julius Caesar fell, was discovered under the party wall of two Roman houses in 1552: it was to be decapitated to satisfy the claims of both parties, which appalled Cardinal Capodiferro so, that he interceded on the sculpture's behalf with Pope Julius III, who purchased it and then gave it to the Cardinal.
The palazzo hosts the Galleria Spada, the Cardinal Spada's collection, which includes four galleries of 16th and 17th-century paintings by Andrea del Sarto, Guido Reni, Titian, Jan Brueghel the Elder, Guercino, Rubens, Dürer, Caravaggio, Domenichino, the Carracci, Salvator Rosa, Parmigianino, Francesco Solimena, Michelangelo Cerquozzi, Pietro Testa, Giambattista Gaulli, and Orazio and Artemisia Gentileschi, has the additional interest of being hung in the 17th-century manner, frame-to-frame, with smaller pictures "skied" above larger ones.
Palazzo Spada was purchased by the Italian State in 1927 and today houses the Italian Council of State, which meets in its richly frescoed and stuccoed rooms.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2856234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856234" title="Yukon–Kuskokwim Delta">
Yukon–Kuskokwim Delta

The Yukon–Kuskokwim Delta is a river delta located where the Yukon and Kuskokwim rivers empty into the Bering Sea on the west coast of the U.S. state of Alaska. At approximately in size, it is one of the largest deltas in the world. It is larger than the Mississippi Delta (which varies between ), and comparable in size to the U.S. state of Louisiana (). The delta, which mostly consists of tundra, is protected as part of the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge.
The delta has approximately 25,000 residents. 85% of these are Alaska Natives, both Yupik Eskimos and Athabaskan Indians. The main population center and service hub is the city of Bethel, with an estimated population of around 6,219 (as of 2011). Bethel is surrounded by 49 smaller villages, with the largest villages consisting of over 1,000 people. Most residents live a traditional subsistence lifestyle of hunting, fishing, and gathering, and over 30 percent have cash incomes well below the federal poverty threshold.
The area has virtually no roads; travel is by Bush plane, or by river boats in summer and snowmachines in winter.
In Bethel, the town is the home of the Yukon Kuskokwim Correctional Center.

</doc>
<doc id="2856238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856238" title="Set operations (SQL)">
Set operations (SQL)

UNION operator.
In SQL the codice_1 clause combines the results of two SQL queries into a single table of all matching rows. The two queries must result in the same number of columns and compatible data types in order to unite. Any duplicate records are automatically removed unless codice_2 is used.
codice_1 can be useful in data warehouse applications where tables aren't perfectly normalized. A simple example would be a database having tables codice_4 and codice_5 that have identical structures but are separated because of performance considerations. A codice_1 query could combine results from both tables.
Note that codice_1 does not guarantee the order of rows. Rows from the second operand may appear before, after, or mixed with rows from the first operand. In situations where a specific order is desired, codice_8 must be used.
Note that codice_2 may be much faster than plain codice_1.
Examples.
Given these two tables:
Executing this statement: 
yields this result set, though the order of the rows can vary because no codice_8 clause was supplied: 
Note that there are two rows for Joe because those rows are distinct across their columns. There is only one row for Alex because those rows are not distinct for both columns.
codice_2 gives different results, because it will not eliminate duplicates. Executing this statement: 
would give these results, again allowing variance for the lack of an codice_8 statement:
The discussion of full outer joins also has an example that uses codice_1.
INTERSECT operator.
The SQL codice_15 operator takes the results of two queries and returns only rows that appear in both result sets. For purposes of duplicate removal the codice_15 operator does not distinguish between codice_17. The codice_15 operator removes duplicate rows from the final result set. The codice_19 operator does not remove duplicate rows from the final result set.
Example.
The following example codice_15 query returns all rows from the Orders table where Quantity is between 50 and 100.
EXCEPT operator.
The SQL codice_21 operator takes the distinct rows of one query and returns the rows that do not appear in a second result set. The codice_22 operator does not remove duplicates. For purposes of row elimination and duplicate removal, the codice_21 operator does not distinguish between codice_17.
Notably, the Oracle platform provides a codice_25 operator which is functionally equivalent to the codice_26 operator [http://download-east.oracle.com/docs/cd/B19306_01/server.102/b14200/ap_standard_sql003.htm#g14847].
Example.
The following example codice_21 query returns all rows from the Orders table where Quantity is between 1 and 49, and those with a Quantity between 76 and 100. 
Worded another way; the query returns all rows where the Quantity is between 1 and 100, apart from rows where the quantity is between 50 and 75.
Alternatively, in implementations of the SQL language without the codice_21 operator, the equivalent form of a codice_29 where the right hand values are codice_30 can be used instead.
Example.
The following example is equivalent to the above example but without using the codice_21 operator.

</doc>
<doc id="2856239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856239" title="Chelodina">
Chelodina

Chelodina, collectively known as "snake-necked turtles", is a large and diverse genus of long-necked Chelid turtles with a complicated nomenclatural history. Although in the past "Macrochelodina" and "Macrodiremys" have been considered separate genera and prior to that all the same, they are now considered subgenera of the "Chelodina".
"Chelodina" is an ancient group of Chelid turtles native to Australia, New Guinea, the Indonesian Rote Island, and East Timor. The turtles within this subgenus are small to medium sized, with oval shaped carapace. They are side-necked turtles, meaning they tuck their head partially around the side of their body when threatened instead of directly backwards. 
"Macrochelodina" represents those species that have often been termed the "Chelodina" B group, or thick necked snake neck turtles. The subgenus was described in 1985 by Wells & Wellington (as a new genus) but was not recognized until recently when it was shown that the name was valid. As such they are a side-neck turtle of the family Chelidae with extremely long necks and long flattened heads. They are specialist fish eaters using a strike and gape mode of feeding. They are medium to large species with the largest "Chelodina (M.) expansa" reaching shell lengths of some . The first fossils ("C. (M.) alanrixi") are known from Queensland from the Eocene period (Lapparent de Broin, F. de, & Molnar, R. E., 2001).
"Macrodiremys" is a monotypic genus recently split off from the rest of the "Chelodina". Its sole member is the enigmatic "Chelodina (Macrodiremys) colliei" from Western Australia.
Taxonomy.
Current taxonomy follows that of Georges & Thomson, 2010 with updates from van Dijk et al 2014.
Subgenus: Chelodina 
Subgenus: Macrochelodina 
Subgenus: Macrodiremys 

</doc>
<doc id="2856242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856242" title="Ian Watson (author)">
Ian Watson (author)

Ian Watson (born 1943) is a British science fiction author. He lives in Gijón, Spain.
Life.
In 1959 Watson worked as an accounts clerk at Runciman's, a Newcastle shipping company. The experience was not particularly satisfying.
Watson graduated in English Literature from Balliol College, Oxford, in 1963; in 1965 he earned a research degree in English and French 19th-Century literature.
Watson lectured English in Tanzania (1965-7) and Tokyo (1967–70), and taught Future Studies at the Birmingham Polytechnic from 1970 to 1976. After 1976 he devoted himself to his career as a professional writer.
His first novel, "The Embedding", winner of the Prix Apollo in 1975, is unusual for being based on ideas from generative grammar; the title refers to the process of center embedding. A prolific writer, he has also written the novels "Miracle Visitors", "God's World", "The Jonah Kit" and "The Flies of Memory" and many collections of short stories. Watson is credited as author of the screen story for the motion picture "A.I. Artificial Intelligence".
During 1980, Watson and Michael Bishop wrote the first transatlantic SF novel collaboration, "Under Heaven's Bridge", using typewriters and postal services.
He has also written a series of novels relating to the "Warhammer 40,000" line of games: "Space Marine", and the Inquisition War trilogy of "Inquisitor", "Harlequin" and "Chaos Child" (republished in 2002 by The Black Library, with "Inquisitor" retitled "Draco"). Other recent stories have been published in US magazine Weird Tales, the Canadian anthology "Lust For Life", New Writings in the Fantastic, the "Mammoth Book of Best New Erotica volume 7", and in a few more books. Some of these stories have been translated into non-English languages.
A collaboration with Italian surrealist writer Roberto Quaglia has recently produced a book, "The Beloved of My Beloved", launched during April 2009 during Eastercon.
His major work of recent years is "The Waters of Destiny" co-written with Andy West.

</doc>
<doc id="2856248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856248" title="Anthony Storr">
Anthony Storr

Anthony Storr (18 May 1920 – 17 March 2001) was an English psychiatrist and author.
Background and education.
Born in London, Storr was educated at Winchester College, Christ's College (University of Cambridge), and Westminster Hospital.
Oxford.
In 1974, Storr moved from private practice to a teaching appointment at the Warneford Hospital in Oxford, until his retirement in 1984.
Personal.
Storr was, as one of his obituarists observed, "no stranger to suffering". He married twice, to Catherine Cole (who became a children's writer under her married name) in 1942 and writer Catherine Peters in 1970 after the first marriage ended in divorce.
Books.
He is the author of several books relating to the field of psychotherapy specifically Jungian approach. However his most notable book may be ' the art of psychotherapy'. This books contains the recollections of many decades of practice as a psychiatrist and psychotherapist. It is not just a self-justification for why he became a therapist but who may be a successful psychotherapist and what to expect in the practice. Because of the nuanced manner in which the subject of psychotherapy was dealt with in this book, some mental health training institutions - such as the federal neuropsychiatric hospital in Maiduguri, Nigeria - have included it as part of their must reads for all trainee residents.

</doc>
<doc id="2856255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856255" title="RAF Kuala Lumpur">
RAF Kuala Lumpur

RAF Kuala Lumpur was an RAF station in the Federation of Malaya and saw extensive use during the Malayan Emergency.
Military.
The airfield was home to:
The station was handed over to Royal Malaysian Air Force in 1961. During the height of the Emergency, the single runway had the highest number of aircraft movements in the world.
The station was situated about 3 miles from the town with its own swimming pool and cinema.
Civilian.
The airfield was also the site of the first civil airport, Sungai Besi Airport, which had a route to London with British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) using Britannia aircraft. The airport opened in about 1957. Malayan Airways operated Dakota aircraft on domestic flights. The Duke of Gloucester was greeted at the airport by the British High Commissioner in Malaya, Sir Donald Charles MacGillivray, when Malaya was granted independence ("Merdeka").
Sungai Besi Airport was in use as a civilian airport long before 1957, with Malayan Airways Airspeed Consuls and DC3's flying in and out of the airport from the late 1940s. BOAC Argonauts used the airport in the early 1950s, after the Marsden Matting runway and taxiways were replaced by asphalt. A new terminal building was built in 1957 and this may be the source of confusion as to the date the airport was opened. This building was demolished around 2004.
Qantas started Super Constellation services into the airport in 1958 and BOAC Comets replaced the Britannias in 1959.
The civilian airport was later replaced by Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="2856256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856256" title="Bermuda Principles">
Bermuda Principles

The multinational effort to sequence the human genome generated vast quantities of data about the genetic make-up of humans and other organisms. But, in some respects, even more remarkable than the impressive quantity of data generated by the human genome project (HGP) is the speed at which that data has been released to the public. At a 1996 summit in Bermuda, leaders of the scientific community agreed on a groundbreaking set of principles requiring that all DNA sequence data be released in publicly accessible databases within twenty-four hours after generation. These “Bermuda Principles” (also known as the "Bermuda Accord") contravened the typical practice in the sciences of making experimental data available only after publication. These principles represent a significant achievement of private ordering in shaping the practices of an entire industry and have established rapid pre-publication data release as the norm in genomics and other fields. 
The three principles retained originally were:

</doc>
<doc id="2856257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856257" title="Hungama">
Hungama

Hungama is a 2003 Bollywood comedy film film co-written and directed by Priyadarshan. It stars Paresh Rawal, Aftab Shivdasani, Akshay Khanna and Rimi Sen. It was an adaptation of Priyadarshan's own 1984 film "Poochakkoru Mookkuthi"; which itself was based on Charles Dickens' play, "The Strange Gentleman".
Plot.
Anjali (Rimi Sen) has run away from a small village to get a job in Mumbai, where she hopes to make enough money to pay off the debts her family owes their landlord or else she will have to marry the landlord's son, Raja (Rajpal Yadav). Once she arrives in the city, the only way she can find cheap lodging is by pretending to be married to a total stranger, Nandu,(Aftab Shivdasani) an aspiring musician, an arrangement thought up by local milkman and fixer, Bholu (Amin Gazi). Anjali and Nandu initially don't get along but must make do to retain their low-rent accommodation. 
Meanwhile, an electronics salesman named Jeetu (Akshaye Khanna) is struggling to find a loan to start his own business. His wealthy dad refuses to loan him. He discusses his situation with his friend Anil (Sanjay Narvekar) who tells him that the best way to access funds is to marry into them, i.e. marry someone's rich daughter. He also confides in Jeetu and tells him that by seducing the daughter of a rich person named Kachara Seth (Shakti Kapoor) and marrying her, he too would become rich. He plans to make himself appear rich and expects that, once married, the father-in-law will be able to do nothing upon discovering the truth. Jeetu takes the matter up and ends up stealing a chunk of cash from his parent's safe. He then proceeds to fulfill his dream of opening his electronics business.
Meanwhile, millionaire businessman Radeshyam Tiwari (Paresh Rawal), who lives in a village with his wife Anjali Tiwari (Shoma Anand) and retains the mannerisms of a villager despite his riches, decides to spend a few weeks in the city. Tiwari owns a large villa in the city but has never lived there, leaving it occupied by a servant named Pandu. 
Unbeknownst to Tiwari, Anil has been living at his villa for the past couple of weeks, having struck a deal with Pandu. The plan involves pretending to be Tiwari's son and asking Kachara Seth for his daughter's hand in marriage. The plan has been working to perfection so far, with money and status-conscious Kachara Seth having visited the villa, having become impressed with Anil, and having decided to betroth his daughter to someone he believes is Tiwari's real son. However, with the news that Tiwari is arriving in town, Pandu, fearful for his own employment, asks Anil to flee and make some excuse to Kachara Seth.
Anjali gets news of Tiwari's arrival from a friend and pays a visit to the villa in the hope of landing a job there. She turns up for an interview, but Tiwari's wife does not like her and slams the door in her face. Desperate for a job, she decides to wait outside the door in the hope of seeing Tiwari when he steps outside by himself. At this point, Jeetu shows up at the villa to fix a stereo he sold to Tiwari. When he sees Anjali at the door, he mistakes her for the daughter of Tiwari and, with the words of Anil in the back of his mind, instinctively starts wooing Anjali. 
Unable to land a job at the Tiwaris, Anjali later bumps into Jeetu when she replies to a help wanted ad in the newspaper for work at Jeetu's new store. realizing the golden opportunity such arrangement offers him in being able to woo her daily. Anjali, realizing Jeetu's mistake, does not correct him, as she may not land the job if Jeetu finds out that she is not Tiwari's daughter.
Nandu, in the meantime, has begun to fall in love with Anjali. Nandu and Jeetu cross paths resulting in a very public verbal altercation between them. Every day after work, Jeetu drops Anjali off at the Tiwari villa mistakenly believing she lives there as Tiwari's daughter. As soon as he drives off, Anjali turns away from the front door and hastily makes her way out before the Tiwaris spot her. 
With Jeetu often showing up at Tiwari's villa asking for Anjali and Mrs. Tiwari often spotting the real Anjali outside the villa where Jeetu drops her off after work, soon, the Tiwaris become convinced that each is having an affair with the younger counterparts. This results in several acrimonious arguments and much tantrum throwing between the elderly couple. 
Meanwhile, Anjali receives a letter from home, informing her that Raja is coming to visit her. Raja arrives the next day but is intercepted by Nandu at the train station, who teams up with Bholu to formulate a plan to scare the simpleton Raja away from the city before he can get in touch with Anjali. 
In the meantime, Kachara Seth, too, has visited the villa on several occasions. Upon finding that Pandu and Anil missing, he becomes very agitated. Tiwari tries to explain to him that he his only son is in London. Tensions soon boil over between Tiwari and Kachara Seth. 
Now Tiwari is after Jeetu for his perceived dalliances with his wife; Kachara Seth is after Tiwari and his missing son Anil; Jeetu is after Tiwari for Anjali's hand in marriage; and Nandu's landlord's wife has fallen for Nandu and is after him about eloping with her. All the major characters start chasing after each other and end up in a warehouse, where a big melee follows. 
In the end, Jeetu and Nandu confront Anjali and profess their love for her, forcing her to choose between them. Seemingly cornered into a difficult choice, Anjali proceeds to write Jeetu and Nandu's name on several chits, folds them up and asks Jeetu to pick one. She promises to marry the person whose name comes in the chit. When a disappointed Jeetu collapses to the floor in despair and opens the other chits, they all have Nandu's name: Anjali had fallen in love with Nandu along the way and the ruse with the chits was a way to make rejecting Jeetu more palatable.

</doc>
<doc id="2856261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856261" title="Rodovia Carvalho Pinto">
Rodovia Carvalho Pinto

Rodovia Governador Carvalho Pinto (officially designated SP-070) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
It is a continuation of the Rodovia Ayrton Senna (also SP-070), near the city of Guararema and ends by merging with Rodovia Presidente Dutra, which connects the cities of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro; and Rodovia Floriano Rodrigues Pinheiro (SP-123), which connects Taubaté to Campos do Jordão. The cities served by the highway are Guararema, Jacareí, São José dos Campos, Caçapava and Taubaté.
The highway was built in order to relieve the traffic saturation of the Presidente Dutra Highway, and is the main thoroughfare used by the paulistas who wish to travel to the beaches and cities near the South Atlantic Ocean of the Northern coast of the state (Rodovia dos Tamoios, SP-099), as well as to other cities of the Paraíba River valley, such as Paraibuna and Jambeiro on the plateau of Serra do Mar, and to the mountain resorts in the Mantiqueira mountain range, such as Santo Antonio do Pinhal and Campos do Jordão, via the Rodovia Floriano Rodrigues Pinheiro.
The highway honours one of the former governors of the state of São Paulo, Carlos Alberto Alves de Carvalho Pinto. 
It is managed and maintained by DERSA, a state-owned company, and is a toll road.

</doc>
<doc id="2856323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856323" title="List of football club nicknames in the United Kingdom">
List of football club nicknames in the United Kingdom

This is a list of nicknames for United Kingdom football clubs. Nicknames are usually preceded by 'The'. The origins of some nicknames are unclear with various stories being put forward.
The usual basis for nicknames are:
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2856326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856326" title="Dale Steele">
Dale Steele

Philip Dale Steele (born August 17, 1955) is an American football coach and former player. He was formerly the head coach at Campbell University in Buies Creek, North Carolina, a position he had held since restarting school's football program in 2006. Campbell resumed play in the 2008 season. Steele is the brother of Kevin Steele, the current defensive coordinator at Clemson University and former head football coach at Baylor University.
Playing career and education.
The son of a high school coach, Steele participated in football and wrestling at Autauga County High School in Prattville, Alabama, where he lettered three years in both sports. He played as an offensive guard and a defensive tackle for Autauga County High School and then walked on as an offensive lineman for the University of South Carolina.
Steele earned a B.S. degree in physical education from South Carolina in 1976 and an M.A. degree in physical education from Ball State University in 1978.
Coaching career.
Steele began his coaching career as an assistant at A.C. Flora High School in Forest Acres, South Carolina. He the moved the college ranks with stops at Ball State University (graduate assistant/offensive line in 1977), the University of Wisconsin–Madison (assistant offensive line in 1978, offensive ends and head junior varsity coach in 1979), Tulane University (offensive line in 1980, tight ends and kickers in 1981, tight ends and recruiting coordinator in 1982), Wichita State University (outside linebackers, 1984–1986), and Kansas State University (tight ends and offensive special teams in 1987, wide receivers in 1988). In 1980, Steele helped Tulane advance to the Hall of Fame Classic, marking his first collegiate postseason appearance as a coach. He also coached at St. Charles High School in LaPlace, Louisiana in 1983.
Steele served East Carolina University as its recruiting coordinator for three years (1991–1993) and was promoted to assistant head coach for his last season (1994). He worked six seasons at ECU (1989–1994), coaching the wide receivers and helping the Pirates to the 1992 Peach Bowl and the 1994 Liberty Bowl.
After East Carolina, Steele was the head coach and athletic director at Northern Nash High School in Nashville, North Carolina for four years (1995–1998). Then he moved on to Baylor University, where he served as wide receivers coach from 1999–2002 while his brother, Kevin Steele, was the head coach. Steele then served as an assistant head coach for one year at East Tennessee State University (2003), and three seasons at Elon University (2004–2006).
On June 15, 2006, Steele became the head coach at Campbell University, restarting the school's football program after a hiatus dating back to 1950. Upon taking the position at Campbell University, Steele said, "It's a dream come true for my family and me and a tremendous opportunity...As a family, we are so excited that we have been given this opportunity to be a part of a special time in the history of Campbell University with the reinstatement of football after a 56-year absence. We are very thankful to Dr. Wallace, Stan Williamson and the Campbell family for selecting us to come to Buies Creek during such an exciting time in the university's history." Steele was fired as the head coach at Campbell on November 5, 2012.
Personal life.
Steele and his wife, the former Pam Kilpatrick, have two daughters, Meghan and Kelsey.

</doc>
<doc id="2856329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856329" title="Old Hammond Highway">
Old Hammond Highway

Old Hammond Highway is the popular designation for the surviving portion of an unfinished highway between New Orleans and Hammond, Louisiana constructed during the 1920s and 1930s. The road currently extends from the intersection of Pontchartrain Boulevard and West Robert E. Lee Boulevard in New Orleans (Orleans Parish) to Chickasaw Avenue in Metairie (Jefferson Parish), a distance of 0.7 miles. The portion in Orleans Parish is signed as "NO-Hammond Hwy" while the portion in Jefferson Parish, which is also Louisiana Highway 613-1 (LA 613-1), is signed as "Metairie-Hammond Hwy." The route was superseded first by U.S. Highways 51 and 61 and later by Interstates 10 and 55.
History.
Louisiana State Route 33 (LA 33) was the state highway designation of the New Orleans-Hammond Lakeshore Highway in Louisiana. It was one of two state routes (the other being LA 3 that were severed into multiple sections by 1955.
The New Orleans-Hammond Lakeshore Highway had been planned for several years when, in 1921, it was designated as part of LA 33, one of the original 98 routes in the pre-1955 Louisiana highway system. The proposed route began at the intersection of South Carrollton Avenue and the New Basin Canal, proceeding north on Pontchartrain Boulevard alongside the canal to West End. It would then turn west to follow the south shore of Lake Pontchartrain through Jefferson, St. Charles, and St. John the Baptist Parishes and parallel present-day I-55/U.S. 51 north to Hammond in Tangipahoa Parish.
At that time, all that existed outside of New Orleans was the section between Ponchatoula and Hammond. Construction began in May 1923 to extend the highway south from Ponchatoula to Frenier near the present intersection of I-10 and I-55/U.S. 51. This was achieved by dredging a canal through the swamp between Lakes Pontchartrain and Maurepas and piling up the spoils on the side of the canal to form an embankment which was then surfaced with gravel and shells. A timber bridge with steel draw span was constructed across Pass Manchac, and there were numerous smaller bridges across other waterways. The highway was officially opened on April 1, 1927 with formal dedication following three weeks later.
The connection to New Orleans was made by following State Route 53 (the Ory Cutoff), paralleling present-day U.S. 51 from Frenier to LaPlace, and State Route 1 (the Jefferson Highway) into New Orleans. This was intended to be a temporary measure until the remainder of the route along Lake Pontchartrain was completed. Nevertheless, the highway distance between New Orleans and Hammond was reduced from 90.5 miles to 68 miles by eliminating a circuitous route around the eastern side of Lake Pontchartrain through Slidell, Mandeville, and Covington.
It later became part of U.S. Highway 51 (which departed from the lakeshore road at Frenier and continued south to Laplace) and was eventually blacktopped. Over the years, the road suffered from subsidence and was replaced by a new Highway 51 in the late 1950s. This road was then replaced in the 1980s by the present U.S. 51 / I-55 elevated roadway. The former alignment of U.S. 51 lies just to the east of the current alignment and serves as a frontage road. The original 1927 road can be seen just to the east of the 1950s road but is not drivable.
Whether or not the portion of the New Orleans-Hammond Highway between Frenier and the St. Charles/Jefferson Parish Line was actually constructed is debatable. According to the 1945 edition of the Jefferson Parish Yearly Review, two miles of the roadway embankment in this section was severed in 1933 for the construction of the Bonnet Carré Spillway.
The remaining section through Jefferson Parish and into New Orleans was likely constructed sometime between 1929 and 1933. The 1929 Sanborn map showing the Bucktown and West End neighborhoods on the Orleans/Jefferson Parish Line shows it as still being under construction in that area. The 1945 edition of the Jefferson Parish Yearly Review states that at the time the Bonnet Carre Spillway was constructed in 1933, the road through Jefferson Parish was "entirely usable." The roadway embankment provided the only flood protection for the community of Metairie from the waters of Lake Pontchartrain. By 1945, it had eroded considerably and was no longer adequate in terms of flood protection. That year, construction of the current levee system was proposed. Today less than a mile of the road, lying on either side of the 17th Street Canal on the Jefferson/Orleans Parish Line, still exists.
Baton Rouge-Hammond Highway.
Old Hammond Highway is also the name of a road in East Baton Rouge Parish that was part of the original Baton Rouge-Hammond Highway, constructed in the late 1910s and early 1920s. This highway was designated as part of State Route 7 in 1921 and U.S. 190 in 1926. It was bypassed in 1941 when Florida Street was extended from Baton Rouge east to the Amite River Bridge, and both route designations were moved onto the new route. The old route became State Route 7D until the 1955 Louisiana Highway renumbering when it was given its current designation as Louisiana Highway 426 (LA 426).
Another portion of the original Baton Rouge-Hammond Highway was bypassed in 1929 and is known as "Old Baton Rouge Highway." This road is now LA 1040 and runs between Hammond and a point south of Albany.

</doc>
<doc id="2856343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856343" title="Lenin (icebreaker)">
Lenin (icebreaker)

Lenin was a Russian icebreaker originally built in England for the Russian Empire, launched in 1916, which later served in the Royal Navy during the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War, and was eventually returned to the Soviet Union to serve through World War II, until finally scrapped in 1977.
Ship history.
The ship, ordered by the Russian Empire, was laid down in June 1916 by Armstrong Whitworth at Newcastle upon Tyne as the St. Alexander Nevsky, after Russian statesman and military hero Alexander Nevsky. Her construction was supervised by Russian naval architect and author Yevgeny Zamyatin. The ship was launched on 23 December 1916, and completed in June 1917. By then though the Russian Empire had ceased to exist following the February Revolution, and the ship was requisitioned by the Royal Navy and commissioned as HMS "Alexander" in September 1917. "Alexander" served in the North Russia campaign, and was handed over to White Russian forces when the British withdrew in October 1919.
In Russian service.
The ship must have been soon taken by the Bolsheviks, for in 1921 the Norwegian sailor and Arctic explorer Otto Sverdrup commanded the ship, now named Lenin, at the request of the Soviet government, when he mounted his fourth and last expedition in Arctic Siberian waters. He led a convoy of five cargo ships on an experimental run through the Kara Sea to the mouths of the Ob and Yenisei Rivers. The ships reached their destinations and returned safely. This was considered an important step in the development of the Kara Sea sector of the Northern Sea Route.
In 1937 "Lenin" was trapped in ice. She and her convoy of five ships spent an enforced winter in the Laptev Sea. They were finally rescued by the icebreaker "Krasin" in August 1938.
During World War II the "Lenin" took part in Russian convoys in the Arctic. In 1942 the "Lenin" was part of a convoy spotted at the Mona Islands in the Kara Sea by a "Kriegsmarine" Arado Ar 196 during Operation Wunderland. The heavy cruiser rushed to find it, but bad weather, fog, and ice saved "Lenin" from destruction.
The "Lenin" continued in service during the Cold War, but in 1957, when the nuclear-powered icebreaker "Lenin" was launched, it was renamed "Vladimir Ilich Lenin". The ship was hulked in 1968, and finally scrapped in 1977.
In popular fiction.
In his dystopian novel "We", Zamyatin refers to the specifications of "St. Alexander Nevsky" in the names of some of his characters.

</doc>
<doc id="2856352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856352" title="Tebay">
Tebay

Tebay is a village and civil parish in Cumbria, England, within the historic borders of Westmorland. It lies in the upper Lune Valley, at the head of the Lune Gorge. The parish of Tebay had a population of 728 recorded in the 2001 census,
Old Tebay lies to the north of Tebay at . Historically a sheep farming area, the arrival of the railway led to increased prosperity.
History.
To the north, occupying a strategic position by the river Lune, now close to the M6 motorway, are the earthwork remains of a motte and bailey castle known as Castle Howe.
During the Roman occupation a Roman road followed the course of the River Lune linking a fort at Low Borrow Bridge near Tebay with one at Over Burrow south of Kirkby Lonsdale.
Transport.
Railways.
Tebay railway station was on the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, which was built to link those two cities between 1844 and 1846, and which was absorbed by the London and North Western Railway in 1879. Tebay became an important junction for, in 1861, the Stainmore Railway, from Tebay-Kirkby Stephen-Barnard Castle and later becoming part of the North Eastern Railway, brought traffic from the east; it was closed in 1962. The A685 runs over much of its trackbed east from Tebay towards Kirkby Stephen. The Ingleton Branch Line of the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway connecting via the Midland Railway to Settle and Leeds, enters the main line at the south end of the Lune Gorge; it was built in the 1850s, and was last used for passengers in the winter 1962-63 as a relief to the main line.
The village has had two railway accidents happen nearby. On 15 February 2004, four people were run over by a maintenance vehicle in the Tebay rail accident. Three years later, the Grayrigg rail crash happened on 23 February 2007 between Oxenholme and Tebay on the West Coast Main Line.
Roads.
Junction 38 of the M6 lies just west of the village, south of the notoriously exposed Shap Summit. Like its predecessor, the main railway line, it uses the upper reaches of the River Lune to pass through the fells. Tebay Services is one of the very few motorway service stations to be run independently, and has often won praise for its food.
The village.
Central to the village is the Railway Club. This provides a concrete link to the past "raison d'etre" of the village. The two pubs in the village also provide a place where the inhabitants can come together.
In times past a great proportion of populace was involved with the railway and the local Junction Hotel is now flats where once were dance halls.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2856356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856356" title="François de La Rochefoucauld (cardinal)">
François de La Rochefoucauld (cardinal)

François de La Rochefoucauld (8 December 1558 – 14 February 1645) was a French Cardinal and an "important figure in the French Counter Reformation church".
Life.
He was one of four sons of Charles de La Rochefoucald and Fulvie Pico della Mirandola. After his father died when he was three years old, the family returned to the household of Queen Caterina de Medici of France. 
La Rochefoucauld attended the Jesuit Collège de Clermont (later renamed Lycée Louis-le-Grand by Louis XIV) in Paris from 1572-1579. On 29 July 1585 he was appointed bishop of Clermont, though he needed special Papal dispensation for not meeting all the usual canonical criteria. He was not formally a Jesuit at this time.
Cardinalate.
La Rochefoucauld was elevated to Cardinal in 1607. He was appointed Cardinal-Priest of San Callisto on 1 February 1610 at the age of 51, shortly before moving to the See of Senlis. From September 1618 until 6 February 1632 he was Grand Almoner of France, and during this period was named papal commissioner for the reform of the old religious orders in France on 8 April 1622. He was President of the Royal Council from 1622 until his replacement by Cardinal Armand Richelieu in 1624.
Another long-term appointment was as abbot of Sainte-Geneviève between 1619 and 1644. In February 1619, Louis XIII appointed de La Rochefoucauld to Sainte-Geneviève in an effort to mitigate the effects of previous canons. The canons had been lax and Cardinal Rochefoucauld selected Charles Faure to follow out his wishes for reform.
By 1635, La Rochefoucauld had tired of the cardinalate, and perhaps of the politics of the Church at that time, and wished to end his life not as a cardinal but as a simple member of the Jesuits. He communicated his desire to resign the cardinalate and enter the Jesuits to the current General of the Society, Father Muzio Vitelleschi. Vitelleschi obtained the consent of Cardinal-Nephew Antonio Barberini, but Pope Urban VIII turned down the request.
La Rochefoucauld remained a cardinal until the end of his life at 86 years of age, on 14 February 1645, at his old abbey at Sainte-Geneviève. Father Vitelleschi took the cardinal's Jesuit vows on his deathbed. La Rochefoucauld was buried in a Jesuit habit in the chapel of Saint Jean-Baptiste, but his heart was deposited in the church of a Jesuit college. In his testament, the cardinal had left not only his books but also his heart to the Collège de Clermont.

</doc>
<doc id="2856386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856386" title="Nikolay Gnedich">
Nikolay Gnedich

Nikolay Ivanovich Gnedich (; – ) was a Russian poet and translator best known for his idyll "The Fishers" (1822). His translation of the "Iliad" (1807–29) is still the standard one.
Alexander Pushkin assessed Gnedich's "Iliad" as "a noble exploit worthy of Achilles" and addressed to him an epistle starting with lines "With Homer you conversed alone for days and nights..." [http://oldpoetry.com/poetry/3037/showline=1]
Pushkin also penned an epigram in Homeric hexameters, which unfavourably compares one-eyed Gnedich with the blind Greek poet:<br>
He also wrote Don Corrado de Gerrera (1803), probably the first example of Russian Gothic fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="2856390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856390" title="Thessalon">
Thessalon

Thessalon is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario, located at the junction of Highway 17 and Highway 129 on the north shore of Lake Huron. It is surrounded by but not part of the municipality of Huron Shores, and is part of Algoma District.
The main industries are timber and tourism. The town is a popular retirement community. There is an arena and one primary school in the town. It is home to a few local celebrities, including Jackie Layer (former assistant coach of the Colorado Rockies), and Lloyd Boyer (former Montreal Canadiens prospect and small-town hockey legend). William Tremblay of the Sault Greyhounds was born here, and Angelina Napolitano, the first person in Canada to use the battered woman defence for murder, lived here briefly in the early 20th century. It was also home to the Thessalon Flyers. The Voyageur Hiking Trail passes near the community.
The Thessalon River flows through the town and into Lake Huron at Water Street. Fishing is excellent in the river: yellow perch, pickerel, bass, northwater salmon and muskie.
Demographics.
Population trend:

</doc>
<doc id="2856408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856408" title="Mykola Khvylovy">
Mykola Khvylovy

Mykola Khvylovy (, "Khvyl’ovyy") ( – May 13, 1933) was a Ukrainian writer and poet of the early Communist era Ukrainian Renaissance (1920–1930). 
Born as Mykola Fitilyov in Trostyanets, Kharkov Governorate to a Russian laborer father and Ukrainian schoolteacher mother, Khvylovy joined the Communist Party in 1919. In the same year he became the chief of local Cheka in Bohodukhiv povit. He moved to Kharkiv in 1921 and involved himself with writers connected to Vasyl Blakytny and the paper Visti VUTsVK (news from All-Ukrainian Central Executive Committee). In 1921, he also published his first poetry collection.
In 1922, he began to focus more on prose writing. His initial collections "Syni etiudy" (Blue Etudes, 1923) and "Osin’" (Autumn, 1924) generated approval from critics like Serhiy Yefremov, Oleksander Biletsky, Volodymyr Koriak, Yevhen Malaniuk and Dmytro Dontsov. His impressions of the work as a CheKa officer are reflected in his 1924 novel "I (Romance)", the hero of which - the head of the local Cheka - sentenced his mother to death in the name of the ideals of the revolution.
A brief member of the literary organization Hart, Khvylovy later became critical of it and the organization Pluh and became a key leader of the VAPLITE organization of Ukrainian "proleteriat" writers. Because of Stalin's repressions against his friends in the pro-Ukrainian Communist movement, Khvylovy committed suicide on 13 May 1933 in front of his friends in his apartment in Kharkiv. His suicide note said: "Arrest of Yalovy - this is the murder of an entire generation ... For what? Because we were the most sincere Communists? I don't understand. The responsibility for the actions of Yalovy's generation lies with me, Khvylovy. Today is a beautiful sunny day. I love life - you can't even imagine how much. Today is the 13th. Remember I was in love with this number? Terribly painful. Long live communism. Long live the socialist construction. Long live the Communist Party."[http://mnwtkp.info/referat/750/752.html]
After his death, his works were banned in the Soviet Union and because of his symbolic potency were mostly not permitted until near the end or after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Works.
Khvylovy wrote both poetry and short stories. His short stories are best known for their difficult narrative forms and complicated imagery.
A novel, titled "Valdshnepy" ("The Woodsnipes"), remained unfinished and unpublished when he died. Its second part — the first published in Vaplite in 1927 — had been confiscated.
He wrote a number of pamphlets presenting his views of the connection between politics and art. He advocated an orientation toward cultural trends in Western Europe in order in loosen Ukraine's dependence on Russian forms and inspiration. His pamphlets created a major controversy and divided representatives of the budding Ukrainian literary scene and created tensions with the authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="2856416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856416" title="Reformed Great Church of Debrecen">
Reformed Great Church of Debrecen

The Reformed Great Church or Great Reformed Church in Debrecen () is located in the city of Debrecen. It stands in the city centre, between Kossuth square and Calvin square. It is the symbol of the Protestant Church in Hungary, and it is because of this church that Debrecen is sometimes referred to as "the Calvinist Rome". With a ground space of 1500 m² it is the largest Protestant church in Hungary. It also has the largest bell of all Hungarian Protestant churches. The Great Church was built between 1805 and 1824 in neoclassical style.
History.
A church already stood here in the Middle Ages, but it burnt down. "St. Andrew Church," a Gothic hall church was built in its place between 1297 and 1311. Its area was about 16x46 meters. This church burnt down in 1564. In 1626 the already Protestant citizens of Debrecen started to build the St. Andrew Church again. With the support of George I Rákóczi construction was finished in 1628. In 1640-1642 a tower was constructed and a large bell – about 300 kg, made of Austrian cannonballs – was placed in it. In 1707, during the freedom fight led by Francis II Rákóczi the church suffered heavy damages from the imperial troops. The church burnt down on June 11, 1802, during the great fire which destroyed most of Debrecen.
The construction of the Great Church began on April 8, 1805. It was designed by Mihály Péchy, but the plans were altered several times during the construction, causing much frustration to the builders. The original plan featured a church with a cross-shaped ground plan and a large dome, but the plan was discarded, mainly due to financial reasons.
The western tower was finished by 1818, the eastern tower on August 6, 1821. The towers are 61 meters high. Originally a dome was planned to crown the building, this was not built, but when the construction was finished, the facade seemed unattractive with the large empty space between the towers, so in 1823/24 the facade was slightly modified, using the plans of Károly Rábl. The tower roofs feature Baroque elements. A nice panorama can be seen from the left (western) tower. The old "Rákóczi" bell, restored after the fire, is in this tower too.
Architecture.
The main nave of the church is 55 m long and nearly 15 m wide, the transept is 38 m long and more than 14 m wide. Similar to other Protestant churches, the inside walls are painted white. The interior is 21 meters high. The church accommodates about 5000 people (with 3000 seats).
The Great Church also has historical significance: during the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 Lajos Kossuth made the Hungarian Declaration of Independence here on April 14, 1848, and was elected governor of the country here. The armchair in which he sat can be viewed in the church.
The church has two organs, one of them is in the southern part, above the main entrance. This is a new, electronic organ with resonance pipes, three manuals and 52 registers, built by Péter Albert in 1981. The older, Classical organ is behind the pulpit. It was built in 1838 by Jakob Deutschmann. It is a cabinet organ with 3 manuals and 43 registers.

</doc>
<doc id="2856425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856425" title="WSMW">
WSMW

WSMW ("98.7 Simon FM") is a Variety Hits station licensed to Greensboro, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, including High Point and Winston Salem. The Entercom outlet broadcasts at 98.7 MHz with an ERP of 100,000 watts. It provides secondary coverage as far as Charlotte to the south, Raleigh to the east, and Roanoke to the west. The station's studios are located near the Piedmont Triad International Airport, and a transmitter site is in unicorporated south Guilford County.
History.
On January 9, 1958, WMDE signed on at 98.5. Owner Hall Electronics had used the ham radio call sign W4MDE. In the early 60s WMDE moved to 98.7, a frequency used from 1948 to 1950 by WCTP. Early formats on WMDE included classical music, middle of the road and jazz. In 1966 WMDE played country music and aired Tobacco Radio Network news. Suburban Broadcasting sold WMDE to Mido Broadcasting in 1973 and the station became WPET-FM, airing Southern gospel music.
Starting November 1, 1973, the station went Top 40 as WRQK, known as "K-99". The station leaned toward classic rock in 1980, when it was also called "Heart of Gold". Later the name became "99-RQK."
In 1985 the station changed to WKSI "98-7 Kiss FM," under consultant Randy Kabrich—still playing Top 40 and enjoying the "hey day" of 80's top 40. The station was programmed during the mid/late 80's by Big Steve Kelly and then Dale O'Brian. Big Steve left the station for Cleveland in the late 80's and O'Brian was named PD/Operations Manager. The station enjoyed the reputation of being one of the best sounding Top 40's in the Carolinas. The station would evolve to a Modern-leaning Adult Top 40 by 1995 (after a brief stint as a country station "98-7 Kiss Country"). The station would also change its slogan to "The Point" in 1997 and by 2002 changed it again to "The Zone" and its calls to WOZN. In 2005 the station would change their call letters to WSMW and join the list of stations embracing the Variety Hits concept by introducing "Simon" to the market. The slogan is a reference to the children's game "Simon Says," but it also refers to whatever the jockless station plays in its music library.
The station.
The station later added a morning show hosted by Jeff Wicker. Jeff was voted "best triad radio personality" for 2007 (GoTriad.com) Currently the morning show is hosted by Sean Sellers, a Henderson North Carolina native who cut his teeth in Triangle radio including a long stint at G-105.
The station originally focused on playing music of multiple genres, eras, and styles, from as far back as the 1960s to present. In recent times, the station has removed the majority of the newer music and focused more on 1970s and 1980s classic hits alongside some 1990s music, although some of the recent material remains. Several slogans, such as "Random Rules" or "We play everything" demonstrate this dedication to a wide variety of music.

</doc>
<doc id="2856431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856431" title="Grayrigg">
Grayrigg

Grayrigg is a small village and civil parish in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria, England. It lies on undulated and partly mountainous land, north east of Kendal, on the north side of the West Coast Main Line, and west side of the M6 motorway.
History.
Historically a part of Westmorland, Grayrigg and its surrounding area have provided evidence of an ancient Roman camp. During the Middle Ages Grayrigg formed a chapelry and township centred on the chapel dedicated to St John the Evangelist, which is still in use. 
Railway accidents.
Grayrigg's 20th and 21st century history is marked by two high-profile major train crashes.
On 18 May 1947, a 13-carriage Glasgow to London express failed to stop at the signals for Lambrigg Crossing and collided with a locomotive with 33 people injured, three seriously.
On 23 February 2007, Lambrigg Crossovers (54.358507,-2.655958), south of Grayrigg was the site of the Grayrigg derailment, a fatal derailment involving a Virgin Trains service from London Euston to Glasgow Central.

</doc>
<doc id="2856432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856432" title="Carlos Loret de Mola">
Carlos Loret de Mola

Carlos Loret de Mola Álvarez (born October 17, 1976 in Mérida, Yucatán) is a Mexican journalist. He has a Bachelor Degree in Economics for the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México (ITAM).
He is a popular news anchor in Mexico, hosting a show called Primero Noticias (1:N) on Televisa channel 2, which reaches an audience of 35 million people daily in Mexico, USA and Latin America; and in the afternoon at Radio Formula’s newscast ‘Contraportada’. Everyweek he publishes the column “Stories of a reporter” for the national newspaper El Universal.
Has been war correspondent in Afghanistan, Haiti, Siria and Libya. He has participated in international coverage, as the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami, Libyan civil war, the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict, the food crisis in the Horn of Africa in 2011, the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya, the Tunisian Revolution and the death of Hugo Chavez.
He became the first journalist in the world to interview both Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, president of Iran, and Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel prime minister, in the context of nuclear threats.
His journalistic work in Mexico has been quoted by international media like: The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN y Al Jazeera.
Was included in 2008 World Economic Forum list of Young Global Leaders.
Movies.
He launched the blockbuster documentary movie De Panzazo (Barely passed), which he co-directed, wrote and narrated, addressing the issue of the lack of good education in Mexico. 
He has appeared as a guest on the Spanish-language version of "Sesame Street", called "Plaza Sesamo", in season 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2856433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856433" title="Rhein-Main">
Rhein-Main

Rhein-Main may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2856437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856437" title="Mar Elepano">
Mar Elepano

Mariano "Mar" Elepano (born 1954) is a Filipino American independent filmmaker, teacher, and has been the production supervisor of the John C. Hench Division of Animation and Digital Arts, USC School of Cinematic Arts since 1993.
Elepano was born and raised in the Philippines. He came to the United States to study film at the USC School of Cinematic Arts in 1975.
Some of his short works of experimental animation ("Lion Dance," "Pendito," "Winter," "Burp," and "Take 5") were screened at the "Asian American International Film Festival", New York, New York July 27, 1989 and at "Filmex: Los Angeles International Film Exposition" (Short Film) March 14–30, 1979.
In addition, "Winter" was screened at the "Contemporary Animation from Los Angeles Artists Festival" in 2006. John Lent in "Animation in Asia and the Pacific" described Elepano as "the prime mover of computer animation" in the United States (p. 177).
Elepano was a Fulbright Scholar in 2001. In 2007, he received a "California Council for the Humanities Grant Award to the Khmer Girls in Action (KGA)" which helped "teenage Cambodian American girls in the Long Beach [...] develop digital narratives about their identity and their connection or disconnection to their parents' generation." He has also been conducting workshops for Visual Communications (VC), "a Los Angeles-based Asian American community media arts group since 1986."

</doc>
<doc id="2856444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856444" title="Classic Masters (Grand Funk Railroad album)">
Classic Masters (Grand Funk Railroad album)

Classic Masters is a compilation album from Grand Funk Railroad. Released in 2002, it is one in a series by Capitol Records.
It was intended to replace 1991's "Capitol Collectors Series" compilation, although track-wise they are identical except for one song. Both albums have 15 tracks, but "Classic Masters" includes "Take Me" whereas Collectors Series has "Inside Looking Out". The only other difference is the order of the tracks on the disc.
Classic Masters is 24-bit remastered whereas Collectors Series is credited as being mastered from the original stereo mixes. Classic Masters should be considered the better of the two CDs sound wise, but the Collectors Series does have better liner notes.
This CD as a sampler to the recently reissued/remastered Grand Funk catalogue on Capitol.

</doc>
<doc id="2856457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856457" title="Anton Delvig">
Anton Delvig

Baron Anton Antonovich Delvig (; , Moscow - , St. Petersburg) was a Russian poet and journalist who studied in the Tsarskoye Selo Lyceum together with Alexander Pushkin, and Wilhelm Küchelbecker with whom he became close friends. Küchelbecker dedicated a poem ('O, Delvig') to him. Delvig commissioned a portrait of Pushkin from Orest Kiprensky which Pushkin bought from Delvig's widow after his friend's death.
In his poetry, Delvig upheld the waning traditions of Russian Neoclassicism. He became interested in Russian folklore and wrote numerous imitations of folk songs. Some of these were put to music by the composers Alexander Alyabyev and Mikhail Glinka.
As a journalist, Delvig edited the periodical "Northern Flowers" (1825–1831), in which Pushkin was a regular contributor. In 1830–1831, he co-edited with Pushkin the "Literaturnaya Gazeta" (1830–1831), which was banned by the Tsarist government after information laid by Faddei Bulgarin.

</doc>
<doc id="2856458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856458" title="Tokyo International University">
Tokyo International University

The university is actually located in the area surrounding Kawagoe City in Saitama Prefecture, Japan, which is not in Tokyo proper, but is part of the Greater Tokyo Area.
The one-year program at TIUA and Willamette University enables students to pursue academic goals, while developing intercultural awareness. Programs are designed to offer students opportunities to learn through experience about other people and cultures. As a result, students also gain and share insights about their own traditions and values. An exchange program began between TIU and Willamette in 1965. TIUA was established in 1985.
History.
The university was founded in 1965 by as . In 1986 the school was renamed ,

</doc>
<doc id="2856466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856466" title="Strongly correlated material">
Strongly correlated material

Strongly correlated materials are a wide class of electronic materials that show unusual (often technologically useful) electronic and magnetic properties, such as metal-insulator transitions or half-metallicity. The essential feature that defines these materials is that the behavior of their electrons cannot be described effectively in terms of non-interacting entities. Theoretical models of the electronic structure of strongly correlated materials must include electronic correlation to be accurate.
Transition metal oxides.
Many transition metal oxides belong into this class which may be subdivided according to their behavior, "e.g." high-Tc, spintronic materials, Mott insulators, spin Peierls materials, heavy fermion materials, quasi-low-dimensional materials, etc. The single most intensively studied effect is probably high-temperature superconductivity in doped cuprates, e.g. La2-xSrxCuO4. Other ordering or magnetic phenomena and temperature-induced phase transitions in many transition-metal oxides are also gathered under the term "strongly correlated materials."
Electronic structures.
Typically, strongly correlated materials have incompletely filled "d"- or "f"-electron shells with narrow energy bands. One can no longer consider any electron in the material as being in a "sea" of the averaged motion of the others (also known as mean field theory). Each single electron has a complex influence on its neighbors.
The term "strong correlation" refers to behavior of electrons in solids that is not well-described (often not even in a qualitatively correct manner) by simple one-electron theories such as the local-density approximation (LDA) of density-functional theory or Hartree–Fock theory. For instance, the seemingly simple material NiO has a partially filled 3"d"-band (the Ni atom has 8 of 10 possible 3"d"-electrons) and therefore would be expected to be a good conductor. However, strong Coulomb repulsion (a correlation effect) between "d"-electrons makes NiO instead a wide-band gap insulator. Thus, "strongly correlated materials" have electronic structures that are neither simply free-electron-like nor completely ionic, but a mixture of both.
Theories.
Extensions to the LDA (LDA+U, GGA, SIC, GW, etc.) as well as simplified models Hamiltonians (e.g. Hubbard-like models) have been proposed and developed in order to describe phenomena that are due to strong electron correlation. Among them, dynamical mean field theory successfully captures the main features of correlated materials. Schemes that use both LDA and DMFT explain many experimental results in the field of correlated electrons.
Structural studies.
Experimentally, optical spectroscopy, high-energy electron spectroscopies, resonant photoemission, and more recently resonant inelastic (hard and soft) X-ray scattering (RIXS) and neutron spectroscopy have been used to study the electronic and magnetic structure of strongly correlated materials. Spectral signatures seen by these techniques that are not explained by one-electron density of states are often related to strong correlation effects. The experimentally obtained spectra can be compared to predictions of certain models or may be used to establish constraints to the parameter sets. One has for instance established a classification scheme of transition metal oxides within the so-called Zaanen–Sawatzky–Allen diagram.
Applications.
The manipulation and use of correlated phenomena has applications like Superconducting magnets and in magnetic storage (CMR) technologies. Furthermore, other phenomena like the MI transition in VO2 is explored as a means to make smart windows to reduce the heating/cooling need of a room.

</doc>
<doc id="2856472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856472" title="Arlington Memorial School">
Arlington Memorial School

Arlington Memorial High School is a rural high school (grades 7-12) in Arlington, Bennington County, Vermont and part of the Arlington School District. In 2005, it had some 247 students and a faculty of 33 teachers.
Arlington Memorial School is a rural high school (grades 7-12) in Arlington, Bennington County, Vermont and part of the Arlington School District. In 2007, Arlington Memorial High School was recognized with Bronze Honors by U.S. News & World Report first annual listing of the Best High Schools in America.
The new Mack Performing Arts Center and Wes Carlson Studio for Dance and Theater is a welcome addition to the school and the Arlington community. Students and community members alike continue to utilize the 140 seat theatre, courtyard, and stage for a variety of events.

</doc>
<doc id="2856486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856486" title="Hurricane Fefa">
Hurricane Fefa

Hurricane Fefa was a major Pacific hurricane of the 1991 Pacific hurricane season that despite causing minimal effects its name was removed from the list of tropical cyclone names. The sixth tropical storm, fourth hurricane, and second major hurricane of the season, the storm developed from a tropical wave on July 29 about 975 miles (1,575 km) south-southeast of Cabo San Lucas. It moved west-northwestward, and under generally favorable conditions it strengthened to attain peak winds of 120 mph (195 km/h) on August 2. Fefa turned to the west towards Hawaii, and slowly weakened until dissipating near the island of Hawaii.
The hurricane produced rough surf, moderate wind gusts, and locally heavy rainfall during its passage over Hawaii. No damages or deaths were reported. Two people were injured in the island of Hawaii due to lightning strikes from the storm.
Meteorological history.
A westward-moving tropical wave exited the coast of Africa on July 17. It tracked across the unfavorable Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea without development, and after crossing Central America, it entered the eastern Pacific Ocean on July 25. The cloud pattern and convection began to become better organized on July 28, and shortly thereafter a mid-level circulation developed. It continued to organize, and subsequent to the development of a low-level circulation it formed into Tropical Depression Seven-E while located about 975 miles (1,575 km) south-southeast of Cabo San Lucas on July 29. Operationally, tropical cyclone advisories were not initiated until visible satellite images confirmed the low-level circulation twelve hours after the depression formed.
Located over warm waters with fair upper level outflow, the depression quickly intensified and attained tropical storm status twelve hours after forming. Upon strengthening into a tropical storm, Fefa developed a curved cloud band over the southern and eastern portion of the center. The storm slowly strengthened as it tracked west-northwestward, a motion due to the presence of a high-pressure ridge to its north. Fefa initially strengthened slowly; on the day after it became a tropical storm the center was located on the western edge of the deep convection. On July 31, convection began increasing over the center, and it is estimated it intensified into a hurricane later that day while located about 710 miles (1,145 km) southwest of the southern tip of Baja California.
Initially, Fefa was forecast to intensify slightly after reaching hurricane status to reach peak winds of 80 mph (130 km/h). However, it quickly intensified after a large, ragged eye developed early on August 1. On August 2, the eye organized further, and Fefa strengthened to attain a peak intensity of 120 mph (195 km/h) while located about 940 miles (1,510 km) west-southwest of Cabo San Lucas. Based on higher Dvorak numbers, the hurricane could have peaked with winds stronger than 120 mph (195 km/h). Fefa encountered cooler waters shortly after peaking in intensity, and subsequently began to weaken. The hurricane gradually weakened as it turned more to the west, a change in motion due to building high pressures to its north, and on August 3 the winds of Fefa dropped to 85 mph (135 km/h) due to cooler water and dry air.
As Fefa turned more to the west, it paralleled the cooler waters, allowing the eye to remain distinct as the hurricane remained well-organized. Despite moving over marginally warm sea surface temperatures and becoming involved with the Stratocumulus cloud field to its north, the hurricane restrengthened on August 4 to reach a secondary peak intensity of 105 mph (170 km/h) while located about 1,265 miles (2,070 km) east-southeast of Hilo, Hawai'i. After maintaining 105 mph (170 km/h) winds for about 18 hours, Fefa weakened slightly due to increasing wind shear from a cold-core trough as it entered the Central Pacific Hurricane Center area of responsibility. As the shear increased, the cyclone weakened more rapidly, and on August 6 it weakened to a tropical storm while located about 650 miles (1,060 km) east of the island of Hawaii. Initially, forecasters predicted Fefa to turn to the northwest to the north of the Hawaiian Islands. However, the storm continued moving almost due westward as it steadily weakened. Aircraft reconnaissance flew into Fefa three times as it neared Hawaii. Late on August 7, Fefa weakened to a tropical depression a short distance of the island of Hawaii, and early on August 8 the depression began dissipating and degenerated into a tropical wave after moving onshore. The remnants tracked west-northwestward and passed south of the Hawaiian Islands until dissipating on August 9 to the northwest of Kauai.
Impact.
The prolonged westward track of Hurricane Fefa produced swells of up to 15 feet (4.5 m) in height. The swells hit eastward facing beaches along the island of Hawaii. The swells washed debris and sea water onto coastal roads near Punaluu Black Sand Beach, resulting in the roads being closed following the storm. Southwestern Maui experienced rough surf, as well. Despite being a weak tropical depression and a tropical wave while moving through the Hawaiian Islands, Fefa produced locally strong wind gusts of up to 50 mph (80 km/h) in the islands of Hawaii and Maui.
Prior to moving across the island of Hawaii, strong thunderstorms developed in the northeastern portion of the remnant circulation of Fefa. The thunderstorms developed further as they moved over the slopes of Mauna Kea and Kohala. The thunderstorms produced heavy rainfall in areas, resulting in flash flooding in Kohala and Hamakua. Hurricane Fefa resulted in no known deaths. Lightning from the storm caused two injuries. A man in Hawaii Volcanoes National Park was hurt when lightning struck where he was walking. A man in Hilo was burnt when lightning moved through telephone wires. The storm resulted in no reported damage.
The name Fefa was removed after this storm and replaced with Felicia in the 1997 season. The reason for the name retirement is unknown, as the storm itself caused little damage. Possible reasons listed for the removal of the name are pronunciation ambiguity, a socially unacceptable meaning in another language, or because the storm name represented a significant human disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="2856495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856495" title="Soviet deep battle">
Soviet deep battle

Deep battle (, "glubokaya operatsiya") was a military theory developed by the Soviet Union for its armed forces during the 1920s and 1930s. It was developed by a number of influential military writers, such as Vladimir Triandafillov and Mikhail Tukhachevsky who endeavoured to create a military strategy with its own specialised operational art and tactics. The concept of deep operations was a national strategy, tailored to the economic, cultural and geopolitical position of the Soviet Union.
In the aftermath of several failures or defeats in the Russo-Japanese War, First World War and Polish–Soviet War the Soviet High Command ("Stavka"), focused on developing new methods for the conduct of war. This new approach considered military strategy and tactics, but also introduced a new intermediate level of military art: operations. The Soviet Union was the first country to officially distinguish the third level of military thinking which occupied the position between strategy and tactics.
Using these templates, the Soviets developed the concept of deep battle and by 1936 it had become part of the Red Army Field Regulations. Deep operations had two phases; the tactical deep battle, followed by the exploitation of tactical success, known as the conduct of deep battle operations. Deep battle envisaged the breaking of the enemy's forward defences, or tactical zones, for fresh uncommitted mobile operational reserves to exploit by breaking into the strategic depth of an enemy front. The goal of a deep operation was to inflict a decisive strategic defeat on the enemy and render the defence of their front more difficult, impossible - or, indeed, irrelevant. Unlike most other doctrines, deep battle stressed combined arms cooperation at "all" levels: strategic, operational, and tactical.
History.
Before deep battle.
Russian military thinking had changed little over the course of three centuries prior to the 1920s. The Russian Empire had kept pace with its enemies and allies and performed well in its major conflicts in the run-up to the 19th century. However, despite some notable victories in the Napoleonic Wars and Russo-Turkish Wars, its defeats in the Crimean War, Russo-Japanese War and First World War, together with a series of defeats at the hands of Poland in the Polish–Soviet War (1919-1921), highlighted the inferiority of Russian methodology in organisation and training.
After the Russian Revolution, the new Bolshevik regime sought to create an entirely new military system that reflected the Bolshevik revolutionary spirit. The new Red Army combined the old and new methods. It still relied on the country's enormous manpower reserves; however, the Soviet program to develop heavy industry, which began in 1929, also raised the technical standards of Soviet arms industries to the level of other European nations. Once this had been achieved, the Soviets turned their attention to solving the problem of military operational mobility.
Primary advocates of this development included Alexander Andreyevich Svechin, Mikhail Frunze, and Tukhachevsky. They promoted the development of military scientific societies and they identified groups of talented officers. Many of these officers entered the Soviet Military Academy during Tukhachevsky's tenure as its commandant in 1921–1922. Others came later, including particularly Nikolai Efimovich Varfolomeev and Vladimir Triandafillov, who made significant contributions to the use of technology in deep offensive operations.
Roots of deep battle.
In the aftermath of the wars with Japan and Poland several senior Soviet Commanders called for a unified military doctrine. The most prominent was Mikhail Frunze. The call prompted opposition by Leon Trotsky. Frunze' position eventually found favour with the officer elements that had experienced the poor command and control of Soviet forces in the conflict with Poland. This turn of events prompted Trotsky's replacement by Frunze in January 1925.
The nature of this new doctrine was to be political. The Soviets were to fuse the military with the Bolshevik ideal. This would define the nature of war for the Soviet Union. The Soviets believed their most likely enemy would be the capitalist states of the west they had to defend themselves against before and that such a conflict was unavoidable. The nature of this war raised four major questions:
The discussion evolved into debate between those, like Alexander Svechin, who advocated a strategy of attrition, and others, like Tukhachevsky, who thought that a strategy of decisive destruction of the enemy forces was needed. The latter opinion was motivated in part by the condition of the Soviet Union's economy: the country was still not industrialized and thus was economically too weak to fight a long war of attrition.
By 1928 Tukhachevsky's ideas had changed: he considered that, given the nature and lessons of the First World War, the next major war would almost certainly be one of attrition. He determined, however, that the vast size of the Soviet Union ensured that some mobility was still possible. Svechin accepted this and allowed for the first offensives to be fast and fluid; but ultimately he decided that it would come down to a war of position and attrition. This would require a strong economy and a loyal and politically indoctrinated population in order to outlast the enemy.
The doctrine pursued by the Soviets was offensively oriented. Tukhachevsky's neglect of defense pushed the Red Army toward the decisive battle and cult of the offensive mentality, which along with other events, caused enormous problems in 1941.
Unlike Tukhachevsky, Svechin determined the next war could only be won by attrition, not by a single or several decisive battles. Svechin also argued that a theory of alternating defensive and offensive action was needed. Within this framework, Svechin also recognised the theoretical distinction of operational art that lay between tactics and strategy. In his opinion the role of the operation was to group and direct tactical battles toward a series of simultaneous operational objectives along a wide frontage, either directly or indirectly, in order to achieve the "stavka's" ultimate strategic target(s). This became the blueprint for Soviet deep battle.
In 1929 Vladimir Triandafillov and Tukhachevsky formed a partnership to create a coherent system of principles from the concept formed by Svechin. Tukhachevsky was to elaborate the principles of the tactical and operational phases of deep battle. In response to his efforts and in acceptance of the methodology, the Red Army produced the "Provisional Instructions for Organizing the Deep Battle" manual in 1933. This was the first time that "deep battle" was mentioned in official Red Army literature.
Basic principles.
The principle of deep battle.
Deep battle encompassed manoeuvre by multiple Soviet Army front-size formations simultaneously. It was not meant to deliver a victory in a single operation; instead, multiple operations, which might be conducted in parallel or successively, would induce a catastrophic failure in the enemy's defensive system.
Each operation served to divert enemy attention and keep the defender guessing about where the main effort, and main objective, lay. In doing so, it prevented the enemy from dispatching powerful mobile reserves to this area. The Army could then overrun vast regions before the defender could recover. The diversion operations also frustrated an opponent trying to conduct an elastic defence. The supporting operations had significant strategic objectives themselves and supporting units were to continue their offensive actions until they were unable to progress any further. However, they were still subordinated to the main/decisive strategic objective determined by the "Stavka".
Each of the operations along the front would have secondary strategic goals, and one operation would usually be aimed towards the primary objective.
The strategic objective, or mission, was to secure the primary strategic target. The primary target usually consisted of a geographical objective and the destruction of a proportion of the enemy armed forces. Usually the strategic missions of each operation were carried out by a Soviet Front. The Front itself usually had several Shock Armies attached to it, which were to converge on the target and encircle or assault it. The means of securing it was the job of the division and its tactical components, which Soviet deep battle termed the tactical mission.
Terminology, force allocation and mission table.
The concept of deep battle was not just offensive. The theory took into account that all forms of warfare, and decided both the offensive and defensive should be studied and incorporated into deep battle.
The defensive phase of deep battle involved identifying crucial strategic targets and securing them against attack from all directions. As with the offensive methods of deep battle, the target area would be identified and dissected into operational and tactical zones. In defence, the tactical zones, forward of the objective would be fortified with artillery and infantry forces. The outer and forward most defences would be heavily mined making a very strong static defence position. The tactical zones would have several defence lines, one after the other, usually 12 kilometres from the main objective. In the zone some 1 - 3 kilometres from the main objective, shock forces, which contained the bulk of the Soviet combat formations, would be positioned.
The goal of the defence in depth concept was to blunt the elite enemy forces, which would be first to breach the Soviet lines, several times, causing them to exhaust themselves. Once the enemy had become bogged down in Soviet defences, the operational reserves came into play. Being positioned behind the tactical zones, the fresh mobile forces consisting of mechanized infantry, foot infantry, armored forces, and powerful tactical air support would engage the worn down enemy in a counter-offensive, either destroying it by attacking its flank, or driving it out of the Soviet tactical zone and into enemy held territory as far as possible.
Isserson; the factor of depth.
Georgii Isserson was a prolific writer on military tactics and operations. Amongst the most important works on operational art were "The Evolution of Operational Art" (1932 and 1937) and "Fundamentals of the Deep Operation" (1933). The latter work remains classified to this day.
Isserson concentrated on depth and the role it played in operations and strategy. According to his view strategy had moved on from Napoleonic times and the strategy of a single point (the decisive battle) and the Moltke era of linear strategy. The continuous front that developed in the First World War would not allow the flanking moves of the pre-1914 period. Isserson argued that the front had become devoid of open flanks and military art faced a challenge to develop new methods to break through a deeply echeloned defence. To this end he wrote, "we are at the dawn of a new epoch in military art, and must move from a linear strategy to a deep strategy".
Isserson calculated that the Red Army's attack echelon must be 100 to 120 kilometres long. He estimated that enemy tactical defences, in about two lines would be shallow in the first, stretching back some 5 to 6 kilometres. The Second line would be formed behind and have 12 to 15 kilometres of depth. Beyond this lay the operational depth, this would be larger and more densely occupied than the first, embracing the railheads and supply stations to a depth of 50 to 60 kilometres. Here the main enemy forces were concentrated. The third zone, beyond the operational depth was known as the strategic depth. This zone served as the vital link between the country's manpower reservoirs and industrial power-supply sites and the area of military operations. In this zone lay the headquarters of the strategic forces, which included the Army Group level.
Isserson much like Varfolomeev divided his Shock Armies, one for the task of breaking the enemy forward (or front line defences) and the other to exploit the breakthrough and occupy the operational zone, while destroying enemy reserve concentrations as they attempted to counter the assault. The exploitation phase would be carried out by combined arms teams of mechanized airborne infantry and motorised forces.
The breadth of the attack zone was an important factor in Soviet calculations. Isserson asserted an attack over a frontage of 70 to 80 kilometres would be best. Three or four Rifle Corps would make a breakthrough along a front of 30 kilometres. The breakthrough zone (only under favourable conditions) might be expanded to 48 to 50 kilometres with another Rifle Corps. Under these conditions, a Rifle Corps would attack along a 10 to 12 kilometre front, with each division in the Corps' first echelon allocated a 6 kilometre frontage. A fifth supporting Rifle Corps would make diversionary attacks along the flanks of the main thrust to tie down counter responses, confuse the enemy as to the area of the main thrust and delay his reserves from arriving.
Tactical deep battle.
Once the strategic objectives had been determined and operational preparation completed the Red Army would be tasked with assaulting the tactical zones of the enemy front in order to break through into its rear, allowing operationally mobile forces to invade the undefended enemy-held area to the rear.
The Soviet Rifle Corps was essential to the tactical method. As the largest tactical unit it formed the central component of the tactical deep battle. The Rifle Corps usually formed part of a larger operational effort and would be reinforced with tanks, artillery and other weapons. Several Corps would take part in the attack, some with defensive missions and others with offensive assignments. These were known as holding and shock groups respectively.
The order of battle was to encompass three echelons. The first-echelon, acted the first layer of forces would come into immediate contact with opposing forces to break the tactical zones. The follow on echelons would support the breakthrough and the reserve would exploit it operationally. The holding group would be positioned on either flank of the combat zone to tie down enemy reinforcements via means of diversion attacks or blocking defence.
Nevertheless, despite the diversion being a primary mission, the limited forces conducting holding actions would be assigned geographical objectives. Once the main thrust had defeated the enemy's main defence, the tactical holding forces were to merge with the main body of forces conducting the operations.
In defence, the same principles would apply. The holding group would be positioned forward of the main defensive lines. The job of the holding echelons in this event was to weaken or halt the main enemy forces. Should this be achieved, the enemy would be weakened sufficiently to be caught and impaled on the main defence lines. If this failed, and the enemy succeeded in sweeping aside the holding forces and breaching the several main defence lines, mobile operational reserves, including tanks and assault aviation, would be committed. These forces would be allocated to holding and shock groups alike, and were often positioned behind the main defences to engage the battle worn enemy thrust.
The forces used to carry out the tactical assignments varied from 1933 to 1943. The number of Shock Armies, Rifle Corps, and Divisions (mechanized and infantry) given to a strategic front constantly changed. By 1943, the year the Red Army began to practice deep battle properly, the order of battle for each tactical unit under the command of a front were:
Rifle Army
Stavka operational forces
These forces numbered some 80,000 - 130,000 men, 1,500-2,000 guns and mortars, 48-497 rocket launchers, and 30-226 self-propelled guns.
Rifle Corps
Rifle Division
The division numbered some 9,380 men (10,670 in a guards rifle division), 44 field guns, 160 mortars and 48 anti-tank guns.
Deep operation.
Soviet analysts recognised that it was not enough to break through the enemy tactical zone. Although it is the first step and crucial, tactical deep battle offered no solution about how a force could sustain an advance beyond it and into the operational and strategic depths of an enemy front. The success of tactical action counted for little in an operational defensive zone which extended dozens of kilometres and where the enemy held large reserves. Such enemy concentrations could prevent the exploitation of a tactical breakthrough and threaten the operational advance.
This was demonstrated during the First World War, when initial breakthroughs were rendered useless owing to exhaustion during the tactical effort, limited mobility, and a slow paced advance and enemy reinforcements. The attacker was further unable to influence the fighting beyond the immediate battlefield, due to the limited range, speed and reliability in existing weapons. The attacker was often unable to exploit tactical success in even the most favourable circumstances as his infantry could not push into the breach rapidly enough. Enemy reinforcements could then seal off the break in their lines.
By the early 1930s, however, new weapons had come into circulation. Improvements in the speed and range of offensive weaponry matched those of its defensive counterparts. New tank, aircraft and motorised vehicles were entering service in large amounts to form divisions and corps of air fleets, motorised and mechanized divisions. These trends prompted the Red Army strategists to attempt to solve the problem of maintaining operational tempo with new technology.
The concept was termed "deep operations" ("glubokaya operatsiya"). It emerged in 1936 and placed within the context of deep battle in the 1936 Field Regulations.
The deep operation was geared toward operations at the Army and or Front level and was larger, in terms of the forces engaged, than deep battle's tactical component, which used units not larger than Corps size.
The forces used in the operational phase were much larger. The Red Army proposed to use the efforts of air forces, Airborne forces and ground forces to launch a "simultaneous blow throughout the entire depth of the enemy's operational defense" in order to delay his strongest forces positioned in the area of operations by defeating them in detail; to surround and destroy those units at the front (the tactical zone, by occupying the operational depth to its rear); and to continue the offensive into the defender's operational and strategic depth.
The central composition of the deep operation was the Shock Army, acting either in cooperation with each other or independently as part of a strategic front operation. Several Shock Armies would be subordinated to a strategic front. Triandafilov created this layout of force allocation for deep operations in his "Character of Operations of Modern Armies", which retained its utility throughout the 1930s. Triandafilov assigned the Shock Army some 12 - 18 Rifle Divisions, in four to five Corps. These units were supplemented with 16 - 20 artillery regiments and 8 - 12 tank battalions. By the time of his death in 1931, Triandafilov had submitted various strength proposals which included the assignment of aviation units to the front unit. This consisted of two or three aviation brigades of bomber aircraft and six to eight squadrons of fighter aircraft.
Triandafilov's successor, Nikolai Efimovich Varfolomeev, was less concerned with developing the quantitive indices of deep battle, but rather the mechanics of the Shock Army's mission. Varfolomeev termed this as "launching an uninterrupted, deep and shattering blow" along the main axis of advance. Varfolomeev believed the Shock Army needed both firepower and mobility to destroy both enemy tactical defences, operational reserves and seize geographical targets or positions in harmony with other operationally independent, but strategically collaborative, offensives.
Varfolomeev and the composition of deep operations.
Varfolomeev noted that deep and echeloned tactical and operational defences should call for equal or similar counter responses from the attacker. This allowed the attacker to deliver a deep blow at the concentrating point. The new technological advances would allow the echelon forces to advance the penetration of the enemy tactical zones quickly, denying the enemy defender the time to establish a new defensive line and bring up reinforcements to seal the breach.
Varfolomeev sought to organise the Shock Armies into two echelon formations. The first was to be the tactical breakthrough echelon, composed of several Rifle Corps. These would be backed up by a series of second line divisions from the reserves to sustain the tempo of advance and to maintain momentum pressure upon the enemy. These forces would strike 15 to 20 kilometres into enemy tactical defences to engage his forward and reserve "tactical forces". Once these had been defeated, the Red Army Front was ready to release its fresh, and uncommitted operational forces to pass through the conquered tactical zone and exploit the enemy operational zones.
The first echelon used raw firepower and mass to break the layered enemy defences, but the second echelon operational reserves combined firepower "and" mobility, something lacking in the former. Operational units were heavily formed from mechanized, motorised and Cavalry forces. These forces would now seek to envelope the enemy tactical forces as yet unengaged along the flanks of the breakthrough point. Other units would press on to occupy the operational zones and meet the enemy operational reserves as they moved through his rear to establish a new defence’s line. While in the operational rear of the enemy, communications and supply depots were prime targets for the Soviet forces. With his tactical zones isolated from reinforcements, reinforcements blocked from relieving them, the front would be indefensible. Such a method would instigate operational paralysis for the defender.
In official literature Varfolomeev stated that the forces pursuing the enemy operational depth must advance between 20 and 25 kilometres a day. Forces operating against the flanks of enemy tactical forces must advance as much as 40-45 kilometres a day, to prevent the enemy from escaping.
According to a report by the Staff of the Urals Military district in 1936, a Shock Army would number 12 Rifle Divisions; a mechanized Corps (from its "Stavka" operational reserve) and an independent mechanized brigade; three Cavalry divisions; a light-bomber brigade, two brigades of assault aviation, two squadrons of fighter and reconnaissance aircraft; six tank battalions; five artillery regiments; plus two heavy artillery battalions; two battalions of Chemical troops. The Shock Army would number some 300,000 men, 100,000 horses, 1668 smaller-calibre and 1,550 medium and heavy calibre guns, 722 aircraft and 2,853 tanks.
Deep operations engagement.
Having organized the operational forces and secured a tactical breakthrough into the operational rear of the enemy front, several issues took shape about how the Red Army would engage the main operational enemy forces. Attacking in echelon formation denied the Soviet forces the chance to bring all their units to bear. This might lead to the defeat of a Shock Army against a superior enemy force.
In order to avoid such a situation, echelon forces were to strike at the flanks of enemy concentrations for the first few days of the assault, while the main mobile forces caught up. The aim of this was to avoid a head-on clash and tie down enemy forces from reaching the tactical zones. The expected scope of the operation could be anywhere between 150 and 200 kilometres.
Should the attack prove successful at pinning the enemy in place and defeating its forces in battle, mechanized forces would break the flank and surround the enemy with infantry to consolidate the success. As the defender withdrew, mechanized cavalry and motorised forces would harass, cut off, and destroy his retreating columns which would also be assaulted by powerful aviation forces.
The pursuit would be pushed as far into the enemy depth as possible until exhaustion set in. With the tactical zones defeated, and the enemy operational forces either destroyed or incapable of further defence, the Soviet forces could push into the strategic depth.
Logistics.
The development of Soviet operational logistics - that complex of rear service roles, missions, procedures, and resources intended to sustain military operations by army and front groupings - clearly occupied a prominent place within overall Soviet efforts to formulate or adapt warfighting approaches to new conditions. As Soviet military theorists and planners have long emphasised, logistic theory and practice are shaped by the same historical and technological developments that influence Soviet warfighting approaches at every level. In turn, they play a major role in defining directions and parameters for Soviet methods.
Soviet theory recognised the need for logistic theory and practice that were consistent with other components of strategy, operational art, and tactics. Despite the many changes in the political, economic, and military environment and the quickening pace of technological change, logistical doctrine was an important feature of Soviet thinking.
Intended outcomes; differences with other methodologies.
During the 1930s, the resurgence of the German military in the era of the "Third Reich" saw German innovations in the tactical arena. The methodology used by the Germans in the Second World War was named ""Blitzkrieg"". There is a common misconception that "Blitzkrieg", which is not accepted as a coherent military doctrine, was similar to Soviet deep operations. The only similarities of the two doctrines were an emphasis on mobile warfare and offensive posture. While the two similarities differentiate the doctrines from French and British doctrine at the time (which explains the common misconception), the two doctrines were considerably different. While Blitzkrieg emphasized the importance of a single strike on a Schwerpunkt (focal point) as a means of rapidly defeating an enemy, Deep Battle emphasized the need for multiple breakthrough points and reserves to exploit the breach quickly. The difference in doctrine can be explained by the strategic circumstances for the USSR and Germany at the time. Germany had a smaller population but a better trained army whereas the Soviet Union had a larger population but a more poorly trained army. As a result, the Blitzkrieg emphasized narrow front attacks where quality could be decisive, while Deep Battle emphasized wider front attacks where quantity could be used effectively.
In principle, the Red Army would seek to destroy the enemy operational reserves, his operational depth and occupy as much of his strategic depth as possible. Within the Soviet concept of deep operations was the principle of strangulation if the situation demanded it, instead of physically encircling the enemy and destroying him immediately. Triandafillov stated in 1929:
The outcome in modern war will be attained not through the physical destruction of the opponent but rather through a succession of developing manoeuvres that will aim at inducing him to see his ability to comply further with his operational goals. The effect of this mental state leads to operational shock or system paralysis, and ultimately to the disintegration of his operational system. The success of the operational manoeuvre is attained through all-arms combat (combined arms) at the tactical level, and by combining a frontal holding force with a mobile column to penetrate the opponent's depth at the operational level. The element of depth is a dominant factor in the conduct of deep operations both in the offensive and defensive.
The theory moved away from the Clausewitzian principle of battlefield destruction and the annihilation of enemy field forces, which obsessed the Germans. Instead deep operations stressed the ability to create conditions whereby the enemy loses the will to mount an operational defence.
An example of this theory in practice is Operation Uranus in 1942. The Red Army in Stalingrad was allocated enough forces to hold the German Sixth Army in the city, causing attrition which would force it to weaken its flanks to secure its centre. Meanwhile reserves were built up, which then struck at the weak flanks. The Soviets broke through the German flanks and exploited the operational depth, closing the pocket at Kalach-na-Donu.
The operation left the German tactical zones largely intact. But by occupying the German operational depth and preventing their retreat the German Army forces were isolated. Instead of reducing the pocket immediately, the Soviets tightened their grip on the enemy forces, preferring to let the enemy weaken and surrender, starve him completely, or a combination of these methods before delivering a final destructive assault. In this way the Soviet tactical and operational method opted to besiege the enemy into submission, rather than destroy it physically and immediately.
In this sense, the Soviet deep battle, in the words of one historian, “was radically different to the nebulous ‘blitzkrieg’” method, although it produced similar if more strategically impressive results.
The impact of the purges.
Deep Operations were first formally expressed as a concept in the Red Army's "Field Regulations" of 1929, and more fully developed in the 1935 "Instructions on Deep Battle". The concept was finally codified by the army in 1936 in the "Provisional Field Regulations" of 1936. By 1937, the Soviet Union had the largest mechanized army in the world and a sophisticated operational system to operate it.
However, the death of Triandafillov in an airplane crash and the 'Great Purges' of 1937 to 1939 removed many of the leading officers of the Red Army, including Svechin, Varfolomeev and Tukhachevsky.
The purge of the Soviet military liquidated the generation of officers who had given the Red Army the deep battle strategy, operations and tactics and who also had rebuilt the Soviet armed forces. Along with these personalities, their ideas were also dispensed with. Some 35,000 personnel, about 50 percent of the Officer Corps, three out of five Marshals; 13 out of 15 Army Group commanders; 57 out of 85 Corps Commanders; 110 out of 195 Division commanders; 220 out of 406 Brigade commanders were murdered, imprisoned or "discharged". Without the personnel and strategy, Stalin destroyed the cream of the personnel with operational and tactical competence in the Red Army. Other sources identify 60 out of 67 Corps Commanders, 221 out of 397 Brigade Commanders, 79 percent of regimental commanders, 88 percent of regimental chiefs of staff, and 87 percent of all battalion commanders.
Soviet sources admitted in 1988:
In 1937–1938...all commanders of the armed forces, members of the military councils, and chiefs of the political departments of the military districts, the majority of the chiefs of the central administrations of the People's Commissariat of Defense, all Corps commanders, almost all division and brigade commanders, about one-third of the regimental commissars, many teachers of higher of middle military and military-political schools were judged and destroyed.
The deep operation concept was thrown out of Soviet military strategy as it was associated with the denounced figures that created it.
Deep Operations during World War II.
The abandonment of deep operations had a huge impact on Soviet military capability. Entering the Second World War after the German invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941, the Soviets struggled to relearn it. The surprise German invasion (Operation Barbarossa) subjected the Red Army to six months of disasters. The Red Army was shattered during the first two months. Thereafter it faced the task of surviving, then reviving and maturing into an instrument that could compete with the Wehrmacht and achieve victory.
Soviet military analysts and historians divide the war into three periods. The Red Army was primarily on the strategic defensive during the first period of war (22 June 1941–19 November 1942). By late 1942 the Soviets had recovered sufficiently to put their concept into practice. The second period of war (19 November 1942 – 31 December 1943), which commenced with the Soviet strategic counteroffensive at Stalingrad, was a transitional period marked by alternating attempts by both sides to secure strategic advantage. After that deep battle was used to devastating effect, allowing the Red Army to destroy hundreds of Axis divisions. After the Battle of Kursk the Soviets had firmly secured the strategic initiative and advanced beyond the Dnepr River. The Red Army maintained the strategic initiative during the third and final period of war (1944–1945) and ultimately played the central role in the Allied victory in Europe.
Moscow counter offensive.
Deep battle plan.
Operation Barbarossa had inflicted a series of severe defeats on the Red Army. German Army Group North was besieging Leningrad, Army Group South was occupying most of Ukraine and threatening Rostov, the key to the Caucasus, and Army Group Centre had launched Operation Typhoon and was closing in on Moscow. The "Stavka" was able to halt the Northern and Southern Army Groups but was confronted with the German forces approaching the Soviet capital. The Soviet strategy at this point was the defence of the capital and if possible, the defeat and destruction of Army Group Centre. By late November the German pincers either side of the capital had stalled. The "Stavka" decided to launch a counter offensive. The operational goals were to strike into the enemy operational rear and envelop or destroy the German Armies spearheading the attack on Moscow. It was hoped a thrust deeper into the German rear would induce a collapse of Army Group Centre.
Outcome.
Soviet rifle forces penetrated German tactical defenses and pursued into the operational depths on foot at slow speed. They were, however, deficient in staying power. Soon growing infantry casualties brought every advance to an abrupt end. Soviet cavalry corps reinforced by rifle and tank brigades also penetrated into the German operational rear. Once there and reinforced by airborne or air-landed forces, they ruled the countryside, forests, and swamps but were unable to drive the more mobile Germans from the main communications arteries and villages. At best, they could force limited German withdrawals, but only if in concert with pressure from forces along the front. At worst, these mobile forces were themselves encircled, only to be destroyed or driven from the German rear area when summer arrived.
No encirclements ensued, and German forces halted the Soviet advance at the Mius River defenses. South of Moscow, The Red Army penetrated into the rear of Second Panzer Army and advanced 100 kilometers deep into the Kaluga region. During the second phase of the Moscow counter offensive in January 1942, the 11th, 2d Guards, and 1st Guards Cavalry Corps penetrated deep into the German rear area in an attempt to encircle German Army Group Center. Despite the commitment into combat of the entire 4th Airborne Corps, the cavalry corps failed to link up and became encircled in the German rear area. The ambitious Soviet operation failed to achieve its ultimate strategic aim, due largely to the fragile nature of Soviet operational mobile forces.
Rzhev-Vyazma offensive.
Deep battle plan.
The Stavka correctly judged that these operations had failed because of the Red Army’s lack of large, coherent, mechanized, and armored formations capable of performing sustained operational maneuver. To remedy the problem, in April 1942 the Soviets fielded new tank corps consisting of three tank brigades and one motorized rifle brigade and totaling 168 tanks each. The Stavka placed these corps at the disposal of army and front commanders for use as mobile groups operating in tandem with older cavalry corps, which by now had also received a new complement of armour. The Stavka employed these new tank corps in an offensive role for the first time in early 1942.
During this time, The Germans launched Operation Kremlin, a deception campaign to mislead the Stavka, that the main German attack in the summer would be aimed at Moscow. The Stavka were convinced that the offensive would involve Army Group South as a southern pincer against the Central Front protecting Moscow. To preempt the German assault, the Red Army launched two offensive operations, the Rzhev-Vyazma strategic offensive operation against Army Group Centre, and the Kharkov offensive operation (known officially as the Barvenkovo-Lozovaia offensive) against Army Group South. Both were directly linked as a spoiling offensives to break up and exhaust German formations before they could launch Operation Blue. The Kharkov operation was designed to attack the northern flank of German forces around Kharkov, to seize bridgeheads across the Donets River north east of the city. A southern attack would be made from bridgeheads seized by the winter-counter offensive in 1941. The operation was to encircle the Fourth Panzer Army and German Sixth Army as they advanced towards the Dnepr river. The operation led to the Second Battle of Kharkov.
The battlefield plan involved the Soviet South Western Front. The South Western Front was to attack out of bridgeheads across the Northern Donets River north and south of Kharkov. The Soviets intended to exploit with a cavalry corps (the 3d Guards) in the north and two secretly formed and redeployed tank corps (the 21st and 23d) and a cavalry corps (the 6th) in the south. Ultimately the two mobile groups were to link up west of Kharkov and entrap the German Sixth Army. Once this was achieved, a sustained offensive into the Ukraine would enable the recovery of industrial regions.
Outcome.
In fact, the Stavka fell for the German ruse. Instead of attacking the southern pincer of the suspected Moscow operation, they ran into heavy concentrations of German forces that were to strike southward to the Soviet oilfields in the Caucasus, the actual aim of Operation Blue.
Although the offensive surprised the Wehrmacht, the Soviets mishandled their mobile forces. Soviet infantry penetrated German defences to the consternation of the German commanders, but the Soviets procrastinated and failed to commit the two tank corps for six days. The corps finally went into action on 17 May simultaneously with a massive surprise attack by First Panzer Army against the southern flank of the Soviet salient. Over the next two days, the two tank corps disengaged, retraced their path, and engaged the new threat. But it was too late. The German counterattack encircled and destroyed the better part of three Soviet armies, the two tank corps and two cavalry corps, totaling more than 250,000 men.
The Kharkov debacle demonstrated to Soviet planners that they not only had to create larger armoured units, but they also had to learn to employ them properly.
Operation Uranus and Third Kharkov.
Deep battle plan.
The Battle of Stalingrad, by October 1942, was allowing the Soviets an ever tighter grip on the course of events. Soviet strategy was simple; elimination of the enemy field army and the collapse of Army Group South.
In operational terms, by drawing the German Army into the city of Stalingrad, they denied them the chance to practice their greater experience in mobile warfare. The Red Army was able to force its enemy to fight in a limited area, hampered by the city landscape, unable to use its mobility or firepower as effectively as in the open country. The German Sixth Army was forced to endure severe losses, which forced the OKW to strip its flanks to secure its centre. This left its poorly equipped Axis allies to defend its centre of gravity—its operational depth. When Soviet intelligence had reason to believe the Axis front was at its weakest, it would strike at the flanks and encircle the German Army (Operation Uranus). The mission of the Red Army then, was to create a formidable barrier between the cut off German Army and any relief forces. The aim of the Soviets was to allow the German Army to weaken in the winter conditions and inflict attrition on any attempt by the enemy to relieve the pocket. When it was judged the enemy had weakened sufficiently, a strong offensive would finish the enemy field army off. These siege tactics would remove enemy forces to their rear.
Having practiced the deep battle phase which would destroy the enemy tactical units (the enemy Corps and Divisions) as well as the operational instrument, in this case the Sixth Army itself, it would be ready to launch the deep operation, striking into the enemy depth on a south-west course to Rostov using Kharkov as a spring board. The occupation of the former would enable the Red Army to trap the majority of Army Group South in the Caucasus. The only escape route left, through the Kerch peninsula and into the Crimea, would be the next target. The operation would enable the Red Army to roll up the German's southern front thereby achieving its strategic aim. The operation would be assisted by diversion operations in the central and northern sector to prevent the enemy from dispatching operational reserves to the threatened area in a timely fashion.
Outcome.
Operation Uranus, the tactical deep battle plan, worked. Unfortunately, the General Staff's deep operation plan was compromised by Joseph Stalin himself. Stalin's impatience forced the Soviet General Staff into offensive action before it was ready. Logistically the Soviets were not yet prepared and the diversion operations further north were not yet ready to go into action.
Nevertheless, Stalin's orders stood. Forced into premature action, the Red Army was able to concentrate enough forces to create a narrow penetration toward Kharkov. However, it was logistically exhausted and fighting an enemy that was falling back on its rear areas. The lack of diversionary operations allowed the German Army to recognise the danger, concentrate powerful mobile forces, and dispatch sufficient reserves to Kharkov. With the Red Army's flanks exposed, the Germans easily pinched off the salient and destroyed many Soviet formations during the Third Battle of Kharkov.
The concept of the deep operation had not yet been fully understood by Stalin. However, Stalin recognised his own error, and from this point onward, stood back from military decision making for the most part. The defeat meant the deep operation would fail to realise its strategic aim. The Third Battle of Kharkov had demonstrated the vitality of diversion, or "Maskirovka" operations. Such diversions and deception techniques would become a hallmark of Soviet offensive operations for the rest of the war.
Kursk.
Deep battle plan.
The battle of Kursk combined both the defensive and offensive side of deep battle. The nature of Soviet operations in the summer, 1943 was to gain the initiative and to hold it indefinitely. This meant achieving permanent superiority in the balance of forces, in operational procedure and maintaining initiative on the battlefield.
The Soviet plan for the defence of the city Kursk involved all three levels of warfare coherently fused together. Soviet strategy, the top end of military art, was concerned with gaining the strategic initiative which would then allow the Red Army to stage further military operations to liberate Soviet territory lost in 1941 and 1942. To do this, the Stavka decided to achieve the goal through defensive means. The bulge in the front line around Kursk made it an obvious and tempting target to the "Wehrmacht". Allowing the Germans to strike first at the target area allowed the Red Army the opportunity to wear down German Army formations against pre-prepared positions, thereby shaping the force in field ratio heavily against the enemy. Once the initiative had been achieved and the enemy had been worn down, strategic reserves would be committed to finish off the remaining enemy force. The success of this strategy would allow the Red Army to pursue its enemy into the economically rich area of Ukraine and recover the industrial areas, such as Kiev, which had been lost in 1941. Moreover, Soviet strategists recognised that Ukraine offered the best route through which to reach Germany's Allies, such as Romania, with its oilfields, vital to Axis military operations. The elimination of these Allies or a successful advance to their borders would deny Germany military resources, or at least destabilise the Axis block in the Balkans.
The operational method revolved around outmanoeuvring their opponents. The nature of the bulge meant the Red Army could build strong fortifications in depth along the German axis of advance. Two Rifle Divisions defended the first belt, and one defended the second. A first belt division would only defend an area of 8-15 kilometres wide and 5-6 kilometres in depth. Successive defence belts would slow German forces down and force them to conduct slow and attritional battles to break through into the operational depths. Slowing the operational tempo of the enemy would also allow the Soviet intelligence analysts to keep track of German formations and their direction of advance, enabling Soviet reserve formations to be accurately positioned to prevent German spearheads breaking through each of the three main defence belts. Intelligence would also help when initiating their own offensives (Operation Kutuzov and Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev) once the Germans had been bogged down in Soviet defences. The overwhelming contingent of Soviet armour and mechanised divisions were given to the operational reserves for this purpose.
The tactical level relied heavily on fortified and static defences made up of infantry and artillery. Anti-tank artillery were mounted throughout the entire depth of the defences. Few tanks were committed to the tactical zones and the nature of the defences would have robbed them of mobility. Instead, only a small number of tanks and self-propelled artillery were used to give the defences some mobility. They were distributed in penny packets to enable localised counterattacks. Such tactics slowed the Germans, forcing them to expend strength and munitions on combating the Soviet forward zones. The Soviets had counted on the Germans being stopped within the tactical zones, and to ensure this was the case, they distributed large amounts of mines, both anti-AFV and personnel weapons to the defence lines.
Outcome.
The Germans began their offensive, as predicted, on 5 July 1943, under the codename Operation Citadel. The Soviets succeeded in limiting them to a slow advance. In the north, the German 9th Army advanced south from Orel. The Germans failed to breach the main defence lines, stalling at the third belt. The German armies had been forced to commit their mobile reserves to the breakthrough. This allowed the Soviets to conduct the operational and offensive phase of their plan; Operation Kutuzov. Striking the 2nd Panzer Army, the Soviet’s fresh operational forces, heavily mechanized, threatened to cut off the German 9th Army . Should they have succeeded, nothing stood between the Red Army and the strategic depth of German Army Group Centre’s front. Fortunately for the Germans, they were able to stem the advance by committing their mobile reserves and effect a withdrawal. Still, the two German armies had been worn down, and the Soviet forces in the north had won the strategic initiative.
In the south, the Soviet plan did not work as effectively and the contingency plan had to be put into effect. The German formations succeeded in penetrating all three Soviet defence belts. This denied the Soviets the opportunity to pin them down in the tactical defence belts and release their operational reserves to engage the enemy on favourable terms. Instead, operational forces for Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev that were intended for the southern counteroffensive, were ordered to at and near Prokhorovka. This led to the Battle of Prokhorovka. While the tactical deployment and operational plan had not worked as flawlessly as it had in the north, the strategic initiative had still been won.
Cold War.
Central Europe.
The Soviet Union and its Warsaw Pact allies used their massive superiority in numbers and the idea of Deep Battle to intimidate NATO over the Inner German Border. Some Western observers predicted that the Warsaw Pact could use a mixture of speed and surprise to overrun Western Europe in around 48 hours. While massive airstrikes using enormous amounts of aircraft would devastate NATO infrastructure and reinforcements, VDV (airborne units), Spetsnaz (Special Purpose Troops) and Naval Infantry would clear the way for the torrent of tank and motor-rifle divisions that would soon cross the border. The forward units of these tank and motor rifle divisions would be tasked, rather unusually, to try not to engage the enemy but simply to advance as far and as fast as possible, therefore enabling a victory before any replacement aircraft and REFORGER units came to Europe from America.

</doc>
<doc id="2856509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856509" title="National Student/Parent Mock Election">
National Student/Parent Mock Election

In 1980, the NBC Parent Participation TV Workshop held the first National Student/Parent Mock Election. Through its success the National Student/Parent Mock Election became a separate nonprofit, nonpartisan organization in 1982. The 1982 Mock Election had over 250,000 participants. This grew to 3.5 million participants in 1988 and as many as 5 million in 1992.
References.
National Mock Election
ed.gov
School Renewal
PR WEB

</doc>
<doc id="2856519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856519" title="Gribenes">
Gribenes

Gribenes or grieven (, , "scraps") are crisp chicken or goose skin cracklings with fried onions, a kosher food somewhat similar to pork rinds. Gribenes are a byproduct of schmaltz preparation.
A favored food in the past among Ashkenazi Jews, "gribenes" is frequently mentioned in Jewish stories and parables.
Holiday food.
This food is often associated with the Jewish holidays Hanukkah and Rosh Hashanah. Traditionally, "gribenes" were served with potato kugel or latkes during Hannukkah.
"Gribenes" is also associated with Passover, as large amounts of schmaltz, with its resulting gribenes, were traditionally used in Passover recipes.
Servings.
"Gribenes" can be eaten as a snack, typically on rye or pumpernickel bread with salt, or used in recipes such as chopped liver, or all of the above. It is often served as a side dish with pastrami on rye or hot dogs.
This food has also been eaten as a midnight snack, or as an appetizer. Some Jews in Louisiana add "gribenes" to Jambalaya in place of non-Kosher shrimp. It was served to children on "challah" bread as a treat.
Etymology.
The word "gribenes" is related to "Griebe" (plural "Grieben") in various German dialects (from Old High German "griobo" via Middle High German "griebe"), where "Griebenschmalz" is lard from which the cracklings have not been removed. German "Geriebenes" is a matter which has been grated or ground, from German "reiben", to grind.

</doc>
<doc id="2856523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856523" title="EA Trax">
EA Trax

EA Trax is the title of the in-game soundtracks on some of EA Games' video games featuring up and coming artists, as well as mainstream artists. Music genres featured range from hip hop to rock, depending on the game's genre ("FIFA" games, for example, feature foremostly indie rock and world music, while "Madden" soundtracks are more geared towards alternative rock and heavy metal). It is usually attached to EA Games' sports and racing titles. Players can customize the playlist by selecting/deselecting songs to play by simply going to the EA Trax menu usually located at the options menu, and change the song through the same menu or by a button (varies between each game).
A PlayStation Portable version of some video game tickles from EA Games also feature EA Pocket Trax, which takes advantage of the PSP's music and video playing capabilities by giving users the freedom to upload their own music to the soundtrack, as well as watch music videos from songs on the original soundtrack.
Partnership.
EA Trax began in 2001 when EA Games partnered with some major music labels to allow licensed music to play on EA's video games. The first video games to receive the feature were "NBA Live 2003", "Madden NFL 2003", "NHL 2003", "FIFA 2003", "NASCAR Thunder 2003", and "". The partnership is intended for co-promotional opportunities on game launches, record releases, cooperation on advertising, events and at retail.
Music labels in participation include Elektra Records, Capitol, Atlantic, Interscope, DreamWorks, MCA, Lava, Island/Def Jam.
Today.
The EA Trax program has proven to be a success as it continues today. It has expanded from simply being a feature on EA Sports titles to features on some of EA Games' best known titles, such as the "Burnout", "The Sims" and the "Need for Speed" series. It has also expanded to some of EA Games' PlayStation Portable titles, enabling players to customize playlists and watch music videos. In recent years, players have been given the option of creating their own soundtracks for select EA Sports titles. In "Madden NFL 13", EA Trax was replaced by an orchestrated soundtrack.

</doc>
