<doc id="2883341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883341" title="Tohato">
Tohato

Advertisement campaign.
Tohato launched two new snacks brands, "Tyrant Habanero Burning Hell Hot" and "Satan Jorquia Bazooka Deadly Hot" in 2007 in an award-winning campaign which broke new ground in engagement marketing, by combining multiplayer online gaming with advertising, on a mobile phone. Customers were encouraged to join nightly battles in a virtual game, on behalf of either snack brand, to determine the winner of the "World's Worst War". The games ran at 4 AM. The campaign was designed by Japanese ad agency Hakuhodo and won the Yellow Pencil award at the annual D&AD advertising awards ceremony where mobile ads were recognized for the first time in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2883343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883343" title="Potassium metabisulfite">
Potassium metabisulfite

Potassium metabisulfite, K2S2O5, also known as potassium pyrosulfite, is a white crystalline powder with a pungent sulfur odour. The main use for the chemical is as an antioxidant or chemical sterilant. It is a disulfite and is chemically very similar to sodium metabisulfite, with which it is sometimes used interchangeably. Potassium metabisulfite is generally preferred out of the two as it does not contribute sodium to the diet.
Potassium metabisulfite has a monoclinic crystal structure which decomposes at 190 °C, yielding potassium sulfite and sulfur dioxide:
Uses.
It is used as a food additive, also known as E224. It is restricted in use and may cause severe allergic reactions in sensitive persons.
Potassium is an inhibitor of the polyphenol oxidase enzyme.
Wine.
Potassium metabisulfite is a common wine or must additive, in which it forms sulfur dioxide gas (SO2). This both prevents most wild microorganisms from growing, and it acts as a potent antioxidant, protecting both the color and delicate flavors of wine.
The typical dosage is 1/4 tsp (1.23 milliliters) potassium metabisulfite per six-gallon bucket of must (yielding roughly 75 ppm of SO2) prior to fermentation; then 1/2 tsp per six-gallon bucket (150 ppm of SO2) at bottling. Most commercial wineries do not add more than 30ppm at bottling.
Winemaking equipment is sanitized by spraying with a 1% SO2 (2 tsp potassium metabisulfite per L) solution.
Beer.
Potassium metabisulfite is sometimes used in the brewing industry to inhibit the growth of wild yeasts, bacteria, and fungi. This is called 'stabilizing'. It is also used to neutralize chloramine that has been added to tap water at the source as a disinfectant. It is used both by homebrewers and commercial brewers alike. It is not used as much for brewing beer, because the wort is almost always boiled, which kills most microorganisms. It can also be added to strike water (the water used to mash the malted barley) in order to remove chloramines which can cause phenolic off flavors in beer.
Safety.
Potassium metabisulfite causes skin irritation, serious eye irritation, and may cause respiratory irritation. Hence, it should be manipulated under individual protective elements, such as gloves, coat, mask and glasses. Also, it should be manipulated under alkaline conditions as potassium metabisulfite reacts with acids, liberating toxic gases.

</doc>
<doc id="2883344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883344" title="Thomas Gee">
Thomas Gee

Thomas Gee (24 January 1815 - 28 September 1898), was a Welsh Nonconformist preacher, journalist and publisher. 
Gee was born in Denbigh, North Wales. At the age of fourteen he went into his father's printing office, but continued to attend the grammar school in the afternoons. 
In 1837 he went to London to improve his knowledge of printing, and on his return to Wales in the following year, he threw himself into literary, educational and religious work. Among his publications were the well-known quarterly magazine "Y Traethodydd" ("The Essayist"), "Y Gwyddoniadur Cymreig" ("Encyclopaedia Cambrensis"), and Dr. Silvan Evans; "English-Welsh Dictionary" (1868), but his greatest achievement in this field was the newspaper "Baner Cymru" ("The Banner of Wales"), founded in 1857 and amalgamated with "Yr Amserau" ("The Times") two years later as "Baner ac Amserau Cymru". 
This paper soon became regarded as an oracle in Wales, and played a great part in promoting the nationalist and home rule movement in the country. In educational matters he waged a long and successful struggle on behalf of undenominational schools and for the establishment of the intermediate school system. He was an enthusiastic advocate of church disestablishment, and had a historic newspaper duel with Dr John Owen (afterwards Bishop of St David's) on this question. The Eisteddfod found in him a thorough friend and a wise counsellor. His commanding presence, mastery of diction, and resonant voice made him an effective platform speaker. He was ordained to the Calvinistic Methodist ministry, at Bala in 1847, and gave his time and talents ungrudgingly to Sunday school and temperance work. Throughout his life he believed in the itinerant unpaid ministry rather than in the settled pastorate. When he died in 1898, his funeral was the most imposing ever seen in North Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="2883347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883347" title="Liberal Religious Youth">
Liberal Religious Youth

Liberal Religious Youth (LRY) was an autonomous, North American youth organization affiliated with the Unitarian Universalist Association (UUA). LRY was unique as a church youth group in that it was governed by its members, who were generally between the ages of fourteen and nineteen years old, with adults serving only in an advisory capacity. Though partial funding and office space were provided by the UUA, primary funding was through an independent endowment, the investment of which was controlled by the LRY board of directors.
Continental LRY was run by an executive committee, usually consisting of four or five full-time officers, elected to one-year positions by the board of directors. Executive committee members shared an apartment and office in Boston and, like the board of directors, were all under the age of twenty.
History.
LRY was founded in 1954, before the official consolidation of the American Unitarian Association and the Universalist Church of America in 1961, and has roots going back both to the Unitarian Young People's Religious Union, organized in 1896, and the Universalist Young People's Christian Union, founded in 1898.
In the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, LRYers were seriously involved in the counterculture, civil rights and anti-war movements. At times these radical activities were sanctioned by their elders in the church, but at other times they were condemned. In the 1980s, these activities continued but, along with the rest of the country, the leadership of the Unitarian Universalist Association (UUA) was becoming more conservative, and relations between the leaders of LRY and the UUA became progressively more strained.
Because of ongoing conflict with Unitarian Universalist adult leadership, and amid a great deal of controversy, LRY was disbanded in 1982. Within the Unitarian Universalist Association it was replaced in 1982 by a new youth program, Young Religious Unitarian Universalists(YRUU).
Conferences and summer camps.
Many Unitarian Universalist congregations had a local LRY chapter, which typically had at least one meeting per month, with some groups meeting weekly. The "locals" were organized into regional federations, such as LAF (Long Island Area Federation), CMF (Central Midwest Federation), or the Iroquois Federation (upstate New York), the members of which elected officers to represent them on the continental board of directors. Many federations were also organized into intermediate "regional committees" such as MiCon (Mid-Continent Regional Committee), NERC (New England Regional Committee), MARC (Middle Atlantic Regional Council), etc. Regional committees, federations and local groups hosted weekend conferences at UU churches or campgrounds, at which the members of locals got to know their fellow LRYers from other locals, or from other regions entirely. Many LRYers would travel great distances for particular conferences, and hitchhiking was a popular mode of transportation. Near the end of LRY, there was also a growing population of LRYers who had no local group, and only attended conferences. This was largely because some UU Churches refused to allow LRYers to have a local at their church anymore.
Unitarian Universalist summer camps existed throughout the US and Canada, where campers often formed lifelong friendships, and many counselors were drawn from active LRY groups. These camps included Rowe in Massachusetts; Ferry Beach in Maine; Homestead, originally free standing near Carmel, New York and later in Harriman State Park, New York; Star Island, in the Isles of Shoals off the coast of New Hampshire; Unirondack, in the Adirondack Mountains; Unicamp, near Shelburne, Ontario; DeBenneville Pines, in the San Bernardino Mountains in California; The Mountain, in Highlands, North Carolina; and many others. Week-long summer conferences were held at many of these camps, and non-UU camps were sometimes rented for events such as OPIK in Tar Hollow State Forest, Ohio, the LRY Continental Conference (aka Con Con), the location of which rotated throughout the US, and Summer's End, which took place every Labor Day weekend in New England. Summer's End is now an autonomous conference that occurs annually in mid-August.
Throughout the 60s and 70s, LRY had an office in the UU headquarters at 25 Beacon street, Boston. The office was staffed by LRYers elected from within membership. LRY also published a newspaper entitled "People Soup."

</doc>
<doc id="2883349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883349" title="Desire Under the Elms">
Desire Under the Elms

Desire Under the Elms is a play by Eugene O'Neill, published in 1924, and is now considered an American classic. Along with "Mourning Becomes Electra", it represents one of O'Neill's attempts to place plot elements and themes of Greek tragedy in a rural New England setting. It is in context a tribute to the myth of Phaedra, Hippolytus and Theseus. A film version was produced in 1958, and there is an operatic setting by Edward Thomas.
Synopsis.
The hulking widower Ephraim Cabot abandons his New England farm to his three sons, who hate him but share his greed. Eben, the youngest and brightest sibling, feels the farm is his birthright, as it originally belonged to his mother. He buys out his half-brothers' shares of the farm with money stolen from his father, and Peter and Simeon head off to California to seek their fortune. Later, Ephraim returns with a new wife, the beautiful and headstrong Abbie, who enters into an adulterous affair with Eben. Soon after, Abbie bears Eben's child, but lets Ephraim believe that the child is his, in the hopes of securing her future with the farm. The proud Ephraim is oblivious as his neighbors openly mock him as a cuckold. Madly in love with Eben and fearful it would become an obstacle to their relationship, Abbie smothers the infant in its cradle. An enraged and distraught Eben turns Abbie over to the sheriff, but not before admitting to himself the depths of his love for her and thus confessing his own role in the infanticide.
Major productions.
Provincetown Players (off-Broadway, 1924) - Starring Walter Huston as Ephraim Cabot, Mary Morris as Abbie Putnam and Charles Ellis as Eben Cabot. After two months at the Greenwich Village Theater, this production transferred to Broadway and played an additional nine months, first at the Earl Carroll Theater, then at George M. Cohan's Theater and finally at Daly's 63rd Street Theatre, for a total of 420 performances.
Broadway (1952) - Directed by Harold Clurman, produced by The American National Theater and Academy. Starring Karl Malden as Ephraim Cabot, Douglass Watson as Eben Cabot and Carol Stone as Abbie Putnam, 46 performances.
Asmita Theatre (India, 1995) - Directed by Arvind Gaur, translated by Nadira Babbar, starring Deepak Dobriyal, Manu Rishi, Deepak Ochani and Arachana Shintre Joshii, 14 performances.
Goodman Theatre (Chicago, 2009) - Directed by Robert Falls, starring Brian Dennehy as Ephraim Cabot, Carla Gugino as Anna Putnam and Pablo Schreiber as Eben Cabot.
Sri Ram Centre Theatre (Mandi House, New Delhi, INDIA, 2010) -A RAS production. Directed by Deepak Ochaney and Gajraj Nagar, starring Mukul Saran Mathur as Ephraim Cabot, Sanjeela Mathur as Anna Putnam.Has done 6 Shows.
Broadway (2009) - Transfer of the Goodman production; opened April 27, 2009 at the St. James Theater, 32 performances.
New Vic Theatre (Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire, U.K., 2010) - Directed by James Dacre, starring Gareth Thomas as Ephraim Cabot, Victoria Lloyd as Anna Putnam, Cary Crankson as Eben Cabot, Owen Oakeshott as Peter Cabot and Timothy Chipping as Simeon Cabot.
Lyric Hammersmith (2012) - Directed by Sean Holmes and designed by Ian MacNeil, starring Morgan Watkins as Eben Cabot, Denise Gough as Anna Putnam and Finbar Lynch as Ephraim Cabot.
Play was Adapted by Balwant Gargi under the name Balde Tibbe in ppunjabi..

</doc>
<doc id="2883359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883359" title="S.S.D. Acireale Calcio 1946">
S.S.D. Acireale Calcio 1946

Società Sportiva Dilettantistica Acireale Calcio 1946 is an Italian association football club, based in Acireale, a city of 67,000 inhabitants 18 km away from Catania in Sicily. The club currently plays in Serie D but it have spent most of their history in Serie C, although they have played for two seasons in Serie B.
History.
Foundation.
The club's roots can be traced back to a previous club in the city, from whose ashes the current incarnation rose from; the older club in the city played between 1928 and 1935.
The club was founded in 1946 as A.C. Acireale, making its debut in Serie C.
The team reached its culmination in 1992/1993 when, after a long period played in Serie C1, C2 and D, the team, coached by Giuseppe Papadopulo, surprisingly gained its first promotion to Serie B. During its first Serie B season in 1993/1994, Acireale avoided relegation after having won a play-off against Pisa Calcio on penalties. But, in its next season, Acireale was not able to repeat their feat, and were relegated to Serie C1. Acireale successively played consecutively four season in Serie C2, a period which ended in 2003 after being promoted on playoffs. However, after a disappointing Serie C1 season in 2005/2006, ended with a relegation to Serie C2, Acireale dropped because of financial troubles.
The refoundation.
A new property registered the club as "Acireale Calcio" to the Promozione regional league, the 7th level in the Italian football league system. In its first Promozione season, the club readily won its league round being thus promoted to Eccellenza. The club was renamed to the current denomination in August 2007, and will take part to the Sicilian Group B of Eccellenza in 2007–2008, obtaining the promotion in the season 2009-10 to Serie D, where currently plays.

</doc>
<doc id="2883370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883370" title="Peasmarsh">
Peasmarsh

Peasmarsh is a village and civil parish in East Sussex in England. It is located on the A268 road between Rye and Beckley, some three miles (4.8 km) north-west of Rye.
The village church, dedicated to St Peter and Paul, lies about one mile (1.6 km) from the village; it is thought the village centre was moved after the Black Death plague. There are three public houses and a motel in close proximity to the village; and a country house hotel with a leisure centre. The village is also home to a major independent supermarket. "Peasmarsh Place", now a residential care home, is to the south-east of the village.
Every year, in June, the "Peasmarsh Chamber Music Festival", bringing world-class concerts of chamber music, is held in the church.
Governance.
The lowest level of government is the Peasmarsh parish council. The parish council is responsible for local amenities such as the provision of litter bins, bus shelters and allotments. They also provide a voice into the district council meetings. The parish council comprises nine councillors with elections being held every four years. The May 2007 election was uncontested.
Rother District council provides the next level of government with services such as refuse collection, planning consent, leisure amenities and council tax collection. Peasmarsh lies within the Rother Levels ward, which provides two councillors. The May 2007 election returned two Conservatives councillors.
East Sussex county council is the third tier of government, providing education, libraries and highway maintenance. Peasmarsh falls within the Northern Rother ward. Peter Jones, Conservative, was elected in the May 2005 election with 49.7% of the vote.
The UK Parliament constituency for Peasmarsh is Bexhill and Battle. Gregory Barker was re-elected in the May 2005 election.
At European level, Peasmarsh is represented by the South-East region, which holds ten seats in the European Parliament. The June 2004 election returned 4 Conservatives, 2 Liberal Democrats, 2 UK Independence, 1 Labour and 1 Green, none of whom live in East Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="2883375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883375" title="Danese Cooper">
Danese Cooper

Danese Cooper (born January 19, 1959) is an American programmer, computer scientist, and an advocate of open source software.
Career.
Cooper has managed teams at Symantec and Apple Inc. and for six years served as chief open source "evangelist" for Sun Microsystems before leaving to serve as senior director for open source strategies at Intel. In 2009 she worked as "Open Source Diva" at REvolution Computing (now Revolution Analytics). She is a board member of the Drupal Association and the Open Source Hardware Association. She is a board observer at Mozilla, and serves as a member of the Apache Software Foundation. She was a board member at Open Source Initiative. In February of 2014, Cooper joined PayPal as their first Head of Open Source.
Open source.
Cooper's major work within the open source area of computer science has garnered her the nickname "Open Source Diva". She was recruited, while at a sushi bar in Cupertino, to a position at Sun working towards opening the source code to Java. Within six months she quit frustrated by the claims of open source development with Java that Sun made, only to find that little "open sourcing" was taking place. Sun sought to keep Cooper understanding her need to further open source software and re-hired her as their corporate open source officer. Her six years with Sun Microsystems is credited as the key to the company opening up its source code and lending support to Sun's OpenOffice.org software suite, Oracle Grid Engine, among others. In 2009 she joined REvolution Computing, a "provider of open source predictive analytics solutions", to work on community outreach amongst developers unfamiliar with the programming language R and general open source strategies. She has also made public speaking appearances discussing open sourcing, speaking at the Malaysian National Computer Confederation Open Source Compatibility Centre, OSCON, gov2.0 Expo, and the Southern California Linux Expo. In 2005 Cooper was a contributing author to "Open Sources 2.0: The Continuing Evolution".
Wikimedia Foundation.
In February 2010 Cooper was appointed Chief Technical Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation, leading their technical team and developing and executing the Foundation's technical strategy, along with which she would also be working on outreach with Wikimedia volunteers to expand on development and localizing of software. Cooper credits the open source community in helping her obtain the position at Wikimedia. She left the organization in July 2011.
daneseWorks.
In June 2011, Cooper started a consultancy, daneseWorks, whose first client was the Gates Foundation's shared learning collaborative (now called inBloom). She is currently helping numenta/nupic with their open source & machine learning strategy.
Personal life.
Danese Cooper obtained her high school diploma from Chadwick School and her B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles. Upon graduation she spent time in Morocco as a volunteer in the Peace Corps. Cooper credits her time with the Peace Corps as fostering her desire to travel and work within the developing world to explore policy, education and how open source software can "give certain kids another alternative". She is married to a software developer and enjoys knitting, which she often engages in during meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="2883382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883382" title="Arthur Brisbane">
Arthur Brisbane

Arthur Brisbane (December 12, 1864 – December 25, 1936) was one of the best known American newspaper editors of the 20th century. 
Biography.
Born in Buffalo, New York, he was educated in the United States and Europe. In 1882, he began work as a newspaper reporter and editor in New York City, first at the "Sun" and later Joseph Pulitzer's "New York World". Hired away from Pulitzer by William Randolph Hearst, became editor of the "New York Journal" and Hearst's close friend. His syndicated editorial column had an estimated daily readership of over 20 million, according to "Time" magazine. He remained occupied in journalism and the newspaper field until his death in 1936, but also was a successful real estate investor. He is buried in the Batavia Cemetery at Batavia, New York.
At his death, Hearst said, "I know that Arthur Brisbane was the greatest journalist of his day," and Damon Runyon said "Journalism has lost its all-time No. 1 genius." (Time: Death of Brisbane)
He was the son of Albert Brisbane. His grandson, Arthur S. Brisbane, was appointed Public Editor of "The New York Times" in June 2010.
In 1897, he accepted the editorship of the "Evening Journal", flagship of the Hearst chain, and through it gained influence unmatched by any editor in the United States. His direct and forceful style influenced the form of American editorial and news writing. The saying, "If you don't hit the reader between the eyes in your first sentence of your news column, there's no need to write any more," is attributed to him. 
Hearst biographer W.A. Swanberg ("Citizen Hearst," 1961, Galahad Books, N.Y.) describes Brisbane as "a one-time socialist who had drifted pleasantly into the profit system... in some respects a vest-pocket Hearst -- a personal enigma, a workhorse, a madman for circulation, a liberal who had grown conservative, an investor." (pp. 390–391)
While an employee of Hearst—at one point boasting of making $260,000 in a year (Swanberg, p 427) -- Brisbane also was known for buying failing newspapers, re-organizing them, and selling them to Hearst. In 1918, he became editor of the "Chicago Herald and Examiner", and in the 1920s became editor of Hearst's first tabloid, the "New York Mirror". He remained part of the Hearst media empire until his death in 1936. 
A "Time" magazine Aug. 16, 1926, cover story described his influence like this: 
The New York American, the Chicago Herald-Examiner, the San Francisco Examiner and many another newspaper owned by Publisher Hearst, to say nothing of some 200 non-Hearst dailies and 800 country weeklies which buy syndicated Brisbane, all publish what Mr. Brisbane has said. His column is headed, with simple finality, "Today," a column that vies with the weather and market reports for the size of its audience, probably beating both. It is said to be read by a third of the total U. S. population. Obviously this is an exaggeration, but half that many would be some 20 million readers, "Today" and every day.
 Several volumes of Brisbane's editorials were published, including "The Book of Today," "The Book of Today and the Future Day,"and "The Brisbane advertising philosophy." At the time of his death, he was considered the "virtual executive director" of the Hearst news and media empire.
From 1924 until 1935, artist Mel Cummin "originated and drew many of the big, eight-column cartoons" for Brisbane's editorials in the "New York Sunday American", the "New York Evening Journal" and occasionally "The Mirror". Cummin, a well-known member of the Explorer's Club, called Brisbane "a well-informed naturalist," and said the two collaborators discussed the subject of Naturalism frequently.
Works.
Along with his editorial collections, Brisbane published "Mary Baker G. Eddy" in 1908, and later,"What Mrs. Eddy Said To Arthur Brisbane: The Celebrated Interview Of The Eminent Journalist With The Discoverer And Founder Of Christian Science by Arthur Brisbane and Mary Baker Eddy." He was a speech writer, orator, and public relations professional. He coached many famous business people of his time in the field of public relations, particularly Henry Ford, Thomas Edison and John D. Rockefeller. 
He interviewed or conversed with nearly all the United States presidents during his career. 
With Hearst, he formed Hearst-Brisbane Properties, investing heavily in New York real estate. 
Perhaps Brisbane's most lasting legacy was preserving a large section of land he had amassed in central New Jersey along the Jersey Shore between 1907 and 1936. It was here that Brisbane built his dream house, a palatial mansion for its time, adjacent to a lake, and complete with a library tower. It was also here that Brisbane and his family could enjoy their favorite sport - horse-back riding. Brisbane transformed the Allaire area from a near deserted village to a luxurious country estate, complete with a state-of-the-art horse farm, "Allaire Inn," toy factory, a camp for Boy Scouts, and training grounds during the war years. He used his professional connections to bring silent film companies to his property at Allaire, which was used as a backdrop. He even opened up his estate during the Great Depression to "New Deal" work programs. Brisbane and his family realized enjoyment at Allaire and considered it his final abode. He employed a large staff to take care of his property at Allaire, which at one time was boasted to occupy . The actual count was closer to . 
Brisbane eventually began to explore the history of his property at Allaire and became aware in the 1920s of its great historic significance. His Allaire property was formerly James P. Allaire's "Howell Iron Works Company," a thriving iron-making industrial village of the early 19th century. As early as 1925, Brisbane sought to preserve this property, with its vast natural resources and 19th century era village buildings. Although not completed before his death, it was left to his wife, Phoebe Cary Brisbane and her immediate family to fulfill Arthur Brisbane's wishes of donating nearly to the State of New Jersey by 1944, including James P. Allaire's 19th century industrial village. The deed of gift contained stipulations that it was to be used for historic and forest reservation purposes, and for nothing else. Moreover, the Brisbane family home served as the Arthur Brisbane Child Treatment Center until its recent closure in 2005. 
Today, the original Brisbane gift of land, , forms the heart of Allaire State Park. And its historic village is dedicated to portraying the life and times of James P. Allaire's "Howell Iron Works Company" largely through the non-profit educational organization, Allaire Village Inc. Efforts were pushed forward at the Historic Village at Allaire in 2006 by Allaire historian Hance M. Sitkus to better interpret Brisbane's career, family, and generosity, focusing on Brisbane as an often-overlooked humanitarian and philanthropist.

</doc>
<doc id="2883387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883387" title="Audio Dregs">
Audio Dregs

Audio Dregs is an independent record label run by electronic musicians and brothers E*vax and E*rock. It is based in Portland, Oregon and has released records from artists such as Ratatat and Global Goon. 

</doc>
<doc id="2883394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883394" title="Ram Shanker">
Ram Shanker

Ram Shanker Vijaya Mogan (born 17 June 1985 in Singapore) is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Balestier Khalsa Football Club. His short stint with the Young Lions only spanned a handful of substitute appearances in the S.League.

</doc>
<doc id="2883407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883407" title="British Columbia Teachers' Federation">
British Columbia Teachers' Federation

The British Columbia Teachers' Federation (BCTF) is the labour union that represents all public school teachers in the province of British Columbia, Canada. 
Governance structure.
The BCTF is made up of 41,000 teachers from across the province of British Columbia.
Members
Members of the BCTF determine the decisions and directions of the BCTF in two ways:
Locals
Locals are responsible for acting on behalf of members regarding local matters. Members in locals elect their local president and executive, who guide the affairs of the local.
Annual General Meeting
The Annual General Meeting is a meeting of delegates and local representatives elected by members through locals and the eleven members of the Executive Committee. There are approximately 670 voting delegates at an Annual General Meeting. The delegates to the AGM elect the Executive Committee, determine the fee, approve any changes to bylaws, establish priorities for the next year, and make the significant policy decisions of the federation.
Constitution and bylaws
The constitution and bylaws establish the rules by which the organization is run. The bylaws establish the division of responsibilities among the major decision-making bodies and spell out what each level of decision making is authorized to do. The BCTF's bylaws must be followed by all bodies of the organization, including the AGM. Only the AGM can amend the bylaws, and only with a 75% majority of delegates voting in favour.
Representative Assembly
The Representative Assembly meets three times a year and has the responsibilities of approving a budget and electing the Judicial Council and Committee of Ombudspersons. The RA also makes policy and procedural decisions for the federation.
Executive Committee
The Executive Committee (EC) of the BCTF is elected by the AGM and consists of eleven members. Three of these serve in a full-time capacity: the President, the First Vice-President, and the Second Vice-President. The EC has overall responsibility for the running of the federation. It meets monthly, with additional meetings as necessary. The EC is the employer of BCTF staff and determines what work will be done in any given year. It also has responsibility for the creation and appointment of any advisory committees or task forces.
President
The President of the federation has responsibility for overall supervision of the affairs of the organization between meetings of the Executive Committee.
History.
In 1916 the Vancouver Teachers' Association called a special meeting of Teachers' Institutes to discuss the creation of a provincial federation. Delegates from Vancouver, Victoria, Point Grey, South Vancouver, and North Vancouver met at Dawson School on October 28, 1916. A resolution was unanimously passed in favour of a provincial organization and a draft constitution to be submitted to a later general meeting.
The first AGM was held in Vancouver at King Edward High School on January 4, 1917. J. G. Lister was elected as the first president. The original objectives adopted at this meeting guide the organization to this day: to foster and promote the cause of education, to raise the status of the teaching profession in BC, and to promote the welfare of the teachers of BC.
The British Columbia Teachers' Federation was incorporated under the Friendly Societies Act of British Columbia on July 12, 1919, with Harry Charlesworth as president. In 1920, Charlesworth became the first General Secretary of the federation and its first paid employee. He served in this capacity until his death in 1944. Charlesworth also helped to found the Canadian Teachers' Federation in 1920 and served as its first president.
In 1919, the BCTF launched the" Educator", which became the" Teacher" two years later. It remains the primary publication of the BCTF.
Prompting by the BCTF led to the first major examination of education in the province, the Putnam-Weir report of 1925. The report, titled "Survey of the School System", notably led to the creation of junior high schools in British Columbia. 
In 1929, BCTF lobbying resulted in the Teachers' Pension Act, which established years of service and contribution level as the bases for pensions.
The Sick Benefit Fund was established in 1939 to assist teachers who were ill and had run out of sick leave. This program is now known as the Salary Indemnity Plan.
The BCTF Code of Ethics was adopted in 1943.
Statutory compulsory membership was granted to the BCTF by the provincial government in 1947.
In 1954, Hilda Cryderman was elected as the first female president of the BCTF.
The mid-1950s saw the end of discrimination in salary scales against female teachers and the elimination of differential pay for teachers in elementary, junior secondary, and senior secondary schools. Subsequently, only qualifications and years of teaching experience would determine a teacher's salary. 
Provincial Specialist Associations (PSAs) were created in 1957. These associations are intended to give members a venue to exchange ideas on research, teaching strategies, curriculum development, and other shared interests.
In 1970, the BCTF Task Force on the Status of Women resulted in the creation of the Status of Women action group in 1973.
The first province-wide strike occurred on March 19, 1971, when teachers protested the government's refusal to improve the pensions of retirees.
In 1971 the government eliminated compulsory BCTF membership for teachers. The BCTF engineered a voluntary sign-up of all but 69 of the 22,000 teachers in the province. Compulsory membership was reinstated by legislation in 1973.
In November 1983, teachers participated in a three-day withdrawal of service in concert with other unions as part of the Operation Solidarity movement.
In 1987 the government again ended compulsory membership as part of a larger package of legislation. Some 99% of teachers voluntarily signed up with the BCTF in a major certification sign-up campaign. This legislation also created the British Columbia College of Teachers and removed principals and vice-principals from the teacher bargaining unit.
The 1994 Public Sector Labour Relations Act established a provincial bargaining structure in which the BCTF became the bargaining agent for teachers and the British Columbia Public School Employers’ Association (BCPSEA) became the bargaining agency for trustees. Only one contract has been negotiated under this structure; all others have required government intervention.
In 2001, the BC Liberal government declared teachers an essential service, requiring them to seek approval from the BC Labour Relations Board before commencing strike action. In the fall of 2005, the BCTF engaged in a two-week strike in response to the government's contract imposition. This strike was deemed illegal by the British Columbia courts.
2005 contract dispute.
Since 1992, contract negotiations for BC public school teachers have been on a province-wide basis, negotiating a single contract with the British Columbia Public School Employers' Association (BCPSEA). Since that time, each contract has been legislated into law by the government of the day because the teachers and the employers have failed to reach an agreement.
Negotiations began between the teachers and the BCPSEA after the contract expired in June 2004. Relations between the BCTF and the BC Liberal government were acrimonious, with the government's policy of wage freezes and the BCTF's negative advertising campaign during the May 2001 election. After winning, the BC Liberals made good on an election promise to make public education an essential service, limiting the level of job action that the BCTF could take during a collective bargaining dispute.
Without a contract at the beginning of the new school year, negotiations soured and an agreement was unlikely. To pressure the BCPSEA and the government to capitulate on wage and classroom size demands, on September 27, over 88% of 31,740 teachers voted to begin job action by withdrawing supervisory and administrative duties. Without successful contract negotiation, more severe action would begin on October 11. 
With negotiations derailed and a strike imminent, the government introduced legislation on October 5 to extend the previous contract through the end of the school year—June 2006—at which time the across-the-board wage freeze would be revisited. After a filibuster by the official opposition BC NDP, Bill 12 passed on October 7. Furthermore, the BCPSEA successfully applied to the British Columbia Labour Relations Board (BCLRB) to deem any strike action illegal.
The BCTF held an emergency vote to carry out the strike despite the BCLRB ruling, with 90.5% of the participating members voting in favour of proceeding with protest action.
The BCTF began an illegal strike on October 7, 2005. It maintained that breaking the law for a just cause (having its collective bargaining rights limited and a contract imposed) was acceptable. Critics of the BCTF claimed that the illegal job action set a bad example for the children they teach. The job action was illegal because teaching in British Columbia was considered an essential service and teachers were not allowed to strike. The BCTF, however, maintained that under the provisions of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and the non-binding decisions of the United Nations International Labour Organization, education is not an essential service and it had the right to political protest.
Following the strike action, the BCPSEA filed a complaint in the BC Supreme Court on October 6 to find the BCTF in contempt of court, and on October 9 Madame Justice Brenda Brown declared the BCTF in contempt, ordering teachers to return to work October 11.
On October 12, a small number of defiant teachers began crossing picket lines and returned to work.
As a result of the continuing defiance of her court order, Madame Justice Brenda Brown on October 13 ordered the BCTF to cease paying strike pay to its members or use its funds to prolong the strike. Regardless, the BCTF remained on the picket line.
On October 17, the BC Federation of Labour spearheaded a major labour shutdown of the province's capital, Victoria. Termed a "Day of Protest" rather than a general strike, the city saw the vast majority of its public services crippled by labour action. The event culminated in a massive protest at the Legislature, where it was estimated that up to 20,000 people rallied.
On the same day, Premier Gordon Campbell made his first public comments during the strike. He called on the BCTF to obey the law and said that the union has "made a complete mockery of the British Columbia Supreme Court." He reiterated his government's position that it would not negotiate with the BCTF while the BCTF was breaking the law.
Experienced mediator Vince Ready was brought in and presented proposals to end the strike. Both the government and the BCTF accepted his recommendations, and on October 24, the teachers went back to work.
2006 contract negotiations.
On June 9, 2006, the union announced that if a contract was not reached before the start of the school year, it was prepared to commence labour disruption (strike) activities, including a possible full withdrawal of service. Of the 30,202 members who voted, 85.2% were in favour of a strike.
Talks between the union and the government proceeded without much progress. The main sticking point was compensation, with the government offering a 10% increase (up from 8%) over four years and the union asking for a 19% increase (down from 24%) over three years.
Late in the day on June 30, 2006, the two sides reached a tentative agreement for a 16% increase over a five-year contract. Because the agreement was reached before the month-end deadline, teachers were eligible for a signing bonus of approximately $4,000.
2011 contract negotiations.
The next round of negotiations began in 2011, when the previous contract expired. The provincial government demanded the same net zero outcome accepted by all other public sector unions. Additionally, the government sought more control over professional development, reduced seniority provisions, and increased teacher evaluation and accountability. 
The BCTF demanded a 15% wage increase over three years (costed at $560 million by the BCTF and $2 billion by the provincial government), increased paid prep time, improved benefits, additional leave, and an additional six discretionary leave days per year to care for a sick friend or relative (a request that was later dropped).
At the time, teachers in BC made between $48,000 and $74,000 a year, ranking fourth or ninth in Canada depending on whether the territories are included. This income increases to $83,000 for teachers with higher-level qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="2883413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883413" title="LB&amp;SCR B1 class">
LB&amp;SCR B1 class

The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway B1 Class is a class of 0-4-2 express passenger steam locomotives, known from the name of the first, No. 214, as the "Gladstones".
History.
They were the last express passenger design of William Stroudley, and were a larger and improved version of his Richmond class of 1878. Thirty-six locomotives were turned out from Brighton railway works between 1882 and 1891, and were used for the heaviest London to Brighton express trains. All were named after politicians, men associated with the railway, or places served by the railway. In 1889 No.189 "Edward Blount" was exhibited at the 1889 Paris Exhibition and received a gold medal.
The locomotives were originally designated "Class B" together with the "Richmond Class" but were later designated B1 class by D.E. Marsh.
During the first decade of the twentieth century the class were gradually replaced by Billinton B4 class locomotives and were transferred to secondary duties. Withdrawal began in April 1910 and by the outbreak of the First World War ten had been scrapped.
Southern Railway.
The remaining twenty-six locomotives passed to the Southern Railway in 1923, but withdrawals recommenced in 1926 and the last survivor (No. 172) was withdrawn in 1933.
Preservation.
The first of the class, 214 "Gladstone", was preserved as a static exhibit thanks to the efforts of the Stephenson Locomotive Society and is normally on display in the National Railway Museum, York. "Gladstone" is the only ex LB&SCR tender locomotive to be preserved, as all the other preserved locomotives (ten A1/A1x "Terriers", one E1, and an E4) are tank engines.

</doc>
<doc id="2883424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883424" title="DemoLinux">
DemoLinux

DemoLinux has been one of the first Live CD Linux distributions.
It was created by Roberto Di Cosmo, Vincent Balat and Jean-Vincent Loddo, in 1998.
The DemoLinux CD was created to make it possible to use Linux without having to install it on the hard disk. It is the first Linux Live CD making possible to use the system in graphic mode and without any stage of configuration.
There are many other Live CD Linux distributions today. One can consider DemoLinux as the ancestor of Knoppix.
DemoLinux offered to the users hundreds of applications (among which KDE and StarOffice) thanks to a compressed file system. The CD could be used without any modification on the hard disk, but the user had the possibility to use in a transparent way a space on the disc to store his personal data, and even to install new applications using the standard tools of the base distribution. Version 1 was based on Mandrake Linux (now Mandriva), versions 2 and 3 used a mechanism independent of the distribution and were distributed mainly on a Debian basis. These last versions made it possible moreover to install Linux on the hard disk, thus offering a very simple installation procedure of Debian (this principle is used today by other Linux distributions).
DemoLinux has been distributed in many magazines in several countries. It is still downloadable from the official website, but has not evolved since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2883433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883433" title="S.S. Chieti Calcio">
S.S. Chieti Calcio

Società Sportiva Chieti Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Chieti, Abruzzo. Currently it plays in Serie D.
History.
Foundation.
Chieti was founded in 1922 as Calcio Chieti with a capital of 50 cents. The First World War had just ended, the football came from the distant echo of the successes of Pro Vercelli, Novese, Milan, Inter, Juventus, Genoa and so on. One day in the Villa Comunale, Nicola De Cesare tossed with some friends, the idea of forming a football team. It joined other people with the sum of £0.50 was paid the dues and was born RISS. The RISS played in the first few games against teams in the central Civitella military. The enthusiasm for sport was rising huge. Existed in the same year the Sport Club Chieti, who for many years not doing any sport, it was decided therefore to a large rise in Chieti association football. There was a meeting between the RISS, Novell and Sport Cub Chieti and Chieti was formed with the U. S. President Carlo Massangioli. 
Chieti played 2005/2006 in Serie C1/B, ending last-placed and being therefore relegated to Serie C2 for the next season. The team was however cancelled by the federation because of financial troubles.
Refoundation.
A new club, named "A.S.D. Chieti", asked to be admitted to play Promozione (7th level of Italian football). Chieti gained promotion to Serie D in 2008. Since 2010–11 season, S.S. Chieti Calcio plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
In 2012–13, the team was playing at the fourth tier of Italian football, managing to get to the promotion playoffs, after securing a draw in the last matchday against Arzanese. The goalscorer that sealed the qualification of the team to the playoffs was Massimiliano Barbone, a defender on loan from Serie B club Pescara.
Colors and badge.
The team's colours are green and black.
The choice of black and green Theatines date back to 1919, the year in which the first soccer team representing the City did not have their uniforms, so in lack of money to buy it was necessary to the seals of Venezia Calcio found in a crate from the Venice along with many other documents containing the registry office and more, transferred to Chieti to Edict of King Vittorio Emanuele III to prevent the seizure by the Austro-Hungarian troops in case of invasion of the Veneto after Kobarid. The pennant team has undergone various tweaks over the years. Was recently identified by a crest style AC Milan, then under the leadership of President Antonio Buccilli, we moved to a more modern pennant depicting two strips (one black and one green) cross the words "DC 1922" i.e. Chieti Calcio 1922. In 2006, following the failure of the pennant 'ASD Chieti rudimentary style has been reinvented AS Roma. The last change was made in the summer of 2008 when the previous emblem was added to one side the 'Achilles' horse, symbol of the city of Chieti and just, therefore, also the local team.
Stadium.
The stadium Stadio Guido Angelini was designed in 1969 and became operational in May 1970 with a friendly Chieti-Milan arbitrated by the great Concetto Lo Bello, all with a frame of about 11,000 spectators. In the first 9 years of the stadium has been named "Marrucino".

</doc>
<doc id="2883436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883436" title="Gun Alley Murder">
Gun Alley Murder

The Gun Alley Murder was the rape and murder of 12-year-old Alma Tirtschke in Melbourne, Australia in 1921. She was a schoolgirl and had last been seen alive close to a drinking establishment, the "Australian Wine Saloon;" under these circumstances her murder caused a sensation. More recently, the case has become well known as a miscarriage of justice.
Alma's task that day had been to go from her grandmother's house in Jolimont to a Swanston Street butchers, collect a parcel of meat, drop it at an aunt's Collins Street home and return to Jolimont.
It was uncharacteristic for Alma to take so long on her errands. A witness said he saw a man following Alma. Reliable witnesses who had nothing to lose or gain by telling police what they knew said Alma was dawdling, apprehensive and obviously afraid. 
Just a few metres away from the Australian Wine Saloon in the Eastern Arcade, between Bourke and Little Collins Streets, where Alfred Place runs off Little Collins Street (next to present day 120 Collins St), Alma was last seen about 3 pm on 30 December 1921. Her naked body was found early the next morning in a lane running east off Gun Alley, not far from Alfred Place. 
Following the discovery of the body, the owner of the Australian Wine Saloon, Colin Campbell Ross, was charged with her rape and murder. The case against him was based on the evidence of two witnesses, plus a red hair, apparently from Tirtschke's head, which provided a vital connection between Ross and the murder. Ross protested his innocence but was hanged.
The two witnesses were later considered by many to be unreliable, both having had a motive to lie. The only credible piece of evidence was the red hair that connected Ross to the case. 
Ross could account for his movements at the time Alma disappeared, and later that night, when her body was dumped in Gun Alley. With nothing to hide, Ross had told detectives who interviewed him that a little girl matching Alma's description had passed his saloon, but that this was his only connection with the victim.
More reliable forensic examinations in the 1990s disproved the red hair connection and showed that Ross was probably innocent. Colin Campbell Ross was granted a pardon on 22 May 2008, the date on which the Victorian governor, as the Queen's representative, signed it. The pardon was announced publicly on 27 May 2008. It is the first - and to date only - pardon for a judicially executed person in Australia. In the book which led to Ross's pardon, author Kevin Morgan revealed for the first time the evidence missed by the police in their original investigation and identified by name Tirtschke's probable killer.
Notes on Gun Alley.
Referring to the map:

</doc>
<doc id="2883438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883438" title="Grind (2003 film)">
Grind (2003 film)

Grind is a 2003 American adventure, comedy film about four young aspiring amateur skaters Eric Rivers (Mike Vogel), Matt Jensen (Vince Vieluf), Dustin Knight (Adam Brody), and Sweet Lou Singer (Joey Kern) who are trying to make it in the world of pro skateboarding by pulling insane stunts in front of pro skater Jimmy Wilson (Jason London). The film has developed a cult following.
Plot.
While the rest of his high school graduating class is heading to the same old kind of college, skateboarder Eric Rivers and his best friends, Dustin, a goal-oriented workaholic, and misfit slacker Matt have one last summer roadtrip together to follow their dream of getting noticed by the professional skateboarding world—and getting paid to skate. When skating legend Jimmy Wilson's skate demo tour hits town, the boys figure that as soon as he sees their fierce tricks, he'll sign them up for his renowned skate team immediately, right? Unfortunately, the guys are intercepted by Jimmy's road manager and they can't get their foot in the door, much less their boards. But they do get some free advice: keep skating, stay true to yourself, and stay in the game—if you're good, you'll get noticed. Following their dream—and Jimmy's national tour—Eric, Dustin and Matt start their own skate team, reluctantly sponsored by Dustin and his college fund.
After recruiting laid-back ladies man Lou "Sweet Lou" Singer to join their crew and provide the van for their tour, team Super Duper launches the ride of their lives in an outrageous road trip from Chicago to Santa Monica. The professional scene doesn't exactly welcome nobody, but these outsiders stick together through extreme misadventures. In their quest to go pro, they meet professional vert skating champions Bucky Lasek, Bob Burnquist and Pierre Luc Gagnon, skate pro Bam Margera and his crew Preston Lacy, Ehren Danger McGhehey and Jason Wee Man Acuña, as well as sexy skate chick Jamie as they grind handrails across America and force the skateboarding world to give 'em a piece of the action.
Soundtrack.
A soundtrack consisting of a blend of rock, hip hop and reggae music was released on August 12, 2003 by Atlantic Records.
Critical response.
The film received unfavorable reviews from critics. Review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes reports that 8% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 71 reviews, with an average score of 3.1/10. Metacritic gave it an average score of 30 out of 100 from the 24 reviews it collected.
Joe Laydon, of "Variety Magazine" called the "Skating scenes ... unremarkable and repetitious," concluding that the film was less than good.
Keith Phipps, for "The Onion's" A.V. Club, said "The film ... will gleam the cube only of viewers with an unusually high tolerance for porta-toilet and Dutch-oven gags."

</doc>
<doc id="2883449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883449" title="Imilac">
Imilac

Imilac is the name given to a pallasite meteorite found in the Atacama Desert of Northern Chile in 1822.
Classification.
Imilac is classified as a stony–iron pallasite. Imilac specimens are highly prized by meteorite collectors due to its high concentration of beautiful olivine grains.
Strewn field.
Numerous masses were found in a valley to the SW of Imilac. The total weight of the Imilac fall is estimated to be around . The primary strewn field is long about .
Specimens.
Due to weathering, intact olivine grains are present only on large specimens (over ). Smaller samples contain darker altered olivine cristals. On the market there are also a lot of very small (few grams) Imilac individuals called "metal skeletons": they are severely weathered and lack olivine grains.

</doc>
<doc id="2883450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883450" title="Sukumar Azhikode">
Sukumar Azhikode

Azhikode was a bachelor and lived in Eravimangalam near Thrissur, Kerala state. He died on 24 January 2012 at the age of 85 at Amala Institute of Medical Sciences, in Thrissur due to cancer.
Awards.
Azhikode's most famous work is "Tatvamasi" (1984, Malayalam), a book on Indian Philosophy, Vedas and Upanishads. "Thathvamasi" won twelve awards, including the Kendra Sahitya Academi Award, Kerala Sahithya Academi Award, Vayalar Award and the Rajaji Award.
Azhikode headed the Malayalam department of Calicut University and later retired as its pro-vice chancellor.
A recipient of literary honours including the Kendra Sahitya Academy award. In January 2007, Azhikode refused to accept the Padma Shri conferred on him stating that Such honours are against the Constitution. ""The Constitution says everyone should be treated as equal. Giving such honours at different levels, the State discriminates between people. I see the Padma Shri conferred on me as an opportunity to expose this discrimination.""
He also won the Bahrain Keraleeya Samajam Sahithya Puraskaram lifetime achievement award.
Death.
Azhikode died on 24 January 2012, at Amala Institute of Medical Sciences in Thrissur. He was suffering from cancer and had been hospitalized since 7 December 2011.
He was 85 years old.
Major works.
His concerns were wide and touched upon progressive literature ("Purogamanasahityavum Mattum"), Gandhism ("Mahatmavinte Margam"), Kumaran Asan ("Aasaante Seethaakavyam"), the teachings of Sree Narayana Guru ("Guruvinte Dukham") and literary aesthetics ("Sankara Kurup Vimarshikkapedunnu")

</doc>
<doc id="2883472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883472" title="Marcelo Nova">
Marcelo Nova

Marcelo Nova is a Brazilian singer born in the state of Bahia. 
He began his career in the group Camisa de Vênus in the 1980s and had recorded several hit songs such as "Bete Morreu", "Eu Não Matei Joana D'Arc" and "Silvia". At a young age he was a fan of Raul Seixas, and towards the end of Seixas' life, they both worked together on songs.
He also worked with Eric Burdon.

</doc>
<doc id="2883473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883473" title="Attilâ İlhan">
Attilâ İlhan

Attilâ İlhan (15 June 1925 – 11 October 2005) was a Turkish poet, novelist, essayist, journalist and reviewer.
Early life and education.
Attilâ İlhan was born in Menemen in İzmir Province, Turkey on 15 June 1925. He received most of his primary education in İzmir. However, because of his father's job, he completed his junior high school education in different cities. Aged 16 and enrolled in İzmir Atatürk High School, he got into trouble for sending a poem by Nazım Hikmet, a famous dissident communist Turkish poet, to a girl he was in love with. He was arrested and taken into custody for three weeks. He was also dismissed from school and jailed for two months. After his imprisonment, İlhan was forbidden from attending any schools in Turkey, thus interrupting his education.
Following a favourable court decision in 1941, he received permission to continue his education again and enrolled in Istanbul Işık High School. During the last year of his high school education, his uncle sent one of his poems to CHP Poetry Competition without telling Attilâ. The poem, "Cebbaroğlu Mehemmed" won the second prize among many poems written by famous poets. He graduated from high school in 1942 and enrolled in İstanbul University's law school. However, he left midway through his legal education to pursue his own endeavours and published his first poetry book, "Duvar" ("The Wall").
Years in Paris.
In his second year at Istanbul University, he went to Paris in order to take part in supporting Nazım Hikmet. His observations of the French and their culture were to influence many of his works.
After returning to Turkey, he repeatedly ran into trouble with the police. Interrogations in "Sansaryan Han" influenced his works based on death, thriller, etc.
Istanbul–Paris–Izmir triangle.
He went back to Paris again in 1951 because of an official investigation about an article in "Gerçek" newspaper. In this period he learned to speak French and studied Marxist philosophy. In the 1950s Attilâ İlhan spent his days along an İstanbul–Paris–İzmir triangle and during this period he started to become popular in Turkey. After returning to Turkey, he resumed studying law. However, in his last year at law school, he left university and took up a journalistic career. His relationship with the cinema also started in this year. He began writing movie reviews and critiques in "Vatan" newspaper.
Artistic versatility.
After completing his military service in Erzurum in 1957, İlhan returned to İstanbul and concentrated on cinema. He wrote screenplays for nearly 15 movies under the "nom de plume" Ali Kaptanoğlu. However, cinema didn't meet his expectations and he went back to Paris in 1960. During this period, he analyzed the development of socialism and television. The unexpected death of his father caused him to return to his hometown of İzmir, where he would remain for the next eight years. During this period, he served as the editorial writer and editor-in-chief of the "Democratic İzmir" newspaper. During the same years, he also wrote poetry books, "Yasak Sevişmek" and "Bıçağın Ucu" of the "Aynanın İçindekiler" series.
Political views.
Attilâ İlhan was a kemalist and socialist. In his later life he appeared on television programs where he discussed literary and social issues. Although he was a devoted communist, he never espoused Stalinism and he always took a nationalistic point of view within communism. He was also an intellectual figure in Turkey where his ideas influenced the public. In his series of books entitled "Hangi …", he questioned the imitative intellectualism which dominated the cultural and political life of Turkey.
Personal life.
He married in 1968 and remained so for 15 years. He was the brother of famous Turkish actress Çolpan İlhan, wife of the late Sadri Alışık, himself a famous actor.
Death.
Attilâ İlhan died of a heart-attack in İstanbul on 10 October 2005. Attilâ İlhan was buried at Aşiyan Asri Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2883476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883476" title="Len Wills">
Len Wills

Leonard Edward "Len" Wills (born 8 November 1927) is an English former football player.
Born in Hackney, London, Wills first played for the youth teams of non-league Eton Manor, before being signed by Arsenal in October 1949. For the next four years he played in the Gunners' reserve team, playing either at right half or right back. In October 1953, Arsenal's regular right back, Joe Wade, damaged his knee, and Wills promptly stepped up to replace him, making his debut against Tottenham Hotspur on 10 October 1953 – Arsenal won 4-1.
Wills played so well that he replaced Wade for the rest of that season, playing 30 matches, and another 24 in 1954-55. However, the Gunners signed Stan Charlton in November 1955 and he displaced Wills out of the Arsenal first team. Wills became a bit-part player for the next couple of seasons, deputising for Charlton at right back or Dennis Evans at left back.
After Charlton left the club in 1958, Wills regained the right back position, and became a regular in the side for the next three seasons, but by 1961 his age was starting to count against him. Youngsters Dave Bacuzzi and Eddie Magill shared the right-back spot during 1961-62, with Wills not getting a single game. He left the club on a free transfer at the end of that season, signing for Romford. In all he played 208 games for Arsenal, scoring 4 goals. He never won a major trophy at Arsenal (arriving in the first team just after the Gunners' 1952-53 title triumph), although he did play in the Gunners' 1953-54 Charity Shield win over Blackpool.
After retiring from playing, Wills left the game completely and had a highly successful second career in the DIY retail trade.And i currently living in epping in essex.

</doc>
<doc id="2883481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883481" title="Foggia Calcio">
Foggia Calcio

Foggia Calcio is an Italian football club, based in Foggia, Puglia. Foggia currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, having last been in Serie A in 1995. 
The team gained nationwide popularity as US Foggia in the 1990s when coached by Zdeněk Zeman because of its attacking, spectacular style of play, which brought Foggia continuously on the verge of UEFA Cup qualification, launching several players who later broke through at international level such as Giuseppe Signori, Francesco Baiano, Brian Roy, Igor Kolyvanov, Igor Shalimov, Roberto Rambaudi and Dan Petrescu.
History.
US Foggia.
Foundation and early years.
The club was founded in 1920 as Foggia Calcio. The club spent its early history playing football in the lower leagues, winning a championship in the "dilettanti" in 1933.
In 1957–58, a merger took place between Foggia Calcio and Foggia Incedit, forming Unione Sportiva Foggia as the club is today. In 1961–62, the team was taken over by President Domenico Rosa Rosa, a wood industrialist, and coach Oronzo Pugliese, who quickly led them to promotion to Serie B.
Reaching Serie A.
History was made in the 1963–64 season, when Rosa Rosa and Oronzo Pugliese's Foggia reached Serie A for the first time. From 1964–65, Foggia managed to compete in three consecutive seasons in the top flight. On 31 January 1965, still under the guidance of coach Pugliese, Foggia recorded a historic 3–2 victory against Inter, who were at the time led by manager Helenio Herrera. The season was crowned by the national call-ups of Micelli and Nocera who played for Italy against Wales. Italy won 4–1 and Nocera managed to get on the scoresheet. At the end of the season, Pugliese left to take charge of Roma. 
Pugliese was replaced by Egizio Rubino, and Foggia, although with more difficulty compared to the previous season, managed to survive the drop again. The following year, however, Foggia was relegated. It was a forgettable championship, after 10 matches Foggia had collected only three points and scored just 24 goals. Rubino was sacked and replaced by Bonazzini. The team improved under Bonazzini but failed to avoid relegation. At the end of the season, president Rosa Rosa also left the club, following their relegation.
Relegated at the end of the 1966–67 season, Foggia returned to the top flight in 1970–71, with Tommaso Maestrelli on the bench. Maestrelli would later win the 1973–74 scudetto with Lazio. Luigi Del Neri was, at the time, a Foggia player. The club was relegated again and returned to Serie A in 1973–74, before another relegation which came after a 6-point deduction for alleged corruption relating to the referee of a home match against Milan. The coach that season was Lauro Toneatto. Foggia played two more seasons in Serie A in 1976–77 and in 1977–78, when they were once more relegated to Serie B.
Glory years and "Zemanlandia".
Following their relegation back to Serie B, Foggia were then dealt with a further blow with relegation to Serie C. They battled their way in Serie C1 throughout much of the 1980s. This was a particularly tough time for Foggia as their regional rivals, Bari, Lecce, Barletta and Taranto were all playing at higher levels.
In 1989, with the appointment of Czech coach Zdeněk Zeman, the club began to enter the greatest period in its history. The aggressive and entertaining football of the Bohemian coach was based on a 4–3–3 formation. Pressure, offside tactics and frenetic movement of both players and the ball made up the trademark style of Zeman's Foggia. The club first returned to Serie B, and then the following season in 1990–91, they won the Serie B by a large margin and returned to Serie A. 
After returning to Serie A in the 1991–92 season, "Foggia dei Miracoli", as they were known, proved to be competitive with any opponent and was appreciated by the press because of the attractive football they played. The term "Zemanlandia" was then coined to indicate the style created by Zeman, and became strictly associated to the Foggia team of the 1990s. The Foggia team also featured star players, especially attacking trio of Giuseppe Signori, Francesco Baiano and Roberto Rambaudi, as well as Russian star Igor Shalimov. That season, Foggia achieved the amazing feat of scoring 58 goals while also conceding 58. Foggia soon lost many of these quality players, including their three key forwards, and had to replace them with young talent. The club completed three Serie A campaigns finishing mid-table. In Serie A 1993-94, Foggia's football continued but the depleted squad was no longer as competitive and the club was relegated back to Serie B in 1995.
Zeman left to join Lazio at the end of that season, marking the end of "Zemanlandia" whilst the club was beset with financial problems. The Foggia glory days had come to an end.
Decline, Serie C and Zeman's return.
Following the drop, Foggia spent two seasons in Serie B achieving mid-table finishes, before another relegation followed at the end of the 1997–98 season. They did not fare any better down in Serie C1, with another successive relegation to Serie C2.
Playing football in Italy's fourth tier was far less glamorous than the Zemanlandia days but the club set itself on the long road back in 2002–03, when led by coach Pasquale Marino and key players Roberto De Zerbi and Michele Pazienza, they were promoted back to Serie C1.
After the 2003–04 season, in which they finished mid-table but with good signs for the following year, Foggia were hit with financial problems and lost the coach Marino and all the best players.
The news sent the fans into despair but Giuseppe Coccimiglio took over the reins of the club and gave confidence to the new club which assumed the team's historic name, Unione Sportiva Foggia, and was able to keep their place in the league.
After two more seasons finishing in mid-table, during which there were five coaching changes, Coccimiglio was criticised for not paying players' wages, a situation which created instability. After complex negotiations, the company passed into the hands of a team of local entrepreneurs led by Tullio Capobianco.
The club spent the following years mid-table in C1, narrowly losing a promotion playoff in 2006–07 against Avellino which would have seen them return to Serie B. The following season, 2007–08, they again reached the playoffs, this time losing to Cremonese.
On June 2010 Pasquale Casillo, chairman and owner during the glory years of the 1990s, re-acquired the club, and reformed the old trio of Foggia heads by appointing back Zdeněk Zeman as manager and Giuseppe Pavone as director of football.
After the end of the 2011–12 season, it did not appeal against the exclusion of Federal Council and it is excluded by the Italian football.
Foggia Calcio.
In the summer 2012 the new company A.C.D. Foggia Calcio was founded to continue the football history of the city of Foggia. The club restarted from Serie D thanks to "Article 52 NOIF of FIGC" and was immediately promoted to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione through a repechage, dropping the "A.C.D. "part of their denomination in the process.
Fans.
Football has always been a popular sport to follow in the city of Foggia, especially since the Zeman years. I Satanelli can also count on support from across the Province of Foggia.
The only twinning Foggia fans have is with the supporters of Cagliari and more specifically with the "Sconvolts 1987" ultras. However, each group has personal friendships, notable are those with Monza, Latina and Budapest Honved.
Managerial history.
Foggia have had many managers and trainers throughout the history of a club, in some seasons more than one manager was in charge. Here is a chronological list of them from 1923 onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="2883482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883482" title="Sam McPheeters">
Sam McPheeters

Sam McPheeters (born 1969 Lorain, Ohio) is an American artist, journalist, novelist, and performer. Raised in Albany, New York, he became a published author at age 12, with "Travelers' Tales", a collection of regional folklore. In 1985, McPheeters grew active with the hardcore punk scene, producing several fanzines and organizing local concerts. After moving to New York City in 1987, he co-founded Born Against in 1989 and the Vermiform Records label in 1990. In 1993, he co-founded the Virginia-based band Men's Recovery Project, and in 2003, he co-founded the Los Angeles-based band Wrangler Brutes.
Starting in 2005, McPheeters has written for a variety of national magazines, including the "Chicago Reader", "Huffington Post", the "OC Weekly", and the "Village Voice". He is a frequent contributor for "Vice". In 2012, his first novel, "The Loom Of Ruin", was published through Los Angeles-based Mugger Books. He lives in Pomona, California.
Discography.
with Born Against.
Compilation appearances

</doc>
<doc id="2883491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883491" title="George Elmacin">
George Elmacin

George Elmacin (or Girgis Al-Makin) (1205–1273), also known as Ibn al-'Amid, was an Arabic Christian historian.
Life.
The details of his life come from passages at the end of his own history. He was born in Cairo in Egypt in 1205. His full name in Arabic was Ğirğis ibn Abī Ùl-Yāsir ibn Abī Ùl-Mukārīm ibn Abī Ùt.-T. ayyib al-ÿAmīd (called) al-Makīn. His great grandfather was a merchant from Tikrit in Iraq who settled in Egypt.
He was a Coptic Christian and was known in the east as Ibn al-Amid. He held high office in the military office ("dīwān al-ğayš") in Cairo.
Such a position carried risks. He was twice imprisoned, possibly because of links to the contemporary unrest in Syria at the time of the Mongol invasion; in one case for over a decade.
After his release, he wrote his chronicle in the years 1262-8, after his career (and his time in prison) was over.
Later he moved to Damascus, where he died in 1273.
Works.
His sole surviving work is a world chronicle in two parts, entitled "al-Majmu` al-Mubarak" ("The blessed collection"). The first portion runs from Adam down to the 11th year of Heraclius. The second half is a history of the Saracens, which extends from the time of Mohammed to the accession of the Mameluke Sultan Baybars in 1260. The second half is mainly derived from the Persian writer Al-Tabari, as the author tells us, and was used by later Moslem and Christian writers.
In the first half, the work is structured as a series of numbered biographies of the most important men of the time, with Adam as the first. Down to 586 BC, the history is based on the bible. Later data is based on various sources, some otherwise unknown to us. The first half ends with a list of Patriarchs of the church of Alexandria.
The work was not hugely original. He drew on earlier sources, including the world history of ibn al-Rahib. But it was very influential in both East and West. It was used by the 14-15th century Moslem historians Ibn Khaldun, al-Qalqashandi, and al-Maqrizi.
The second half was published in Arabic and Latin at Leiden in 1625. The Latin version is a translation by Erpenius (van Erpen), under the title, "Historia saracenica", and from this a French translation was made by Wattier as "L'Histoire mahomtane" (Paris, 1657). An abbreviated English translation was also made from the Latin by Purchas. The translation by Erpenius was one of the first ever made of an Arabic text in modern times, and suffers accordingly from the lack of Lexica and difficulties with the language.
No edition of the whole work exists; no critical edition of any part of it, or any translation into any modern language of any but trivial portions. This lack is a considerable problem for philology, and renders the text effectively inaccessible to scholarship. Manuscripts of the complete text exist, as well as manuscripts of each half individually. The British Library has the oldest complete manuscript, BL. Or. 7564, from 1280 A.D. The Bodleian Library in Oxford has a manuscript which includes an unpublished Latin translation of the end of the first half and all of the second.
An Ethiopic translation of the whole work also exists, again unpublished, which follows the Arabic closely. It was made in the reign of Lebna Dengal (1508–40). A copy exists in the British Library, shelfmark "Ms. Oriental 814", comprising 119 folios of the 175 folio book. From this E.Wallis Budge translated the chapter on Alexander the Great, which contains verbatim extracts from the old Arabic Hermetic work "al-Istamakhis".
A continuation of the Chronicle also exists, written by Al-Muffadal ibn abi Al-Fada`il, who was also a Copt and may have been the author's great-nephew. It continues the text to the death of al-Malik al-Nasir in 1341. This contains only limited references to events in the Coptic community, and is mainly a secular history concerned with Moslem affairs. The continuation survives in only a single manuscript, and was apparently written for personal use.

</doc>
<doc id="2883504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883504" title="Kelvin Grove">
Kelvin Grove

Kelvin Grove or Kelvingrove may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2883507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883507" title="Virginia State Route 288">
Virginia State Route 288

State Route 288 is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a freeway-standard partial beltway around the southwest side of Richmond. SR 288 was officially dedicated as the World War II Veterans Memorial Highway in 2004.
Description of route.
SR 288 may be thought of as the southwestern portion of an "outer beltway" of Richmond, although there is no such roadway formally designated. The route begins at Interstate 95 north of Chester, and extends northwesterly through Chesterfield County and Powhatan County. It crosses the James River on the World War II Veterans Memorial Bridge into Goochland County in Richmond's Far West End area, where it terminates at Interstate 64 near Short Pump, near the northern terminus of Interstate 295.
The highway has been built entirely to Interstate standards.
History.
Sections of the road were built over a period of more than 15 years. During that time, the planned routing of the northern portion was changed substantially, and not without some conflict within the communities. The 17.4-mile-long southern portion of SR 288 in Chesterfield County (from Interstate 95 to State Route 76 near Midlothian) was completed in 1989.
Initially, the highway was planned to continue north and west of this temporary terminus to connect with Interstate 64 at Interstate 295, creating a seamless straight connection between SR 288 and I-295. This would have formed a partial beltway (I-295 north of I-64 and west of I-95, and SR 288 in the southwest quadrant). There is however no evidence that it was to be an Interstate.
However, this planned corridor and a river crossing into Henrico County west of Richmond was abandoned in 1988. This was due to a peculiarity in the varying powers and abilities of local governments to control growth and preserve rights-of-way resultant from the Byrd Road Act of 1932. While Henrico County had been able to preserve its corridor, there had been development of residential neighborhoods and homes along and within the intended path in Chesterfield County during the years after initial planning. Despite opposition by both Henrico County and the City of Richmond, a more westerly alignment north of VA-76 was selected. Much of the planned section in Henrico County became the John Rolfe Parkway corridor there.
Instead, a more westerly alignment was selected through Powhatan and Goochland Counties, causing a break in what would have been a continuous loop between SR 288 and I-295 at their northern juncture. In 2004, construction of this "western alignment" as it became known was completed, including a new crossing of the James River known as the World War II Veterans Memorial Bridge.
Henrico County was able to preserve its planned corridor for Route 288 from development while Chesterfield County was not. This was partially because Henrico and Arlington County are the only two counties in Virginia which control and maintain their own secondary highways and streets. VDOT handles this for Chesterfield and all other counties, but has little control of residential development.

</doc>
<doc id="2883518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883518" title="Cantabrian">
Cantabrian

Cantabrian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2883521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883521" title="Fernand Lataste">
Fernand Lataste

Fernand Lataste (1847 - 1934) was a French zoologist and herpetologist born in Cadillac, Gironde. 
From 1880 to 1884 he collected reptiles and amphibians in North Africa (Algeria, Tunisia and Morocco), publishing ""Les missions scientifiques de Fernand Lataste en Afrique noire et au Maghreb"". In 1885 he released ""Étude de la faune des vertébrés de Barbarie"", a standard work on animals of North Africa. Other publications by Lataste are:
In 1876 he was a founding member of the "Société zoologique de France".
Taxonomy.
He was the taxonomic author of numerous genera and species, as an example, in 1880 he described the fat-tailed gerbil ("Pachyuromys" "duprasi"). Along with Lataste's Viper ("Vipera latastei"), a viper from Spain, Portugal and North Africa, his name is associated with the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2883526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883526" title="Twenty Four Seven (Dallas Crane album)">
Twenty Four Seven (Dallas Crane album)

Twenty Four Seven is the second album by aussie rock band Dallas Crane, released in October 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2883528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883528" title="Tennelec">
Tennelec

Tennelec was a US electronics company founded in the early 1960s by Edward Fairstein in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. The company came to prominence producing instrumentation for nuclear studies and later, programmable scanning radios.
The TC-200 amplifier was a successful early design that established Tennelec as a leader in the nuclear instrumentation field. Following on the heels of the TC-200 success, the company developed additional components necessary for precise nuclear measurement, including detectors and particle counters.
Tennelec also manufactured innovative scanning radios in the 1970s. The first programmable radio scanner was the Memoryscan from Tennelec Commercial Products Division, introduced in 1974, and later known as the Memoryscan 1 (model MS-1). This was followed by a slightly improved model, the Memoryscan 2 (model MS-2). Prior to the MS-1 and MS-2, scanners were "programmed" by inserting a series of hand-cut crystals tuned for different frequencies. The scanner would then switch between the frequencies, stopping when the user pressed a switch. With the MS-1 and MS-2, the user selected up to 16 frequencies they wanted to monitor by setting them up using binary codes entered via two pushbuttons on the front panel. Sixteen toggle switches allowed the user to select which frequencies were of interest at any given time. The system could cycle through the selected frequencies until stopped. The advantage was that the system could be set up to monitor different sets of frequencies, e.g., police one night, fire departments the next.
The first scanner allowing direct entry of decimal frequencies on a keypad, was the Tennelec MCP-1. The scanner was released at the Winter 1976 Consumer Electronics Show in Chicago. The system was a hit, and was soon picked up for Radio Shack. To help users get started, Radio Shack also purchased thousands of copies of "Police Call", a guide to various radio frequencies
Partly due to poor quality control of their scanner line, Tennelec filed for bankruptcy soon after introducing their latest radio models. By this point other manufacturers, in particular SBE and Regency and Electra, had already introduced their own programmable models. 
Tennelec, still located in Oak Ridge, TN, is now a division of Canberra Industries, which is owned by Areva.

</doc>
<doc id="2883534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883534" title="Steve Shirley">
Steve Shirley

Dame Stephanie "Steve" Shirley, DBE, FREng, FRSA, FBCS (born September 16, 1933, Dortmund, Germany) is a British businesswoman and philanthropist. She originally arrived in Britain as an unaccompanied "Kindertransport" child refugee. She was placed with foster parents in Sutton Coldfield and was later re-united with her biological parents, but later claimed she "never really bonded with them". 
In 1962, Shirley founded the software company F.I. Group (later Xansa, since acquired by Steria). She was concerned with creating work opportunities for women with dependants, and predominantly employed women, only 3 out of 300-odd programmers were male, until the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 made that illegal. She adopted the name "Steve" to help her in the male-dominated business world. In 1993, she officially retired at the age of 60 and has taken up philanthropy since then.
Shirley was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1980 Queen's Birthday Honours, and promoted Dame Commander (DBE) in the New Year Honours, 2000. 
The Shirley Foundation, based in the UK was set up by Dame Stephanie Shirley, in 1986 with a substantial gift to establish a charitable trust fund.
Its mission is "facilitation and support of pioneering projects with strategic impact in the field of autism spectrum disorders with particular emphasis on medical research". The fund has supported many projects through grants and loans including: Kingwood which supports 67 people with autism and Asperger's to enjoy full and active lives, Prior's Court is the foundation's largest benefaction with a residential school for 60 autistic pupils and Young Adult Centre for 18 autistic students, Autism Cymru, Wales' national charity, Autism99, the first online autism conference attended by 165,000 people from 33 difference countries.
In 1987, she gained the Freedom of the City of London. She was President of the British Computer Society from 1989 to 1990. In 1985, she was awarded a Recognition of Information Technology Award. In 1999 she received the Mountbatten Medal. 
She has reportedly donated most of her £150m wealth (from the internal sale to the company staff and later the flotation of F.I. Group) to charity during her retirement. Beneficiaries include the Worshipful Company of Information Technologists and the Oxford Internet Institute, part of the Oxford University, through the Shirley Foundation. Her late son Giles (1963–1998) was autistic and she became an early member of the National Autistic Society. She has instigated and funded research in this field, for example through the Autism Research Centre led by Prof. Simon Baron-Cohen.
In 2003 Shirley received the Beacon Fellowship Prize for her contribution to countering autism and for her pioneering work in harnessing information technology for the public good. 
She addresses many conferences and lectures around the world and is in frequent contact with parents, carers and those with autism and the related Asperger's Syndrome. Her autistic son died following an epileptic fit at the age of 35. In July 2008, she gave a biographical talk about her life and her ideals which is available online from Gresham College titled "Give and Take".
In 1991, Shirley was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Buckingham, since when she has been so honoured by 23 English and 4 Scottish Universities.
From May 2009 until May 2010, Dame Stephanie served as the UK's Ambassador for Philanthropy, a government appointment aimed at giving philanthropists a "voice". 
Appearing on BBC Radio 2's "Good Morning Sunday" with Clare Balding in 2013, Dame Stephanie discussed why she had given away more than £67 million of her personal wealth to different projects. In her 2012 memoirs "Let IT Go", she writes "I do it because of my personal history; I need to justify the fact that my life was saved."
In February 2013 she was assessed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4.
In January 2014 the Science Council named Dame Stephanie as one of the Top 100 scientists in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2883535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883535" title="Peak Wilderness Sanctuary">
Peak Wilderness Sanctuary

Peak Wilderness sanctuary is a natural reserve in Sri Lanka. It is the third largest (by area) of the 50 sanctuaries in the country.
Peak Wilderness sanctuary is a tropical rain forest that spreads over a land of 224 square kilometers around the Sri Pada (Adam's Peak) mountain. A huge forest area that belonged to the Peak Wilderness was cut down and cleared during the British colonial rule in Sri Lanka (1815-1948) to gain land for the massive tea estates which are still functioning in Nuwara Eliya district. The remaining portion of the Peak Wilderness was declared a wildlife sanctuary on October 25, 1940.
The contours of Peak Wilderness vary from 1000 to 7360 feet above sea level. Therefore, it possesses unusual geographical formations compared to the other natural reserves of the island. Bena Samanala (6579 ft), Dotalugala, Detanagala, are some of the taller mountains in the Peak Wilderness. It is also the birthplace of Kelani, Kalu, Walave rivers and many tributaries of the river Mahaweli which make waterfalls such as Dotalu falls, Geradi falls, Galagama falls (655 ft), and Mapanana falls (330 ft) inside the sanctuary.
Out of the 3 access routes; Hatton route, Kuruwita route and Palabaddala route, which Buddhist devotees and other tourists use to reach the Adam’s Peak, Kuruwita and Palabaddala routes go right across the Peak Wilderness sanctuary. This forest area is entirely under the control of Sri Lanka Wildlife Conservation Department. It does not maintain any lodge, bungalow or such type of facility for tourists inside Peak Wilderness sanctuary in order to safeguard the purity of this forest. Yet, there is no restriction for eco-tourists to enter the sanctuary after obtaining permission from Sri Lanka Wildlife Conservation Department. Entering the sanctuary during the rain season is at the tourist’s own risk because of the unforeseen downpours and instant floods lead to life-risk situations.
Location.
It is located within the Sabaragamuwa mountain range in the central hills.
Boundaries.
There are no specific boundaries for the Peak Wilderness sanctuary. Most boundaries are marked by plantations owned by the Government and the private sector.The eastern boundary is clear and connected to Pidurutalagala mountain region and Horton Plains National Park.
Fauna.
In October 2009, the world's rarest toad "Adenomus kandianus" was rediscovered in this sanctuary after it was thought to be extinct for 133 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2883537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883537" title="Nikolo Kotzev">
Nikolo Kotzev

Nikolo Kotzev () (born 1961) is a Bulgarian guitarist, violinist, song writer and producer, perhaps most famous for his 2001 rock opera "Nostradamus" and his band Brazen Abbot.
Biography.
Kotzev was born in Pazardzhik and started taking violin lessons at the age of five. While in his teens he took an interest to rock music, and started playing the guitar.
Nikolo worked as a session musician and played the guitar in a Bulgarian rock group Impulse. While touring with the band in Europe in the late 80s, Nikolo met Swedish singer Björn Lodin. When Nikolo relocated to Mariehamn, Åland, Finland in 1989, he joined Lodin's band Baltimoore, with whom he recorded two albums: "Double Density" (1992) and "Thought For Food" (1994). 
Creative differences led to Kotzev's departure in 1994, at which point Nikolo started working on a solo project under the Brazen Abbot moniker. The result was "Live and Learn" (1995), which featured singers Göran Edman (ex-Yngwie Malmsteen), Glenn Hughes (ex-Deep Purple, ex-Trapeze) and Thomas Vikström, keyboard player Mic Michaeli (Europe), bassist Svante Henryson and drummer Ian Haugland (Europe). Kotzev played the guitar, produced, mixed and wrote all the songs for the album.
The follow-up album, "Eye of the Storm" (1996), featured mostly the same people, with Joe Lynn Turner (ex-Rainbow,ex-Deep Purple) replacing Hughes and John Levén (Europe) replacing Henryson. The same line-up also released "Bad Religion" (1997).
Brazen Abbot was put on hiatus when Kotzev started working on a rock opera about Nostradamus. Due to a string of setbacks, including scheduling conflicts and Kotzev's record company, USG Records, going bankrupt, the album wasn't completed until 2000 and was finally released as "Nikolo Kotzev's Nostradamus" in 2001 on SPV Records. The album featured most Brazen Abbot members, in addition to singers Jørn Lande (Masterplan), Alannah Myles and Sass Jordan.
Kotzev resumed work with Brazen Abbot in 2002, releasing "Guilty as Sin" in 2003. The line-up was mostly the same as for "Bad Religion", with Lande replacing Vikström.
Michaeli, Levén and Haugland departed Brazen Abbot to rejoin Europe. Temporary replacements filled in during a short tour in Bulgaria, recordings of which were released on the live album "A Decade of Brazen Abbot" (2004).
"My Resurrection" followed in 2005, and featured four singers: Edman, Turner and new members Tony Harnell (TNT) and Erik Mårtensson and a new backing band consisting of bassist Wayne Banks (ex-Sabbat, Blaze), organist Nelko Kolarov and drummer Mattias Knutas. 
In addition to being a recording artist, Kotzev has also produced and mixed albums by other bands, such as Saxon, Molly Hatchet, Rose Tattoo and Messiah's Kiss.
In 2011 Kotzev started a band in Sofia, Bulgaria, named Kikimora (), which plays hard rock with Bulgarian lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="2883545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883545" title="Hans Hoogervorst">
Hans Hoogervorst

Hans Hoogervorst (born 19 April 1956 in Haarlem) is a Dutch political and business figure. He is chairman of the International Accounting Standards Board.
Career.
Hoogervorst was the Minister of Health, Welfare and Sport of the Netherlands between May 2003 and February 2007. His previous positions in the Dutch government include Minister of Finance (2002–2003) and State Secretary (Deputy Minister) of Social Affairs and Employment (1998–2002).
After completing his secondary education, he studied history at the University of Amsterdam, graduating in 1981. He then went on to obtain a Master of Arts degree in international relations from Johns Hopkins University SAIS in Washington, D.C. in 1983.
From 1983 to 1986 Hoogervorst worked as an international banking officer with the National Bank of Washington (Washington, D.C.) and from 1986 to 1987 as a policy officer for international monetary affairs at the Dutch Ministry of Finance. From 1988 to 1994 he was a policy assistant on finance to the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) parliamentary party in the House of Representatives and from 1994 to 1998 a Member of Parliament.
From 3 August 1998 Hoogervorst was State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment in the second Kok government. On 22 July 2002 he was appointed Minister of Finance in the first Balkenende government. From 16 October 2002 he was also responsible for the Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs. On 27 May 2003 he was appointed Minister of Health, Welfare and Sports in the second Balkenende government. In this position, Hoogervorst introduced a basic health insurance policy, mandatory for all registered inhabitants, but executed by private insurers.
In 2007 Hoogervorst succeeded Arthur Docters van Leeuwen as director of AFM, the Dutch financial market supervisory organization.
On 1 July 2011 he became chairman of the IASB upon the retirement of Sir David Tweedie.
Hoogervorst is faced with many challenges as the new IASB chairman. For instance, countries such as the U.S. and Japan have not yet adopted IFRS.

</doc>
<doc id="2883557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883557" title="Werner Schwab">
Werner Schwab

Werner Schwab (4 February 1958 - 1 January 1994) was an Austrian playwright and visual artist.
Biography.
From 1978 to 1982 he studied sculpture at the Akademie der bildenden Künste in Vienna. During the 1980s he worked as a sculptor and woodcutter. 
Schwab was a heavy drinker who was said to have written his plays late at night while listening to loud music (particularly the band Einstürzende Neubauten, whom he was friends with). His body was found on New Year's Day 1994.
Work.
Schwab's first play "Die Präsidentinnen" (sometimes translates as "First Ladies" or "Holy mothers"), was produced at the Theater im Künstlerhaus in Vienna in 1990. Between then and his death four years later he wrote sixteen plays, eight of which were produced during his lifetime, making his career one of the briefest, most spectacular and most controversial in contemporary German-language theatre. 
Schwab's work is close to the grotesque genre. It extensively employed scatology and sex, with the peculiarity of exhibiting pulsions and taboos in a poetic framework. He renewed the tradition of German Expressionism. His plays are full of images of surreal violence and degradation, and are firmly grounded within a native Austrian tradition of Black comedy. Schwab conceived theater as anti-bourgeois.
He made use of textual collages and intertextuality. His 1995 play "Troilluswahn und Cressidatheater" is a rewriting of Shakespeare's "Troilus and Cressida" into the grotesque genre.
Another characteristic of his texts is to exploit the German language's capacity for neologism to a remarkable degree. He is very difficult to translate, but amongst English-language dramatists, certain stylistic parallels might be drawn between his work and that of Steven Berkoff and Enda Walsh.

</doc>
<doc id="2883562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883562" title="Canada's Worst Driver (season 1)">
Canada's Worst Driver (season 1)

"Canada's Worst Driver (CWD"), is a reality television series first aired on "Discovery Channel Canada", based on the UK Channel 4 Television Corporation's "Britain's Worst Driver". "Canada's Worst Driver" is produced by Proper Television, and is hosted by Andrew Younghusband.
Participants.
Experts.
It was the job of the experts to evaluate the drivers, help give instruction and counseling, and ultimately judge how well the drivers did or did not improve. The experts consisted of the following individuals:
Contestants.
Each of the eight drivers had his or her own reason for being there; not all were generically incompetent drivers. Here are the contestants from the first season:
Summaries.
The result of the first season of "Canada's Worst Driver" is as follows:
Episode 2.
After performing admirably well in a parallel parking challenge, despite doing lousy in the water tank challenge, and in a challenge during night-time, Bob shows that he can be patient, and graduates. He also received the highest score in street sign identification with a perfect 5/5, while Heather scores the worst with only one sign correct.
Episode 3.
Tatiana's confidence from driving at increased speeds in the "Eye of the Needle" challenge makes her the second graduate. All the other contestants, including speed addict Faith-Ann did not do as well in the challenge (Madalena's performance was not shown). Andrew also points out that the passenger side is where the car usually gets hit during the challenge, claiming that the drivers are selfish and only care about their own safety rather than their passengers' safety. 
Episode 4.
Faith Ann's confidence in an uphill driving challenge had convinced the judges that she should be the third graduate.
Episode 5.
In a surprising twist, the judges decide that no one graduates due to overall poor performance by all candidates.
Episode 6.
David's leadership ability in an ice-themed challenge makes him the fourth graduate of the Driver Rehabilitation Centre.
Episode 7.
Aided by a flawless effort in a challenge that was specifically tightened so as to try to make him lose his temper, Manuel becomes the next driver to graduate. The other contestants, though (especially Chris Ferguson) are ticked off that Manuel graduated and not them. They thought that Manuel's driving was not any better than theirs.
Episode 8.
The finale, taking place within Montreal's downtown, first start the final exam. All the three contestants have done nearly equally as bad. In the drive to Montreal, though, it shows that Heather was the one who did the best. Chris and Madalena did worse, though. Chris is named Canada's Worst Driver as Madalena's performance in the final challenge was seen to be due to her partying out on the town the night before. A follow up episode revealed that Madalena's father purchased her a new BMW for not being named Canada's Worst Driver.
Episode 9.
After competition review episode. Taking clips from the other episodes, a series of "lessons" is provided to illustrate the "Don'ts" of driving.
Episode 10.
"Special" – Canada's Worst Drivers vs. The World, compiled clips from the show and clips from other shows of the "Worst Driver" franchise, to show which driver is the worst of the worlds' worst from the competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="2883563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883563" title="Kann">
Kann

Kann is a Jewish and Austrian family name, and may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2883564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883564" title="Frosinone Calcio">
Frosinone Calcio

Frosinone Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Frosinone, Lazio. The club was founded in 1928 and refounded in 1991, following cancellation by the Italian Football Federation.
Currently it plays in Serie B.
History.
Foundation and early years.
The true original football club in the city of Frosinone was "Bellator Frusinate", founded in the thirties by a group of citizens. The colors of the team were originally red and blue which were later changed to the current yellow and blue. It is from these colours, the nickname "gialloblu" is derived.
Bellator Frusinate managed to reach the National First Division in 1934. The figure of president Emilio Frongasse was crucial in this period. In the later half of the thirties, Bellator Frusinate disbanded, and was replaced by FF.GG. Frosinone which played its football in an interprovincial tournament.
All the championships were suspended during the Second World War and the football club Frusinate disappeared.
The rebirth of Frosinone occurred in the 1945–1946 championship, the team competed in the Seconda Categoria championship and rose to Prima Categoria the following year, and later, following an excellent championship season, managed to gain promotion into Serie C-Lego Centro. From 1948–49 to 1951–52, the gialloblu competed in the Promozione-Interregionale della Lega Centro championship, and were included in the new Quarta Serie championship during the summer of 1952.
From 1952 to 1958, for six consecutive years, the canarini competed in the Quarta Serie championship, with their best placing being fourth place, which was achieved in 1953. The most significant match this time was against Cosenza on 24 November 1957. Cosenza were playing for promotion but Frosinone took the lead (and duly won) with three minutes remaining. 
The referee, struck by a Cosenza player, fell to the ground and was booed until the end of the game. Several episodes of violence then took place and the game was transformed into a "western". After leaving the stadium, the referee was chased for a few kilometers by some Frosinone supporters. Cosenza forwarded an appeal and the CAF overturned the result of the match. Frosinone expressed their resentment against the Lega for the injustice suffered and threatened to withdraw from the league. Following this, Frosinone missed the return fixture in Cosenza and other penalties by the Lega were imposed. 
The most important people of this time were the presidents Domenico Ferrante and Angelo Cristofaro (one of the leading figures in the history of the club), a former coach Genta and players Azzoni, Gabriele, Diglio, Dini and Spinato.
1960s–80s.
In 1958, U.S. Frosinone was founded, competing in both the Seconda Categoria and Promozione championships. Football returned to Frosinone in 1963 when president Cristofari together with Dante Spaziani and Augusto Orsini, announced the formation of Sporting Club Frosinone. In Serie D, Frosinone always finished among the top positions, and in 1966 won promotion to Serie C after an encounter with Latina. The following year, the canarini were relegated back to Serie D, where in 1967–68 they came third, then fifth and second. The leading figures at the club during this period were the Stirpe brothers, coaches De Angelis and Rambone and players Benvenuto, Caputi, Da Col, Del Sette, Fumagalli and Trentini.
In 1970–71, Frosinone, under club president Marocco, boasted the national record for the best defence (with goalkeeper Recchia only conceding 8 goals) and again managed promotion to Serie C, where the canarini played out four good seasons (the best finish was seventh in 1972) and their star player Massimo Palanca entered the football firmament, top goalscorer of the central group of Serie C in 1974 and then later was successful representing Catanzaro in Serie A. From 1975 to 1978 the canarini played in Serie D, reaching promotion to Serie C2 in 1976–77. In 1977–78, Frosinone were again relegated back to Serie D and remained there until 1982. The club's key protagonists of the seventies were the presidents Marocco and Battista, coaches Giuseppe Banchetti and Giuseppe Lupi and players Brunello, Colletti, Dal Din, Santarelli, Masiello,Vescovi and,as mentioned earlier, Massimo Palanca.Frosinone started the next decade in the best possible way. 
In 1980–81, the gialloblu were promoted to C2 without losing a game. Among the professionals, Frosinone managed good placements and produced new talent such as Gabbriellini, Perrotti and De Paola.Despite a precarious financial condition, Frosinone led by president Di Vito and coach Alberto Mari were promoted to Serie C1. In 1987–88 the gialloblu played their first season in Serie C1 and finished mid-table. They returned immediately to C2 the next season however despite a good start. Goalkeeper Marco Cari and coach Alberto Mari (later replaced by Robotti) were suspended for a football related betting offence.Among the most important players during the 80s were Davato, Atzori, Di Liso, Cristiano, Bellini, Perrotti and Edoardo Artistico Poli, who then began an enviable football career.
Bankruptcy and return to Serie C.
In the summer of 1990, having missed out on promotion to C1 by just three points, Frosinone was removed from the FIGC because of their financial state. When it seemed they would return to the Promozione division, the club was placed in the Interregionale, where they remained for four years.
In 1993–94, after the championship was almost completed, the gialloblu were overtaken by both Giulianova and Albanova, and relegated, but were reinstated to Serie C after the season ended.
After a mid-table placing in Serie C2 in 1996, Frosinone, the leader of Girone C of C2 on the last day of the championship were defeated by Benevento and passed in the standings by Avezzano. They also lost in the play-offs as they were beaten in the semi final by Albanova. They then played out three consecutive mediocre seasons. Luckily they survived the first two, in play-outs against Casertana and Albanova, while the third attempt saw Frosinone defeated by Tricase and relegated.
In Serie D, Frosinone finished fifth in 2000, while in their second year of D, the team was involved in an exciting head to head battle with A.C. Martina of Puglia. In the end they finished second, but with an impressive 81 points. Under president Navarra and coaches Luca and Stefano Sanderra, the team returned to Serie C2.
In their first two championships back in C2, Frosinone were managed by five different tacticians. After a good start, the team seemed able to reach the play-offs, however finished mid-table. In 2003 the club was taken over by a group of entrepreneurs led by Maurizio Stirpe, son of Benito, a former president of the club back in the sixties. 
Stirpe called Enrico Graziani to Frosinone as a general director. Graziani had already worked at Teramo, gaining the Abruzzese club promotion to C1. The managerial position was entrusted to Giorgini, who had spent the previous season with Serie C2 side Brindisi. After an average start to the season, Giorgini was replaced by Daniele Arrigoni, former coach of Messina and Palermo in Serie B. 
With an already strong side, including players such as Arno, Vitali, Dario Rossi, Gianluca and Stefano De Angelis, Manca, Tatomir, Galuppi and the goalkeeper de Juliis, being improved in the transfer market adding quality players such as De Cesare, Aquino and Buonocorre. Much expectation was placed upon Enrico Buonocorre, but the trequartista live up to them. He did however, score a crucial free kick in the match against Castel Di Sangro.
The team performed well in 2003–04, fighting for supremacy near the top of the table with Brindisi. The two teams will take turns to occupy first place until the very end of the season. On the final day, Frosinone, with a point less than Brindisi, travelled to Melfi, while Brindisi faced a tough trip away to Sicilian club Igea Virtus. Both Melfi and Igea were in the running for a place in the play-offs, leaving it all to play for in these two clashes. Frosinone beat Melfi thanks to a great goal by Ciro De Cesare, while Brindisi failed to beat Igea.
Frosinone were now back in Serie C1 for the first time in sixteen years. The 2003–04 season is remembered not only for the historic promotion back to C1, but also victories in the derby with Latina, with whom there is a heated rivalry. Frosinone won both matches 1–0, with goal from Manca away and Aquino scoring at home.
Upon their return to C1, which saw them travel to such historic cities as Cremona, Mantova and Pisa, Frosinone appointed Dino Pagliari as coach, while the likes of Salvatore Mastronunzio, Di Deo (later sold to Ternana in B), Molinari, Nicola Pagani, Mauro Zaccagnini, goalkeeper Zappino, promoted, Alfredo Cariello, Davide D'Antoni, Francesco Mocarelli, Antonio Di Nardo, Michele Ischia were all signed to bloster the playing squad. Famous people who have played for Frosinone include sport commentator "Sandro Ciotti".
The season saw Frosinone go through highs and lows, in the end finishing fifth and reaching the play-offs, where they were eliminated by Mantova.
Serie B.
In the following season, 2005–06, Frosinone were coached by Ivo Iaconi, who had offers from two Serie B teams, Fermana and Pescara, yet opted to manage the gialloblu.
Several players were signed to help the club in their push for promotion including Ciro Ginestra, Stefano Bellè, Jimmy Fialdini, Paolo Antonioli, Massimo Perra, Marco Martini, Marco Ogliari and Giuseppe Anaclerio.
Despite the presence of fallen giant and former Scudetto winners S.S.C. Napoli in the league, Frosinone emerged as strong challengers. They began the season well, with a 4–1 victory at Perugia.
Frosinone continued their strong form right throughout the championship, finally finishing second behind Napoli and favourites to win the play-offs. Their first opponents were Tuscan side Sangiovannese, who had finished fifth. Both matches ended scoreless and Frosinone progressed to the final by virtue of their higher placed finish in the league.
In the final they met another team from Tuscany, Grosseto, drawing 0–0 at home and winning 1–0 away thanks to a goalkeeping error. For the first time ever, Frosinone were promoted to Serie B.
For their first season at Serie B level, the club made several signings to keep the team competitive. They included Massimo Margiotta, Francesco Lodi, Roberto Lucas Rimoldi and Fabio Di Venanzio. Meanwhile, work began on restructuring the Stadium Matusa, whose capacity was increased from 5,000 to almost 10,000 seats. 
The first game of the season was a 1–0 loss away at the Stadio Nereo Rocco against Triestina. This was followed by draws at home against Spezia and Arezzo and another away defeat at Rimini. Their first victory came away from home at the Stadio Romeo Menti against Vicenza. It finished 2–1 with goals from Margiotta and Di Nardo. 
Among the most important victories of the season were the 2–1 wins against Bolgona and U.S. Lecce and the thrilling 1–0 win against A.S. Bari, where the goalkeeper Zappino saved a penalty. On 28 October 2006, Frosinone met giants Juventus. The goal from Alessandro Del Piero (his 200th for Juve) decided the game, however the Frusinati returned home with their heads held high. 
The season concluded with a draw against Modena, and Frosinone finished 13th, a more than satisfactory position for their debut season.
The canarini improved on this during their second Serie B season, finishing 10th in 2007–08, and for much of the season were in real contention for a play-off place and a highly unlikely promotion to Serie A.
On May 21, 2011 it was relegated from Serie B to Lega Pro Prima Divisione after finishing bottom of the table.
On June 7, 2014 it was promoted from Lega Pro Prima Divisioneto Serie B after winning the playoff 1-1, 3-1 (4-2 aggregate) against U.S. Lecce.
Colors and badge.
Its colours are yellow and light blue.
Records.
"Source: Frosinone Calcio official website"

</doc>
<doc id="2883565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883565" title="Notational analysis">
Notational analysis

In professional sports, notational analysis is the study of movement patterns, strategy and tactics in team sports. Successful patterns of play can be identified and used in subsequent matches. Notational analysis has a history in dance and music notation. Notational analysis is a way that critical events in a performance can be quantified in a consistent and reliable manner.
In notational analysis, no change in performance of any kind will take place without feedback. The role of feedback is central in the performance improvement process, and by inference, so is the need for accuracy and precision of such feedback. The provision of this accurate and precise feedback can only be facilitated if performance and practice is subjected to a vigorous process of analysis.
Augmented feedback has traditionally been provided by subjective observations, made during performance by the coaches, in the belief that they can accurately report on the critical elements of performance without any observation aids. Several studies not only contradict this belief, but also suggest that the recall abilities of experienced coaches are little better than those of novices, and that even with observational training, coaches' recall abilities improved only slightly. Furthermore, research in applied psychology has suggested that these recall abilities are also influenced by factors that include the observer's motives and beliefs. The coach is not a passive perceiver of information, and as such his or her perception of events is selective and constructive, not simply a copying process. This importance of feedback to performance improvement, and the limitations of coaches' recall abilities alluded to above, implies a requirement for objective data upon which to base augmented feedback, and the main methods of "objectifying" this data involve the use of video / notational analysis (Hughes and Franks, 1997 p. 11).
Coaches have been aware, consciously or unconsciously, of these needs for accuracy of feedback and have been using simple data gathering systems for decades. More recently, sports scientists have been using notational analysis systems to answer fundamental questions about game play and performance in sport. An early work, over some decades, on analysis of soccer was picked up by the then Director of Coaching at the Football Association, and this had a profound effect on the patterns of play in British football – the adoption of the 'long ball' game. Generally, the first publications in Britain of the research process by notational analysis of sport were in the mid-1970s, so as a discipline it is one of the more recent to be embraced by sports science. The publication of a number of notation systems in racket sports provided a fund of ideas used by other analysts. Because of the growth and development of sports science as an academic discipline, a number of scientists began using and extending the simple hand notation techniques that had served for decades. This also coincided with the introduction of personal computers, which transformed all aspects of data gathering in sports science. Currently hand and computerised notation systems are both used to equal extents by working analysts, although the use of computer databases to collate hand notated data post-event makes the analyses much more powerful.
The applications of notation have been defined as:-
1. tactical evaluation,
2. technical evaluation,
3. analysis of movement,
4. development of a database and modelling, and
5. for educational use with both coaches and players.
Most pieces of research using notation, or indeed any practical applications working directly with coaches and athletes, will span more than one of these purposes.
The applications of notation.
Tactical evaluation
The definition of tactical patterns of play in sports has been a profitable source of work for a number of researchers. The maturation of tactics can be analysed at different levels of development of a specific sport, usually by means of a cross-sectional design. The different tactics used at each level of development within a sport will inevitably depend upon technical development, physical maturation and other variables. The 'maturation models' have very important implications for coaching methods and directions at the different stages of development in each of the racket sports. These tactical 'norms' or 'models', based both upon technique and tactics, demonstrate how the different applications, defined above, can overlap. 
Technical evaluation
To define quantitatively where technique fails or excels has very practical uses for coaches, in particular, and also for sports scientists aiming to analyse performance at different levels of development of athletes. 
Movement analysis.
Reilly and Thomas (1976) recorded and analysed the intensity and extent of discrete activities during match play in field soccer. With a combination of hand notation and the use of an audio tape recorder, they analysed in detail the movements of English first division soccer players. They were able to specify work-rates of the different positions, distances covered in a game and the percentage time of each position in each of the different ambulatory classifications. Reilly has continually added to this base of data enabling him to clearly define the specific physiological demands in not just soccer, but all the football codes. This piece of work by Reilly and Thomas has become a standard against which other similar research projects can compare their results and procedures, and it has been replicated by many other researchers in many different sports. 
Modern tracking systems have taken the chore out of gathering movement data, which was the most time-consuming application of notational analysis, and advanced computer graphics make the data presentation very simple to understand. Modelling movement has created a better understanding of the respective sports and has enabled specific training programmes to be developed to improve the movement patterns, and fitness, of the respective athletes.
Development of a database and modelling.
Teams and performers often demonstrate a stereotypical way of playing and these are idiosyncratic models, which include positive and negative aspects of performance. Patterns of play will begin to establish over a period of time but the greater the database then the more accurate the model. An established model provides for the opportunity to compare single performance against it. The modelling of competitive sport is an informative analytic technique because it directs the attention of the modeller to the critical aspects of data that delineate successful performance. The modeller searches for an underlying signature of sport performance, which is a reliable predictor of future sport behaviour. Stochastic models have not yet, to our knowledge, been used further to investigate sport at the behavioural level of analysis. However, the modelling procedure is readily applicable to other sports and could lead to useful and interesting results.
Once notational analysis systems are used to collect amounts of data that are sufficiently large enough to define 'norms' of behaviour, then all the ensuing outcomes of the work are based upon the principles of modelling. It is an implicit assumption in notational analysis that in presenting a performance profile of a team or an individual that a 'normative profile' has been achieved. Inherently this implies that all the variables that are to be analysed and compared have all stabilised. Most researchers assume that this will have happened if they analyse enough performances. But how many is enough? In the literature there are large differences in sample sizes. 
These problems have very serious direct outcomes for the analyst working with coaches and athletes, both in practical and theoretical applications. It is vital that when analysts are presenting profiles of performance that they are definitely stable otherwise any statement about that performance is spurious. The whole process of analysis and feedback of performance has many practical difficulties. The performance analyst working in this applied environment will experience strict deadlines and acute time pressures defined by the date of the next tournament, the schedule and the draw. The need then is to provide coaches with accurate information on as many of the likely opposition players, or teams, in the amount of time available. This may be achieved by the instigation of a library of team and/or player analysis files, which can be extended over time and receive frequent updating. Player files must be regularly updated by adding analyses from recent matches to the database held on each player. 
Finally, some scientists have considered the use of a number of sophisticated techniques, such as neural networks, chaos theory, fuzzy logic and catastrophe theory, for recognizing structures, or processes, within sports contests. Each of these system descriptions, while incomplete, may assist in our understanding of the behaviours that form sports contests. Furthermore, these descriptions for sports contests need not be exclusive of each other, and a hybrid type of description (or model) may be appropriate in the future, a suggestion that remains only a point of conjecture at this time.
Educational applications.
It is accepted that feedback, if presented at the correct time and in the correct quantity, plays a great part in the learning of new skills and the enhancement of performance. Recent research, however, has shown that the more objective or quantitative the feedback, the greater effect it has on performance. However, in order to gauge the exact effect of feedback alone, complete control conditions would be needed in order to minimise the effect of other external variables, which is by definition impossible in real competitive environments. This experimental design is also made more difficult because working with elite athletes precludes large numbers of subjects.
Hughes and Robertson (1997) were using notation systems as an adjunct to a spectrum of tactical models that they have created for squash. The hand notation systems are used by the Welsh national youth squads, the actual notation being completed by the players, for the players. It is believed that in this way the tactical awareness of the players, doing the notation, are heightened by their administration of these systems. This type of practical educational use of notation systems has been used in a number of teams sports, soccer, rugby union, rugby league, basketball, cricket, and so on, by players in the squads, substitutes, injured players, as a way of enhancing their understanding of their sport, as well as providing statistics on their team.
References.
Carling, C., Williams, A.M. and Reilly, T. (2005). The Handbook of Soccer Match Analysis. London: Routledge.
Croucher, J. S. (1996) The use of notational analysis in determining optimal strategies in sports. In M. Hughes (ed) Notational Analysis of Sport - I & II, Cardiff: UWIC, 3-20.
Hughes, M.D. (1987). A review of patterns of play in squash. In: J. Watkins, T. Reilly and L. Burwitz (Eds.), Sports Science, London: E. & F. Spon. Hughes, M.D. (2008). Basics of Performance Analysis. Szombathely: BDF College.
Hughes, M.D. and Franks, I.M. (1997). Notational Analysis of Sport. London: E. & F.N. Spon. ISBN 1-4191-8010-9 (216 pages).
Hughes, M.D. and Franks, I.M. (2004). Notational Analysis of Sport 2nd Edition – better systems for improving coaching and performance. London: E. & F.N. Spon. ISBN NO: 0-415-29004-x (304 pages)
Hughes, M.D. and Franks, I.M. (2008). Essentials of Performance Analysis. London: E. & F.N. Spon.
Hughes, M. and Robertson, C. (1998). Using computerised notational analysis to create a template for elite squash and its subsequent use in designing hand notation systems for player development. In A. Lees, I. Maynard, M. Hughes and T. Reilly (eds) Science and Racket Sports II. London: E. & F.N. Spon, pp. 227–234.
Reilly, T. & Thomas, V. (1976) A motion analysis of work-rate in different positional roles in professional football match-play. Journal of Human Movement Studies, 2: 87- 97.

</doc>
<doc id="2883567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883567" title="An Sgùrr (Lochcarron)">
An Sgùrr (Lochcarron)

An Sgùrr is a hill in Scotland, occupying the broad peninsula between Loch Carron and Loch Kishorn. It has the appearance of a rough knoll, with small crags ringing the summit, particularly on the western side. 
The hill may be climbed from a number of locations. The A896 road passes some two kilometres to the north, whilst a forestry track from south of Lochcarron allows access to the southeast. The path between Achintraid and Reraig passes to the south west side of An Sgùrr; the summit may be reached from Bealach that separates An Sgùrr from Bad a' Chreamha, which lies a kilometre or so east of this path.

</doc>
<doc id="2883581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883581" title="Liliana Cavani">
Liliana Cavani

Liliana Cavani (born 12 January 1933) is an Italian film director and screenwriter. She belongs to a generation of Italian filmmakers from Emilia-Romagna that came into prominence in the 1970s, including Bernardo Bertolucci, Pier Paolo Pasolini and Marco Bellochio. Cavani became internationally known after the success of her 1974 feature film "Il portiere di notte" ("The Night Porter"). Her films have intellectual ambitions and historical concerns. In addition to feature films and documentaries, she has been an opera director.
Early life.
Cavani was born into a working-class family in Carpi, near Modena in the province of Emilia-Romagna. Cavani's father, an architect from Mantua, belonged to a conservative bourgeois family of landowners. "My father was an architect interested in urban development. He took me to museums. He had worked in urban planning in Baghdad in 1956, when Iraq was still under British control. My mother was very strong, very capable, and very sweet", Cavani explained in an interview. Her mother was passionate about films and took her to the movies every Sunday from an early age. On her mother's side, Cavani came from a working-class family of militant antifascists. Her maternal grandfather, a syndicalist, introduced her to the works of Engels, Marx and Bakunin.
She graduated in literature and philology at Bologna University in 1960, writing a dissertation on the fifteenth-century poet and nobleman Marsilio Pio. Cavani had intended to become an archeologist, a profession she soon abandoned in order to pursue her passion for the moving image. She attended Rome's renowned "Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia", (Experimental Cinematography Center) inaugurated by Benito Mussolini prior to World War II. She studied documentary filmmaking and obtained her diploma with the short films "Incontro notturno" (1961), about the friendship between two men, a white man and a Senegalese, and "L'evento" (1962) about a group of tourists who killed for fun. 
Film career and later life.
Early films (1961–1965).
While attending film school, Cavani won a competition at RAI, Italy's national television network, and took a job there as a director of historical documentaries in 1961. Her professional career thus began making documentaries for RAI between 1961 and 1965, which included "Storia del III Reich", (History of the Third Reich) (1962–1963), which chronicles the rise of the Nazi regime. It was the first historical investigation of German totalitarianism to appear on television. Other documentaries are: "L'età di Stalin" ("The Stalin Years"), an investigation into the Soviet leader's years; "La donna nella Resistenza" (1965); "Philippe Pétain, processo a Vichy", winner of the Golden Lion at Venice film festival in 1965 in the documentary section. In this period she also made "Il giorno della pace", a four-hour documentary on immigration south-to-north within Italy.
"Francesco d'Assisi" (1966).
Cavani made her first full-length feature film in 1966 with "Francis of Assisi" "(Francesco d'Assisi)". Made for television and aired in two parts, it was deeply influenced by the style of Rossellini and the atmosphere typical of the films of Pasolini. Made in a period of political unrest; it was to become a kind of manifesto of dissenting Catholicism. Starring Lou Castel, it portrays Francis of Assisi as a slightly depress protestor and a avid, albeit mad, supporter of armed brother hood. The ideal defender of the 1968 student movement. The film was a great success, but also triggered many negative reactions. It was called " heretical, blasphemous and offensive for the faith of the Italian people". It was the first of many polemical reaction to Cavani's work.
"Galileo" (1968).
Her next film, "Galileo" (1968), focuses on the seventeenth-century conflict between science and religion. Galileo Galilei's belief that the truth should be proved by experimental methods, makes him clash with the dogmas of the church and he falls into the hands of the Inquisition. The film, originally made for television, was banned by the Italian censor, that considered it anticlerical and was never aired, but it found a distributor and was released in theaters.
"The Cannibals" (1969).
"The Cannibals" "(I Cannibali)" (1969), Cavani's first film to rely on an independent production company, uses the myth of Antigone to present the contemporary political state of Italy. Inspired by Sophocles' Antigone, the film, set in the industrial city of Milan, recounts the struggle of a girl against the authorities that prevents burying the bodies of rebels killed by the police, to serve as a warning to its citizens. The brave girl, the only rebel in a city crushed by dictatorship, is aided by a mysterious man who speaks an unknown language. The example of this two youngsters is soon followed by others. This work was not very well received by the public, so Cavani returned to television with the series of documentaries "I bambini e noi" (1970).
"The Guest" (1971).
Cavani's subsequent film "L'Ospite" "(The Guest)"(1971), furthered her interest in social and psychological themes. The plot centers on the relationship between a writer and a woman, a former mental asylum patient struggling to fit back in society. The film, starring Lucia Bosè, was made on a shoestring budget. It was shown at the Venice film festival out of competition.
"Milarepa" (1973).
The director undertook a venture into Oriental mystical experiences with "Milarepa" (1973). A story inspired in a classic text of Tibetan literature, Milarepa moves back and for in time between the story of the title character, a mystic of the eleventh century and a young westerner whose travails are not very different, both are torn between the search for knowledge and a quest for power. The film was praised by Pier Paolo Pasolini who called it a "truly beautiful film".
"The Night Porter" (1974).
Liliana Cavani was not well known beyond Italy until she made the 1974 film "The Night Porter" ("Il portiere di notte"), which remains the film for which she is best-remembered. The plot, set in Vienna in 1957, follows a former concentration camp victim, raped and tortured by an SS camp guard. Fifteen years later, she revives the pattern of abuse after encountering the man by chance in a hotel, where he is working under an assumed name as a night porter. A deeply controversial film, it starred Charlotte Rampling and Dirk Bogarde. American critic Roger Ebert called it "despicable", and both major New York critics, Pauline Kael ("The New Yorker") and Vincent Canby ("The New York Times") dismissed it as "junk". However, in Europe, the film was uniformly hailed as a groundbreaking attempt to probe the unsettling sexual and psychological ambiguities generated by war.
"Beyond Good and Evil" (1977).
In 1977 she made "Beyond Good and Evil" ("Al di là del bene e del male"), which recounts the intense relationship between German philosophizer Friedrich Nietzsche, his friend author Paul Rée and Russian writer and feminist Lou Andreas-Salomé. They meet in Rome in 1882 and move to Germany in a failed ménage à trois while attempting to live their lives and satisfy their intellectual needs rejecting the notions of bourgeois morality. Nietzsche goes mad from a venereal disease and Paul discovers his repressed homosexuality with tragic consequences. Lou, the most liberated of the three, following the banner of feminism, is the only survivor. The film, starring Dominique Sanda, Erland Josephson and Robert Powell, was entangled in controversy.
In 1979 she began directing operas with "Wozzeck" in Florence; since then she has produced and directed several operas for many theaters in Europe. Subsequent operas include "Iphigénie en Tauride" (1984) and "Medea" (1986) at the Opera of Paris; "Cardillac" (1991) in Florence; "La vestale" (1993) at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan; and "La cena delle beffe" (1995) in Zürich.
"The Skin" (1981).
Her 1981 film, "La Pelle" ("The Skin"), was based on the eponymous novel by Curzio Malaparte. Shown in competition for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival, it was aimed at the international market with a star-studded cast, including Marcello Mastroianni, Claudia Cardinale and Burt Lancaster. The film is set during the American occupation of Naples in 1944 during World War II.
"Beyond the Door" (1982).
The plot of 1982's "Beyond the Door" ("Oltre la porta"), set in North Africa, follows a love triangle between Mathew, an American oil ring worker in love with Nina, a young woman entangled in an affair with her stepfather Enrico, an Italian diplomat who is in jail for the death of Nina's mother. The film, starring Marcello Mastroianni, Tom Berenger and Eleonora Giorgi, disappointed audiences and critics.
"The Berlin Affair" (1985).
"The Berlin Affair" ("Interno berlinese"), made in 1985, was loosely based on the novel "Quicksand" by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki. Set in Berlin in 1938, on the verge of war, the film tells the story of a German official working for the foreign office and his wife, both of whom are seduced by the young daughter of the Japanese Ambassador to the Third Reich and are dragged into a perverse love triangle.
The film continued Cavani's interest in transgressive relationships. It was the third part of her trilogy of films with a German setting that began with "The Night Porter" and continued with "Beyond Good and Evil".
"Francesco" (1989).
With "Francesco" (1989) Liliana Cavani returned to the life of St Francis of Assisi in a film starring American actor Mickey Rourke as the title character, and English actress Helena Bonham-Carter as Chiara. The film bore little stylistic resemblance to Cavani's earlier efforts.
In the 1990s Cavani became more interested in staging operas, and devoted less time to filmmaking. She returned to her television roots and directed three TV opera production: Verdi's La Traviata (1992), "Cavalleria rusticana" on Pietro Mascagni (1996) and Puccini's "Manon Lescaut" (1998).
"Where Are You? I'm Here" (1993).
"Where Are You? I'm Here" "(Dove siete? Io sono qui)" (1993), recounts the love story of Fausto and Elena two deaf youngsters from different backgrounds. He belongs to a wealthy family who has raised him as if he were not deaf, while she comes from a more humble working class family and has to struggles to complete her education. Set in contemporary Italy, the film is similar to "The Cannibals" and "The Guest" in its exploration of the themes of silence and isolation. Like many of Cavani's films, it includes the use of dance.
"Ripley's Game" (2002).
In 2002, Cavani made "Ripley's Game" ("Il Gioco di Ripley"), based on the novel of the same name by Patricia Highsmith, a sequel to "The Talented Mr. Ripley", which was made into the 1999 film, "Ripley’s Game", which was presented out of competition at Venice.
Cavani currently lives in Rome. Carpi, her hometown, has established the Associazione Fondo Liliana Cavani, where her films are preserved and made available for consultation.

</doc>
<doc id="2883590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883590" title="Brazen Abbot">
Brazen Abbot

Brazen Abbot is a Finnish rock band. Originally a studio project of Bulgarian guitarist, producer and song writer Nikolo Kotzev, who is a Finnish resident, the band has since made several live performances.
One of the defining aspects of Brazen Abbot is the employment of multiple singers; every album features three or four singers, with Göran Edman and Joe Lynn Turner having appeared on most Brazen Abbot albums. Nikolo Kotzev originally intended to use only one singer; original singer Göran Edman could only commit to recording two songs for the first album due to contractual obligations. Glenn Hughes was then supposed to record the remaining songs; however contractual obligations hindered him from recording more than three songs, at which point Kotzev brought in Thomas Vikström to record the remaining songs. Kotzev was so pleased with the result that he decided to keep using multiple singers for future albums. When performing live, however, Joe Lynn Turner is typically the only singer.
Several of the band members have also appeared on Nikolo Kotzev's ambitious rock opera "Nostradamus" (2001); Brazen Abbot was on hiatus during the time Kotzev was working on the rock opera (1998–2001).
Former members include Mic Michaeli, John Levén and Ian Haugland, all members of the famous rock band Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="2883597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883597" title="Pierre Klossowski">
Pierre Klossowski

Pierre Klossowski (August 9, 1905, Paris – August 12, 2001, Paris) was a French writer, translator and artist. He was the eldest son of the artists Erich Klossowski and Baladine Klossowska, and his younger brother was the painter Balthus. Michel Foucault noted in a letter that Klossowski's book "La Monnaie vivante" is the most sublime book of our era. 
Life.
Born in Paris, Pierre Klossowski was the older brother of the artist Balthazar Klossowski, better known as Balthus. Their parents were the art historian Erich Klossowski and the painter Baladine Klossowska. His German-educated father came from a family supposedly belonging to the former Polish petty nobility (drobna szlachta) and bearing the Rola coat of arms. His mother, Baladine Klossowska, was born as Elisabeth Dorothea Spiro in Breslau, Prussia (now Wrocław, Poland).
He was responsible for a new publication of "The 120 Days of Sodom & Other Writings" by Marquis de Sade in 1964.
When he was 18, Pierre was André Gide's secretary and worked on the drafts of "Les faux-monnayeurs" for him.
Writing.
Pierre Klossowski wrote full length volumes on the Marquis de Sade and Friedrich Nietzsche, a number of essays on literary and philosophical figures, and five novels. "Roberte Ce Soir"
("Roberte in the Evening") provoked controversy due to its graphic 
depiction of sexuality. He translated several important texts (by Virgil, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Martin Heidegger, Friedrich Hölderlin, Franz Kafka, Nietzsche, and Walter Benjamin) into French, worked on films and was also an artist, illustrating many of the scenes from his novels. Klossowski participated in most issues of George Bataille's review, "Acéphale", in the late 1930s.
His 1969 book, "Nietzsche and the Vicious Circle", greatly influenced French philosophers such as Michel Foucault, Gilles Deleuze, and Jean-François Lyotard. 
Film.
Klossowski also appeared in Robert Bresson's "Au hasard Balthazar" as the avaricious miller who desires Marie, a character played by Anne Wiazemsky.
He was involved in:
His text on de Sade is mentioned in the bibliography at the beginning of Pier Paolo Pasolini's Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom, and quoted several times through the film.
Drawing.
From 20 September to 19 October 2006 there was a display of Klossowski's drawings and life size sculptures made after them with sculptor Jean-Paul Réti along with the art of Hans Bellmer at the Whitechapel Art Gallery also presented at the Ludwig Museum in Cologne and the Musée National d'Art Moderne in Paris with a film retrospective.

</doc>
<doc id="2883598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883598" title="Fernet">
Fernet

Fernet () is a type of amaro, a bitter, aromatic spirit. Fernet is made from a number of herbs and spices which vary according to the brand, but usually include myrrh, rhubarb, chamomile, cardamom, aloe, and especially saffron, with a base of grape distilled spirits, and colored with caramel coloring.
Fernet is usually served as a digestif after a meal but may also be served with coffee and espresso or mixed into coffee and espresso drinks. It typically contains 45% alcohol by volume. It may be served at room temperature or on the rocks (with ice). A mint-flavored version of fernet is also available.
Fernet's smell has been described as "like black licorice-flavored Listerine."
Popularity.
Fernet is very popular in Argentina, where the production is around 25 million liters, 35% sold in Buenos Aires province and Federal District and 30% in Córdoba province (with a population of 3 million people). It is commonly mixed with cola, but it is also drunk with soda water (in an "old fashioned way"), or even pure.
The drink has been popular in the San Francisco Bay Area since before Prohibition. In 2008, San Francisco accounted for 25% of US consumption. San Francisco bars usually serve fernet as a shot followed by a ginger ale chaser.
Fernet gained additional visibility when it was reported to be the favorite drink of 2007 U.S. Open (golf) winner Ángel Cabrera. 
As one bartender-columnist described the experience of drinking fernet:
Cocktails.
Fernet can be mixed into cocktails, though the strong taste can overwhelm other ingredients. It can replace bitters in recipes; for instance, the Fanciulli cocktail is a Manhattan with fernet instead of Angostura bitters.
The chef Fergus Henderson offers a recipe, entitled both "A Miracle" and "Dr. Henderson" that approximates Brancamenta by combining two parts fernet with one part crème de menthe over ice. The recipe describes this cocktail as a cure for overindulgence.
In popular culture.
Fernet Branca receives a mention in the novel "Tender is the Night" by F. Scott Fitzgerald. In the 2012 film "The Dark Knight Rises", Bruce Wayne's butler Alfred Pennyworth remembers himself sitting in Florence, Italy drinking a Fernet Branca.Fernet Branca (as Fernet-Branca) is mentioned in Donna Tartt's novel, "The Goldfinch": "Hobie had an iron constitution; whenever he came down with anything himself, he drank a Fernet-Branca and kept going."

</doc>
<doc id="2883603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883603" title="Gela Calcio">
Gela Calcio

Gela Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Gela, Sicily.
History.
The club was founded in 1975 and refounded in 2006 and 2011. Gela played 2005–2006 in Serie C1/B, but, following the bankruptcy of the club, a new society, with the current denomination, was admitted to Serie C2.
Following financial troubles it was refounded as Gela Juve-Terranova in 1995, after the merger between the old "Juventina Gela" and "Terranova Gela", a minor team from the city and with the current name in 2006.
Gela has gained some popularity in 2005 because of its commitment against the racket, in one of the cities of Sicily where the mafia is strongest.
In summer 2010, Gela Calcio had not won the Lega Pro Prima Divisione, however: the failure of many teams has led the repechage in this league.
In summer 2011, it does not appeal against the exclusion of Covisoc and excluded from all football.However, the club reformed in the same year and joined Terza Categoria Ragusa for 2011-12, finishing at fifth in the Group A of Ragusa division and on September 27, 2012 Gela's application for inclusion by repechage in Group I of Sicilian Seconda Categoria was accepted. The club was admitted to Prima Categoria Sicily before the 2013-14 season.
On February 23, 2014, 4 days before the season ended Gela won the championship of Prima Categoria Sicily Group H and was promoted to Promozione Sicily. 

</doc>
<doc id="2883615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883615" title="Tales from the Hood">
Tales from the Hood

Tales From the Hood is a 1995 horror anthology film directed by Rusty Cundieff, and executive produced by Spike Lee. The film presents four short African American-themed horror stories, presented within a frame story of three drug dealers buying some "found" drugs from an eccentric and story-prone funeral director.
Frame and plots.
Welcome to My Mortuary (beginning).
In South Central, Los Angeles, a trio gang of drug dealers, Stack (Joe Torry), Ball (De'aundre Bonds) and Bulldog (Samuel Monroe Jr.), arrive at Simms' Funeral Home to purchase some drugs from Mr. Simms (Clarence Williams III), the mortuary's eccentric owner. Mr. Simms claims that he found the drugs in an alley and has them safely stored in the mortuary. He asks the dealers to help him get the drugs and, as the four make their way through the building, relates stories about some of his recent "customers". The first casket contains the body of a man named Clarence.
Rogue Cop Revelation.
During his first night on the job, young black police officer Clarence Smith (Anthony Griffith) is taken by his new partner, Newton (Michael Massee), to the scene of what initially appears to be a routine traffic stop of a well-dressed black man. When Clarence runs the car's license plates, he learns that the man is in fact Martin Moorehouse (Tom Wright), a city councilman and black rights activist who has recently been on a crusade against police corruption. Clarence watches in horror as Newton, along with fellow officers Billy (Duane Whitaker) and Strom (Wings Hauser), brutally beat Moorehouse with their nightsticks and vandalize his car. When Clarence insists that Moorehouse should be taken to a hospital, two of the officers appear to agree.
Clarence tells Newton that Billy and Strom should be reported for what they did, but Newton tells Clarence that officers are not to break "the code". Strom and Billy drive Moorehouse' car to the docks. Strom shoots the battered Moorehouse up with heroin, plants some in his car, then pushes it into the water with Moorehouse still inside. Moorehouse is posthumously labeled a hypocrite.
One year later, Clarence has left the police force and is now a guilt-consumed drunk. On a walk in his neighborhood, he sees a mural of Moorehouse. Clarence then has a vision of a crucified Moorehouse haunting him with the words "Bring them to me!" In response, Clarence convinces the three police officers involved in the death to meet him at Moorehouse's grave.
Once there, the officers begin to insult Moorehouse, with Strom urinating on Moorehouse's grave and then ordering Billy to do the same thing. As Newton and Strom prepare to kill Clarence, a zombie-like Moorehouse bursts from the grave to drag Billy beneath the ground by his genitals. Moorehouse's coffin bursts from the ground, opening to reveal Billy's mutilated corpse with Moorehouse clutching Billy's still-beating heart.
Strom and Newton flee in horror. A lengthy chase ensues, with the two cops fleeing by patrol car. As Newton is driving the vehicle, Moorehouse jumps on top of the vehicle and decapitates Strom. Terrified, Newton exits his vehicle. With Moorehouse still on top of the patrol car and carrying Strom's head, Newton shoots the gas tank, causing the patrol car to explode. Moorehouse then chases Newton into an alley, where he telekinetically throws used hypodermic needles into the cop's body, pinning him to a wall mural. After Newton is killed, his body melts into the mural, becoming a painting of himself crucified.
His vengeance nearly complete, Moorehouse accosts Clarence, asking him why he did not help him when he was being beaten. The story ends with Clarence in a mental hospital. Two orderlies outside his cell mention that he killed the officers and that he used to be an officer himself. Moorehouse is never mentioned.
Stack, Ball, and Bulldog think Mr. Simms is crazy after hearing the story. After they look at the second casket, Mr. Simms tells them about a boy named Walter.
Boys Do Get Bruised.
Walter Johnson (Brandon Hammond) is a quiet and sensitive boy who shows up to school one day with bruises around his cheek and eye. Walter's caring teacher, Richard Garvy (Rusty Cundieff), notices the bruises and asks what happened; Walter claims that he was attacked by a monster. A few days later he again shows up with a bruised arm. While the other children play, Walter sits inside and draws a boy named Tyrone, one of the school bullies. Walter crumples the drawing up causing Tyrone to suffer spontaneous injuries.
Later that night Mr. Garvy visits Walter's home and asks Walter's mother, Sissy (Paula Jai Parker), about the monster. Sissy claims that Walter's injuries are the result of his own clumsiness; she then tells Walter not to reveal anything about the monster to anyone else.
As Mr. Garvy is leaving, Sissy's boyfriend, Carl (David Alan Grier) comes home: seen through Walter's imagination, the audience learns that Carl in fact is the “monster”. Thinking that Walter has told his teacher about him and called him a monster (a tattoo of the word "Monster" can be seen on Carl's arm), Carl terrorizes Walter and then whips Sissy with a belt when she intervenes.
Mr. Garvy turns around to check on Walter and sees Carl abusing Walter and Sissy: Mr. Garvy bursts into the house and begins to fight Carl. With Carl's attention elsewhere, Walter grabs a drawing he made of the monster and begins to fold and crumple it. Carl becomes mangled, helpless and unable to accept defeat. Sissy stomps on the wadded-up paper to end the threat. Finally Mr. Garvy gives the paper to Walter, who burns it, completely immolating Carl. Sissy and Walter look on as Carl burns alive and appear to be relieved to be free from his brutal abuse.
Later, Carl's burnt and twisted corpse is in the coffin in Simms' Funeral Home. Mr. Simms shows a doll, instead of a corpse, to Ball, Stack, and Bulldog, explaining that it isn't any ordinary doll.
KKK Comeuppance.
Duke Metger (Corbin Bernsen) is an obnoxious and racist Southern senator, and a former member of the Ku Klux Klan. The senator is in his office filming a campaign commercial when he sees protesters outside the office: Jewish and African-American groups have teamed up to protest against Duke for being a racist, a former Klansman, and for setting up his office at an old slave plantation. One individual, Eli (Art Evans), tells the reporter that the plantation is haunted by dolls animated by the souls of previously tortured slaves. He warns everyone that it is not a myth.
Meanwhile, Duke and his African-American "image-maker" assistant Rhodie (Roger Guenveur Smith) notice a large painting of Miss Cobbs, a hoodoo witch, and her dolls. Duke says racial slurs to Rhodie, who attempts to ignore his rantings. Duke also refers to the dolls as "Negro dolls." One of the dolls is seen under the floorboard as Rhodie leaves.
While Duke and Rhodie are working on Duke's media skills, Rhodie falls down the stairs to his death (it is later learned that the doll seen under the floorboard earlier was the cause). At the funeral, Eli warns Duke to leave the house before he ends up like his deceased assistant or worse. In the limo after Rhodie's funeral, Duke notices the doll and orders his African-American driver to pull over so he can throw the doll out the window into the street.
Later, after noticing a blank spot on the painting, Duke comes in contact with the doll he threw out on the street and has a fight with it. When Duke throws a vase at the doll, it disappears and attacks Duke out of nowhere, trying to eat him. Duke is injured, but he manages to stop the doll by beating it with an American Flag. He also damages the painting, from which blood pours.
Duke takes the doll outside to his porch and ties it to a dart board. He then blasts the doll with his shotgun and goes back inside to rant at the painting. But in the midst of his rant, Duke realizes more doll images in the painting have faded to white. After Duke begins chasing several small footsteps throughout the house, he finds the previously blasted doll in the hallway, reattaching its head. The doll attacks again and chases Duke into his office. Duke manages to lock the doll outside and tries to figure out a way to help himself. He sees that the painting has all the doll images faded to white. Terrified, Duke turns around to see an army of dolls. He covers himself in the American flag as the dolls converge and devour him. Miss Cobbs then disappears from the painting and manifests herself in the room, holding the first doll in her arms. Satisfied, they both smile as they witness the carnage taking place before them.
By now, the dealers are getting impatient and want the drugs they came for, not wanting to listen to any more of Mr. Simms' strange stories. Ball notices a corpse in another room alerts the others to come and see it. When Simms asks them if they knew the man, Bulldog says it was just someone they had seen around their neighborhood. Mr. Simms explains the final moments of the man known as Crazy K.
Hard-Core Convert.
Jerome "Crazy K" Johns (Lamont Bentley) is a violent gang member and homicidal psychopath who has killed many people mercilessly. He is driving down the streets of Los Angeles in his Mustang. Coming to a stoplight, he notices the car of an enemy he's been trying to kill for a long time and follows him. Crazy K parks in a neighborhood and has a brief argument with the enemy, then shoots him. In retaliation, three other men attack from a house nearby. The men shoot Crazy K, and just as they are about to kill him, the police arrive at the scene. Due to one of the shooters firing at the police officers, all three gunmen are shot and killed by the officers. Crazy K is badly injured but survives, only to get arrested and sent to prison.
As described by a prison guard Crazy K has received a life sentence for suspicion of murder three times along with other charges. Dr. Cushing (Rosalind Cash in her final film role before her death) arrives at the prison and transfers Crazy K to another facility, hidden deep underground. Crazy K meets an inmate (Rick Dean) who is a homicidal white supremacist and raves about killing black people and the end of days for blacks, which upsets Crazy K and causes him to punch him in the face. Then the man asks Crazy K the races of the victims he killed, silencing Crazy K because he, in fact, is guilty of killing African-Americans. The man grows fond of Crazy K and he tells him that there will be a few black people who will be spared as long as they think like him. After speaking to the man, Dr. Cushing reveals that she put him there to meet someone who is just like him.
Crazy K is put through a process of torture to have him learn the consequences of his actions. Dr. Cushing tries to make him a new man and help change his violent life of murder. His head (with K printed on the front) is shaved off and he is "clean" if he regrets all his violent actions on other people. Crazy K is put through a slideshow of images involving the KKK and victims of lynching along with gory footage of gang violence and warfare along with a montage showing all those he has killed. Dr. Cushing goes into fact that Crazy K killed many innocent African Americans without remorse or second thought.
Crazy K is put through the next stage, in which he is put in a sensory deprivation chamber. He is confronted by all the souls of his victims and must explain why he killed them. He keeps giving true or false answers until it eventually leads to a young and innocent little girl who had nothing to do with Crazy K; she was killed when a bullet from Crazy K's gun came through her wall and hit her in the chest. Crazy K doesn't accept responsibility. Dr. Cushing warns him that he won't get another chance for forgiveness. The souls haunt him more and more, but Crazy K grows increasingly uncaring of his actions. Having refused a chance for redemption for his sins, he is transported back to the moment when he was shot. Crazy K is brutally shot dead by the three gunmen, and the story ends with his corpse lying abandoned on the street.
Welcome to My Mortuary (ending).
When the last story ends, the three drug dealers are revealed to be Crazy K's killers. They become angry and demand to know how Simms knows of their murder as they threaten to kill him and demand their drugs. Simms leads them deep into the funeral home and tells them their "reward" is in three closed caskets. The dealers open them and each coffin has their corpses inside. The dealers are terrified to learn that they are dead; at the whim of Simms their guns burn red hot, forcing the dealers to drop them.
Simms explains that after killing Crazy K, some of Crazy K's "boys" killed them in retaliation. Bulldog then asks Simms why they are still alive if they are dead. Simms, growing more eccentric by the second, tells them that they are not in a funeral home, but in Hell. He transforms into Satan, and the walls of the funeral home shatter, revealing the fiery reality of where they had been all along. The drug dealers scream in horror at Simms' transformation into the Devil. Their fate is to burn in eternal damnation along with others, as Satan laughs.
Rating.
The movie is rated R for "graphic brutal violence and strong language" by the MPAA.
Release.
The movie was released theatrically on May 24, 1995. Later that year, the movie was released on VHS by HBO. In 1998, HBO released the movie on DVD, but the DVD is now out of print. There are currently no plans for a new release.
The movie is currently available to stream on Netflix Instant.
Reception.
The film received generally negative reviews and currently holds an overall 38% on Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="2883627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883627" title="Datura metel">
Datura metel

Datura metel is a shrub-like perennial herb, commonly known as devil's trumpet and metel. 
"Datura metel" grows in the wild in all the warmer parts of the world, such as India and is cultivated worldwide for its chemical and ornamental properties. It was first described by Linnaeus in 1753, but no botanically correct illustrations or descriptions were made until after the New World was settled. It is not possible to be sure about its original home.
The plant is an annual herb growing up to 3 ft. high. It is slightly furry, with dark violet shoots and oval to broad oval leaves that are often dark violet as well. The pleasantly-scented 6-8 in. flowers are immensely varied, and can be single or double. Colors range from white to cream, yellow, red, and violet. The seed capsule is covered with numerous conical humps and a few spines. It is similar to "D. inoxia", but "D. metel" has almost glabrous leaves and fruits that are knobby, not spiny. "D. inoxia" is pilose all over and has a spiny fruit.
Medicinal use.
"D. metel" is one of the 50 fundamental herbs used in traditional Chinese medicine, where it is called "yáng jīn huā" (洋金花). However, the ingestion of "D. metel" in any form is dangerous and should be treated with extreme caution. 
Toxicity.
All parts of "Datura" plants contain dangerous levels of tropane alkaloids (highly poisonous) and may be fatal if ingested by humans or other animals, including livestock and pets. In some places, it is prohibited to buy, sell or cultivate "Datura" plants.
"Datura metel" may be toxic if ingested in a tiny quantity, symptomatically expressed as flushed skin, headaches, hallucinations, and possibly convulsions or even a coma. The principal toxic elements are tropane alkaloids. Accidentally (or intentionally) ingesting even a single leaf could lead to severe side effects.
Black daturas ("Datura metel" 'Fastuosa').
A cultivar of "D. metel" with a polished-looking ebony-black stem exists as a garden plant. Its flowers normally have a double or triple corolla, each corolla having a deep purple exterior and white or off-white interior. The plant is already reported to have become naturalised in Israel (see illustration). The black cultivar might become a common roadside dweller, like its white-flowered ancestor.
It is known under several cultivar names such as 'Black', 'Blackcurrant Swirl', 'Cornucopaea', 'Double Blackcurrant Swirl', 'Double Purple', and 'Purple Hindu'. It has also received many scientific names which should not be used for a cultivar:

</doc>
<doc id="2883629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883629" title="The Runners Four">
The Runners Four

The Runners Four is the seventh album by the band Deerhoof, released on October 11, 2005 by Kill Rock Stars, ATP Recordings and 5 Rue Christine.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="2883634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883634" title="Bear Island (Lake Temagami)">
Bear Island (Lake Temagami)

Bear Island is an island in Lake Temagami of Northeastern Ontario, Canada. With an area of , it is the second largest island in Lake Temagami after Temagami Island. Much of Bear Island is in Joan Township, a geographic township that also includes the Joan Peninsula to the northwest.
Bear Island is home to the Temagami First Nation and is a portion of the Aboriginal community, the Teme-Augama Anishnabai (the deep water people). It is only a small portion of the Anishnabe's n'Daki Menan (homeland) which includes of land in the area. Bear Island has had human habitation as early as 1000 BC.
Geology.
Bear Island lies at the eastern end of the Temagami Magnetic Anomaly, a buried geological structure that is egg shaped.

</doc>
<doc id="2883637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883637" title="Order of Ushakov">
Order of Ushakov

The Order of Ushakov () is a military decoration of the Russian Federation named in honour of admiral Fyodor Ushakov (1744 - 1817) who never lost a battle and was proclaimed patron saint of the Russian Navy. It is bestowed to commend grade naval officers for outstanding leadership. The order was established in two classes during World War II by decision of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR of March 3, 1944. The idea was given to Joseph Stalin by admiral Nikolai Gerasimovich Kuznetsov in the summer of 1943. Following the 1991 dissolution of the USSR, the Order of Ushakov was retained unchanged by Decision of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian Federation 2557-I of March 20, 1992 but it was not awarded in this form. The all encompassing Presidential Decree 1099 of September 7, 2010 that modernised and reorganised the entire Russian awards system away from its Soviet past amended the Order to its present form, a ribbon mounted single class Order.
Soviet statute.
From its establishment in 1944 until September 2010, the Order of Ushakov was awarded to officers of the Navy for outstanding achievements in the development, implementation and prosecution of naval operations resulting in victory over a numerically superior enemy.
The Order of Ushakov 1st class was awarded to naval officers for:
The Order of Ushakov 2nd class was awarded to naval officers for:
The Order of Ushakov 1st class was worn on the right side of the chest and when in the presence of other Orders of the USSR, located immediately after the Order of Suvorov 1st class. The Order 2nd class was also worn on the right side and located immediately after the Order of Suvorov 2nd class.
Soviet and pre September 2010 award description.
The Order of Ushakov 1st class was of multi part construction consisting of a five pointed star struck from platinum, an oxidised silver anchor and chain secured to the platinum star with four rivets, and a circular central medallion struck from gold superimposed on the anchor and bearing the relief image of admiral Ushakov, the background being covered in dark blue enamel, around the admiral's head, the inscription in gilt letters "ADMIRAL USHAKOV" (), below the admiral, laurel and oak branches bisected by the hammer and sickle. The central medallion was secured to the platinum star by two rivets and surrounded by a gilt rope. On the reverse, a threaded screw and a 33 mm in diameter nut arrangement for attachment to clothing. The award serial number was hand etched in the lower part. The Order 2nd class differed from the 1st class in the materials used in its construction, its five pointed star was made of gold while the anchor and central medallion were of silver and the oak and laurel branches were omitted.
The only noticeable difference between the Soviet and early Russian Federation variants was the abrogation of the hammer and sickle from the latter.
Recipients of the Soviet award (partial list).
The Soviet Union's Order of Ushakov first class was awarded a total of 47 times, the second class 194 times.
The individuals listed below were awarded the Order of Ushakov 1st class:
The individuals listed below were awarded the Order of Ushakov 2nd class:
The Order of Ushakov was also bestowed to the following units and institutions:
Statute of the modern award.
The Order of Ushakov is awarded to command grade officers of formations and divisions of the Navy for:
The Order of Ushakov may also be awarded to military units and formations of the Navy for participation in successful naval operations. It may also be awarded to foreign citizens - soldiers of allied forces from among its senior officers involved alongside troops of the Russian Federation. for organizing and conducting successful joint operations of allied troops (forces).
The Russian Federation order of precedence dictates that the Order of Ushakov is to be worn on the left side of the chest, and in the presence of other orders of the Russian Federation, is to be located immediately after the Order of Suvorov.
Description of the modern award.
The Order of Ushakov is a 40 mm wide blue enamelled silver cross pattée, seven silver rays of increasing size protrude from the center between each cross arm. On the obverse, a convex central blue enamelled medallion superimposed over a ship's anchor, the arms and flukes, stock and shackle visible. On the medallion, the gilded bust of Admiral Fyodor Ushakov half turned to the left. Below the medallion, on the crown and arms of the anchor, crossed gilded branches of oak and laurel. On either side of the bust, following the medallion's circumference, the gilded relief inscription "ADMIRAL USHAKOV" (). The maximum distance between the tips of opposing silver rays is 45 mm. The plain reverse bears only a relief "N" and a line for the award serial number.
The badge of the Order is suspended by a ring through the award's suspension loop to a standard Russian pentagonal mount covered by an overlapping 24 mm wide white silk moiré ribbon with a 4 mm wide blue central stripe and two 2 mm blue edge stripes.

</doc>
<doc id="2883638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883638" title="Christian Friedrich">
Christian Friedrich

Christian Friedrich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2883640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883640" title="Johan Van Barel">
Johan Van Barel

Johan Van Barel (Bornem, 3 October 1964) is a Belgian composer and multimedia engineer.
Johan Van Barel writes music for film, television and game projects. His scores breath the grandeur of the romantic and often bombastic Dimitri Tiomkin themes blended together with the bold and dark atmospheric music of Bernard Herrmann.
Johan Van Barel was born in 1964. From his childhood on he was fascinated by everything related to images and sound. He becomes passionately interested in both the artistic and technical aspects of music and multimedia in general. 
During his engineering education, he studies Applied Arts and Photography at the art-schools of Temse and Sint-Niklaas. 
His multidisciplinary approach feeds his interest in both the compositional and audio-technical aspects of music creation and production. In his works, he combines contemporary elements, like loops and samples, together with classical note for note musical composition.
Just being busy with images and sound is his driving force as multimedia artist.

</doc>
<doc id="2883641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883641" title="Some Thoughts Concerning Education">
Some Thoughts Concerning Education

Some Thoughts Concerning Education is a 1693 treatise on the education of gentlemen written by the English philosopher John Locke. For over a century, it was the most important philosophical work on education in England. It was translated into almost all of the major written European languages during the eighteenth century, and nearly every European writer on education after Locke, including Jean-Jacques Rousseau, acknowledged its influence.
In his "Essay Concerning Human Understanding" (1690), Locke outlined a new theory of mind, contending that the gentleman's mind was a "tabula rasa" or "blank slate"; that is, it did not contain any innate ideas. "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" explains how to educate that mind using three distinct methods: the development of a healthy body; the formation of a virtuous character; and the choice of an appropriate academic curriculum.
Locke wrote the letters that would eventually become "Some Thoughts" for an aristocratic friend, but his advice had a broader appeal since his educational principles allowed commoners to think they could acquire the same kind of character as the aristocrats for whom Locke originally intended the work.
Historical context.
Rather than writing a wholly original philosophy of education, Locke, it seems, deliberately attempted to popularise several strands of seventeenth-century educational reform at the same time as introducing his own ideas. English writers such as John Evelyn, John Aubrey, John Eachard, and John Milton had previously advocated "similar reforms in curriculum and teaching methods," but they had not succeeded in reaching a wide audience. Curiously, though, Locke proclaims throughout his text that his is a revolutionary work; as Nathan Tarcov, who has written an entire volume on "Some Thoughts", has pointed out, "Locke frequently explicitly opposes his recommendations to the ‘usual,’ ‘common,’ ‘ordinary,’ or ‘general’ education."
As England became increasingly mercantilist and secularist, the humanist educational values of the Renaissance, which had enshrined scholasticism, came to be regarded by many as irrelevant. Following in the intellectual tradition of Francis Bacon, who had challenged the cultural authority of the classics, reformers such as Locke, and later Philip Doddridge, argued against Cambridge and Oxford's decree that "all Bachelaur and Undergraduats in their Disputations should lay aside their various Authors, such that caused many dissensions and strifes in the Schools, and only follow Aristotle and those that defend him, and take their Questions from him, and that they exclude from the Schools all steril and inane Questions, disagreeing from the antient and true Philosophy ." Instead of demanding that their sons spend all of their time studying Greek and Latin texts, an increasing number of families began to demand a practical education for their sons; by exposing them to the emerging sciences, mathematics, and the modern languages, these parents hoped to prepare their sons for the changing economy and, indeed, for the new world they saw forming around them.
Text.
In 1684 Edward Clarke asked his friend, John Locke, for advice on raising his son and heir, Edward, Jr.; Locke responded with a series of letters that eventually served as the basis of "Some Thoughts Concerning Education". But it was not until 1693, encouraged by the Clarkes and another friend, William Molyneux, that Locke actually published the treatise; Locke, "timid" when it came to public exposure, decided to publish the text anonymously.
Although Locke revised and expanded the text five times before he died, he never substantially altered the "familiar and friendly style of the work." The "Preface" alerted the reader to its humble origins as a series of letters and, according to Nathan Tarcov, who has written an entire volume on "Some Thoughts", advice that otherwise might have appeared "meddlesome" became welcome. Tarcov claims Locke treated his readers as his friends and they responded in kind.
Pedagogical theory.
Of Locke's major claims in the "Essay Concerning Human Understanding" and "Some Thoughts Concerning Education", two played a defining role in eighteenth-century educational theory. The first is that education makes the man; as Locke writes at the opening of his treatise, "I think I may say that of all the men we meet with, nine parts of ten are what they are, good or evil, useful or not, by their education." In making this claim, Locke was arguing against both the Augustinian view of man, which grounds its conception of humanity in original sin, and the Cartesian position, which holds that man innately knows basic logical propositions. In his "Essay" Locke posits an "empty" mind—a "tabula rasa"—that is "filled" by experience. In describing the mind in these terms, Locke was drawing on Plato's "Theatetus", which suggests that the mind is like a "wax tablet". Although Locke argued strenuously for the "tabula rasa" theory of mind, he nevertheless did believe in innate talents and interests. For example, he advises parents to watch their children carefully to discover their "aptitudes," and to nurture their children's own interests rather than force them to participate in activities which they dislike—"he, therefore, that is about children should well study their natures and aptitudes and see, by often trials, what turn they easily take and what becomes them, observe what their native stock is, how it may be improved, and what it is fit for."
Locke also discusses a theory of the self. He writes: "the little and almost insensible impressions on our tender infancies have very important and lasting consequences." That is, the "associations of ideas" made when young are more significant than those made when mature because they are the foundation of the self—they mark the "tabula rasa". In the "Essay", in which he first introduces the theory of the association of ideas, Locke warns against letting "a foolish maid" convince a child that "goblins and sprites" are associated with the darkness, for "darkness shall ever afterwards bring with it those frightful ideas, and they shall be so joined, that he can no more bear the one than the other."
Locke's emphasis on the role of experience in the formation of the mind and his concern with false associations of ideas has led many to characterise his theory of mind as passive rather than active, but as Nicholas Jolley, in his introduction to Locke's philosophical theory, points out, this is "one of the most curious misconceptions about Locke." As both he and Tarcov highlight, Locke's writings are full of directives to actively seek out knowledge and reflect on received opinion; in fact, this was the essence of Locke's challenge to innatism.
Body and mind.
Locke advises parents to carefully nurture their children's physical "habits" before pursuing their academic education. As many scholars have remarked, it is unsurprising that a trained physician, as Locke was, would begin "Some Thoughts" with a discussion of children's physical needs, yet this seemingly simple generic innovation has proven to be one of Locke's most enduring legacies—Western child-rearing manuals are still dominated by the topics of food and sleep. To convince parents that they must attend to the health of their children above all, Locke quotes from Juvenal's "Satires"—"a sound mind in a sound body." Locke firmly believed that children should be exposed to harsh conditions while young to inure them to, for example, cold temperatures when they were older: "Children be not too "warmly clad or covered", winter or summer" (Locke's emphasis), he argues, because "bodies will endure anything that from the beginning they are accustomed to." Furthermore, to prevent a child from catching chills and colds, Locke suggests that "his "feet to be washed" every day in cold water, and to have his "shoes" so thin that they might leak and "let in water" whenever he comes near it" (Locke's emphasis). Locke posited that if children were accustomed to having sodden feet, a sudden shower that wet their feet would not cause them to catch a cold. Such advice (whether followed or not) was quite popular; it appears throughout John Newbery's children's books in the middle of the eighteenth century, for example, the first best-selling children's books in England. Locke also offers specific advice on topics ranging from bed linens to diet to sleeping regimens.
Virtue and reason.
Locke dedicates the bulk of "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" to explaining how to instill virtue in children. He defines virtue as a combination of self-denial and rationality: "that a man is able to "deny himself" his own desires, cross his own inclinations, and purely follow what reason directs as best, though the appetite lean the other way" (Locke's emphasis). Future virtuous adults must be able not only to practice self-denial but also to see the rational path. Locke was convinced that children could reason early in life and that parents should address them as reasoning beings. Moreover, he argues that parents should, above all, attempt to create a "habit" of thinking rationally in their children. Locke continually emphasises habit over rule—children should internalise the habit of reasoning rather than memorise a complex set of prohibitions. This focus on rationality and habit corresponds to two of Locke's concerns in the "Essay Concerning Human Understanding". Throughout the "Essay", Locke bemoans the irrationality of the majority and their inability, because of the authority of custom, to change or forfeit long-held beliefs. His attempt to solve this problem is not only to treat children as rational beings but also to create a disciplinary system founded on esteem and disgrace rather than on rewards and punishments. For Locke, rewards such as sweets and punishments such as beatings turn children into sensualists rather than rationalists; such sensations arouse passions rather than reason. He argues that "such a sort of "slavish discipline" makes a "slavish temper"" (Locke's emphasis).
What is important to understand is what exactly Locke means when he advises parents to treat their children as reasoning beings. Locke first highlights that children "love to be treated as Rational Creatures," thus parents should treat them as such. Tarcov argues that this suggests children can be considered rational only in that they respond to the desire to be treated as reasoning creatures and that they are "motivated only rewards and punishments" to achieve that goal.
Ultimately, Locke wants children to become adults as quickly as possible. As he argues in "Some Thoughts," "the only fence against the world is a thorough knowledge of it, into which a young gentleman should be entered by degrees as he can bear it, and the earlier the better." In the "Second Treatise on Government" (1689), he contends that it is the parents' duty to educate their children and to act for them because children, though they have the ability to reason when young, do not do so consistently and are therefore usually irrational; it is the parents' obligation to teach their children to become rational adults so that they will not always be fettered by parental ties.
Academic curriculum.
Locke does not dedicate much space in "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" to outlining a specific curriculum; he is more concerned with convincing his readers that education is about instilling virtue and what Western educators would now call critical-thinking skills. Locke maintains that parents or teachers must first teach children "how" to learn and to enjoy learning. As he writes, the instructor "should remember that his business is not so much to teach child all that is knowable, as to raise in him a love and esteem of knowledge; and to put him in the right way of knowing and improving himself." But Locke does offer a few hints as to what he thinks a valuable curriculum might be. He deplores the long hours wasted on learning Latin and argues that children should first be taught to speak and write well in their native language. Most of Locke's recommendations are based on a similar principle of utility. So, for example, he claims that children should be taught to draw because it would be useful to them on their foreign travels (for recording the sites they visit), but poetry and music, he says, are a waste of time. Locke was also at the forefront of the scientific revolution and advocated the teaching of geography, astronomy, and anatomy. Locke's curricular recommendations reflect the break from scholastic humanism and the emergence of a new kind of education—one emphasising not only science but also practical professional training. Locke also recommended, for example, that every (male) child learn a trade. Locke's pedagogical suggestions marked the beginning of a new bourgeois ethos that would come to define Britain in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
Class.
When Locke began writing the letters that would eventually become "Some Thoughts on Education", he was addressing an aristocrat, but the final text appeals to a much wider audience. For example, Locke writes: "I place "Vertue" as the first and most necessary of those Endowments, that belong to a Man or a Gentleman." James Axtell, who edited the most comprehensive edition of Locke's educational writings, has explained that although "he was writing for this small class, this does not preclude the possibility that many of the things he said about education, especially its main principles, were equally applicable to "all" children" (Axtell's emphasis). This was a contemporary view as well; Pierre Coste, in his introduction in the first French edition in 1695, wrote, "it is certain that this Work was particularly designed for the education of Gentlemen: but this does not prevent its serving also for the education of all sorts of Children, of whatever class they are."
While it is possible to apply Locke's general principles of education to all children, and contemporaries such as Coste certainly did so, Locke himself, despite statements that may imply the contrary, believed that "Some Thoughts" applied only to the wealthy and the middle-class (or as they would have been referred to at the time, the "middling sorts"). One of Locke's conclusions in "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" is that he "thinka Prince, a Nobleman, and an ordinary Gentleman's Son, should have different Ways of Breeding." As Peter Gay writes, "[it never occurred to him that every child should be educated or that all those to be educated should be educated alike. Locke believed that until the school system was reformed, a gentleman ought to have his son trained at home by a tutor. As for the poor, they do not appear in Locke's little book at all."
In his "Essay on the Poor Law," Locke turns to the education of the poor; he laments that "the children of labouring people are an ordinary burden to the parish, and are usually maintained in idleness, so that their labour also is generally lost to the public till they are 12 or 14 years old." He suggests, therefore, that "working schools" be set up in each parish in England for poor children so that they will be "from infancy years old inured to work." He goes on to outline the economics of these schools, arguing not only that they will be profitable for the parish, but also that they will instill a good work ethic in the children.
Gender.
Locke wrote "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" in response to his friend Samuel Clarke's query on how to educate his son, so the text's "principal aim", as Locke states at the beginning, "is how a young gentleman should be brought up from his infancy." This education "will not so perfectly suit the education of "daughters"; though where the difference of sex requires different treatment, it will be no hard matter to distinguish" (Locke's emphasis). This passage suggests that, for Locke, education was fundamentally the same for men and women—there were only small, obvious differences for women. This interpretation is supported by a letter he wrote to Mrs. Clarke in 1685 stating that "since therefore I acknowledge no difference of sex in your mind relating . . . to truth, virtue and obedience, I think well to have no thing altered in it from what is for the son." Martin Simons states that Locke "suggested, both by implication and explicitly, that a boy's education should be along the lines already followed by some girls of the intelligent genteel classes." Rather than sending boys to schools which would ignore their individual needs and teach them little of value, Locke argues that they should be taught at home as girls already were and "should learn useful and necessary crafts of the house and estate." Like his contemporary Mary Astell, Locke believed that women could and should be taught to be rational and virtuous.
But Locke does recommend several minor "restrictions" relating to the treatment of the female body. The most significant is his reining in of female physical activity for the sake of physical appearance: "But since in your girls care is to be taken too of their beauty as much as health will permit, this in them must have some restriction . . . ‘tis fit their tender skins should be fenced against the busy sunbeams, especially when they are very hot and piercing." Although Locke’s statement indicates that he places a greater value on female than male beauty, the fact that these opinions were never published allowed contemporary readers to draw their own conclusions regarding the "different treatments" required for girls and boys, if any. Moreover, compared to other pedagogical theories, such as those in the best-selling conduct book "The Whole Duty of a Woman" (1696), the female companion to "The Whole Duty of Man" (1657), and Rousseau's "" (1762), which both proposed entirely separate educational programs for women, Locke's "Some Thoughts" appears far more egalitarian.
Reception and legacy.
Along with Rousseau's "" (1762), Locke's "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" was one of the foundational eighteenth-century texts on educational theory. In Britain, it was considered the standard treatment of the topic for over a century. For this reason, some critics have maintained that "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" vies with the "Essay Concerning Human Understanding" for the title of Locke's most influential work. Some of Locke's contemporaries, such as seventeenth-century German philosopher and mathematician Gottfried Leibniz, believed this as well; Leibniz argued that "Some Thoughts" superseded even the "Essay" in its impact on European society.
Locke's "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" was a runaway best-seller. During the eighteenth century alone, "Some Thoughts" was published in at least 53 editions: 25 English, 16 French, six Italian, three German, two Dutch, and one Swedish. It was also excerpted in novels such as Samuel Richardson's "Pamela" (1740–1), and it formed the theoretical basis of much children's literature, particularly that of the first successful children's publisher, John Newbery. According to James Secord, an eighteenth-century scholar, Newbery included Locke's educational advice to legitimise the new genre of children's literature. Locke's imprimatur would ensure the genre's success.
By the end of the eighteenth century, Locke's influence on educational thought was widely acknowledged. In 1772 James Whitchurch wrote in his "Essay Upon Education" that Locke was "an Author, to whom the Learned must ever acknowledge themselves highly indebted, and whose Name can never be mentioned without a secret Veneration, and Respect; his Assertions being the result of intense Thought, strict Enquiry, a clear and penetrating Judgment." Writers as politically dissimilar as Sarah Trimmer, in her periodical "The Guardian of Education" (1802–06), and Maria Edgeworth, in the educational treatise she penned with her father, "Practical Education" (1798), invoked Locke's ideas. Even Rousseau, while disputing Locke's central claim that parents should treat their children as rational beings, acknowledged his debt to Locke.
John Cleverley and D. C. Phillips place Locke's "Some Thoughts Concerning Education" at the beginning of a tradition of educational theory which they label "environmentalism". In the years following the publication of Locke's work, Etienne Bonnot de Condillac and Claude Adrien Helvétius eagerly adopted the idea that people's minds were shaped through their experiences and thus through their education. Systems of teaching children through their senses proliferated throughout Europe. In Switzerland, Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi, relying on Locke's theories, developed the concept of the "object lesson." These lessons focused pupils' attention on a particular thing and encouraged them to use all of their senses to explore it and urged them to use precise words to describe it. Used throughout Europe and America during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, these object lessons, according to one of their practitioners "if well-managed, cultivate Sense-Perception, or Observation, accustom children to express their thoughts in words, increase their available stock of words and of ideas, and by thus storing material for thinking, also prepare the way for more difficult and advanced study."
Such techniques were also integral to Maria Montessori's methods in the twentieth century. According to Cleverley and Phillips, the television show Sesame Street is also "based on Lockean assumptions—its aim has been to give underprivileged children, especially in the inner cities, the simple ideas and basic experiences that their environment normally does not provide." In many ways, despite Locke's continuing influence, as these authors point out, the twentieth century has been dominated by the "nature vs. nurture" debate in a way that Locke's century was not. Locke's optimistic "environmentalism," though qualified in his text, is now no longer just a moral issue – it is also a scientific issue.

</doc>
<doc id="2883644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883644" title="Steve Rixon">
Steve Rixon

Stephen John Rixon (born 25 February 1954, Albury, New South Wales) is the current Australian cricket fielding coach.
Rixon first came to public attention as a sixteen year-old during the 1970/71 Marylebone Cricket Club tour of Australia, when England's wicket-keeper Alan Knott applauded Rixon's efforts for a Southern New South Wales team against the MCC. Rixon subsequently moved to Sydney to play initially for Waverley before transferring to Western Suburbs. 
He played in 13 Tests and 6 One Day Internationals between 1977 and 1985. He came into the Australian side as wicket-keeper in 1977–78 after Rodney Marsh joined World Series Cricket, losing his place on Marsh's return. In 1984–85 he came back in when Marsh retired and Wayne Phillips was injured.
In 1985–86 Rixon joined the rebel tour of South Africa, but on his return was unable to rejoin the national team.
Since retiring from playing, he has been the coach of the New Zealand cricket team, New South Wales, Surrey, Hyderabad Heroes of the Indian Cricket League and currently, The Scots College, Sydney. He is currently coaching the Chennai Super Kings, the IPL Champions of 2010 season as a Fielding coach for the team's youngsters for IPL 2011 season .
It was also reported that Rixon was interested in taking over the head coaching job of the Australian cricket team when John Buchanan left at the end of the 2006/07 Ashes series. He was not appointed and instead Tim Nielsen took over. 
On 28 June 2011 he was appointed Fielding Coach of the Australian Cricket Team replacing Mike Young.

</doc>
<doc id="2883664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883664" title="Ulster Independence Movement">
Ulster Independence Movement

The Ulster Independence Movement was an Ulster nationalist political party founded (as the Ulster Independence Committee) on 17 November 1988. The group emerged from the Ulster Clubs, after a series of 15 public meetings across Northern Ireland. Led by Hugh Ross, a Presbyterian minister from Dungannon, County Tyrone, the UIC sought to end what it saw as the tyranny of rule from London and Dublin and instead set up an independent Northern Ireland.
Early development.
The UIC initially had a network of 11 branches and first entered the political arena in 1990 when Ross stood in a by-election for the Upper Bann constituency following the death of sitting MP Harold McCusker. Finishing as fourth out of eleven candidates with 1534 votes (4.3%) (and ahead of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland candidate amongst others), the result indicated to the UIC that the potential for an Ulster nationalist party to gain some success was present.
The Committee reconstituted itself in 1994 as a full political party (largely as a reaction to the Downing Street Declaration), changing its name to the UIM and putting forward Rev. Ross as a candidate in the 1994 elections to the European Parliament (one of three pro-independence candidates to stand). Ross proved the most successful of the three, gaining 7,858 first preference votes (a 1.4% share) and retained his deposit. In the aftermath of this election a general meeting of pro-independence groups and individuals was organised by Rev Ross after overtures were sent out to David Kerr, Robert Mooney (the other two Ulster nationalist candidates in the European election) and the Ballymena-based Ulster Party. Mooney did not turn up but Kerr and Agnes McLeister of the Ulster Party agreed to pool resources and join forces with Ross's movement.
1996 Forum election.
Buoyed by the relative success of the previous election and the influx of new affiliates the UIM put up 40 candidates in 18 seats in the Northern Ireland Forum elections of 1996, representing its most high profile election campaign. With every seat contested as well as the regional list (which was headed by Ross) Kerr was placed as a candidate in North Belfast with McLeister in North Antrim, whilst other candidates who had or would go on to have a higher profile included Willie Frazer in Newry and Armagh (who subsequently organized Families Acting for Innocent Relatives and Love Ulster) and Kenny McClinton and Clifford Peeples in West Belfast (a pastor who was later jailed for terrorist related offences).
Despite this higher profile campaign the UIM's vote dropped as loyalist communities were now represented by the Ulster Democratic Party and Progressive Unionist Party. Alongside this the party was still not the only Ulster nationalist option, however, as they finished behind Ulster's Independent Voice in North Belfast and Strangford, whilst beating them in West Belfast and tying exactly with them in North Down. The UIM polled 2125 votes (0.3%) across Northern Ireland and no representation was secured.
Subsequent activity.
Party activity continued after the signing of the Belfast Agreement, with the UIM playing a role in the unsuccessful 'No' campaign against it. The party fielded two candidates in the Northern Ireland Assembly of 1998 but failed to win either seat. Seeing their chances becoming increasingly diminished the UIM formally abandoned their role as a political party in January 2000 and instead reconstituted as a 'ginger group'. This came in the wake of a Channel 4 programme, "The Committee", since discredited, which alleged links between the UIM and loyalist killings, allegations that damaged their credibility and saw a number of members leave the group.
The UIM is all but dead now, even as a think tank, although some of its former members have continued as members of the Ulster Third Way.

</doc>
<doc id="2883672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883672" title="Longtail (rat)">
Longtail (rat)

On the Isle of Man, longtail is a euphemism used to denote a rat, as a relatively modern superstition has arisen that it is considered bad luck to mention this word. The origins of this superstition date to sea-taboos, where certain words and practices were not mentioned aboard ship, for fear of attracting bad luck (or bad weather).
The Manx Gaelic author Edward Faragher (also known by his Manx nickname 'Ned Beg Hom Ruy') recorded in his work 'Skeealyn 'sy Ghailck' that during his time working on fishing boats in the 19th century "It was forbidden to name a hare on board, or a rabbit, or a rat or a cat. The hare was 'the big-eared fellow', and the rabbit ‘pomet’, and the rat ‘sacote’, and the cat ‘scratcher'". In the modern superstition, the taboo only applies to the rat, and the term 'sacote' is no longer used. 
Although this particular sea-taboo was one amongst many and was not held to apply on land, it has become a popular modern belief that the word is somehow unlucky and the taboo has been adopted by some as a typical Manx practice, despite the fact that the old Manx had no qualms in using the word, or its Manx equivalent, "roddan". In modern times, even non-local and unsuperstitious people will refrain from using the word "rat" perhaps in an effort to fit in with those who take it seriously, or in an attempt to be folksy.
Local socially acceptable alternatives for the superstitious also include "joey", "ringie", "queerfella", "iron fella" and . Recently young people have also begun saying "r-a-t", owing to the influence of English immigrants.
Similar taboos can be found as far north as Shetland. Other sea taboos included pigs, cats, and knives. There is a comparable and apparently also relatively modern taboo against uttering the word 'rabbit' on the Isle of Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="2883675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883675" title="Chow test">
Chow test

The Chow test is a statistical and econometric test of whether the coefficients in two linear regressions on different data sets are equal. The Chow test was invented by economist Gregory Chow in 1960. In econometrics, the Chow test is most commonly used in time series analysis to test for the presence of a structural break. In program evaluation, the Chow test is often used to determine whether the independent variables have different impacts on different subgroups of the population.
Suppose that we model our data as
If we split our data into two groups, then we have
and
The null hypothesis of the Chow test asserts that formula_4, formula_5, and formula_6, and there is the assumption that the model errors formula_7 are independent and identically distributed from a normal distribution with unknown variance.
Let formula_8 be the sum of squared residuals from the combined data, formula_9 be the sum of squared residuals from the first group, and formula_10 be the sum of squared residuals from the second group. formula_11 and formula_12 are the number of observations in each group and formula_13 is the total number of parameters (in this case, 3). Then the Chow test statistic is
The test statistic follows the F distribution with formula_13 and formula_16 degrees of freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="2883691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883691" title="Mishael">
Mishael

Mishael, meaning "who is like God" may refer in the Bible to:

</doc>
<doc id="2883694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883694" title="Dragan Vasiljković">
Dragan Vasiljković

Dragan Vasiljković (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Васиљковић, born 12 December 1954) nicknamed Captain Dragan (Serbian Cyrillic: Капетан Драган) was a founder and captain of the Serbian paramilitary unit called the "Knindže" ("Knin ninjas", "Red berets"). Currently imprisoned in Australia, he is accused of war crimes by the Republic of Croatia, wanted by Interpol. In March 2010, the High Court of Australia ordered him to prison in order to extradite him to Croatia to face prosecution for his alleged crimes. Dragan Vasiljković was arrested again in Australia on 12 May 2010 after being on the run for six weeks following a court ruling approving his extradition to Croatia for war crimes, among others for Knin camp.
Early life.
Dragan Vasiljković was born on 12 December 1954 in a Serbian Orthodox family in Belgrade. His father Živorad died in a motorcycle accident while Dragan was still young. At the age of 3, he was briefly placed in foster home "Dragutin Filipović Jusa" because his mother could not raise three children on her own.
In 1967 he went to Australia with his mother and two siblings under the name "Daniel Snedden". After he finished high school in Melbourne he worked in a photo shop. He spent 4 years in the Australian Army's reserve unit 4th/19th Prince of Wales's Light Horse. After his military service, he served as a weapons instructor in Africa and South America. He was sailing around the world and stayed in Serbia in 1988 where he set up a boat and airplane charter business. He was convicted of criminal charges in relation to brothel ownership in Elsternwick, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia during the 1980s. He also worked as a golf instructor in Australia.
Croatian War.
He returned to Belgrade in May 1990, as Croatia held its first democratic parliamentary elections. In Belgrade, Captain Dragan met Sasa Medakovic, one of the leaders of the barricades in Krajina following the "Log Revolution" in August. Medakovic was a friend of Knin chief of police Milan Martic (later convicted of war crimes at The Hague), and was an employee of Krajina state security. Captain Dragan visited Krajina in the autumn 1990. There, he met Milan Martic and claimed that the defence of Krajina appeared "very disorganised". He thus decided to help organise the Krajina defence. On his return to Belgrade, he attempted to gather support for his effort, and became a member of the opposition Serbian Renewal Movement. He then returned to the United States to complete his aviator training.
During the March 1991 Belgrade upheaval when the Serbian Renewal Movement's challenge to the government was met with tanks in the streets, Captain Dragan was compelled to return there. Again, Milovanov had him in contact with Serbian State Security personnel, among them Franko Simatović. Simatović told him of his Krajina-related activities that if his bosses were to learn about it, he would probably be arrested and dismissed. On 4 April, Captain Dragan went to Krajina to work for Milan Martic.
On 25 June 1991, Croatia proclaimed its independence; soon after, war broke out in Croatia. He served during the Croatian War of Independence under the newly created Republic of Serbian Krajina as a volunteer; International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia prosecutors claim that this service took place under Serbian police auspices, and media even reported that he claimed this during his testimony at the Slobodan Milošević trial in 2003. Milošević asked him of this, and to this he replied "I was speaking exclusively of the Service of Krajina, the Police of Krajina or the Army of Krajina or the JNA until the Vance plan".
Asked if "at any time was there a unit of the MUP (Ministry of the Internal Affairs) of Serbia?" in Krajina with him, he replied that Jovica Stanisic once made an informal visit and Frenki Simatović came three or four times. He was asked if Stanisic and Simatovic ever gave him any orders. He replied that they did not and were in no position to, and did not know nor were they qualified to know.
He commanded special units known as Red Berets (not to be confused with the Special Operations Unit or JSO founded in Serbia in 1996) or "Knindže" after the Krajina's capital of Knin and ninja fighters. He trained units at Krajina's Golubić training camp for which he was allegedly paid by the State Security Service of Serbia; he denied this at the Milosevic trial, despite his role as a prosecution witness. He added that the only time that the Serbian State Security paid him was for a 28-day stint in 1997 "to monitor exercises"; his fee was 2,200 dinars. He was allied with Interior Minister Milan Martić in his power struggle with president Milan Babić, whom he described as "dishonest, a man who was not of his word." Martić, in contrast, he considered to be "a man of honour and a man of his word." In November 1991, Babić called Vojislav Šešelj to Knin to help him thwart what he believed to be a coup attempt being planned by Captain Dragan himself. According to Šešelj, "Captain Dragan interfered and started a rebellion among the army ranks", and organised a rally of military personnel. Šešelj toured the front lines and in the media explained to people that "those who want internal conflicts while an armed clash is still going on cannot be friends of the Serb people." The rally, Šešelj said, proved a failure and Babic remained in power. Šešelj also testified at the Milosevic trial that Captain Dragan had a training camp in Golubic. Vasiljković ran for president of Serbia in 1992, placing fourth with 1.86% of the vote.
During the war, he founded the Fond Kapetan Dragan aimed at helping victims of war. Vasiljković became a type of folk hero to some over the course of the war. Nationalist Serbian singer Boro Drljača released a song titled "Kapetan Dragan" in 1991.
Life in Serbia.
After the end of combat in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, Vasiljković returned to Serbia where he lived for several years. Vasiljković was involved in the Serbian Renewal Movement. He maintained his friendship with Franko Simatović, and in 2001 stated that he would defend him in court if necessary. Simatović was arrested and transferred to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in 2003. Vasiljković reemerged in the spotlight after he testified against Slobodan Milošević in 2004 at the ICTY, and subsequently moved back to Perth, Western Australia.
Allegation of war crimes.
In September 2005 an article in "The Australian" newspaper accused Dragan Vasiljković of war crimes as a Serbian paramilitary commander between 1991 and 1994. He then lodged a public defamation case against the publishing company Nationwide News for the article. In December 2009 the court ruled in favor of Nationwide News and ordered Vasiljković to pay them $1.2 million.
Vasiljković was arrested on the basis of a Croatian warrant on 19 January.
He is accused by the Republic of Croatia of being responsible for soldiers under his command allegedly torturing, beating and killing captured members of Croatian Army and Police between June and July 1991 in a prison on the fortress in Knin, and also for making plans to attack and take over the Glina Police station, a near city village Jukince and the villages Gornji i Donji Viduševac in February 1993 at Benkovac (in agreement with the commander of the tank unit JNA). It is alleged during that attack, against the Geneva convention, civil buildings were damaged and ruined, Croatian citizens were forced to escape, their property requirements of as robbed and civilians (among them was a foreign journalist) were wounded and killed. Those accusations were made public after the newspaper "The Australian" reported a story about him. Dragan subsequently sued "The Australian" for defamation. In July 2007, the Supreme Court held that 6 out of 10 imputations in that article were defamatory (The Australian – Majority rules Dragan defamed). However, in December 2009, a judge ruled that Captain Dragan "committed torture and rape" and that "The Australian" article from 2005 proved that Vasiljković participated and committed the allegations against him. Vasiljković rejects the claims, and will appeal the ruling.
The ICTY Hague Tribunal had named Vasiljković as a "participant in a joint criminal enterprise" against Croats and other non-Serbs in the Martic decision, but did not request his arrest. He gave evidence against Slobodan Milosevic at the Hague without immunity. All of the others named are either already on trial at the Hague or at large. In 2005, ICTY spokesperson Florence Hartmann announced that Vasiljković had been under investigation, but that it had stopped due to the mandate on the tribunal to finish its work.
Trial.
In December 2006, Vasiljković's bid to prevent his extradition hearing from going ahead failed in the Sydney Magistrates Court. His grounds of defense were that as a Serbian Captain, he believed that he would be facing a biased Croatian Court and that no evidence of the allegations are required under the Extradition Act 1988 (House of Commons Extradition Requirements – Section 10) for an Australian citizen to be extradited.
Already in June 2006, the High Court dismissed an application seeking to declare the Extradition Act and Regulations with its "no evidence" model invalid. The High Court remitted the case to the Federal Court of Australia to determine whether or not he is protected by International Law. The Federal Court will also review the Local Court determination that he will receive a fair trial in Croatia. The case is next before Justice Cowdroy in November. Vasiljković has been in custody since January 2006.
On 12 April 2007, authorities in Sydney granted Croatia's extradition request, with Vasiljković being held pending appeal at Parklea Correctional Centre in its maximum security section on protection. As an alleged war criminal, he is in a cell by himself, but has been given a guitar and is allowed to have a pen and paper. He wishes to enroll on the electoral roll as he is an Australian citizen but as yet he has been unable to do so. He is also prevented from speaking to members of the press. By April 2007, the Serbian community of Australia had spent over $500,000 on Vasiljković's defence.
On 3 February 2009 Vasiljković appeal against extradition to Croatia was rejected by the Federal Court of Australia., Among those coming to the defence of Vasiljković was the Serbian Orthodox bishop of Australia and New Zealand Irinej Dobrijević.
On 2 September Federal Court of Australia ruled that "there was a substantial or real chance of prejudice if he was extradited to Croatia, ordering release, pending appeal. He subsequently walked free from Parklea prison in Sydney's west on 4 September 2009.
The Australian government appealed the ruling, which was successfully overturned. Courts ruled that Vasiljković should be extradited to Croatia. However, the Australian Federal Police subsequently lost track of him.
In March 2010 the High Court of Australia overturned the Federal Court decision allowing the Australian Federal Government to extradite Vasiljković to Croatia for war crimes. After the ruling ordering his extraction, Vasiljković was nowhere to be found.
Final arrest and appeals.
Vasiljković was caught again by the Australian Federal Police at the Harwood slipyard on the Clarence River on 12 May 2010, having evaded police for 43 days. Vasiljković had bought a yacht in which he had been living in and repairing with the intent to flee the country. Intelligence received by the Netherlands police stated that Vasiljkovic sent his former lawyer Brad Slowgrove to the country to plead that his case be moved to the International Criminal Tribunal. Slowgrove, had been disbarred from practicing law due to threatening NSW magistrate Allan Moore, who was hearing the Vasiljkovic extradition in 2006, with "severe personal consequences." Because of this, he was flagged once entering the Netherlands, and Dutch police were able to provide information to Australian police that Vasiljković was still hiding in Australia. Vasiljković's location was tracked after he made a call to Franko Simatović at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
On 19 May, the Australian Court rejected Vasiljković's defence that Croatian courts would not give him a fair trial and that claims that Croatian courts had been more lenient towards Croats were "scanty" and "feeble". Australia's Federal Court upheld the ruling four months later, rejecting an appeal made by Vasiljković.
On 16 November 2012 the Australian Government and prime minister Julia Gillard decided to extradite Vasiljković to Croatia. The decision is the first war crimes extradition conducted by Australia. His lawyers have launched an appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="2883698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883698" title="U.S. Grosseto F.C.">
U.S. Grosseto F.C.

Unione Sportiva Grosseto Football Club is a professional Italian association football club, based in the city of Grosseto, Tuscany. The club was founded in 1912. The team's most associated nickname is "grifone", after its logo, depicting a griffon. Its colours are red and white.
In 2006–07 Grosseto played in Serie C1 and placed first in division A, earning a direct promotion to Serie B.
2007–08 marked the team's first-ever appearance in Serie B.
History.
The club was founded in 1912 as "Football Club Grosseto", and made its debut in a match played and lost in Orbetello. The club joined the Italian Football Federation only nine years later, in 1921, being admitted in the "Promozione" division. In 1927, the club changes its official colours from black/white to the current white/red. 
Since its foundation, Grosseto played extensively from Serie C to the amateur leagues. In 1995 the club was cancelled by the football federation because of financial troubles, thus losing the right to participate in the Serie C2 after having won Serie D the same year. Following these events, Grosseto joined Eccellenza, ending it in fifteenth place being therefore relegated to Promozione. Two consecutive promotions from 1997 to 1999 however brought Grosseto back to Serie D. In 2000, Piero Camilli purchased the club with the aim to bring Grosseto back in the pros. In the 2001–2002 season, Grosseto ended as Serie D (Round F) runners-up, but were later admitted to Serie C2 to fill a league vacancy. The club successively won Serie C2 in 2004, being thus promoted to Serie C1. In 2005, Grosseto qualified for the promotion playoffs, losing the semifinal to Pavia; one year later, Grosseto gained again a spot in the playoffs, where they defeated Sassari Torres in the semi-finals, but lost to Frosinone in the finals, missing the opportunity to be promoted to Serie B for its first time in history. However, in the 2006–2007 season, under head coach Antonello Cuccureddu, who replaced Massimiliano Allegri after the ninth matchday, Grosseto finally managed to win Serie C1/A following a 1–0 away win at Padova in the final matchday with a goal by Carl Valeri, thus gaining a historical spot in the Serie B 2007-08. Cuccureddu left Grosseto by mutual consent with the club a few days following the triumphal win, and Giorgio Roselli was appointed to replace him for the 2007–08 Serie B club campaign.
The club started their historical first Serie B campaign with three disappointing consecutive defeats which led, on 11 September 2007, to the dismissal of Roselli and his replacement with former Parma boss Stefano Pioli, who led the team to a mid-table finish.
The 2008–09 season started with higher expectations under new head coach Elio Gustinetti; the team started its season showing a very impressive form, but then a result crisis led Grosseto out of the promotion playoff zone, causing the dismissal of Gustinetti and his replacement with Ezio Rossi.
The 2009–10 season was a relatively good season for the club, which finished in 7th place only a few points off the play-off zone. It was although a memorable season for Grosseto, thanks to their top striker Mauricio Pinilla who scored 24 goals in 24 matches and was transferred to US Palermo, in the Serie A, during the 2010 summer transfer market.
On 10 August 2012 Grosseto was provisionally, not yet enforceable, relegated, by the Disciplinary Commission set up for Scommessopoli scandal investigations, to Lega Pro Prima Divisione because of their involvement in Scommessopoli scandal. Furthermore,the president of Grosseto has been suspended from all football activities for five years. But on 22 August 2012, Grosseto and its president are absolved by the Court of justice, completely eliminating the verdict of the first instance and so readmitted to Serie B.
Current squad.
"As of 9 May 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="2883699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883699" title="The Sea (novel)">
The Sea (novel)

The Sea (2005) is the eighteenth novel by Irish writer John Banville. It won the 2005 Man Booker Prize.
Plot summary.
The story is told by Max Morden, a self-aware, retired art historian attempting to reconcile himself to the deaths of those whom he loved as a child and as an adult. 
The novel is written as a reflective journal; the setting always in flux, wholly dependent upon the topic or theme Max feels to write about. Despite the constant fluctuations, Max returns to three settings: his childhood memories of the Graces—a wealthy middle-class family living in a rented cottage home, the "Cedars"—during the summer holidays; the months leading up to the death of his wife, Anna; and his present stay at the Cedars cottage home in Ballyless—where he has retreated since Anna's death. These three settings are heavily diced and impromptly jumbled together for the novel's entire duration. 
Max's final days with Anna were awkward; Max does not know how to act with his soon-to-be-dead wife. Scenes of Anna's dying days are more full of commentary than with actual details, as are most of the novel's settings. It's through these commentaries that we learn of Max's choice to return to the cottage of his childhood memories (after Anna's death), confirming that a room would be available for residence during a visit with his adult daughter, Claire. 
We learn of the Cedars' current house-maid, Miss Vavasour, and her other tenant: a retired army Colonel, often described as a background character (even during his important role in the denouement). The Colonel is also seen, at the beginning of Max's stay, to have a crush on Miss Vavasour; Max suspects Miss Vavasour had entertained the Colonel's slight infatuation prior to Max's own arrival.
Despite the actual present day setting of the novel (everything is written by Max, after Anna's death, while he stays in the Cedars home), the underlying motivation to Max's redaction of memories, the single setting which ties the novel together, are Max's childhood memories. With Max's unreliable, unorganised and omitted iteration of events, we gradually learn the names of the Graces: Chloe, the wild daughter; Myles, the mute brother; Connie, the mother; Carlo, the father; and finally the twins' nursemaid, Rose. After brief encounters, and fruitless moments of curiosity, Max becomes infatuated with Connie Grace upon first sight; seeing her lounging at the beach launches him to acquaint Chloe and Myles in, what Max stipulates to have been a conscious effort to get inside the Cedars, hence, closer to Mrs. Grace. He succeeds. Later, Max recounts being invited on a picnic—for what reasons or what specific time during the summer is never explicitly stated—where Max, in awe, catches an unkempt glance at her pelvic area. This day of "illicit invitation" climaxes when Max is pulled to the ground, and snuggled closely with Connie and Rose in a game of hide-and-seek.
The latter half of his summer memories (the relation of Max's memories in the second part of the novel), however, revolve around Max's awkward relationship with Chloe: a girl with a spastic personality and blunt demeanor whom Max describes as one who " not play, on her own or otherwise". Chloe is shown as a volatile character: flagrantly kissing Max in a Cinema, rough-housing with her brother Myles, and what was hinted as hypersexuality earlier, is quite possibly confirmed as hypersexuality in the book's final moments. 
We soon learn that Chloe and Myles like to tease Rose, who is young and timid enough to feel bullied. Max, another day, climbs a tree in the yard of the Ceders house, and soon spots Rose crying not too far from him. Mrs. Grace soon emerges, comforting Rose. Max overhears (rather, Max remembers overhearing) key words from their conversation: "love him" and "Mr. Grace". Assuming this to mean Rose and Mr. Grace are having an affair, he tells Chloe and Myles. The ending of the book entwines the exact moment of Anna's death with Chloe and Myles drowning in the sea itself as Max and Rose look on. Max, done with his childhood memories, offers a final memory of a near-death episode while he was inebriated. The Colonel does not physically save Max, rather finds him knocked unconscious by a rock (from a drunken stumble). His daughter scolds him at the hospital, assumingly being told he nearly killed himself, and tells him to come home with her. It is revealed at this point that Miss Vavasour is Rose herself and she was in love with Mrs. Grace. Max finishes with a redaction of himself standing in the sea after Anna's death (an allegory is made between crashing waves and tumultuous periods of his life). We are to assume that he will leave the Cedars' home to be cared for by his daughter, Claire.
Development.
Banville himself has described the book as ""a direct return to my childhood, to when I was ten or so. The book is set in a fictionalized Rosslare, the seaside village where we went every summer as children. Looking back now it seems idyllic, though I’m sure ninety-five percent of the experience was absolute, grinding boredom."" The book also began in the third person - "Shroud was the latest in a series of novels of mine in the first person, all of them about men in trouble. I knew I had to find a new direction. So I started to write The Sea in the third person. It was going to be very short, seventy pages or so, and solely about childhood holidays at the seaside—very bare. I worked on it for about eighteen months, but I couldn’t get it to work. And then, out of nowhere, the first-person narrative voice made itself heard again." "The Sea" was completed in September 2004.
Awards and nominations.
The novel won the Man Booker Prize for 2005. The selection of "The Sea" for the Booker Prize was a satisfying victory for Banville, as his novel "The Book of Evidence" was shortlisted in 1989 but lost to "The Remains of the Day" by Kazuo Ishiguro. Ishiguro was again on the shortlist in 2005 with his novel "Never Let Me Go". In fact it was reported in "The Times" that they had whittled the shortlist down to those two novels and it was only the chair John Sutherland's casting vote that decided the winner. The choice of Banville as winner of the award was not seen as a populist choice, causing Banville to retort, "If they give me the bloody prize, why can't they say nice things about me?" Banville's surprise win was described by Boyd Tonkin as "possibly the most perverse decision in the history of the award", though others defended the choice, citing the lyrical, stylistic prose as making the book worthy of the award.
In his acceptance speech Banville state his pleasure that a work of art had won the prize, a statement that saw him being accused of arrogance. He later added, "Whether "The Sea" is a successful work of art is not for me to say, but a work of art is what I set out to make. The kind of novels that I write very rarely win the Man Booker Prize, which in general promotes good, middlebrow fiction."
Adaptations.
A film adaptation has been shot, with Banville having penned the script. The movie is directed by Stephen Brown and stars Ciarán Hinds (Max Morden), Rufus Sewell (Carlo Grace), Charlotte Rampling (Miss Vavasour), and Natascha McElhone (Connie Grace). The film is produced by Luc Roeg, scored by Andrew Hewitt, with cinematography by John Conroy.

</doc>
<doc id="2883702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883702" title="Glencullen, County Mayo">
Glencullen, County Mayo

Description.
Glencullen (Irish: "Gleann Cuilinn" ) is two townlands in the parish of Kiltane in County Mayo, Ireland, situated to the north of Bangor Erris, next to the parish of Kilcommon, Erris which is in the Gaeltacht area. The townlands are located in an area of blanket bog extending across some 2,108 acres (Glencullen Lower) and 2,792 acres (Glencullen Upper), so almost in total. The main Bangor - Kilcommon road runs through Glencullen. The nearest reasonably large town is Belmullet.
History.
Glencullen Lower is not heavily populated, most people now living in Muingingaun townland next to it, but in the 19th century it contained about 40 houses within a radius. In 1842 the road connecting Glencullen with Muingingaun was sanctioned and during the Public works for the Distress in 1847 the road from Glencullen to Bangor was laid, costing £150. 
Glencullen Upper is a long, well sheltered glen through which the Glencullen river flows down into Carrowmore Lake. At the top of the glen is Barnaglanna and Bouleyanlobane, usually called Buaile where in the past, "people from inside the Mullet came to graze their cattle in summer time". Much of Glencullen was used as Buaile/booleying land.
Glencullen had the reputation of being a place of great merriment. People walked to the townland from many surrounding areas. From the interaction of peoples, many Glencullen women married men from throughout Kilcommon parish.
A landslide disaster struck this townland on 22 February 1931 when Lough Boleynagee, a lake above sea level and overlooking Glencullen Upper, slid down the hillside, pushing mountains of soft bog in front of it. The landslide came down the river carrying with it the Glencullen Bridge. Lough Bouleynagee, a well known resting and feeding place for overwintering Brent geese, was drained of all its water and on its bottom lay little but dead trout.
Glencullen National School of Glencullen Lower, Erris.
The first mention of a hedge school in Glencullen was in 1826. Mary Shiels taught 22 pupils that year "in any available place" for a sum of £4 a year. The next mention of a school in Glencullen was in February 1862 when Friar Michael Munnelly applied for a teacher's salary and a supply of books for the newly built school, which was opened by him in November 1861. A few days after the request was made by Friar Michael Munnelly the school inspector, John Sweeney, reported: "There are 40 dwellings within half a mile of the school". This was enough to grant Friar Michael Munnelly the requested salary and books.
The building made of stone and mortar is thatched. The building is one big room of by and high. It was never plastered in- nor outside.
John Sweeney, the inspector, reported that the school's teacher was Thomas Mc Nulty (1843-?). 
Thomas Mc Nulty's teaching ability was poor according to records, but no better could be found.
Further in the report John Sweeney mentions: 
"His (Thomas Mc Nulty) character is good and he governs the school well. His annual income is £4 by way of fees, some children are admitted by the teacher who cannot pay fees. There are no Protestants to be found within miles of the school. The people are farmers. They are poor. Of all the 37 pupils present today only 6 had been at school before. The school has been built about a quarter and a mile from any house along the roadside. The school will serve several villages. The district is populous. Unless the present school comes under the Board, many will be brought up without education, therefore I recommend the application. Owing to the untidy appearance of the place and the un-plastered state of the walls I recommend that the salary be granted on the condition that these defects be remedied before the 15th March."
The School managed to fulfill these conditions and was accepted by the Board of Education. It was given Roll No. 8884.
The total number of pupils on the roll in 1862 is listed 83, although average attendance was 22. Thomas McNulty received £17 a year for his efforts and local contribution to the school was £2.13.0.
Glencullen's National School was furnished with 3 desks, 1 table, 1 writing desk, 1 book press and 1 blackboard.
A few years later (probably 1865) the school was struck off the Roll.
Friar Michael Munnelly managed to re-open the school in 1869 and this time it was given Rol no. 9803.
The teacher from 1869 to 1874 was James Ruddy, an 18-year old.
For some unknown reason Roll no. 9803 was closed in 1874.
After that, there is no mention again of Glencullen in the Board's records until 1887.
In 1887 there is a grant of £185 for Glencullen for the building of a new school on the same site as the previous ones to accommodate 60 pupils. The new school gets Roll no. 13331 and is opened in 1888.
In 1902 the principal teacher, J. Collins, received an annual salary of £95.15.0.
The total number of pupils on Roll no. 13331 for 1902 was 61, while average attendance was 37.
Michael Henry is mentioned as a teacher here from 1909 to 1911. It was his first teacher's position.
Michael Henry had attended St. Patrick's Training College in Drumcondra from 1907 to 1909.
He received a salary of £72 per annum. Pupils had a slate with a white marking pencil, which they took home with them.
From 1903 to 1909 evening classes were taught. The class consisted of 22 men over 18 years that had to study two subjects. The annual teacher's grant for the evening class was £14.5.0. At the evening classes newspapers were read and discussed and letters were written to distant relatives.
Other teachers were:
John Cryan,
John Murphy,
Veronica Gore Murphy,
Anthony Donaghue,
Mrs. Jim Lynn,
Martin Connolly.
Martin Connolly was the last teacher before the school closed on September 1, 1970.
The schoolhouse is now a holiday home of T. K. Whittaker and family.

</doc>
<doc id="2883705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883705" title="Destro">
Destro

Laird James McCullen Destro XXIV, usually referred to simply as Destro, is a fictional character from the toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the leader of the Iron Grenadiers, and founder of M.A.R.S. Industries, a weapons manufacturer and supplier for Cobra. Destro is portrayed by Christopher Eccleston in the 2009 live-action film "".
Profile.
Born in Callander, Scotland, Destro's full name is James McCullen Destro XXIV, and he is Laird of the Castle Destro in the Scottish Highlands. The Destro clan has designed and sold weapons for centuries, and Destro is the faceless power behind their current incarnation—M.A.R.S. (Military Armament Research System), a state-of-the-art weapons manufacturer and one of the largest multinational corporations in the world. As a businessman, Destro is cutthroat and unyielding and is able to maintain apartments and office buildings in most major cities of the world. His luxurious lifestyle outdoes most oil sheiks or shipping magnates. War is his business and passion: Destro believes in the spoils of war and the vast wealth M.A.R.S. provides. He hires mercenaries to stir up conflict in dangerous regions, then provides high-tech arms to any side able to meet his price. Continuing a tradition started by the first Destro, he will even sell to both sides of the same war.
Destro's key characteristics are his sense of honor, a calm demeanor, and love for Cobra's second-in-command, the Baroness. He wears a mask forged from beryllium steel, a tradition dating back to the English Civil War, when an ancestor of his was caught by Cromwell's men Destro will sometimes enter battle himself, either as a member of Cobra Command, or against them if it's better for business. He respects the G.I. Joe Team for their combat skills, but detests them for wasting their skills to maintain peace. Destro and Cobra Commander despise each other but maintain an alliance of convenience. Although twice the tactician and three times the soldier of Cobra Commander, Destro's sense of honor works to his disadvantage in the face of Cobra Commander's ruthlessness.
Toys.
Vintage.
Destro was first released as an action figure in 1983, as a part of the second series of 3" G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero figures. This initial version featured a silver, vacuum-metalized head. In 1988, a second version was produced, this time with a gold vac-metalized head. This figure was released as part of the Iron Grenadiers faction, and the new mask symbolized his change in allegiance. A third figure of Destro followed in 1992, once again featuring his classic silver mask, this time painted instead of chromed. In 1993, a Star Brigade version of Destro was included in the Armor-Tech wave (again with a vac-metalized head). The same year, Hasbro revisited the long-dormant 12" G.I. Joe action figure scale, featuring the characters from "A Real American Hero". Destro was included in the 1993 series, packaged with a removable helmet that revealed his face underneath.
Hasbro and Toys "R" Us created a 15th Anniversary line in 1997, where Destro was released as part of the Cobra Command 3-pack. Originally the line was to feature the original 1983 mold of Destro but the original mold had been lost by this time, forcing Hasbro to use the bulkier 1992 figure instead, in a variety of different color combinations. The same figure was repainted once more (in a more traditional color scheme) in 2001, when Hasbro expanded the line to the mass market.
Modern.
In 2002, Hasbro relaunched the G.I. Joe “A Real American Hero” toyline in time for its 20th Anniversary, and a brand new Destro was included in the initial wave, which also received a repaint, and another variant was packaged with Destro's Devastator. Initially, this line was as much a reboot as it was a revamp. This Destro has a radically different uniform, and his face is molded in a vicious pose, his mouth open and baring its teeth.
For 2003's "Spy Troops", another new Destro was created, this time featuring him in a casual sweater and trousers, with the chromed steel mask returning. A 12" version of Destro was also released for the Spy Troops sub-line. Another Destro was released in 2004, in the "Valor vs Venom" sub-line, which returned Destro to his classic military look, but with a different color scheme. Repainting of the 1992 Destro has continued in the comic book 3-packs released in 2004-06, with a new head mold based on his comic appearance in Marvel #24.
Sigma 6.
Destro is also included in the 8" toyline. The figure is clad in Cobra blue, with the iconic red collar, and a vac-metalized head mold. A repainted "Crime Boss" version of this figure was released shortly before the line's demise in 2007.
25th Anniversary.
Hasbro created two boxed sets of brand new figures, featuring modern sculpt with updated and increased articulation (including the replacement of G.I. Joe's trademark O-Ring construction). Destro was included in the inaugural Cobra set, along with Cobra Commander, Baroness, Storm Shadow, and a Cobra Trooper. This figure was later re-released individually. For the 2007 San Diego Comic Con, Hasbro repainted Destro in the color scheme of the ultra-rare 1997 "Pimp Daddy" Destro figure. Two versions of this figure were made: one had the traditional silver mask head while the other had the Iron Grenadier-themed gold mask. As part of the Comic Pack line, the figure was released again, this time with a blueish silver/dark blue color scheme that resembles Destro's first appearance in the Marvel series, as well as a vac-metal head. He came packaged with the G.I. Joe soldier Breaker and a copy of "G.I. Joe" #14.
In 2008, a new version of the Iron Grenadier Destro was released. Using a new mold and initially referred to as "Blade" Destro, it was released as a single-card figure. A blueish-tinted variant, representing the coloration of the original Marvel comic version, was released in a comic-book set with an Iron Grenadier figure and an original comic book. There was also a variant with this figure, which was a black head for Destro.
Comic series.
Marvel Comics.
In the comic continuity, Destro fancies himself an honorable man, answering to a moral code he alone seems to understand. He has stood with the Commander as often as he has opposed him, and will join forces with the G.I. Joe team if it is good for business. With such wavering loyalties, he has come to respect and befriend many characters, from Joe members Flint and Lady Jaye, to Baroness, and even the Commander's estranged son Billy. However, his strongest connection is to the Baroness, and it is revealed early on that she has shared a romantic relationship with him since before the comic begins.
Destro first appears in the Marvel Comics series "G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero" #11, although his face is not seen. He is Cobra Commander's hired "specialist", sent to stop the G.I. Joe team from ruining their operation on the Alaskan Pipeline. Although Destro manages to stay two steps ahead of the Joes, his confrontation with Doc results in the Joes getting the antidote for a plague they'd been infected with, and turning the tables on Cobra. His next appearance establishes his true intentions: he plans to remove the Commander from the equation, and lead Cobra himself, with the Baroness at his side. The Commander comes to suspect this betrayal, and recruits Major Bludd to kill Destro.
A night operation in Washington, D.C. gives Bludd his chance. But when the Baroness (who was driving Bludd's HISS tank) realizes what he is planning, she swerves sharply, overturning the tank and setting it on fire. The tank explodes, seemingly killing her, and leaves Destro a shattered wreck of his former self. The Commander uses this turn of events to point Destro's rage toward Bludd, and operates for a while without the fear of Destro's treachery. But when the Commander is captured by G.I. Joe, Destro wastes no time taking control. At this point the Baroness returns, and reveals the Commander's part in her near death.
After a battle in the Everglades, Destro, Wild Weasel, and Firefly are stranded, with only their wiles to get them past the G.I. Joe team, and back to Cobra's home town of Springfield. This brings him into repeated conflict with the Joes, including a fist fight with Cutter. When they finally arrive in Springfield however, Baroness reveals that she and Bludd have recruited a young boy to assassinate the Commander during a Cobra rally. During the ceremony, Destro spots the trained killer, and realizes it is Cobra Commander's own son, Billy. Saving the man he swore to kill, Destro reveals a new side of himself: that of an honorable man who cannot condone patricide, even against a hated foe.
Destro heads the tribunal that questions Billy, and later tries to stop Storm Shadow from helping the boy escape. After the creation of Cobra Island, Destro and the Baroness meet with the curious Doctor Mindbender, as he demonstrates a bio-weapon to them (quick growing vines that spew knock out gas). Although the vines are defeated by Lady Jaye and a team of G.I. Joe trainees, they bring Doctor Mindbender to Cobra, where his true plans are put into effect. With the Commander's consent and Destro's help, Doctor Mindbender collects the bodies of history's ten greatest warriors, which are used to create Serpentor. Serpentor is quickly recruited to fight a holding action against G.I. Joe, while Destro coordinates a complete evacuation of Springfield. Once the citizens of the small town are safe, Destro again shows his honorable side, and rescues Serpentor and the defenders.
Assaulting The Pit under Ft. Wadsworth, Staten Island, the Commander becomes indignant at Serpentor and his successful campaign to take Cobra as his own. Cobra Commander leads a team of troops into the subterranean base, and Destro chooses to join him. The two are trapped underneath tons of rubble, when the defenders detonate The Pit's lowest levels, and cave in the entire installation. While the Commander becomes unhinged, Destro reasons his way through, and uncovers an earth-boring machine that saves their lives. Traveling across country in disguise, they are reunited with Billy, who is in a coma after his car was blown up by the Cobra agent Scrap-Iron (by orders of Firefly). Watching the Commander grieve for his misdeeds, Destro decides his time with Cobra has ended, and leaves. He returns to Scotland to reclaim his family's legacy, but on arrival, he is greeted by a doppelganger and thrown in prison. With the intervention of Lady Jaye and Flint, Destro overthrows the fake, who turns out to be Major Bludd.
Some time later, Destro resurfaces as his leader of his own organization, the Iron Grenadiers. After inciting a war in Sierra Gordo, he takes part in the Cobra Island Civil War. He invades the island with his Grenadiers and confronts Serpentor's forces, but only requests that the Baroness (whom Serpentor had captured) be turned over to him. With the Baroness in his custody, he withdraws from the island. Displaying his honor yet again, Destro helps blackmail a pair of politicians, who try to blame G.I. Joe for aiding Serpentor in the Civil War.
Content to stay out of the ongoing war between G.I. Joe and Cobra, Destro is nonetheless made a target by Cobra Commander II, and Castle Destro is assaulted by Cobra. Turning the tables, Destro overpowers the fake Commander, and effectively takes over Cobra. While he unveils an intricate plan of checks and balances to keep the Cobra High Command and his Iron Grenadiers on even footing, the Baroness discovers that Snake-Eyes was the soldier she believed shot her brother in Southeast Asia. Taking on an unadvised vendetta, she allows for Snake-Eyes and Storm Shadow to lay waste to the Cobra Consulate Building in New York City. As the roof collapses, and the three are about the plummet to their death, Destro arrives in a helicopter. He reveals that not only was he in Southeast Asia that day with his father, but that Snake-Eyes was innocent of killing her brother Eugene. Taking his love away, he removes his mask for her, and the two retire for a time, while the Baroness puts her life back together.
As soon as Destro abandons Cobra, the original Commander returns, and locks most of his old lackeys in a freighter, and buries it under the volcano on Cobra Island. Among the victims are Zartan and Billy, although they have the distinction of being two of the three (Firefly being the last) who manage to dig themselves out. Because of his honorable character, they look to Destro for refuge. At the same time, the Commander (still seeking revenge on his old associates) assaults and destroys Castle Destro. Because of his spy in Cobra, Metal-Head, Destro manages to escape from the Castle, aided by G.I. Joe agent Chuckles, and the Commander puts a bounty on Destro's head.
Now a marked man, Destro teams up with Billy and Zartan to rescue the Baroness, who is captured by Cobra in the raid. Teaming up with the G.I. Joe Ninja Force, the former Cobras break into the Night Creepers' citadel, and begin wiping out Cobra bank accounts. To save his fortunes, the Commander agrees to call off the bounty on Destro, return the Baroness to him, and provide him with a new castle.
That turns out to be the Silent Castle in Trans-Carpathia, where Slice and Dice have assembled the remaining Red Ninjas. With G.I. Joe guarding the Castle and Cobra arriving to activate the subliminal suggestions the Commander implanted in the Baroness while she was his prisoner, a four-way war breaks out, in the middle of which, Destro reveals the secret duality of the Castle. Keeping his promise to the Baroness that he would love her so long as Castle Destro stands, he transforms the castle into a duplicate of his Scottish home, and the Baroness' love for him breaks the Commander's hold. Routing Cobra and the ninjas, the couple are left alone once more.
After a time, the Commander decides that he wants to move on from Cobra Island and reclaim the Castle from Destro. On the run from a Cobra invasion, Destro and Baroness contact G.I. Joe for an extraction. Snake-Eyes and Storm Shadow come to their rescue, but not before Destro sets the transformation controls to create a nightmare of architecture, and confronts Scarlett (posing as a traitor). On the rooftop, Snake-Eyes is forced to run her through with his sword (narrowly missing her heart) to keep her cover, and make good their escape. Destro tries to give his thanks for the rescue, but is silently rebuffed by Snake-Eyes, who resents having been put in such a position.
Afterwards, General Hawk takes Destro and Baroness to Cobra Island, where they are reunited with Zartan, who warns them all of the inevitable return of Dr. Mindbender. With the Commander fighting G.I. Joe in Millville, Destro, Baroness, and Zartan retake the Trans-Carpathian castle. They are soon joined by Billy, and the small group is reunited for a while. Soon after Dr. Mindbender is revived, he reveals that he placed a brain implant into Destro's mind during the removal of a wisdom tooth. Zartan also has one, and Cobra Commander's unmasked face is the trigger that activates them. Cobra ventures once more to the Castle, and the Commander removes his hood, turning Destro and Zartan to his side.
With Destro's superior tactical mind, Cobra begins a campaign that leaves them in control of Trans-Carpathia, Darklonia, and Borigia-Krazny/Marango. It is when they assault Wolkekukuckland that they come up against the G.I. Joe team, and the progress is halted. During the stalemate, Snake-Eyes attacks the Silent Castle to rescue Storm Shadow, only to find that he, along with the Baroness and Billy, have been brainwashed to serve Cobra as well. On the run, the Joes escape Cobra, and return to the United States, only to be deactivated by the government. The series comes to a close, leaving Destro and the others under the thrall of Cobra Commander.
Devil's Due.
In “The Mission That Never Was”, it is revealed that the core G.I. Joe members were sent on one final mission, which resulted in Cobra's Brainwave Scanner being corrupted by a virus that spread through the entirety of their mainframe. Crippled and defeated, Cobra then fell to a "unified military attack" (this attack is never detailed in a story, but hinted at in various “Battle Files” entries). A happy side effect of this confluence of events was the incapacitation of the Brainwave Scanner. Without repeated "self-medication" via the Scanner, the Baroness was freed from her artificial loyalty to Cobra. It is left ambiguous as to how Destro overcame his brain implant (which was self-contained, and thus unaffected by the virus), but it is speculated that, as happened in the Silent Castle some time earlier, the love between James and Ana can overcome any obstacle. The two returned to Trans-Carpathia and retired from the intrigue and danger of Cobra, but continued to rebuild M.A.R.S. Industries, establishing an outpost in Scotland. During this time, Dr. Mindbender and Scrap-Iron both enjoyed productive employment with M.A.R.S. But at some point, James contracted a serious family illness, and was bed-ridden for a long time.
It is at this point that his illegitimate son, Alexander, surfaced. Vulnerable in his weakened state, James took Alexander in and gave him full run of the operation. Wanting to make his father proud, he usurped the Destro identity and recruited Lilian Osbourne (Mistress Armada) to lead his armies, as he had nowhere near the tactical genius of his father. When James begins to recover from the illness, Destro injects him with an experimental nanite technology, which keeps him incapacitated. Destro then arranges for the Cobra Commander to learn of the nanites' existence. Thinking he's stealing them from a U.S. government, the Commander devises an elaborate scheme to take control of the country. With new-found momentum, Cobra Commander begins contacting all his old allies, and returns to the U.S.
Destro and the Baroness attend the meeting in Zartan's Florida compound, appearing to all as couple on the outs. After hearing him out, Destro and Lilian stage a coup, and take the Commander prisoner. Using the nanites on the Commander and all the former Cobra agents (save Zartan), Destro is able to secure his hold over the organization, and effect the reunification the Commander had hoped for. Manipulating all the members of Cobra, Destro unleashes the nanites on the United States, very nearly taking over. It is only because of the intervention of the G.I. Joe team (who were reinstated when the Commander returned to U.S. soil), and Cobra Commander (who was freed from the prison by Storm Shadow, and cured of the nanites) that Destro fails in his bid for domination. When the nanites are defeated, the real Destro is freed from his paralyzed state just in time to greet Alex and Lilian, who are imprisoned after the Baroness rescues them from their losing battle.
Back in control, Destro is forced to make restitution to Cobra for his son's transgressions. Offering the Commander an explanation for the doppelganger as well as the hi-tech Destro family helmet that aided Alex in his deception, Destro agrees to work with Cobra until such time that he feels the debt is paid. Soon after this, the Baroness is kidnapped by the Yakuza, and Destro teams up with G.I. Joe (Flint has also gone missing) to rescue her. In the fight, Alex proves his newfound loyalty to his father, and follows orders exactly.
The Commander is captured by Serpentor, now in charge of the Coil. When he and a group of Joes affect an escape, he contacts Destro, stating "assist me, and all debts are clear". Rallying all of Cobra with him, Destro assaults Cobra Island and helps defeat the Coil. After the battle, the Commander has disappeared, and Destro is left, seemingly against his desires, in charge of Cobra. So when the Commander finally surfaces with Storm Shadow in tow, Destro takes the opportunity to leave Cobra, for good and all. In a shocking twist, however, the Baroness does not join him.
Heading up his own operations in an attempt to finally put M.A.R.S. back on solid ground, Destro strikes a deal with Guillermo Gomes in Sierra Muerto, to double cross Sierra Gordo's President. Sending in Iron Grenadiers disguised as Sierra Muerto mercenaries, Destro then approaches President Delacruz for permission to build weapon factories within Sierra Gordo borders in exchange for routing the invaders. Intending for the President to be assassinated, and Gomes to take control of both countries, Destro would then be positioned as the region's biggest gun runner. This elaborate scheme was derailed by Duke, who had helped foster peace between the warring countries before Destro began his machinations, and arrested the arms dealer.
Put on trial by the U.N., Destro turns the tables on everyone, and offers not only full disclosure of a number of dirty dealings concerning key U.N. countries, but also the guaranteed capture of Cobra Commander to assure his release. Taking his offer, the Joes are charged with transporting Destro by train, to lure Cobra into a trap. When both Cobra Commander and Baroness arrive to free Destro, the Commander and Hawk throw down. Defeating his foe, the Commander shoots Hawk in the back, only to be shot himself, by the Baroness.
The ruse is successful, and the Commander is in U.S. custody, leaving Destro and a pregnant Baroness in control of Cobra. During this shift in power, Alex and Lilian are charged with recruiting Charles Halifax, also known as Wraith, to free Major Bludd and Scrap-Iron from Blackwater prison. Cobra begins to solidify under Destro's leadership, as the search for a mysterious Tempest device drives their new campaign. But even this very dedicated attempt by Destro to take hold of Cobra is short lived, when it is revealed that Zartan, not the Commander, was captured by G.I. Joe. Freeing Zartan, the Commander emerges from hiding, and overthrows Destro one last time.
During the coup, the Baroness and Wraith (charged with her personal safety) are seemingly killed when the Commander detonates the Night Raven they are aboard. As happened many years before when the Baroness' HISS tank exploded, Destro is incapacitated by his grief, and sits rotting in a Cobra prison as the Commander takes over a much more efficient Cobra.
America's Elite.
Escaping from Cobra when the Red Shadows attempted a worldwide take-over, Destro resurfaces (literally) a year later a much different man. Now operating from a submarine, Destro has become embittered and distant from both his son Alex, and Wraith, who somehow avoided boarding the Night Raven before its explosion. He aids Vance Wingfield in attacking the United States with shielded satellites as he brokers a deal with China. When Scarlett is overtaken by BATs while attempting to contact former Cobra agent Cesspool, Destro is revealed to be pulling the strings. Torturing Scarlett for information, Destro is undermined by Alex, who attempts to rid them of the dangerous G.I. Joe prisoner. When the Joes eventually catch up to him, Destro sets the sub to self-destruct, and escapes with Alex. Snake-Eyes is trapped in a flooded corridor, though he is later revived with "ninja magic".
After his rehabilitation, Destro gives Alexander a new mask, formally naming him heir to the Destro legacy. However, when the Baroness escapes from G.I. Joe custody, Destro is lured into a trap by the Cobra Commander. In exchange for his infant son, Eugen, Destro not only turns over the M.A.R.S. Empire, but Alexander as well, to Cobra Commander. Destro's actions give Cobra Commander the power to incite World War III, using Alexander to lay siege to London with cloaking technology that M.A.R.S. developed from Wraith's Armor. To combat M.A.R.S. technology, Storm Shadow is sent by the G.I. Joe team to find Destro and the Baroness. Storm Shadow strikes a deal with Destro to aid the Joes, with the proviso that when Cobra is defeated Destro will turn himself over to the authorities. Destro and Sparks succeed in disarming the Cobra-controlled satellites. Destro then flies to Europe with the Baroness to stop Alexander and his Iron Grenadier, supported by the Baroness' secret army: Athena. Upon recognizing Destro, the Iron Grenadier cease combat. Destro manifests his disapproval to Alexander who takes off the family mask and walks away from his raging father. Armada shoots Alexander to death, thinking that's what Destro wanted. Destro walks away carrying his deceased son, while the Baroness kills Armada. It is later revealed that Destro was true to his word and turned himself in to the authorities, while Baroness has evaded capture. In one of the series' final scenes, Baroness is seen watching his trial on TV with their child Eugen.
Alternate Continuities.
Battle Action Force.
In the mid-1980s, IPC's "Battle Action Force" weekly comic (in conjunction with Palitoy) began to conform their storylines to more closely resemble the Hasbro toyline. Destro was introduced as the second incarnation of the Red Shadows character, Red Jackal, driver of the Hyena tracked vehicle.
After the Red Shadows were betrayed by Baron Ironblood, Red Jackal sought revenge against his former leader, who had become the Cobra Commander. The Commander sprayed acid into Jackal's face, but chose to spare his life and renamed him Destro. (For more detail see Red Jackal's transition to Destro.)
As in other continuities, the loyalties of this version of Destro were suspect. In "School for Snakes", he confronted his former colleague the Black Major, who had also survived Ironblood's treachery and sworn revenge. They conspired to kill Cobra Commander, after which Destro would take over the organization, supplying the Major with the means to disappear into obscurity. But when a group of Cobra loyalists led by the Baroness fought back, Destro decided that he could not risk being exposed, turning against and seemingly killing the Black Major—who survived.
Action Force.
After IPC turned the Action Force license over to Marvel UK, Destro's character falls in line with the U.S. depiction. Destro features heavily in the magazine's original content, as the most prolific of Cobra's members and personal antagonist to Flint and Lady Jaye. Because of Marvel UK's serial nature, Destro is not as complex as his American counterpart, being portrayed as an actual villain, willingly fighting Action Force and arming Cobra. He is highly manipulative, not just using Action Force in his schemes but also trying to manipulate Cobra Commander; he believes Cobra can win in the long term, but that the "Commander" is too excessive and, if not subtly controlled, will go too far and cause the Great Powers of the world to wipe Cobra out.
G.I. Joe vs. Transformers (Devil's Due).
Destro features prominently in this series of four crossover miniseries which pose the question: What if Cobra discovered the Ark, and rebuilt the Autobots and Decepticons as weapons of war? Destro helped provide Cobra with the technology to rebuild and control the Cybertronians, and even pilots Soundwave on a mission.
Transformers vs. G. I. Joe (Dreamwave).
Set during World War II, Destro is part of a Nazi-esque Cobra who have subjugated the Decepticons and taken over Europe.
Reloaded.
A modern revamp of the "Real American Hero" franchise, Destro is recruited by Cobra Commander in the initial book "Cobra Reborn". He was later part of the Cobra plot to steal the Constitution where he fights the G.I. Joe agent Roadblock.
Sigma 6.
Devil's Due created a mini-series based on Sigma 6. It follows the style and the content of the cartoon series, spotlighting a different member of Sigma 6 and Cobra in each issue. Destro appears in the first issue, battling Duke in Guam.
Cartoon.
Sunbow.
In the 1980s "" cartoon series, Destro was voiced by Arthur Burghardt. In the Sunbow produced series, Destro is portrayed much differently, as he and Cobra Commander have a more contemptuous relationship. Destro is not afraid to say what is on his mind and even physically assaults him in some cases. Cobra Commander usually just lets him get away with it because he is the only one who would know how to operate the doomsday devices he makes. Destro is the creator of such technological super weapons as the Weather Dominator (but not the MASS Device whose blueprints he stole from Dr. Vandermeer). He has also created some organic implements of destruction such as the Creeper Vine, as seen in "The Revenge of Cobra" miniseries. Furthermore, while Cobra Commander was generally portrayed as a bungler, Destro was both a more serious and more competent villain.
The origin of Destro's mask is given in the first season episode "Skeletons in the Closet". In this episode, it is revealed that an ancestor of Destro's was convicted of witchcraft and forced to wear a hideous metal mask that marked the nature of his crime. As a mark of defiance, all of this man's descendants chose to wear masks, Destro included. This episode also revealed that Destro shared a common ancestor with G.I. Joe member Lady Jaye, although precisely how close the two are related was not revealed.
In Season Two having grown tired of Cobra Commander's failures, Destro joins Doctor Mindbender and Tomax and Xamot in an attempt to create a new leader. They eventually succeed when they create Serpentor. It appears as though Destro realizes Serpentor is growing too powerful and that under Cobra Commander's leadership he had more power within Cobra. In the final episode of the second season, he is helping Cobra Commander and the Coil, an organization built by the Commander to eliminate Serpentor, Doctor Mindbender and G.I. Joe in one sweep.
G.I. Joe: The Movie.
Destro has only a minor role in "", but offers his loyalty to Golobulus and Cobra-La, quickly turning against Cobra Commander once again. In the final battle between the Joes and Cobra-La, Destro is seen fighting, but it is not revealed how he escaped from the explosion that destroyed the rest of Cobra-La.
DiC.
In the miniseries "Operation: Dragonfire" of the DiC "", Destro (voiced by Maurice LaMarche) returns as Serpentor's right hand man apparently having survived the events of the movie. He now sports a gold mask and 'Iron Grenadier' uniform with cape. Apparently having tired of the Baroness, Destro is now in a relationship with Zarana (unusual as he had previously stated his hatred of Zartan and the Dreadnoks). Humiliated by Destro's rejection, The Baroness uses Dragonfire energy to return Cobra Commander to semi-human form. Once he has returned, Cobra Commander contacts Destro, who informs the Commander he will join him again if he is able to overthrow Serpentor. He is also forced to 'dump' Zarana by the Baroness, which he does, literally, through a trap door. With Serpentor defeated, Destro renews his alliance with Cobra Commander and repairs his relationship with the Baroness.
Throughout the series, Destro does not show as much disrespect for the Commander as he did in the Sunbow series, appearing more loyal than before. But he does still maintain his role as the more level-headed and intelligent of the Cobra leaders, and often has to talk some sense into Cobra Commander and stop his hysterical rants. He still shows his disdain for the Commander, but mainly keeps his remarks to himself. In the second season of the DIC series, Destro regains his silver mask and dons a variation of his classic outfit.
Spy Troops and Valor vs. Venom.
Destro appeared in the direct-to-video CGI animated movies ' and ', voiced by Scott McNeil.
Sigma 6.
In "", Marc Thompson voices Destro. In the Sigma 6 continuity, he is loyal to Cobra Commander and still serves as Cobra's weapons designer. This version of Destro may be a cyborg or at least possess some bionic enhancements, having stated he possessed "circuits in his body".
Resolute.
In the , Destro and the Baroness are part of a subplot in which they have taken a team of scientists hostage. Roadblock, Beach Head, Gung-Ho and Stalker have to rescue them before Destro starts killing them. Unlike other animated versions of Destro, this one has a noticeable Scottish accent. He was voiced by Eric Bauza.
Renegades.
Destro appears in "" voiced by Clancy Brown. Known as James McCullen XXIV, he was the CEO of the legitimate M.A.R.S. Industries until it became allied to Cobra Industries. He is shown to be on friendly terms with the Baroness, though the extent of their relationship remains unclear. In the episode "Rage", McCullen was in collaboration with Scrap-Iron in capturing war veterans from the street in order to find the right brainwaves that would help in the mass-production of some exo-armors for Cobra Industries. Tunnel Rat ended up being one of the victims. Later, Roadblock was a victim and McCullen found a match in his brainwaves. When G.I. Joe arrived and disabled the controls on the exo-armor, Roadblock lunged towards McCullen and Scrap-Iron as they get into their helicopter. McCullen declares the test complete now that they have the data and fires a missile at G.I. Joe. Though Roadblock managed to deflect the missile back at the helicopter injuring part of Scrap-Iron's head. McCullen tells Scrap-Iron that his injuries will be avenged as he sets the exo-suit to self-destruct. The G.I. Joes managed to get away before it explodes while McCullen and Scrap-Iron escape.
In the episode "The Enemy of My Enemy", Cobra Commander (in his Adam DeCobray alias) has McCullen collaborate with Doctor Mindbender in order to have the Bio-Viper combine with the Exo-Armor. McCullen wasn't pleased with working with Doctor Mindbender and even disguised himself in order to leak info of this to G.I. Joe. McCullen even shows Adam DeCobray and Baroness the Achilles heel of the Bio-Vipers when he unleashes the Iron Grenadier exo-armors. When McCullen mentions about the exo-armors stating that he will give them 10,000 exo-armors as a pre-order, he states that he will require payment for them. However, Mindbender reveals McCullen's leaking info to the Joes while revealing his own Mecha-Vipers. Following that, Cobra Commander reveals himself while setting Serpentor on McCullen. Following that, having M.A.R.S. Industries absorbed into Cobra Industries, Cobra Commander places a mask on McCullen to force him to serve him while christening him Destro (which is his family's name for those who embarrass or shame the family). Here his mask is unlike previous version, more robotic as opposed to the appearance of a bald man with metal skin shown in other incarnations.
In "Castle Destro", the Joes end up in Destro's castle where the Bio-Dag weapon is developed by Destro and Doctor Mindbender. Destro requests to Cobra Commander that Baroness arrives in Scotland to oversee the project. Destro also tells Baroness that the Joes ended up in his castle. When Baroness arrived, Destro has a royal repast with Baroness before they see the Bio-Dag. Destro then shows Baroness footage of the Joes in his castle. Destro then speaks over the speakers as he activates the Battle Android Troopers and proposes a partnership to Baroness. When the Joes get too close to the Bio-Dag, Destro unleashes the Iron Grenadier armors and more B.A.T.s on them. As Duke ends up hijacking Baroness' chopper, Destro has his troops fire on Baroness' chopper while telling her that he will buy her a new chopper. Destro then has his troops hold their fire and have the other Joes imprisoned in the dungeon. Cobra Commander then contacts them and states that the Bio-Dag should be launched into a mining town in Greenland to take care of Cobra Industries' competition. Destro and Baroness interrogate the Joes and Scarlett tells him that the Techno-Viper was heading to Scotland. Destro suspects that Doctor Mindbender probably programmed the Techno-Viper to dispose of Destro as both of them leave to watch the Bio-Dag's launch. The Joes end up attacking the launch site causing a malfunction that would cause the Bio-Dag to fill the castle with fire. Duke then attacks Destro as he succeeds in freeing the Bio-Dag. Duke manages to destroy the Bio-Dag. Destro manages to carrying a weakened Baroness away as the castle ends up exploding. Destro tells Baroness that he will take full responsibility on what the Joes did to the Bio-Dag.
In "Cutting Edge", Destro secretly hires a high-tech Jinx in order to take out Cobra Commander as part of his revenge. Cobra Commander orders Destro to send every B.A.T. to Cobra Towers to take out Jinx.
In "Revelations" Pt. 2, Destro attacks the Joes in a prototype H.I.S.S. Tank when they infiltrate Cobra Commander's stronghold. The Joes managed to defeat him and the H.I.S.S. Tank by throwing missiles on it causing it to crash. It is unknown if Destro survived or not.
Live-action movie.
"G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra".
Destro appears as the leading villain and antagonist of the live action film "", portrayed by Christopher Eccleston. In the movie, James McCullen's family background is retconned as his ancestor James McCullen IX was only punished by the French monarchy after being caught selling weapons to both them and England, condemned to have a red-hot iron mask welded onto his face and serve as an example to others who attempted to overthrow the crown. He also reveals that James McCullen I was also called Destro, explaining it to be short for the "Destroyer of Nations" which his family has been known for because of their shady arms-dealing.
Supplying the world's governments through M.A.R.S. (here known as Military Armaments Research Syndicate), James McCullen is secretly a terrorist mastermind, using NATO's funding for his research on nanomites before arranging for it to be stolen by M.A.R.S. agents, using one of the warheads to attack Paris as retribution for his ancestor's punishment. He is the primary antagonist for most of the movie, but by the end of the movie, McCullen is severely burned as Rex Lewis takes control of the organization, with the familiar Cobra logo on the side of his personal sub. The "Cobra Commander" then uses more of the stolen Nanomites to reconstruct McCullen's face, transforming his skin into living metal. Suffering the same fate as his ancestor and forced to be obedient to Cobra Commander, McCullen is dubbed "Destro" before being arrested and placed in a high security prison.
"G.I. Joe: Retaliation".
Jon M. Chu said that fans will get a glimpse of Destro in "", but Christopher Eccleston will not reprise his role in the sequel. When Storm Shadow and Firefly break Cobra Commander out of prison, Cobra Commander decides to leave Destro imprisoned.
Video games.
Destro is one of the featured villains in the 1985 "" computer game.
Destro appeared as a boss in the 1991 "G.I. Joe" video game and in 1992's "" for the Nintendo Entertainment System. In the first NES game, he is wearing his Iron Grenadier uniform, and pilots The Despoiler air vehicle. He is also the second-to-last boss in Konami's "G.I. Joe" arcade game.
In the video game "", he is the third boss, who is fought towards the end of the "Jungle Fuel" act.

</doc>
<doc id="2883708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883708" title="Finke">
Finke

Finke or Fincke is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2883717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883717" title="Side Brok">
Side Brok

Side Brok is a Norwegian rap group from Ørsta, in western Norway. The members of Side Brok are Sjef R, his alter ego Thorstein Hyl III, Skatebård, Tore B, Odd G and Tunk.

</doc>
<doc id="2883718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883718" title="Preston Leslie">
Preston Leslie

Preston Hopkins Leslie (March 8, 1819 – February 7, 1907) was the 26th Governor of Kentucky from 1871 to 1875 and territorial governor of Montana from 1887 to 1889. He ascended to the office of governor by three different means. First, he succeeded Kentucky governor John W. Stevenson upon the latter's resignation to accept a seat in the United States Senate in 1871. Later that year, he was elected to a full term as governor, defeating John Marshall Harlan in the general election. Finally, he was appointed territorial governor by President Grover Cleveland.
Leslie was a Confederate sympathizer during the Civil War, but began to adopt a more progressive position during his gubernatorial campaign against Harlan. Though he opposed ratification of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments, he used his influence as governor to effect passage of laws admitting the testimony of blacks in court and providing for an educational system for recently freed slaves. He also helped quell violence perpetrated by the Ku Klux Klan in many areas of the state.
As territorial governor of Montana, Leslie quickly drew the ire of the press for his pro-temperance position. The territory's political machinery also turned against him, and he was removed from office by President Benjamin Harrison. When Grover Cleveland succeeded Harrison for a second term in office, he appointed Leslie district attorney for Montana. Leslie continued to practice law well into his eighties, and was being considered for a district court judgeship in Montana when he fell ill with pneumonia and died on February 7, 1907, at the age of 87.
Early life.
Preston Leslie was born in Clinton County, Kentucky (then a part of Wayne County), on March 8, 1819. He was the second son of Vachel H. and Sarah Hopkins Leslie. He was educated in the public schools, then studied law under Judge Rice Maxey. He worked with his father on the family farm until 1835, and supported himself by doing odd jobs including driving a stagecoach, running a ferry, and being store clerk. Leslie was admitted to the bar on October 10, 1840, and served as the deputy clerk of the Clinton County courts. In 1841, he relocated to Tompkinsville, Kentucky, where he worked as a farmer. He became county attorney of Monroe County in 1842.
On November 11, 1841, Leslie married Louisa Black; they had seven children. Louisa died on August 9, 1858. Leslie married the widowed Mary Maupin Kuykendall on November 17, 1859, fathering three more children. Mary Leslie died September 3, 1900.
Political career.
Leslie began his political career by being elected as a Whig to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1844. He was defeated for a seat in the state Senate in 1846 by a single vote. He continued serving in the House until 1850, when he won election to the Senate representing Monroe and Barren counties. He then served in the Senate until 1855. In the 1850s, the Whig Party gradually faded in Kentucky, and Leslie became a Democrat. He declined nominations for a seats in the United States Congress and on the Kentucky Court of Appeals, preferring instead to work on his farm. In 1859, he moved to Glasgow, Kentucky, in Barren County.
By 1861, Leslie had built up a prosperous estate and added a plot of land in Texas to his holdings in Kentucky. In December of that year, he and his eldest son traveled to the property with 26 slaves and a large part of the family's possessions. After establishing his household, Leslie returned to Kentucky and left the Texas estate in the care of his son.
Leslie's feelings were mixed on the issues central to the Civil War. Known as a "strong Union man" prior to the war, his sympathies switched to the southern cause once the war began. Nevertheless, he believed the South should solve its differences with the North through diplomatic means, and did not favor the idea of secession. He kept a low political profile and refused military service for either side. He returned to the state Senate from 1867 to 1871, serving as president of that body from 1869 to 1871.
Governor of Kentucky.
On February 13, 1871, Governor John W. Stevenson resigned his post to accept a seat in the U.S. Senate. Stevenson had ascended to the governorship on the death of John L. Helm, and had no lieutenant governor. As president of the Senate, Leslie was the ex-officio lieutenant governor, and next in line to succeed Stevenson. A gubernatorial election was already scheduled later in 1871, and Leslie was among several nominees put forward by the Democrats. Because of Leslie's opposition to the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments, his candidacy was opposed by Henry Watterson, founder of the powerful "Louisville Courier-Journal". Despite this, Leslie emerged from a field of Democratic candidates that included future governors John Y. Brown and J. Proctor Knott and former Confederate governor Richard Hawes. John G. Carlisle was chosen as Leslie's running mate, and was declared by one commentator to be "by odds, the ablest man on the ticket". Leslie's opposition to the Southern Railroad bill while serving in the state senate proved a liability with some voters in his own party. Because of his southern sympathies, he was also opposed by the more progressive "New Departure" wing of his party. Nevertheless, he enjoyed support from the Bourbon Democrats in the state, as well as the state's tobacco interests and the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.
During the campaign, Leslie's opponent Republican John Marshall Harlan was blasted as a "political weathercock" for having changed his stance on many issues. In one joint debate, Leslie quoted an antebellum speech wherein Harlan had called the Republican platform "revolutionary, and if carried out, would result in the destruction of our free government." Harlan admitted his inconsistent stands, declaring that he would rather be right than consistent. Meanwhile, Leslie began moving closer to the "New Departure" wing of his party during the course of the campaign. Ultimately, Leslie's supporters deemed him "sober, conservative, and safe", and this perception enabled him to defeat Harlan by a considerable margin in the first election in which blacks were allowed to vote.
Leslie laid out an aggressive legislative agenda in his inaugural address to the General Assembly on September 5, 1871, but legislators were more concerned with passing the Southern Railroad bill that would create a connection between the railroads of Cincinnati, Ohio, and those of the Southern United States. The line would pass through central Kentucky, opening up trade to the region. It would be funded primarily by capital from Ohio, and would provide competition to the Louisville and Nashville Railroad's monopoly in the state. Though Leslie wasn't particularly supportive of the bill, he refused to veto it because of the potential economic benefits to the state. Leslie was also faced with the issue of post-war violence by the Ku Klux Klan. The legislature had refused to pass a law against mob violence in 1871. In his address to the legislature on December 6, 1871, Leslie endorsed legislation that made it illegal to write or post threatening notices and to band together and wear disguises. This proposal enjoyed favorable public opinion, and was passed during the legislature's next session. With the railroad and violence issues resolved, Governor Leslie urged the legislature to improve the status of blacks in the state, including the creation of an educational system for blacks and the approval of the testimony of blacks in the state's courts. He commissioned a new geological survey, appointing native Kentuckian Nathaniel Southgate Shaler to head the work. An advocate of the temperance movement, he secured additional regulations on the sale of liquor. Also during Leslie's tenure, the penal system was improved.
Devout Baptists, Governor and Mrs. Leslie were given a silver service set at the expiration of his term by the Good Templars of Kentucky for their charity to the needy. Following his term in office, Leslie was elected to serve on the Glasgow circuit court, a position he held for six years, beginning in 1881. He failed in a re-election bid in 1886 by four votes.
Governor of Montana.
In 1887, President Grover Cleveland appointed Leslie to be the Territorial Governor of Montana. Cleveland made the appointment on the recommendation of John Marshall Harlan, Leslie's opponent in the Kentucky gubernatorial election of 1871, who was now serving as an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court. Leslie soon ran afoul of the local press, who labeled him the "Coldwater Governor" for his stands in favor of temperance. The press's opinion of him further dimmed when he pardoned a prostitute convicted of grand larceny because the penitentiary was not equipped to accommodate women. He urged the territorial legislature to enact fiscal reforms and improve facilities for the insane and the incarcerated, but he was no match for the political machinery in Montana Territory. His 1889 pocket veto of an appointment bill supported by the legislature was the final straw; under pressure from Republicans, President Benjamin Harrison replaced Leslie as territorial governor.
Meanwhile in Kentucky, the state treasurer, "Honest Dick" Tate, had absconded with nearly $250,000 of the state's money in 1888. During the investigation that followed, it was discovered that Leslie, along with several other state officials, had procured personal loans from the state treasury through Tate.
Later life and death.
Following his removal from office, Leslie opened a legal practice in Helena, Montana, partnering with A. J. Craven. President Cleveland in his second term appointed Leslie U.S. district attorney of Montana. He served from 1894 to 1898.
During his final years practicing law in Helena, Leslie gained widespread acclaim and served as president of the Montana State Bar Association. On a return visit to Kentucky in 1906, he addressed the legislature, noting how he had helped the state adjust to the "new order" following the Civil War. Montana governor Joseph Toole was circulating a petition to have Leslie named a district court judge when Leslie fell ill with pneumonia. He died February 7, 1907 and was buried at Forestvale Cemetery in Helena.
Memorials.
Leslie County, Kentucky, was formed in 1878 and was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2883721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883721" title="Warren Schatz">
Warren Schatz

Warren Schatz, born in New York, was a prominent producer, arranger and orchestra conductor during the 1970s.
Warren Schatz is famous for composing, producing, arranging, and conducting the orchestra for such mid- to late-1970s disco recording artists as Frankie Valli, Vicki Sue Robinson, The Brothers, Revelation, Evelyn King, and Gordon Grody.
In 1965 the Swedish garage pop group Ola & the Janglers recorded a Warren Schatz composition, Tomorrow's On Your Side, only available on two EPs, GEP-66 (Ola & the Janglers EP) and JSEP-5547 (various artists EP) in Sweden.
He was also in a band named "The Warmest Spring".
Warren Schatz has also recorded obscure cover versions of Finnish singer Irwin Goodman's songs, released on two ultra-rare CBS singles in the early 70s. 
CBS 1405: Don't You Go Away Again ("Tositarkoituksin") with I've Been Wonderin ("Ei Tippa Tapa") on the flip side.
CBS 8344: Boing, Boing, Boing with Tomorrow On My Own on the flip side.

</doc>
<doc id="2883736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883736" title="Zanthoxylum simulans">
Zanthoxylum simulans

Zanthoxylum simulans (Chinese Prickly-ash or Flatspine Prickly-ash), is a flowering plant in the family Rutaceae, native to eastern China and Taiwan. It is one of several species of "Zanthoxylum" from which Sichuan pepper is produced (see that page for uses).
It is a spreading shrub or small tree growing to 7 m tall. The leaves are 7-12.5 cm long, pinnate, with 7-11 leaflets, the leaflets 3–5 cm long and 1.5–2 cm broad. There are numerous short (3–6 mm) spines on both the stems and the leaf petioles, and large (several cm) knobs on the branches. The flowers are produced in slender cymes, each flower about 4–5 mm diameter. The 3–4 mm berry has a rough reddish brown shell that splits open to release the black seeds from inside.
Notes and references.
Zanthoxylum Bungeanum seed oil
http://www.goodoils.com/english/pricky_ash_oil.htm

</doc>
<doc id="2883744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883744" title="Sander (genus)">
Sander (genus)

Sander (formerly known as "Stizostedion") is a genus of fish in the Percidae (perch) family. They are also known as "pike-perch" because of their resemblance to fish in the unrelated Esocidae (pike) family. 
Local names for the fish have been the basis for many geographical names, like River Suda in Russia or Saunags village on the Baltic coast.
The genus includes the following five species:

</doc>
<doc id="2883749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883749" title="March Incident">
March Incident

The was an abortive coup d'état attempt in Japan, in March 1931, launched by the radical "Sakurakai" secret society within the Imperial Japanese Army, aided by civilian ultranationalist groups.
Background and History.
The start of the March Incident of 1931 may be traced back to the autumn of 1930, when the foundation of the "Sakurakai" (Cherry Society) by Imperial Japanese Army Lieutenant Colonel Kingoro Hashimoto and Captain Isamu Chō. The cherry blossom was symbolic of self-sacrifice, and was a symbol used by the military to symbolize the fleeting life of a soldier. The avowed goal of the "Sakurakai" was political reform through elimination of corrupt party politics and the establishment of a totalitarian state socialist government run by the military. The new government would rid the country of corrupt politics, unfair distribution of wealth in the "zaibatsu" and perceived degenerative influences corrupting Japan's public morals.
After the attempted assassination of Prime Minister Osachi Hamaguchi, Prince Kinmochi Saionji (the last "genrō" ) and Lord Privy Seal Makino Nobuaki considered recommending General Kazushige Ugaki to the post of prime minister. However, they later decided that a civilian nominee would be best for Japan at the time. This change incensed the militarist party within the Imperial Japanese Army, and several leading generals called on Hashimoto and his "Sakurakai" to plan a coup d'etat to bring Ugaki into power.
Hashimoto's plan involved a three-phase program: 
1. Massive riots would be instigated in Tokyo, which would force the government to call-out troops and proclaim martial law.
The plotters attempted again to start a riot again on 17 March 1931 (two days before the planned coup d'état was to take place), but again the projected 10,000 rioters failed to materialize, and the leaders were this time arrested and the whole affair disintegrated.
Consequences.
Ugaki intervened to hush up the whole collapsed affair, and ensured that the plotters received very mild punishments. This had the end result of encouraging more attempts by elements of the military to intervene in politics, and was also to taint Ugaki's bid for the office of prime minister in the future. Undeterred by his failure, Hashimoto attempted to overthrow the government again only seven months later in the Imperial Colors Incident of October 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="2883754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883754" title="Arthur Krock">
Arthur Krock

Arthur Bernard Krock (November 16, 1886 – April 12, 1974) was an American journalist for several decades, primarily a newspaper reporter. He knew eleven presidents and was sometimes called the "Dean of Washington newsmen".
Career.
Background.
Arthur Krock was born in Glasgow, Kentucky in 1887. He was the son of German-Jewish bookkeeper Joseph Krock and Caroline Morris, who was half-Jewish. His mother became blind subsequent to his birth and Krock was raised by his grandparents, Emmanuel and Henrietta Morris until he was six years old. When his mother regained her sight, he joined his parents in Chicago, graduating from high school there in 1904.
Krock went on to Princeton but dropped out in his first year owing to financial problems. He returned home, and in 1906 graduated with an associate degree from the Lewis Institute in Chicago.
Journalism.
Krock began his career in journalism with the "Louisville Herald", then went to Washington as a correspondent for the "Louisville Times" and "Louisville Courier-Journal". In 1927, he joined "The New York Times" and soon became its Washington correspondent and bureau chief. His column, "In the Nation", was noted for its opinions on public policy.
For example, amid the Hiss–Chambers and Coplon spy cases and the investigation of David E. Lilienthal's management of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission, Krock observed: The persons whose names have entered the trials and investigations, fairly and unfairly, include none who was affiliated with the Republican party ... The ideal solution from the standpoint of these strategists Truman's would be: (1) the acquittal of Hiss ... (2) a find by the Joint Congressional Committee on Atomic Energy that Lilienthal has been a good manager ... (3) repudiation by public opinion of the more sensational testimony before the third Un-American Committee; (4) at least one substantial trial victory for the Department of Justice. This is a large order. But the deep-thinking Democratic politicos think there is a good chance for it.
Despite his stature, according to historian David Nasaw, from the earliest days of their friendship in Washington beginning in the mid-1930s, Krock became so staunch an advocate of Joseph P. Kennedy and his ambitions that he seemed to be all but in the pocket of the powerful millionaire (with one son who would later be U.S. president and two others who would contend for that office). Citing the correspondence between the two men in his authorized, yet highly researched and critically acclaimed, 2012 biography of Joe Kennedy, Professor Nasaw chronicles how it "reveals something quite disturbing, if not corrupt, about Krock's willingness to do Kennedy's bidding, to advise him or write a speech for him, then praise it in his column ..." 
Interestingly, less than two months before the assassination of Joe Kennedy's son, President John F. Kennedy, in his October 3, 1963 "New York Times" column titled "The Intra-Administration War in Vietnam", Krock quoted a high-ranking official in the government as saying: The CIA's growth was 'likened to a malignancy' which the 'very high official was not even sure the White House could control ... any longer.' 'If the United States ever experiences attempted coup to overthrow the Government it will come from the CIA and not the Pentagon. The agency 'represents a tremendous power and total unaccountability to anyone.'
Awards.
Over his 60-year career, Krock won three Pulitzer Prizes:
The organization now explains the special Pulitzer thus: "The Advisory Board on the Pulitzer Prizes as a policy does not make any award to an individual member of the Board. In 1951, the Board decided that the outstanding instance of National Reporting done in 1950 was the exclusive interview with President Truman obtained by Arthur Krock of "The New York Times", while Mr. Krock was a Board member. The Board therefore made no award in the National Reporting category."
He was awarded a French citation for his coverage of the Versailles Peace Conference.
On April 22, 1970, he was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Richard Nixon.
Personal life.
He was married twice, first to Marguerite Pollys, daughter of a Minneapolis railroad official, from 1911 to her death following a long illness in 1938. They had one son, Thomas. In 1939, he wed Martha Granger Blair of Chicago, a divorced society columnist for the "Washington Times-Herald", who had two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="2883755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883755" title="Les Quatre Étoiles">
Les Quatre Étoiles

Les Quatre Etoiles is the Soukous musical group consisting of the Congolese musicians, Bopol Mansiamina, Wuta Mayi, Syran Mbenza and Nyboma.
Their album, "Sangonini", was produced by the renowned African music producer Ibrahim Sylla. The song "Doly", from "Sangoni", enjoyed worldwide popularity, reaching no. 3 in the Colombian music charts. The song "Papy Sodolo", has been covered by Tabu Ley Rochereau, another African musician of note. Another song, "Sangonini", produced in Paris and released in 1993, has also been popular.
Les Quatre Etoiles has also released the albums "Adama Coly" and "Souffrance", as well as "Live in London", a recording of their performance in the UK capital.
Their polished renditions begin in the Soukous tradition, with a slow, harmonious introduction; this then breaks out, again as in the Soukous tradition, into a fast-paced chorus known as the 'sebene' with resonating, repeated electric guitar rhythms in the background, interwoven with a choice assortment of African percussion instruments accompanied by orchestras.
Each of the four members of Les Quatre Etoiles have long established individual musical careers.

</doc>
<doc id="2883760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883760" title="Duncan MacDougall (doctor)">
Duncan MacDougall (doctor)

Dr. Duncan "Om" MacDougall (c. 1866 – October 15, 1920) was an early 20th-century physician in Haverhill, Massachusetts who sought to measure the mass lost by a human when the soul departed the body at death. MacDougall attempted to measure the mass change of six patients at the moment of death. His first subject, the results from which MacDougall felt were most accurate, lost "three-fourths of an ounce", which has since been popularized as "21 grams". Of the four successful measurements he obtained an average weight loss at the moment of death of 15 grams. The total average unaccounted for weight loss in these four subjects was found to be approximately 29 grams.
Ideas about the 'soul'.
In 1901, MacDougall weighed six patients while they were in the process of dying from tuberculosis in an old age home. It was relatively easy to determine when death was only a few hours away, and at this point the entire bed was placed on an industrial sized scale which was reported to be sensitive to "two-tenths of an ounce". He took his results (a varying amount of unaccounted for mass loss in four of the six cases) to support his hypothesis that the 'soul' had mass, and when the 'soul' departed the body, so did this mass. The determination of the 'soul' weighing 21 grams was based on the loss of mass in the first subject at the moment of death.
MacDougall later measured fifteen dogs in similar circumstances and reported the results as "uniformly negative," with no perceived change in mass. He took these results as confirmation that the 'soul' had weight, and that dogs did not have 'souls'. MacDougall's complaints about not being able to find dogs dying of the natural causes that would have been ideal led one author to conjecture that he was in fact sacrificing the experimental animals, as is standard practice in scientific experiments. On March 10, 1907, before MacDougall was able to publish the results of his experiments, "New York Times" broke the story in an article titled "Soul has Weight, Physician Thinks". MacDougall's results were published in April of the same year in the "Journal of the American Society for Psychical Research" and the medical journal "American Medicine".
Reception.
MacDougall's experimental results have been regarded by many as flawed, due to the limitations of the available equipment at the time, a lack of sufficient control over the experimental conditions, and the small sample size. The physicist Robert L. Park raised objections to MacDougall's findings in his book "Superstition: Belief in the Age of Science".
The psychologist Bruce Hood has written "Because the weight loss was not reliable or replicable, his findings were unscientific."

</doc>
<doc id="2883765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883765" title="Arne Norell">
Arne Norell

Arne Norell (1917-1971) was a Swedish furniture designer. In 1958, he founded Möbel AB Arne Norell (today Norell Möbel AB) which still manufactures many of his designs.
In 1973, he was posthumously awarded British Furniture Manufacturer's "Showpiece of the year" award for his chair Ari.

</doc>
<doc id="2883767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883767" title="Bansko (Republic of Macedonia)">
Bansko (Republic of Macedonia)

Bansko ("Банско" in Macedonian) is a small village in the Republic of Macedonia. It is situated in the Strumica Plain, near the Belasica mountain. It is famous for the spa Bansko.

</doc>
<doc id="2883768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883768" title="Julian Goodman">
Julian Goodman

Julian Goodman (May 1, 1922 – July 2, 2012) was an American broadcasting executive and journalist. 
Personal.
He was born in Glasgow, Kentucky. Goodman took a hard stance in support of the first amendment.
Career.
Goodman was known for never asking for a raise or promotion. He started his career as a reporter working $3 a week for The Glasgow Daily Times. He then served in the US Army. After serving in the Army, he moved to Washington. Here he met William McAndrew and was given a job for the night news desk. He served as president of NBC from 1966-1974. Goodman helped establish Chet Huntley and David Brinkley as a well-known news team and led the network from 1966 to 1974. While working for NBC, he negotiated a $1 million deal to retain Johnny Carson as host of "The Tonight Show". He also spent some time attempting to put an end to the Fairness Doctrine.
Goodman was included on the master list of Nixon political opponents.
Family.
Goodman was married to his wife Betty Davis, who was also from Kentucky. Together they had four children, John, Jeffrey, Gregory, and Julie, along with six grandchildren.
Death.
Gooman died on July 2, 2012 at his home in Juno Beach, Florida at the age of 90. The cause of his death was from kidney failure.

</doc>
<doc id="2883774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883774" title="Hananiah">
Hananiah

Hananiah, Hanina, Chaninah, Haninah, Chananiah (Hebrew: חנינא, חנניה) or Greek Ananias may refer to:
Modern era.
A personal name, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2883786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883786" title="Lampros Choutos">
Lampros Choutos

Lampros Choutos (sometimes Lambros) (born 7 December 1979) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a striker.
During his career, he played equal periods of time in his country and Italy.
Club career.
Early years.
Born in Athens, Choutos started his career with Asteras Polygonou, being discovered by scouts of powerhouse Panathinaikos FC. After only two years, he moved to Italy to finish his football grooming with A.S. Roma.
Professionals.
Choutos' first stop as a senior was back in his country, loaned by Roma to Olympiakos FC after stellar performances during the qualifying stages for the 2000 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, as he netted 15 goals in 10 matches. In Olympiakos, under the direction of Italian coach Alberto Bigon, he easily made his way into the first team, forming a productive offensive trio with Slovenia's Zlatko Zahovič and Brazilian Giovanni.
Although he suffered from an injured knee, Choutos managed to score decisive goals, making him one of the team's most popular players. He helped the Piraeus won the 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2003 championships before returning to Italy, with F.C. Internazionale Milano.
Choutos signed a three-year contract with Inter in the 2004 summer, but could never settle there, being constantly loaned to other minor teams, in the country and abroad (Spain's RCD Mallorca, where he quickly fell out of favour with manager Héctor Cúper). He made his competitive Inter debut in the cup, against F.C. Messina Peloro on 9 November 2006, replacing Mariano González in the 78th minute; this happened more than two years after his arrival. He finally left the club at the end of 2006–07.
Choutos returned to his country in that summer, signing with Panionios GSS, but was only eligible to start playing in the following January; he again began experiencing first-team football, and notably scored two of three at Athens Olympic Sports Complex, helping defeat hosts AEK Athens F.C. and collecting the "Man of the Match" award. He finished his half season with 12 goals helping the team reach 6th position and participate in the second stage.
Choutos started his second year in scoring fashion, netting twice against OFK Beograd in the 2008 UEFA Intertoto Cup (3–1 home win, 3–2 on aggregate); however, after a run-in with the club's assistant that supposedly turned physical, the player was forced to leave.
On 2 February 2009, Choutos signed a six-month contract with PAOK FC, appearing in eight scoreless matches. On 25 August, he returned to Italy once again, joining lowly A.S. Pescina Valle del Giovenco for two years. His contract was cancelled in July 2010, after the club was excluded from the Italian football league system due to financial issues.
International career.
Courtesy of his solid U21 performances, Choutos soon made his debut for the Greek full squad, going on to collect 10 caps in four years; he was overlooked for UEFA Euro 2004 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2883792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883792" title="Glacier Peak Wilderness">
Glacier Peak Wilderness

The Glacier Peak Wilderness, created by the US Forest Service in 1960 by efforts of the North Cascades Conservation Council, four years before the 1964 wilderness legislation of the Congress, is located within portions of Chelan County, Snohomish County, and Skagit Counties in the North Cascades of Washington. The area, in size, long and wide, lying within parts of Wenatchee National Forest and Mount Baker National Forest, is characterized by heavily forested stream courses, steep sided valleys, and dramatic glacier-crowned peaks.
Ecology.
Forest vegetation comprises several species of fir, Douglas-fir, hemlock, redcedar as well as stands of mixed pine and Douglas-fir on its eastern slopes. Various species of wildlife inhabit the area and include deer, elk, black bear, mountain goat, cougar, marten, and lynx. Smaller animals, such as field mice are common. The last confirmed Grizzly Bear sighting in the United States portion of the North Cascade ecosystem occurred in this wilderness. The high mountain lakes often give good catches of fish during their ice-free months. The primary fishery is cutthroat trout, however, other species do exist.
Access.
No roads approach Glacier Peak, and one must hike many miles through extremely rough terrain to reach its base. Normally, hikers can reach the volcano from the west via the White Chuck River Valley, or the Suiattle River Valley; from the east, it may be approached from the western tip of Lake Chelan or the White River or Chiwawa River Valleys.
Trail conditions.
Most years the wilderness is still buried under of snow in May. Usually most trails and passes are snow free by mid-August, but this varies from year to year. Snow and cold rain can occur in mid-summer.
Flood damage.
On October 20, 2003, there was a record-setting flood event when over of rain fell on the wilderness. The warm rain melted snow and ice driving massive amounts of water, trees and debris into the rivers. Downstream, roads, bridges, campgrounds and trails were damaged and destroyed. The destruction was particularly devastating to the Pacific Crest Trail (PCT). Eight trail bridges and one stream ford on a section of the trail below Glacier Peak were destroyed. Little or no evidence remains that some of these bridges ever existed. The two most notable losses were bridges over the Upper White Chuck River and the Suiattle River. Both crossings are dangerous fords under the best of conditions. Additionally, five major trails that provided access to the PCT in the area sustained varying degrees of damage from fairly light (North Fork Skykomish Trail) to severe (White Chuck Trail). Kennedy Hot Springs was buried in a mudslide and completely destroyed.
Construction on the Suiattle River road begun in 2013 and is scheduled to be completed by October 2014. (check the USFS website for info)

</doc>
<doc id="2883799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883799" title="Dorothy Masuka">
Dorothy Masuka

Dorothy Masuka is a jazz singer who was born in Bulawayo, Southern Rhodesia in 1935, then called Southern Rhodesia. She was the fourth of seven children and her mother was Zulu while her father was a Zambian hotel chef. Still, she attended a Catholic school deemed good by the standards of education allowed blacks. Her family moved to South Africa when she was twelve due to her health. By the time she was nineteen she was touring in South Africa with singers she had admired as a girl.
Masuka's music was popular in South Africa throughout the 1950s, but when her songs became more serious, the government began questioning her. Her song "Dr. Malan," mentioning difficult laws, was banned and in 1961 she sang a song for Patrice Lumumba which led to her exile. This exile lasted thirty-one years in total. Many of her songs are in the Ndebele language or Sindebele languages.
In August 2011, Dorothy Masuka and Mfundi Vundla, creator of the popular South African soap opera Generations, confirmed plans to make a film of Masuka's life. The film would concentrate on the years 1952 to 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="2883803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883803" title="Ascitans">
Ascitans

The Ascitans (or Ascitae, from the Greek word for a wine-skin), also known as Ascodrogites, were a peculiar sect of 2nd century Christians (Montanists), who produced the practice of dancing round burst wine-skins at their assemblies, saying that they were those new bottles filled with new wine, whereof Jesus makes mention, according to the New American Standard Bible translation, Matthew 9:17:

</doc>
<doc id="2883805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883805" title="List of battleships by country">
List of battleships by country

This table lists all battleships and their predecessors from approximately 1399 onward:<br>
The lists include all ships of the line, turret/barbette ships, pre-dreadnoughts, dreadnoughts, and coastal defence ships. All battleship pages should link from here.
It is divided into 3 eras:<br>
1) 1640-1858 - The advent of the "line-of-battle" tactic where ships would support each other with broadsides rather than meléeing<br>
2) 1859-1905 - Iron replaces wood, steam replaces sail power, rotatable turrets replace fixed cannons, and explosive shells replace cannonballs.<br>
3) 1906-1944 - The advent of "Dreadnought"-type ("all-big-gun") battleships<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2883833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883833" title="HERA-B">
HERA-B

HERA-B was an innovative, but ultimately unsuccessful, particle physics detector of the HERA accelerator at DESY.
Its primary aim was to measure CP violation in the decays of heavy B-mesons in the late 1990s, several years ahead of the Large Hadron Collider and B Factory programs. Unlike most particle physics detectors, the particles were produced not by colliding two circulating beams head-on, nor by slamming the beam into a stationary target, but by moving a thin wire target directly into the waste 'halo' of the circulating proton beam of the HERA accelerator. The beam was unaffected by this 'scraping' but the collision rate produced could be made extremely high, around 5 to 10 million interactions per second (5-10 MHz). A novel scheme for moving the wires and the vertex detectors very close to the beam (less than one centimetre), using a vacuum chamber and motorised 'arms', had to be developed.

</doc>
<doc id="2883838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883838" title="S.S. Virtus Lanciano 1924">
S.S. Virtus Lanciano 1924

Società Sportiva Virtus Lanciano 1924 is an Italian association football club, based in Lanciano, Abruzzo. Lanciano plays in Italy's Serie B since the 2012-2013 season.
History.
The club was founded in 1919 and refounded in 2008 with the current name. 
In the season 2011-12 it was promoted to Serie B for the first time under the guidance of Carmine Gautieri, who also led the team to its debut season in the second tier, ended in a safe mid-table position.
Virtus Lanciano gained national news in end-2013 after the club, now headed by Marco Baroni, surprised the whole country by leading the league table undefeated, against all odds, by the end of October.
Colors and badge.
The team's official colors are red and black.

</doc>
<doc id="2883844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883844" title="Antony Gardner">
Antony Gardner

Antony John Gardner (27 December 1927 – 16 October 2011) was a British Labour Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1966 to 1970.
Gardener was educated at an elementary school and then at Co-operative College and the University of Southampton.
He worked in the engineering industry, then did national service, after which he worked in the building trade until 1953. He was President of the Southampton University Union from 1958 to 1959, and worked as an education officer for the Co-operative Union from 1959 to 1966.
He unsuccessfully contested Wolverhampton South West at the 1964 general election, and was elected at the 1966 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rushcliffe. He was defeated at the 1970 general election by Kenneth Clarke of the Conservative Party. After his defeat, he became the principal information officer of the Central Council for Education and Training in Social Work.
At the February 1974 and October 1974 general elections, Gardner stood unsuccessful in the Beeston constituency.
He moved to the south coast and at the 1994 European Parliament election stood for Labour in Dorset and East Devon. He died on 16 October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2883861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883861" title="Molly Pitcher Club">
Molly Pitcher Club

The Molly Pitcher Club was founded in 1922 as a woman's anti-prohibition organization. They argued that drinking itself was not illegal and so the government should not get involved with a personal and private choice.
History.
The Molly Pitcher Club was created in 1922 by M. Louise Gross to campaign for the repeal of prohibition., which began in the United States in 1920. The organization was named after a Revolutionary War folklore heroine, Molly Pitcher. Molly Pitcher was the name given to women who carried water to men on the battlefield during the American Revolution. The stated purpose of the Molly Pitchers was to prevent "any tendency on the part of our National Government to interfere with the personal habits of the American people except those habits which may be designated as criminal."
Although they had nation aspirations, the group was limited to New York and held meetings at the Ritz Carlton Hotel and Delmonico's. 
In 1923 a group of 120 women from the Molly Pitcher Club arrived in Albany to urge Governor Al Smith to repeal the state prohibition enforcement measure called the Mullan-Gage Act. This march was the Club's largest activity and faded quickly thereafter. Gross explained that the "activities of the Molly Pitcher Club subsided because there was nothing of importance in the prohibition field for it to do."
The Club's attempt to expand its all-female membership was limited by its direct relationship to the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment, which was larger, national, and accepted both men and women.

</doc>
<doc id="2883864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883864" title="Nyboma">
Nyboma

Nyboma Mwan'dido or Nyboma, is a prominent Soukous musician. He was born in Zaire (now known as the Democratic Republic of Congo). 
Nyboma learned to sing as a child in Nioki, 200km north east of the capital, in the church choir. He sang in the school chorus when his family moved to Kinshasa while he was still in primary school. He joined his first band, Baby National, as a professional singer in 1969 at the age of eighteen and later moved to Negro Succes until Bavan Marie-Marie, Franco's brother, died. He then signed with Editions Veve record label and joined one of Zaire's biggest bands Orchestre Bella Bella. He broke away and started a band called Lipua Lipua, with which he scored the hit "Kamale". When he left Lipua Lipua, he called his next band Les Kamale. In the 1970s, Les Kamale was a popular danceband with their hits "Salanga" and "Afida na ngai." In 1979 Nyboma was drafted into African All-Stars in Togo, after the bands' founder Sam Mangwana had left. They recorded the hits "Doublé Doublé" and "Papy Sodolo".
Nyboma has worked with many musical greats from Congo, from Pepe Kalle and others in Empire Bakuba, to Koffi Olomide and his counterparts in Les Quatre Etoiles: Bopol, Syran and Wuta Mayi.
Nyboma’s album "Anicet" was produced by Ibrahim Sylla, and his signature is evident from the polished, multi-layered songs in the album—including a song in which Nyboma pays tribute to Malcolm X (in a song of the same title) and to Pan-Africanism in a song entitled Abissinia (a name for ancient Ethiopia).
Several of his albums are collaborations with Pepe Kalle, Madilu Système, Kamale, Lokassa Ya Mbongo, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2883872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883872" title="Broadhempston">
Broadhempston

Broadhempston is a small village within the Teignbridge District Council Area in the County of Devon in the South West of England ("The West Country"). It comprises 257 houses with a population (total parish) of 641.
It has a good mix of generations with a church, a primary school, two pubs (the Monk's Retreat and the Coppa Dolla) and a shop/post office. The working population tends to work in neighbouring cities and towns such as Torquay, Exeter and Plymouth. There is a higher than average proportion of professional and managerial staff than the national and house ownership, as a measure of prosperity, is also high. Many of the villagers are "incomers" and they now outnumber "natives".
Until the last few years, there were five working farms within the village itself, but, in common with many rural areas, the decline in farming has meant that these are now no longer in business and have become part of the housing pool of the village.
The village is very old, having been founded in Saxon times, although the church itself is more modern, having been built in the 13th century. It suffers from diminishing congregations, although remains a focus for many village activities. The vicar serves four parishes as well as Broadhempston.
The 15th-century almshouse is now an inn. The church has a 13th-century Chancel, and 15th-century arcades, beams and bosses. The fine screen is equally old, but the baptismal font is over 600 years old. Giles Hussey, artist and theorist, is buried in the churchyard.
There is a Community Woodland Project being developed. This currently has public access for pedestrians. They are in the process of developing plans to build the woodland as a community educational resource.
Outline planning permission has been granted for a new Village Hall, which aims to cater for all age groups from the village and surrounding areas. More details can be found on the Broadhempston Village Hall Facebook page.

</doc>
<doc id="2883876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883876" title="Lucan (disambiguation)">
Lucan (disambiguation)

Lucan is the common English name of the Roman poet Marcus Annaeus Lucanus.
Lucan may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2883877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883877" title="Ellen Sauerbrey">
Ellen Sauerbrey

Ellen Sauerbrey (born September 9, 1937) is an American politician from Maryland and the former head of the United States Department of State's Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration. She was nominated to the Bureau in September 2005 by President George W. Bush. On January 4, 2006, Bush placed her in office by way of a recess appointment, bypassing the need for Senate confirmation. Her confirmation was unlikely, given strong objections by some senators. Sauerbrey's recess appointment caused some controversy, however her experience as minority leader in the Maryland House of Delegates and managing a complex US Census project helped rally others to her cause.
Sauerbrey is a 1955 graduate of Towson High School and a 1959 graduate of Western Maryland College, and was a teacher before entering politics. From 1978 to 1994, she was a Republican member of the Maryland House of Delegates, and served as minority leader from 1986 to 1994. Her Committee assignments included the Appropriations Committee; Subcommittee on Education and Transportation; Ways and Means and Economic Matters.
Sauerbrey ran unsuccessfully for Governor of Maryland twice, in 1994 and 1998. She was defeated by Democrat Parris Glendening both times, the first time by a very narrow margin. The 1994 election was in doubt as charges of voter fraud led to a lawsuit by the Sauerbrey campaign to overturn the election, which was ultimately unsuccessful.
In 2002, President Bush nominated Sauerbrey to be Representative to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, of the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador. In that post, Sauerbrey focused mostly on three issues: the need for more education for women, the importance of empowering women economically and politically, and protection of the right to life.
In January 2006, while the Senate was recessed, President Bush appointed Sauerbrey as Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration. It was reported then that this and other such appointments would end at the conclusion of the congressional session in January 2007.
In a January 15, 2007 hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Democratic lawmakers and advocates for refugees called for increased help for fleeing Iraqis. Sauerbrey said a UN-predicted wave of refugees did not occur right after the US-led invasion of Iraq and was instead occurring at that present time.

</doc>
<doc id="2883887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883887" title="Ben Ammi Ben-Israel">
Ben Ammi Ben-Israel

Ben Ammi Ben-Israel () (born October 12, 1939 as Ben Carter in the United States of America) is the Israeli founder and spiritual leader of the African Hebrew Israelites of Jerusalem. 
Biography.
Ben Ammi grew up in Chicago. A co-worker introduced him to the idea that African Americans are descendants of the Biblical Israelites. In his early twenties Carter was given the name Ben Ammi Ben-Israel by Rabbi Reuben of the Congregation of Ethopian Hebrews. In 1963 Ben Ammi founded the A-Beta Hebrew Israel Cultural Center in Chicago in an attempt to organize the varied Black Hebrew Israelite groups in the city.
In 1966, Ben Ammi claims to have received a vision from the angel Gabriel. In the vision, he claimed he was instructed to: "Lead the children of Israel among African Americans to the promised land, and establish the long-awaited Kingdom of God." His followers consider him to be the messiah.
In 1967, Ben Ammi led 350 of his followers to Liberia.After two and a half years, many had lost faith and returned home. At this point he decided to send five families to Israel. Ben Ammi and more of his followers arrived in the ensuing months, settling in Dimona. The group received some resistance from Israeli authorities, who questioned their right to settle in Israel under the Law of Return. In the 1990s the group was granted temporary resident status and, in 2003, permanent residency.
Awards and recognition.
In March 2010, Ben Ammi received a Lifetime Achievement Award in Ghana, West Africa. This award is given out by the Ghanaian Country Awards Council. At the ceremony, the Country Director of CACG (Country Awards Council Ghana) stated that Ben Ammi "has helped bridged the gap between spirituality and development like no other leader before in global history, in the process creating new and progressive options for successfully building communities and projects based on enduring righteous, African cultural principles."

</doc>
<doc id="2883890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883890" title="Proti, Florina">
Proti, Florina

Proti (, Macedonian Slavic: Кладошница, "Kladošnica" or Кабасница, "Kabasnica") is a small village in the Florina regional unit of Macedonia, northern Greece, located approximately 5 kilometres northwest from the city of Florina, to which it belongs administratively.
The village first appears in two chysobulls of the Serbian Tsar Stefan Dušan preserved in the archives of Treskavec monastery near Prilep. The documents, dated to 1343-44 and 1344–45, mention the village under its Aromanian name "Klbasnicu" in connection with a transhumant "route of the Vlachs," a toponym ("vlaški pat") preserved today for a footpath following the crest of a hill to the west of the village. An Ottoman defter of 1481 records eighty households in the village.
At one time a flourishing community of 500 people whose primary occupation was wheat farming, Proti today is an agricultural hamlet of less than 20 people.
There are a number of public buildings in the hamlet. The school, though unused, is in good condition. The church is impeccably maintained. In the rear of the church is the graveyard with many stones that are centuries old.
Proti was ravaged during World War II. Many residents left in the 1950s and 1960s in search of a better life and went to the U.S., Canada, and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2883900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883900" title="Glenn Barr">
Glenn Barr

Albert Glenn Barr, OBE (born 1932), known as Glen Barr, is a former politician from Derry, Northern Ireland who was an advocate of Ulster nationalism. For a time during the 1970s he straddled both Unionism and Loyalism due to simultaneously holding important positions in the Vanguard Progressive Unionist Party and the Ulster Defence Association.
UDA.
Initially a member of a general trade union, Barr first came to prominence at the very start of the Troubles in 1969 when he was involved in an initiative to ensure Protestant workers did not join in strikes called by the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association. He went on to join the Loyalist Association of Workers in the early 1970s and from there became involved in the Ulster Defence Association (UDA). The loose associations of shop stewards that existed in Derry and the surrounding areas formed the basis of the UDA in this area. Indeed it was Barr who served as Brigadier of the North-West Brigade of the UDA, which would later be known as the Londonderry and North Antrim Brigade.
Politics.
Around this time Barr also became involved in politics by joining the Vanguard Progressive Unionist Party (VPUP) and was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly, which had been set up under the Sunningdale Agreement, in 1973. As a result Barr was the only UDA member to serve in either of the two bodies elected in Northern Ireland following the collapse of the Stormont Parliament. However according to Ian S. Wood it had been Barr's profile as a trade unionist and community worker, rather than any UDA connections, that had won him the election.
He soon became a leading figure in the opposition to Sunningdale agreement and effectively led the Ulster Workers' Council strike that brought about the collapse of the new power-sharing government. Barr was chairman of the Ulster Loyalist Central Co-ordinating Committee, a group containing Ulster Workers' Council representatives, politicians and paramilitaries that directed the strike. He would later comment that it would have been feasible to establish a provisional government for an independent Northern Ireland from this body.
Always something of a maverick within Unionist politics, Barr served a three-month suspension from the United Ulster Unionist Council (UUUC) after endorsing the candidacy of Ken Gibson of the Volunteer Political Party for West Belfast in the October 1974 general election despite the Democratic Unionist Party's John McQuade representing the UUUC. During his suspension Barr was part of a UDA delegation that made a fund-raising trip to Libya where they met with Muammar Gaddafi. Barr claimed when he returned that Gaddafi, who at the time was funding the Provisional IRA, had expressed a firm interest in providing money for an independent Northern Ireland. The trip however, on which Barr was accompanied by Tommy Lyttle, Andy Robinson and Harry Chicken, was widely condemned by unionist politicians because of the purportedly left-wing nature of the Gaddafi regime whilst the same reason was used a basis by Charles Harding Smith to launch a loyalist feud against UDA leader Andy Tyrie, whose idea the trip had been. In the course of this feud, Harding Smith placed Barr under a death threat, although nothing came of this as the pro-Tyrie forces quickly dispatched the challenge of Harding Smith.
When the VPUP split after leader William Craig suggested in the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention that he would consider a power-sharing arrangement with the Social Democratic and Labour Party Barr was one of the few leading figures to remain loyal to Craig rather than decamping to Ernest Baird's United Ulster Unionist Party. When the UDA intimated that it did not back Craig's position either Barr tendered his resignation from the paramilitary group. Barr, who had exchanged angry words with Ian Paisley on a few occasions when both men were central to the 1974 strike, publicly distanced himself from the attempted strike organised by Paisley's United Unionist Action Council in 1977. Along with David Trimble he became deputy leader of the Vanguard and held this position until the party dissolution in 1978. He, however, did follow Craig in joining the Ulster Unionist Party and instead returned to his UDA roots.
Return to UDA activity.
Barr had been invited back into the UDA after the failure of the second strike, with a feeling within the movement that he had proven right right with his opposition to the failed initiative and so would be an asset politically to the movement. Following the collapse of Vanguard Barr returned to a leading position in the UDA, becoming involved in the New Ulster Political Research Group (NUPRG). Whilst there, Barr took a leading role in the production of "Beyond the Religious Divide", a document which sought to set out a framework for a move towards eventual independence for Northern Ireland. Barr became increasingly disillusioned with what he saw as the callousness of unionist politicians towards their electorate, and the blind loyalty of that electorate. He commented: "They could have sent a donkey with a Union Jack tied to its tail up the Shankill Road, and we would have voted for it." Barr was also chosen to break the self-imposed media blackout adopted by the NUPRG in late 1978 when he gave an interview to the Irish political magazine "Magill" during which he put forward the case for independence.
The UDA, however, failed to recommend the proposals to its members and, as a result, Barr drifted away from the NUPRG, leaving politics altogether in 1981 to return to community work in Derry. Barr also had a somewhat fractious relationship with the NUPRG's chairman John McMichael and following Barr's retirement McMichael changed the group, abandoning Barr's pet project of establishing a cross-community Northern Ireland Negotiated Independence Association, and instead set up the Ulster Loyalist Democratic Party.
Later years.
Barr set up a scheme for disadvantaged young people by which they would receive low-wage employment and training under the government's ACE scheme (later called the New Deal). Both Barr and Paddy Doherty, who established a similar scheme in the Catholic Bogside area, would eventually face criticism for what became known colloquially "ACE empires" as both employed very high numbers of youths on these poorly paid training schemes.
Barr briefly emerged from his political retirement in 1994 when he joined his old friend from the strike Andy Tyrie in heading up an initiative to gain funding for the Ulster Democratic Party. He appeared set for a more active return in 1998 when he took up a seat on the Parades Commission, a move roundly condemned by nationalists, given Barr's UDA past, and one that saw resignations from the board in protest. Ultimately, however, Barr himself resigned on 24 April 1998, along with loyalist Tommy Cheevers not long after the Commission had banned an Apprentice Boys parade from the nationalist lower Ormeau Road. No longer involved in politics, Barr continues to work on community projects in Derry, running the Maydown Youth Training Project Ltd, which seeks to alleviate the high levels of unemployment amongst the young in the Derry. He has also worked closely with Paddy Harte, a former Irish Government minister, on promoting awareness of Irish Catholic participation in both World Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="2883902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883902" title="Video Italia">
Video Italia

Video Italia is an Italian television channel owned by "Gruppo Radio Italia". With Radio Italia Solo Musica Italiana, it telecasts Italian music videos and concerts on SKY Italia channel 712.

</doc>
<doc id="2883908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883908" title="LSWR O2 class">
LSWR O2 class

The LSWR O2 Class is a class of 0-4-4T steam locomotive designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams. Sixty were constructed during the late nineteenth century.
Background.
Adams was presented with the problem of a greatly increasing volume of commuter traffic experienced with the suburbanisation of London during the 1880s. This was exacerbated by the fact that there were few locomotive classes in the LSWR stable that could undertake commuter traffic at the desired level of efficiency. The LSWR therefore required a locomotive with attributes of power and compactness, with a small wheel size to gain acceleration on intensive timetables. Adams settled upon the 0-4-4T wheel arrangement to provide the basis of what was to become the O2 Class.
Construction history.
The second of William Adam's 0-4-4 designs, the O2 Class was a development of his previous T1 class of 1888. The brief behind the design was to create a locomotive capable of mixed-traffic operations, a characteristic dictated by the relatively small wheel diameter and smaller cylinders, effectively to replace the obsolete Beattie Well Tank. As a result, a compact locomotive with high route availability was produced, a factor that would be essential during the later career of the class.
Production began in 1889, with the first 20 being constructed at the LSWR's Nine Elms works. The success of the locomotive ensured that a second batch of 30 locomotives was ordered the next year. A final batch of ten was constructed by 1895.
Operational History (Mainland).
1889–1922: LSWR.
The class was initially used intensively on London suburban services, but began to be replaced on these as early as 1897 by the introduction of the more powerful Drummond M7 and T1 classes. As a result the O2s were cascaded to lighter services, and became distributed throughout the LSWR system, being of particular use on restricted branch lines due to their relatively low weight and short wheelbase.
1923–1948: Southern Railway.
All of the O2s survived to be taken into Southern Railway ownership after the Grouping in 1923.
They continued to be used across the former LSWR network, however, electrification and the introduction of more modern types started to make them redundant. This allowed the Southern Railway to send the first 2 spare examples across to the Isle of Wight (see below). Other redundant mainland locomotives were withdrawn, with eight going in the 1930s, and four more in the 1940s.
1948–1967: British Railways.
Despite the early withdrawals, a number of O2s lasted well into BR days, working various branch lines until closure began to take place in the late 1950s and early 1960s. As a result, the mainland O2s became redundant and the last to go was number 30225 in 1962.
Isle of Wight.
The class is usually best associated with the Isle of Wight railway system, with the Isle of Wight Central Railway making enquires as to the possibility of purchasing some class members in the early twentieth century. This plan, however, fell through, and it was not until after Grouping in 1923, that the newly formed Southern Railway was forced to resolve the desperate locomotive power situation on the Isle of Wight.
The opportunity to resolve this problem presented itself when electrification of the LSWR's suburban network meant a cascade of newer, more powerful designs such as the M7s and T1s into the O2's rural strongholds. As a result, several O2s became surplus to mainland requirements. Two of these spare engines were modified at Eastleigh works, with the addition of a Westinghouse Air Brake to allow compatibility with the Isle of Wight coaching stock. These two O2s were shipped across the Solent in 1923 and trialed extensively on services across the island, but particularly the intensive Ryde-Ventnor line services, where they proved to be highly successful. Further engines were then shipped across in small batches throughout the 1920s and 1930s.
The final two O2s were sent over in 1949, after Nationalisation, resulting in a total of 23 locomotives on the island. Due to tunnel restrictions at Ventnor, none of the final series of 10 with the higher cab roofs were sent to the island. Because of their compact nature, they proved ideal for island duties, although the problem of the lack of adequate coal bunker space hampered the class. This meant that from 1932, a much larger extended bunker was fitted to W19 (formerly 206), and this design subsequently became the standard for all the island locomotives.
After the withdrawal of the last LB&SCR E1 class in 1960, the O2 became the single locomotive class on the island. They survived in service until the end of steam services on the Island, with an O2 operating the final train on 31 December 1966.
Two, numbers W24 "Calbourne" and W31 "Chale" were retained to work engineers trains during the electrification of the surviving Ryde to Sandown line. Both were withdrawn on completion of the electrification project in March 1967.
Livery, names and numbering.
LSWR.
Initially outshopped in early LSWR passenger Yellow Ochre/Brown livery with the initials 'LSW' on the water tank sides.
This was eventually superseded by the later LSWR Passenger Sage Green livery, with black edging and black and white lining. Numbering was in gilt, as was the 'LSWR' lettering on the water tank side.
Only a solitary mainland locomotive ever carried a name in service, number 185 "Alexandria" for a short period between 1890 and 1896.
Southern Railway.
In Southern Railway days the O2s were painted in Maunsell lined Olive Green and then subsequently Bulleid Malachite Green with Sunshine lettering.
The LSWR numbers were retained by the Southern Railway, with mainland locomotives allocated numbers in the series between 177 to 236.
Locomotives on the Isle of Wight were renumbered in a separate sequence with the prefix "W" and taking the next available number, or the number of the withdrawn locomotive they were sent over to replace. Eventually those on the island occupied the entire sequence between W14 and W36.
All the O2s allocated to the Isle of Wight were named after places on the island.
British Railways.
The class was given the Power Classification of 0P, and initially carried the Southern livery with the addition of 'British Railways' on the water tank sides, though this was promptly changed to the BR Standard Mixed-Traffic Black livery with red and white lining.
The Isle of Wight's unique numbering system was retained on the BR examples on the island, along with the names.
The mainland complement were renumbered by the addition of 30000 to their existing Southern Railway numbers to give a new number in the 30177 to 30236 sequence.
Preservation.
The two Isle of Wight locomotives used on engineering trains survived long enough for preservation attempts to be made. The attempt to preserve W31 failed, and it was scrapped in 1967.
"W24 Calbourne", was bought by the Wight Locomotive Society, which in 1971 moved its headquarters to Havenstreet and became the Isle of Wight Steam Railway. Calbourne is in operating condition following the completion of her recent overhaul, and hauls tourist trains over the line between Smallbrook Junction and Wootton.
Calbourne is the only surviving O2 locomotive, the rest of the class were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="2883915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883915" title="Cihuatlán">
Cihuatlán

Cihuatlán is a coastal municipality in the Mexican state of Jalisco. Its main city is also named Cihuatlán. It existed when the Spanish first seized Mexico from the Aztecs and was fittingly allowed to retain its name, which in the nahuat language means "place of women".
Etymology.
The word Cihuatlán is compounded of two words of nahuatl origin, a language spoken in Central Mexico since the seventh century AD and the language of the Aztecs: "Zihua", woman, and "Tlán" place; therefore Cihuatlán means "place of women".
History.
The town was founded on the Marabasco river, and at the time of the Spanish conquest its population was about 500 women and only 20 men. The first Spanish expedition to the Jalisco coastal zone was led by Gonzalo de Sandoval and in a message from Hernán Cortés to the King of Spain, dated 1528, it is mentioned that the Province of Cihuatlán was, indeed, a 'place of women'. It also had valuables such as gold and pearls.
By decree of the President of the Republic of Mexico, on December 16, 1825, the harbour Barra de Navidad was rebuilt in order to accommodate local and foreign trade.
Coat of arms.
The Cihuatlán coat of arms is in a French style with cross-sectioning. In the upper right section is the image of a pre-Hispanic woman's head. In the upper left section is a ship sailing on the sea. In the bottom right section is a religious building and in the bottom left section, a view of a fertile valley.

</doc>
<doc id="2883923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883923" title="De Lisle College">
De Lisle College

De Lisle College (formerly De Lisle Roman Catholic Comprehensive School, then De Lisle Catholic Science College and sometimes called De Lisle School) is a co-educational secondary school with academy status in Loughborough, Leicestershire, England. At the time of its 2000 Ofsted inspection it had 1,223 pupils including 160 in the sixth form. It was designated as a science specialist school in 2003. In 2007, the LEA announced that it would charge all of those who travel to De Lisle on school buses as it was judged that Catholic children should not be entitled to free travel outwith the catchment area of their locals schools, at great taxpayers expense, for the purpose of attending a specialised faith school. Until 2012, the Roman Catholic Church subsidised the rising fees of school transport but had to withdraw in 2012 due to cuts. It draws the majority of its pupils from seven local Catholic primary schools, including Bishop Ellis, Sacred Heart, St Mary's, St Winefride's, St. Clare's, St Francis and Holy Cross.
School traditions and other information.
The School logo is a Stag, as reference to the deer which once roamed the land the school is built on, before it was given to the County by local landowner Ambrose March Philips De Lisle, from whom the school also takes its name. 
The School Latin motto, "Quod justum, non quod utile" is often translated as "do what is right, not what is easy" but literally translates to "what is fair, not what is useful."
The School has seven houses, all of which are named after individuals who have had a profound religious effect. The houses are Nelson Mandela (black), Oscar Romero (red), Anne Frank (orange), Basil Hume (pink), St. Bernadette (yellow), Mother Teresa (blue) and Martin Luther King (green).
School buildings.
On site facilities include a swimming pool, healthy-food and drink vending machines, a cashless vending system operated by the users thumbprint and personal code and a library.
Circling the perimeter of the school buildings (not counting the front field) three times is roughly 1 mile, as proved by the entire school running the "Sport Relief Mile" in 2008. 
The school retains all of its original 1950s structures, however inside these are quite aged now and extensive renovation work has been put into the Science rooms, giving them a complete refit, the Art and Design & Technology rooms, (in some cases completely remodelling them). In most areas of the school, the original brass light switches can be found still in use.
New buildings.
At the end of the 1990s, The Modern Foreign Languages block was built separately from the other school buildings next to the swimming pool, allowing the department to have its own buildings and rooms instead of moving between empty ones of another subject. This was dubbed the "New Block", but has now reverted to "Languages Block" with the rooms losing the "N" prefix to be replaced by the "L" (e.g. L2). In 2003/4 the Humanities block was built as an add-on to the science buildings, which gave the humanities department a lot more breathing room and moved them from the upstairs of the Science department, allowing the Science department to branch out. 
Two mobile classrooms have also been built taking up small portions of what used to be the main playground. These were intended as temporary units for classroom overflow, but have since become much more permanent, with new ramps and such to the doors. There are two rooms in each unit. The rooms have been recently refurbished and are now home to year 7 creating a fun and bright environment. There are now 4 mobiles, split in half to make 8 classrooms. To non-year 7 students, the mobiles serve as classrooms for an all-round general purpose, from English to Business Studies.
Sport department.
There is also at least one sports club or event going on at the students lunch break and after school either at the college or away. The sports department at De Lisle is headed by Mr P J Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="2883928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883928" title="October Incident">
October Incident

The , also known as the , was an abortive coup d'état attempt in Japan, on 21 October 1931, launched by the "Sakurakai" secret society within the Imperial Japanese Army, aided by civilian ultranationalist groups.
Background and History.
Having failed to replace the government with a totalitarian state socialist military dictatorship in the abortive coup d'etat of the March Incident of March 1931, Lieutenant Colonel Kingoro Hashimoto of the "Sakurakai" and his ultranationalist civilian supporters, including Shūmei Ōkawa resolved to try again in October 1931.
Soon after the Japanese invasion of Manchuria by the Kwantung Army without prior authorization from the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff Office and over the ongoing objections of the Japanese civilian government, Captain Isamu Chō returned secretly to Japan (without orders) from North China to lead the plot to “prevent the government from squandering the fruits of our victory in Manchuria”. He was able to recruit the support of 120 members of the "Sakurakai", ten companies of troops from the Imperial Guards and ten bomber aircraft from the Imperial Japanese Navy.
The main elements of the plot included:
However, younger elements within the conspiracy came to doubt their leaders and seceded from the plot. In addition there were leaks which reached War Minister, General Jirō Minami. The latter requested General Sadao Araki to pacify the malcontents. Araki there upon attempted to reason with Hashimoto and Chō, but they refused to abandon their scheme and Araki had them arrested by the "Kempeitai" on 17 October 1931.
The punishments for this abortive coup were even milder than for the previous the March Incident, as General Minami publicly excused the plot as simply an excess of patriotic zeal. Hashimoto was sentenced to 20 days house arrest, Chō to 10 days, and the other ringleaders were simply transferred.
Consequences.
The October Incident, also known more elegantly as the "Imperial Colors Incident" thus ended in apparent failure, and resulted in the dissolution of the "Sakurakai". However, the lightness of the punishments only encouraged more attempted military intervention in the government, cumulating with the February 26 Incident of 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="2883929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883929" title="Military Academy Incident">
Military Academy Incident

The ', also known as the ' was an attempted coup d'état that took place in Japan in November 1934. It was one of a sequence of similar conspiracies for a 'Shōwa Restoration' led by radical elements with the Imperial Japanese Army. 
Background and History.
The failed coup attempts in 1931 (the March Incident and the Imperial Colors Incident) by the " Sakurakai ", a secret society within the junior ranks of the Imperial Japanese Army officer corps promoting a vision of a militaristic totalitarian, state socialist system as an alternative to the current corrupt party politics dominated democratic government, inspired similar plans by other groups within the military.
In 1934, a group of five Imperial Japanese Army Academy cadets led by two army officers belonging to the radical militarist Imperial Way Faction at the academy, troubled by the perceived loss of influence of their faction over the military following the dismissal of Army Minister Sadao Araki in January 1934, formulated their own plan for overthrowing the government. However, in early November 1934, Sato, one of the cadets, informed the government authorities about the plan and its Imperial Way Faction involvement. 
Forewarned, Captain Tsuji Masanobu, company commander at the Army Academy, arranged the arrest of the principals by the "Kempeitai" on 20 November 1934, ending the possible coup d'état before it could even get started. For lack of evidence, the accused could not be convicted; but the five cadets were expelled from the Academy in March 1935, and the two officers, Muranaka and Isobe were suspended for six months from duty in April 1935. 
When the suspended officers Muranaka and Isobe later distributed pamphlets entitled "Remonstrance for the Restoration of Military Discipline" (otherwise known as "Views on the Housecleaning of the Army"), they were dismissed from the service outright in August 1935.
The Aizawa Incident.
The Imperial Way Faction believed that Sato had been acting as a spy for Captain Tsuji all along, and that the whole affair was a trap laid by their rivals, the "Toseiha" faction to discredit General Jinzaburo Mazaki, the Inspector-General of Military Education, as the incident led to General Mazaki’s dismissal.
In retaliation, in what came to be known as the , an Imperial Way Faction officer, Lieutenant Colonel Saburo Aizawa, assassinated Mazaki’s successor, Toseiha faction Major General Tetsuzan Nagata on 12 August 1935, cutting him down with his sword in his office. Nagata was posthumously promoted to lieutenant general, and Aizawa was shot by firing squad after a court martial held by the IJA 1st Division based in Tokyo. Army Minister Senjuro Hayashi was also forced to resign over the affair.
Consequences.
The Military Academy Incident and the Aizawa Incident were indicative of the increasing politicization and political polarization of the Japanese military, and an increasing tendency to resolve political differences through force. The lack of action within the military leadership to suppress these tendencies, and the powerlessness of the civilian elected government over the military were contributing factors that led to the subsequent February 26 Incident.

</doc>
<doc id="2883935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883935" title="Paul DiGaetano">
Paul DiGaetano

Paul DiGaetano (born October 28, 1953) served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 36th legislative district from 1992 – 2006 and from 1986 – 1987. DiGaetano also served as a member of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Commission, the Legislative Service Commission and the New Jersey Commission on Science and Technology. DiGaetano originally represented Passaic, New Jersey, but moved to Nutley, New Jersey following his 1999 re-election (DiGaetano believed that, when the new legislative districts would be redrawn following the 2000 U.S. Census, Passaic would be split from District 36 and he wanted to ensure that he would keep his seat if it came to that). He served with John Kelly of Nutley for many years in the Assembly, but for his last two terms in office he served as part of a split ticket; Wood-Ridge, New Jersey mayor Paul Sarlo was elected to Kelly's seat in 2001 and after Sarlo moved to the State Senate Frederick Scalera of Nutley was elected in 2003 to replace him. 
In 2005, DiGaetano did not run for re-election in the split 36th District, choosing instead to run for the Republican nomination for governor. DiGaetano came in a distant sixth in the primary election with 16,684 votes, well behind winner Doug Forrester who received 108,941. On Election Day, November 8, 2005, Democrat Frederick Scalera, who joined the Assembly in 2003, retained his seat and running mate Gary Schaer was victorious, picking up DiGaetano's open seat for the Democrats.
Paul DiGaetano was a member of the Passaic City Council from 1981 – 1996, serving as its President from 1991 – 1993. He was the Assembly's Republican Leader from 2002 – 2003 and the Majority Leader from 1996 – 2001.
During his legislative career, DiGaetano pushed many measures that served the public’s interest, such as the HMO right-to-sue legislation, mandatory health insurance coverage for women’s cervical cancer tests, lightening the tax burden on New Jersey’s working poor and cutting taxes more than fifty times. DiGaetano worked on legislation to create Urban Enterprise Zones, protect children from sexual predators, toughen rape penalties, reform binding arbitration, create New Jersey’s first ever cord blood resource center, secure funding to purchase enhanced testing equipment for newborn infants. As Assemblyman, he sponsored the Senior Gold Prescription Discount Program, authored the Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001, sponsored the creation of a conservation trust fund to protect the New Jersey Meadowlands and Watershed, and authored the Brownfields Redevelopment Act.
DiGaetano received a B.S. degree from the University of Notre Dame in Aerospace Engineering. He is President of J. DiGaetano and Sons Inc., a construction and development company.
District 36.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 36th Legislative District for the 2004–2006 legislative session were:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2883940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883940" title="Sean Dawkins">
Sean Dawkins

Sean Russell Dawkins (born February 3, 1971) is a former American college and professional football player who was a wide receiver in National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons. He played college football for the University of California, Berkeley, and was recognized as an All-American. A first-round draft pick in the 1993 NFL Draft, he played professionally for the Indianapolis Colts, New Orleans Saints, Seattle Seahawks and Jacksonville Jaguars of the NFL.
Early years.
Dawkins was born in Red Bank, New Jersey, but later lived in Sunnyvale, California. He distinguished himself as a wide receiver at Homestead High School in Cupertino, California.
College career.
He earned an athletic scholarship to attend the University of California, Berkeley, where he played for the California Golden Bears football team. While at Cal, Dawkins used his speed and size (6 feet 4 inches, 215 pounds) to establish himself as one of the country's most dangerous deep threats. His first two seasons at California were unqualified successes for him personally, as well as his Golden Bear teammates. In 1990, California won their first Bowl Game since 1938, defeating Wyoming in the Copper Bowl. The following season, the Bears dominated nationally ranked Clemson in the Citrus Bowl, which earned them the No. 7 ranking in the final CNN/"USA Today" Coaches Poll, their highest finish since 1950. It also marked the first time in school history that California won bowl games in consecutive seasons. 
The 1992 season, however, included a new coach. After transforming the California program from a laughingstock into a national power, coach Bruce Snyder left Berkeley for Arizona State and was replaced by Keith Gilbertson. Gilbertson's squad struggled to a 4-7 record in 1992, but Dawkins was one bright spot in an otherwise forgettable year. Dawkins was recognized a consensus first-team All-American after the season in 1992, an honor which encouraged him to forgo his senior season and enter the NFL Draft.
Professional career.
He was selected in the first round of the 1993 NFL Draft by the Indianapolis Colts as the 16th overall pick and the second wide receiver chosen. In his third season with the Colts, Indianapolis won two playoff games before falling to the Pittsburgh Steelers in the AFC Championship game. He would play in two more playoff games in his career, but both were losses. 
After one season in New Orleans, Dawkins signed as a free agent with the Seattle Seahawks in 1999. He enjoyed his finest personal year in 1999 when he caught 58 passes for 992 yards. After two campaigns with Seattle, Dawkins spent his final year with the Jacksonville Jaguars. His career was clearly on the decline by that point, as he made only 20 catches with the Jaguars that season. Before the 2002 season, he signed with the Minnesota Vikings, however he was released at the final cutdown and never played in the NFL again.
Life after football.
Dawkins pursued a career in real estate in Sacramento, California, and later trained to become a police officer in San Jose, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2883942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883942" title="Cheats (film)">
Cheats (film)

Cheats is a 2002 comedy about four friends that have been cheating their way through high school, and have to face new challenges to avoid getting caught before going to college. The lead roles are Trevor Fehrman, Matthew Lawrence, and Mary Tyler Moore.
The original name of the movie was "Cheaters" but was thought to be confused with the movie "Cheaters" starring Jeff Daniels. The real Applebee refused to take part in the 18 minute DVD special feature documentary based on the actual Cheats, and as such his name had to be censored whenever used.
Plot summary.
While other kids at the elite North Point Academy spend countless hours studying, Handsome Davis sees it as nothing more than a system of control over your mind. That's why Handsome and his three best friends Sammy, Victor and the cribsheet genius Applebee have banded together and found ways to cheat on their tests all through their school years. Everything had been going along smoothly until the gang entered their final year of high school and the stakes were upped by the school's principal, Mrs. Stark. If they get caught cheating again Stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college. But can Handsome convince his pals to pull off one last, great cheat with him and outsmarting Stark and the system, even if it means possibly destroying their friendships?
Documentary.
On the DVD edition there is an 18 minute documentary, showing people on whose real life events story is based, more than 10 years before.

</doc>
<doc id="2883943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883943" title="The Plugz">
The Plugz

Early history.
The band was formed in 1977 and was a contemporary of the bands featured in The Decline of Western Civilization. Their songs reflected the anger and angst of growing up Chicano, and this was reflected in their sardonic hi-speed version of Ritchie Valens' "La Bamba". The Plugz are generally acknowledged as being the first D.I.Y. punk band in L.A., having started their own PLUGZ RECORDS and later Fatima records.
Line up.
The band was initially composed of:
This lineup recorded the band's first album, "Electrify Me" (1979).
After McBride left (sometime in 1979-80), he was replaced by John Curry from The Flyboys, but left to form Choir Invisible less than a year later. Larriva and Curry wrote the title track to the second album Better Luck. The musicians on the band's second album, "Better Luck" (1981), were:
Guests:
Tony Marsico joined the band in late 1980, and Steven Hufsteter began playing lead guitar with the group in 1984.
With the addition of Steven Hufsteter on lead guitar, The Plugz also feature prominently on the soundtrack to the movie Repo Man. The group performed "Hombre Secreto," a Spanish version of Johnny Rivers' "Secret Agent Man", along with original instrumental background music for the film. Both "Hombre Secreto" and "Reel Ten" (the instrumental soundtrack for "Repo Man"), featured Hufsteter on lead guitar.
The Plugz accompanied Bob Dylan on his appearance on "Late Night with David Letterman" on 22 March 1984 for three songs: "Don't Start Me Talkin'" (by Sonny Boy Williamson), "Jokerman", and "Licence to Kill".
In 1984, "The Plugz" name was retired and the three members continued as the Cruzados with Steven Hufsteter.
The Plugz reunited the three founding members for The Masque 30th Anniversary Party and Book Release show on November 11, 2007 at The Echoplex in the Echo Park district of Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2883945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883945" title="William Barlow (geologist)">
William Barlow (geologist)

William Barlow FRS (8 August 1845 – 28 February 1934) was an English amateur geologist specialising in crystallography.
He was born in Islington, in London, England. His father became wealthy as a speculative builder as well as a building surveyor, allowing William to have a private education. After his father died in 1875, William and his brother inherited this fortune, allowing him to pursue his interest in crystallography without a need to labour for a living.
William examined the forms of crystalline structures, and deduced that there were only 230 forms of symmetrical crystal arrangements, known as space groups. His results were published in 1894, after they had been independently announced by Evgraf Fedorov and Arthur Schönflies, although his approach did display some novelty. His structural models of simple compounds such as NaCl and CsCl were later confirmed using X-ray crystallography.
He served as the president of the English Mineralogical Society from 1915 until 1918.
He died in Great Stanmore, Middlesex, England.

</doc>
<doc id="2883949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883949" title="History of S.S. Juve Stabia">
History of S.S. Juve Stabia

The history of Società Sportiva Juve Stabia officially started in 2002, following the bankrupt in 2001 of "S.S. Juventus Stabia", based in Castellammare di Stabia, Campania. The first incarnation of the club was founded in 1907 as Stabia Sporting Club and has been refounded in 1933 as "F.C. Stabiese". Since 1953 "Juventus Stabia", the second club of the city is become the main team; in 2002 the new company after the bankruptcy of the year before has acquired the sports title of Comprensorio Nola.
Currently, Juve Stabia plays in Serie B where it has already played in the season 1951-52 as "A.C. Stabia". 
The nickname of the team is "Le vespe" (The Wasps).
From 1907 to 1953.
From Stabia S.C. to F.C. Stabiese.
On 19 March 1907 Weiss, the Romano brothers and Pauzano, founded the club Stabia Sporting Club. Originally it was a sporting club that participated in fencing, cycling, running, swimming and rowing.
By 1911, the footballing section of the club first started activity. The first officially reported game took place on 12 February 1911 against a team from Torre Annunziata, which is around four miles away. The match itself took place on the field of ""le Montagnelle"" near Boscotrecase, it finished 3–0 to Stabia. This was reported in the Neapolitan daily paper ""Il Mattino"".
Stabia played local games at this point, a notable 0–0 draw was achieved against the more famous Naples on 1 February 1914, the squad that day included; Dell’Aquila, Schettino, Celoro, De Rosa, Laugeri ("captain"), Amato, Weiss, Pauzano, Romano I°, Romano II° and Cappa. Around this period Stabia also played a match against the crew of English ship HMS Black Prince, with the English winning 11–1.
Stabia enters the league.
During 1916, Stabia entered into league competitions for the first time. They were entered into the old Terza Category (today's equivalent is Serie C), Stabia reached the semi-finals before losing 5–1 to Campanian rivals Savoia. Play was halted for World War I, but after it in 1919 the club was refounded thanks largely to Vincenzo Bonifacio. The first game after refounding was a friendly against a team of English sailors who called themselves War Lion, Stabia were victorious, winning the game 6–0. In Castellammare di Stabia a club was founded during August 1919, called "Sport Club War", this was merged with Stabia S.C. by 1920.
Stabia were entered into the Prima Categoria Campania, here they competed against the top clubs from the Campania region. The club finished 6th out of seven clubs, the most memorable result of which was a 4–0 victory away against Salernitana. They returned the following season in 1922–23, where the Campania section was down to five teams; they finished 3rd in their region, behind Savoia and Internaples, thus meaning they did not go any further in the competition that season.
Around this period Scarselli, Coppola and Pausano obtained the land for Stabia where the "Stadio Romeo Menti" would much later be built. After playing at the top level of the Italian Championship, they spent some time in the "Seconda Categoria" and then in 1929 they dropped down to the third level of Italian football. 
The club in 1930 was renamed F.C. Stabiese and in 1933 it has declared bankrupt.
On 1933 A.C. Stabia.
Stabia was refounded as A.C. Stabia by Salvatore Russo in 1933. 
The 1936–37 season was a successful one for the club, they went through the season undefeated and won the "Prima Divisione", the "Coppa di Natale" and the "Direttoriwhich waso Regionale"; the latter of achieved with a 5–1 victory over Casertana. Around this period, Stabia joined the organization "Ludi Fascisti Stabiesi", the president was the Amilcare Sciarretta, a civil employee of the Banca d'Italia.
In the season 1951-52 it has played in Serie B.
In 1953 it has declared bankrupt.
From 1953 to 2001.
S.S. Juventus Stabia, a new main team.
In 1953 the second club of the town Società Sportiva Juventus Stabia, founded in 1945 becomes so the main team of Castellamare di Stabia and inherits the sporting tradition of the former club. 
The Juventus part of the name is taken from the famous Turin club Juventus, who were particularly successful during the early part of the 1930s; the word is Latin for youth.
In 1996 the club was renamed AC Juve Stabia.
The club has declared bankrupt in 2001.
The football in Castellammare di Stabia now.
From Comprensorio Stabia to S.S. Juve Stabia.
On 2002 the club was refounded as Comprensorio Stabia renamed in 2003 with the current name. It was promoted to Serie C2 and in Serie C1.
On 2008 the football club passes into the hands of Francesco Giglio and Franco Manniello. They bring in three years the Juve Stabia playing in Serie B after 59 years, and also to win the Coppa Italia Lega Pro, 2010-11 edition. 
In 2011-12 Juve Stabia is ranked in 9th place of the Serie B, thanks to the excellent performance of Sau, Cazzola, Erpen and many others. It is saved the following year with the 16th place of the Serie B.

</doc>
<doc id="2883958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883958" title="Republican Citizens Committee Against National Prohibition">
Republican Citizens Committee Against National Prohibition

The Republican Citizens Committee Against National Prohibition was established shortly before the 1932 Republican National Convention to pressure the party to support the repeal of prohibition. Key members included Joseph H. Choate, Jr., Henry Bourne Joy, Thomas W. Phillips, Raymond Pitcairn, and Lammot du Pont.

</doc>
<doc id="2883968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883968" title="Pedalfer">
Pedalfer

Pedalfer is composed of aluminum and iron oxides. It is a subdivision of the zonal soil order comprising a large group of soils in which sesquioxides increase relative to silica during soil formation. Pedalfers usually occur in humid areas. It is not used in the current United States system of soil classification but the term commonly shows up in college geology texts. 
Pedalfers have three subdivisions of which one is Lateritic soils.
Pedalfer is a formative element in the United States soil taxonomic system for the Alfisols soil order. "Alf" is the formative element in the Alfisol name, and refers to aluminium (Al) and iron (Fe).

</doc>
<doc id="2883980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883980" title="David H. Goodell">
David H. Goodell

David Harvey Goodell (May 6, 1834 – January 22, 1915) was an American inventor, manufacturer, and Republican politician from Antrim, New Hampshire. 
Goodell was born to Jesse R. Goodell on May 6, 1834 in Hillsborough, New Hampshire.
Family life.
Goodell married Hannah J. Plummer of Goffstown, New Hampshire on September 1, 1857. They had two sons D. Dana Goodell and Richard C. Goodell. 
Business career.
In 1875 Goodell began and operated the Goodell company in Antrim. 
Political career.
From 1876 to 1878 Goodell represented Antrim in the New Hampshire House of Representatives, and was member of the Governor's Council in 1882. In November of 1888 he was elected as the Governor. 
Goodell died in 1915 in Antrim.

</doc>
<doc id="2883981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2883981" title="The Desert Rose Band">
The Desert Rose Band

The Desert Rose Band was a US country rock band from California founded by Chris Hillman (formerly of the Byrds and the Flying Burrito Brothers) along with Herb Pedersen and John Jorgenson in 1985. Rounding out the original lineup were Bill Bryson on bass guitar, Jay Dee Maness on pedal steel guitar, and Steve Duncan on drums. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, the band charted several hit singles on the US "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts until disbanding in February 1994.
Formation.
The Desert Rose Band was formed in 1985 by frontman Chris Hillman, formerly a member of The Byrds, and later co-founder, along with Gram Parsons, of the country-rock band Flying Burrito Brothers. Additional members included John Jorgenson, who was mainly responsible for the instrumental arrangements of the songs; Herb Pedersen for the vocal arrangements. Herb sang the high tenor part above Chris' tenor and each Desert Rose Band album featured Herb on one lead vocal. Drummer Steve Duncan and bassist Bill Bryson provided background vocals. Pedal steel player Jay Dee Maness rounded out the group.
Career.
1987-1988: "The Desert Rose Band".
Their eponymous debut album was issued in 1987 on MCA/Curb. It contained their first hit "Ashes of Love" which was a Johnnie & Jack song from the early 1950s. It was the second time Hillman and Pederson recorded "Ashes of Love," the first being on Hillman's just prior album "Desert Rose" on the Sugar Hill label. The Desert Rose Band's debut also featured a remake of Chris Hillman's "Time Between" which he previously recorded as a member of the Byrds, as well as the band's first chart-topper "He's Back and I'm Blue".
1988-1989: "Running".
Their second album "Running" (1988) featured the John Hiatt-penned hit "She Don't Love Nobody", "Running", and a remake of Buck Owens's "Hello Trouble".
1989-1990: "Pages of Life" and Jay Dee Maness departure.
The third album "Pages of Life" featured a remake of "Desert Rose" as well as a remake of Pedersen's folk song about his daughter "Our Baby's Gone" which was originally recorded on his 1976 album "Southwest". Jay Dee Maness left the band in 1990 and was replaced on pedal steel guitar by Tom Brumley whom Jay Dee replaced in the Buckaroos. Jay Dee Maness would again play with Chris Hillman and Herb Pedersen on their post Desert Rose Band duo albums "Bakersfield Bound" and "Way Out West".
1991-1993: "True Love" and "Life Goes On"'.
The fourth album, "True Love", was released in 1991. It was followed by 1993's "Life Goes On", released only in Europe. Several prominent country and bluegrass musicians made guest appearances on "Life Goes On" including Sam Bush on fiddle, Tony Rice and Larry Park (of Boy Howdy) on guitar, and Al Perkins on dobro. Before the release of this final studio album, was the 1993 compilation "Traditional".
Post-Desert Rose Band.
John Jorgenson and Steve Duncan left the band in 1991. Jorgenson would go on to form the Hellecasters with Will Ray and Jerry Donahue; Duncan would join the Hellecasters as well. John Jorgenson is currently playing gypsy jazz with his John Jorgenson Quintette. Chris and Herb recorded an acoustic album called "The Other Side" in 2005. They continue to tour as an acoustic duo. Former Buck Owens steel player Tom Brumley played with Joey Riley's band in Branson, Missouri. He died on 3 February 2009.
2008-2010 reunion.
Chris Hillman, Herb Pederson, JayDee Maness, John Jorgenson, Bill Bryson, and Steve Duncan performed their first reunion concert on August 27, 2008, at the Belly Up in Solana Beach, CA. Before this date Chris Hillman and Herb Pedersen were as a duo joined by John Jorgenson on 2 May 2008 for a small DRB set. The full lineup is the best known and included all of the original members present on the hit albums and singles from the 1980s. At this show in Nashville, Hillman stated that it was the first time that they had played together in 19 years. They went through a string of DRB hits, but were unable to play "He's Back & I'm Blue" because Hillman had forgotten the words. This sold-out show prompted Hillman and the band to play a handful of other reunion shows at clubs and music festivals throughout the U.S. Several of the reunion shows were to be recorded for inclusion on an upcoming live album. This would be the only official live album released by the Desert Rose Band. However, the project was later delayed and pushed back until further notice.
In 2010 the Desert Rose Band announced more reunion shows throughout the US and the band have continued to perform live since.

</doc>
<doc id="2884000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884000" title="Gjon Mili">
Gjon Mili

Gjon Mili (November 28, 1904 – February 14, 1984) was an Albanian-American photographer best known for his work published in "LIFE" which he photographed artists such as Pablo Picasso .
Biography.
Born to Vasil Mili and Viktori Cekani in Korçë, in the Manastir Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire (present-day Albania), Mili spent his childhood in Romania, attending Gheorghe Lazăr National College in Bucharest, after which he came to the United States in 1923. In 1939, Mili landed a job as a freelance photographer for "Life" (a position he held until his death in 1984). Over the years his assignments took him to the Riviera (Picasso); to Prades, France (Pablo Casals in exile); to Israel (Adolf Eichmann in captivity); to Florence, Athens, Dublin, Berlin, Venice, Rome, and to Hollywood to photograph celebrities and artists, sports events, concerts, sculptures and architecture.
Working with Harold Eugene Edgerton of MIT, Gjon Mili was a pioneer in the use of stroboscopic instruments to capture a sequence of actions in one photograph. Trained as an engineer and self-taught in photography, Gjon Mili was one of the first to use electronic flash and stroboscopic light to create photographs that had more than scientific interest. Many of his notable images revealed the beautiful intricacy and graceful flow of movement too rapid or complex for the naked eye to discern. In the mid-1940s he was an assistant to the photographer Edward Weston.
In 1944, he directed the short film "Jammin' the Blues", which was made at Warner Bros., and features performances by Lester Young, Red Callender, Harry Edison, "Big" Sid Catlett, Illinois Jacquet, Barney Kessel, Jo Jones and Marie Bryant. Mili did not serve as cinematographer for the film (Robert Burks did) but the film used multiplied images that in many ways recall the multi-image still-frames done with the strobe. The imaginative use of the camera makes this film a minor landmark in the way that musicians have been filmed.
Over the course of more than four decades, thousands of his pictures were published by "Life" as well as other publications. He died in Stamford, Connecticut on February 14, 1984, of pneumonia at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="2884010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884010" title="Turbine map">
Turbine map

Each turbine in a gas turbine engine has an operating map. Complete maps are either based on turbine rig test results or are predicted by a special computer program. Alternatively, the map of a similar turbine can be suitably scaled.
Description.
A typical turbine map is shown on the right. In this particular case, lines of percent corrected speed (based on a reference value) are plotted against the x-axis which is pressure ratio, but deltaH/T (roughly proportional to temperature drop across the unit/component entry temperature) is also often used. The y-axis is some measure of flow, usually non-dimensional flow or, as in this case, corrected flow, but not actual flow. Sometimes the axes of a turbine map are transposed, to be consistent with those of a compressor map. As in this case, a companion plot, showing the variation of isentropic (i.e. adiabatic) or polytropic efficiency, is often also included.
In this example the turbine is a transonic unit, where the throat Mach number reaches sonic conditions and the turbine becomes truly choked. Consequently, there is virtually no variation in flow between the corrected speed lines at high pressure ratios.
Most turbines however, are subsonic devices, the highest Mach number at the NGV throat being about 0.85. Under these conditions, there is a slight scatter in flow between the percent corrected speed lines in the 'choked' region of the map, where the flow for a given speed reaches a plateau.
Unlike a compressor (or fan), surge (or stall) does not occur in a turbine. This is because the flow through the unit is all 'downhill', from high to low pressure. Consequently there is no surge line marked on a turbine map.
Working lines are difficult to see on a conventional turbine map because the speed lines bunch up. One trick is to replot the map, with the y-axis being the multiple of flow and corrected speed. This separates the speed lines, enabling working lines (and efficiency contours) to be cross-plotted and clearly seen.
Progressive unchoking of the expansion system.
On the RHS is a typical primary (i.e. hot) nozzle map (or characteristic). Its appearance is similar to that of a turbine map, but it lacks any (rotational) speed lines. Note that at high flight speeds (ignoring the change in altitude), the hot nozzle is usually in, or close to, a choking condition. This is because the ram rise in the air intake factors-up the nozzle pressure ratio. At static (e.g. SLS) conditions there is no ram rise, so the nozzle tends to operate unchoked (LHS of plot).
The low pressure turbine 'sees' the variation in flow capacity of the primary nozzle. A falling nozzle flow capacity tends to reduce the LP turbine pressure ratio (and deltaH/T). As the left hand map shows, initially the reduction in LP turbine deltaH/T has little effect upon the entry flow of the unit. Eventually, however, the LP turbine unchokes, causing the flow capacity of the LP turbine to start to decrease.

</doc>
<doc id="2884024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884024" title="Johann Georg Christian Lehmann">
Johann Georg Christian Lehmann

Johann Georg Christian Lehmann (25 February 1792 – 12 February 1860) was a German botanist.
Born at Haselau, near Uetersen, Holstein, Lehmann studied medicine in Copenhagen and Göttingen, obtained a doctorate in medicine in 1813 and a doctorate in philosophy from the University of Jena in 1814. He spent the rest of his life as professor of physics and natural sciences at the "Gymnasium Academicum" in Hamburg and its head librarian. 
A prolific monographist of apparently quarrelsome character, he was a member of 26 learned societies and the founder of the Hamburg Botanical Garden :de:Botanischer Garten Hamburg, now the Alter Botanischer Garten Hamburg. Lehmann died at Hamburg in 1860.
Some of Lehmann's later illustrations were executed by the German entomologist Johann Wilhelm Meigen. 

</doc>
<doc id="2884025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884025" title="Xiaoshan District">
Xiaoshan District

Xiaoshan District (), a district of the city of Hangzhou, located in Zhejiang province in China. Xiaoshan was formerly a city in its own right, across the Qiantang River from the older parts of Hangzhou, but was absorbed in recent years by its much larger neighbor and made into an administrative district of Hangzhou.
Xiaoshan District has a permanent residential population of 1.511 million people and an immigrant population of about 876,500 people. Most of local residents are Han People, speaking Wu Chinese. It has a history for more than 8000 years which is proved by Kuahuqiao site.
Xiaoshan's economic performance is one of the strongest districts in China. It achieved a GDP of 161.2 billion Yuan in 2012; the per capita GDP even topped at $17,000. Hangzhou's international airport, Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport, is located here. The area is also at the center of one of China's local real estate booms, as the demand for newer, more upscale housing by China's growing middle and upper classes has led to an explosion in construction of new high-rise residential towers and Western-style condominium developments in Xiaoshan. It is also the site of Hangzhou Xiaoshan Sports Centre.
Industry.
Xiaoshan Economic & Technological Development Zone.
Xiaoshan Economic & Technological Development Zone was established in 1990. The zone is only 10 km away from Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport, with Shanghai-Ningbo Expressway and Hangzhou-Qujiang Expressway passing through. Currently, it has formed leading industries including electronic communications, automobiles and auto parts, precision machinery, medical food, textiles, garments, chemical building materials.
Economy.
Loong Airlines has its headquarters in the Loong Air Office Building (长龙航空办公大楼 "Chánglóng Hángkōng Bàngōngdàlóu") on the property of Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="2884035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884035" title="Mickley Green">
Mickley Green

Mickley Green is a hamlet in Suffolk, United Kingdom to the east of the village of Whepstead on the road to Melon Green.

</doc>
<doc id="2884036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884036" title="Moderation League of New York">
Moderation League of New York

The Moderation League of New York was founded in 1923 to change the legal definition of the "intoxicating liquors" prohibited by the Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution establishing prohibition. This seemed to its members to be an achievable goal, whereas the repeal of prohibition seemed at that point an impossible achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="2884037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884037" title="Jakarta Monorail">
Jakarta Monorail

The Jakarta Monorail is a planned two-line monorail system in Jakarta, Indonesia that is under construction and will open in 2015. The project was revived in February 2013 after earlier construction had started in 2004 but was abandoned in 2008 due to financial problems and legal disputes.
The project is being developed by a private corporation, PT Jakarta Monorail. Groundbreaking has been done on October 16, 2013 and the Green line is predicted to open in 2015 and the Blue line is predicted to open in 2016. There are also separate plans for an intercity monorail from a consortium of government owned companies linking greater Jakarta. They propose to develop a east-west line linking Cibubur, Cawang and Kuningan, and also Bekasi, Cawang, to central Jakarta. This line would also connect with the city monorail.
History.
Planning and Early Construction.
The project was initially awarded in 2003 to Malaysian company MTrans, the technology owner and builders of the KL Monorail, construction started in June 2004 but was halted after only a few weeks after the funds for the project stopped. MTrans' memorandum of understanding (MoU) was then cancelled after MTrans didn't respond adequately, and the MoU did not move towards a formal agreement.
The project was subsequently awarded to the Singaporean-led Omnico consortium, which proposed to use the Hitachi Monorail system (the base used for the KL Monorail) and then later on switched to the maglev technology by South Korean company ROTEM.
In July 2005, the project changed hands again with a new MoU granted to a consortium of Indonesian companies PT Bukaka Teknik Utama, PT INKA and Siemens Indonesia. (Vice president Jusuf Kalla, who assumed office in October 2004, owns a large stake in Bukaka.) Omnico contested this move, but construction continued nonetheless, under the assumption that the basic foundation piles and pillars can be used by whichever consortium and technology wins in the end. By 2006, a change in shareholder structure resulted to PT Indonesia Transit Central (ITC) controlling 98 percent of the shares in the company, leaving partner Omnico with only 2 percent, reduced from its initial 45 percent. Reports indicate fares of Rp 5,000 per trip were considered with government subsidies and that the Dubai Islamic Bank was sought as an investor of up to US$ 500 million but had pulled out when the government had refused to provided guarantees if ridership fell below 160,000 per day.
In March 2008, developers PT Jakarta Monorail officially abandoned the project. Then, in April, numerous pylons to support the future track were illegally demolished, probably by metal thieves.
In September 2011, the Jakarta administration called off the monorail project with a maximum Rp.204 billion ($23.3 million) compensation to PT Jakarta Monorail.
2013 Construction Resume.
In February 2013 the revival of the monorail project was announced by Dedy S. Priatna, deputy of infrastructure at the National Development Planning Agency (Bappenas), as part of plans to improve public transport in Jakarta.
The consortium, "PT Jakarta Monorail", is now 90% owned by Singapore based Ortus-Group and 10% by PT Indonesia Transit Central (ITC). Ortus group has reportedly paid Rp 2.3 trillion (US$238 million) for its share in the consortium. A deal has been signed to buy the pylons built between 2004 and 2007 from PT Adhi Karya for Rp 190 billion (US$19.5 million). The consortium plans to finance the Rp 8 trillion project with 70% debt and the balance by equity.
In April 2013 Chinese firm Changchun Railway Vehicle Co., Ltd. (CNR) was declared the preferred manufacturer of the trains for the railway. A prototype vehicle will be displayed at Monas (National Monument) in central Jakarta from 22 June to 14 July 2013. In early May 2013 marketing firm XM JWT Jakarta was appointed to handle all branding, advertising, events, PR and digital marketing. The consortium ran a public competition on its website to choose the name the new system: "JET", which is an acronym for "Jakarta Eco Transit".
On 29 June 2013 Jakarta Governor Joko "Jokowi" Widodo signed an agreement with "PT Jakarta Monorail" to allow the project to proceed. Fares are proposed at Rp 10,000 (US $ 1.01) per trip with and initial "capacity" of 274,000 passengers per day with a design capacity of 35,000 passengers per hour per direction. In announcing the deal the Governor called for work to commence as soon as possible and said the line should open by 2016; he also said that he hoped the other consortium proposing a regional monorail in greater Jakarta would make progress (see section below). Details of the agreement do not seem to have been made public.
"PT Jakarta Monorail" has signed agreements a number of firms to participate in the project (Indonesian telecommunication company Indosat, Germany’s TUV Rheinland Group, Thailand’s Bangkok Mass Transportation System, Singapore’s ST Electronics and SMRT International and China’s Changchun Railway Vehicles and China Communications Construction) and has said that they will develop a new feasibility study to replace the one done in 2007.
The Project.
Intracity Monorail.
The original monorail was planned to be two main lines. The loop line known as the Green line would have served the business districts of the city (Casablanca and Rasuna Said Area), with 15 stops. The second line known as the Blue line would have been with 12 stops and would have run from Kampung Melayu to Tanah Abang. The whole system would have had the total of 29 km. It would have had two interchange stations at Casablanca and Karet to allow passengers to switch between these two lines, and the Sudirman Dukuh Atas station would also have allowed passengers to switch to the Jakarta Busway and the Jakarta railway network.
The system was due to have an initial capacity of 10,000 passengers per hour per direction (pphpd) expandable to 30,000 pphpd. In the opening year, the Jakarta Monorail was planned to carry on average 274,000 people per day with plans to scale up capacity size quickly as the design capacity is set to carry 35,000 passengers per hour per direction.
Connection to Intercity Project.
A consortium of five state owned enterprises (SOEs), led by PT Adhi Karya (previously part of the "Jakarta Monorail" consortium), has said they have plans to build a monorail line connecting Cibubur-Cawang-Kuningan and Bekasi-Cawang across Greater Jakarta. The line will connect to the 'Green' and 'Blue' lines to be built by "PT Jakarta Monorail" In early May 2013 the SOE consortium unveiled a mockup of their own prototype monorail car, built by PT INKA in Jakarta.
Criticism.
A number of commentators and analysts have criticised the monorail on grounds of costs (compared to busway) or lack of capacity (compared to a subway or heavy rail) as well as unrealistic predictions.
In 2005 the non-governmental organization Pelangi said "based on (these) sustainability requirements, the busway outweighs the subway or monorail"; they recommended that Jakarta should focus on extending and improving the TransJakarta bus rapid transit (BRT) network rather than build subways or monorails as the busway would have lower capital costs and did not require operational subsides. Also given the lower costs the busway could be extended to serve a great proportion of the population for the same amount of money. (Transjakarta has already the worlds longest BRT network at 172 km with 200 stations and operates with 520 buses carrying 350,000 people per day).
In 2008 the former Mayor of Bogota, Columbia, Enrique Peñalosa also called for Jakarta to expand the busways instead of monorail or subways; he told a seminar that " subway would cost three times its contract value, yet it would only cover several lines, (but) with the same amount of money you could reach all parts of the city with the (busway) network,". Bogota has one of the world's most extensive BRT networks, the TransMilenio.
In November 2012 the Director of the Institute of Transportation Studies, Darmaningtyas, said the capacity of the monorail was too limited, it was not economic and not suitable for Jakarta: "Everything has to be built, including the train depot. This is not economical. The fare can be over Rp 10,000 per person. If seen from the monorail’s planned coverage in Jakarta, with a radius of less than 10km, this is too expensive"
The project was further criticised in February 2013 by Bambang Susantono, the deputy minister of transportation, on the grounds that it was not sustainable in the long term and other public transport modes better suited Jakarta's requirements.
The two line project agreed to in June 2013 is supposed to be built without any government financing. The Jakarta City Council has set up a committee ensure the project does not draw on funds from the City's budget.

</doc>
<doc id="2884045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884045" title="Jamaica Committee">
Jamaica Committee

The Jamaica Committee was a group set up in 1866, which called for Edward Eyre, Governor of Jamaica, to be tried for his excesses in suppressing the Morant Bay rebellion of 1865. More radical members of the Committee wanted him tried for the murder of British subjects (Jamaica was at that time a Crown Colony), under the rule of law. The Committee included English liberals, such as John Bright, John Stuart Mill, Charles Darwin, Thomas Huxley, Thomas Hughes and Herbert Spencer. 
The counsel to the Jamaica Committee was James Fitzjames Stephen, who held that the defendants were guilty of legal murder, but extended considerable sympathy to them and intimated that they were probably morally justified. From then on, Mill was cool to him.
Thomas Carlyle set up a rival committee arguing in Eyre's defence. His supporters included John Ruskin, Charles Kingsley, Charles Dickens and Alfred, Lord Tennyson.

</doc>
<doc id="2884057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884057" title="Treaty 3">
Treaty 3

Treaty 3 was an agreement entered into on October 3, 1873, by the Ojibway Nation and Queen Victoria. The treaty ceded a vast tract of Ojibway territory, including large parts of what is now northwestern Ontario and a small part of eastern Manitoba, to the Government of Canada. Treaty 3 also provided for rights for the Métis and other Ojibway, through a series of agreemets signed over the next year.
Treaty 3.
It was the third in a series of eleven numbered treaties between the Crown and North American First Nations. Despite being the third of these treaties it is in fact more historically significant in that its text and terms served as the model for the remainder of the numbered treaties. Treaties 1 and 2 covered an area about the same size and in fact had to be amended to reflect some of the developments arising out of the negotiation of Treaty 3. At the time that it was negotiated it was anticipated that the terms of Treaty 3 would serve as a model for future treaties and would require the amendment of Treaties 1 and 2 from Minister of the Interior Campbell to Lieutenant-Governor Morris, 5 August 1873, Public Archives of Canada ("PAC"), RG10, vol. 1904. 
Treaty 3 has particular historical significance because of the litigation that ensued between the Crown in Right of Ontario and the Crown in Right of Canada over the significance of the treaty and the respective roles of Canada and the provinces in relation to aboriginal peoples. The first of these cases is "St. Catherines Milling v. The Queen" which dealt with the question of the ownership of lands subject to a treaty (a question that was decided in favour of the Province). The second, "The Dominion of Canada v The Province of Ontario", dealt with the question of whether or not Ontario had to indemnify Canada for the expenses incurred in negotiating the treaty and the ongoing costs of fulfilling the treaty obligations. Canada lost this case as well with the Supreme Court of Canada and the Privy Council holding that Canada was responsible for Indian affairs and the welfare of Indians and that the treaty had been negotiated to achieve broad national purposes (such as the building of the transcontinental railway) rather than to benefit Ontario. The significance of these decisions is still a matter of discussion in the Canadian courts. 
Treaty 3 is also significant as there exists a written record of the native peoples understanding of the treaty. This is known as the Paypom document. It is a series of notes that were written for Chief Powassin during the treaty negotiations, and documents the promises that were made to the First Nations people. The promises in the Paypom document differ in a number of ways from the printed version available from the Canadian government.

</doc>
<doc id="2884060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884060" title="Whepstead">
Whepstead

Whepstead is a village in Suffolk, United Kingdom, located south of Bury St Edmunds. Once the property of Bury Abbey it became a possession of the Drury family at the Dissolution of the Monasteries in the 16th century. Whepstead Church is dedicated to St Petronilla the only such dedication in England.
Hamlets in the parish of Whepstead include Melon Green, Mickley Green and Stone Cross Green.
Demography.
According to the Office for National Statistics, at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001, Whepstead had a population of 427 with 181 households.

</doc>
<doc id="2884065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884065" title="The Internet Pilot to Physics">
The Internet Pilot to Physics

TIPTOP was a web site operated in collaboration between Kenneth Bodin-Holmlund at Umeå University, Mikko Karttunen at McGill University and Guenther Nowotny at the Technical University of Vienna during 1994-1998, and it was originally derived from Physics Around the World (PAW) that was initiated by Karttunen at McGill University.
In a historical perspective, PAW was one of the very first web directories, listing various physics related resources. TIPTOP utilized (at the time) new technologies to handle a news system, a job database, a conference database, and an improved web directory for physics. TIPTOP was the first major site to use PHP with mySQL, today a highly popular combination. Already in 1995, TIPTOP also had a one of the very first embryos of a wiki, called the Living Encyclopedia of Physics, that offered community based editing, an editorial system and peer review, as well as automatic cross linking. 

</doc>
<doc id="2884070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884070" title="Green Green (anime)">
Green Green (anime)

Media Blasters licensed "Green Green" for distribution in North America, and the first volume was released on May 16, 2006. They have since released the 12 TV episodes on three DVDs, first separately throughout 2006, and then in two different budget collections in 2007 (the original single volumes in a box) and 2009 (the three discs in one "Litebox" case).
Story.
"Green Green" takes place in the countryside of Japan, at the isolated all-male boarding school of Kanenone Gakuen (translated literally in English as "Sound of the Bell Academy"). Since there are no females for miles, the school is advertised as the "last remaining paradise for men on Earth". The Kanenone school board has begun talks to merge with an all-girl boarding school, in hopes of becoming a co-ed boarding school. This has the hormone-driven, girl-deprived male body of Kanenone thrilled.
Both schools decide to have a test run of sorts, having the girls from the all-girls school stay at Kanenone for a month, in order to see how the boys and girls get along. Yuusuke Takazaki, the main character, has his hands full with his "perverted" roommates, nicknamed the Baka ("Idiot") Trio. The Baka Trio - which consists of Bacchi-Gū, a fat pervert, Ichiban-Boshi, a self-proclaimed ladies man, and Tenjin, a gentle giant who has a "little sister" fetish - are incredibly excited that there will be girls around.
When the buses containing the girls arrive, one girl named Midori Chitose excitedly disembarks first, leaping at and happily hugging a confused Yuusuke. Who is Midori and how does she know Yuusuke? The series focuses on answering this question and the antics of the Baka Trio.
OVAs.
In 2002, an OVA of "Green Green" was released. It had no relation to the television series. It starts off with the same plot, but instead of girls visiting Kanenone, it had a group of boys from Kanenone (Yuusuke, the Baka Trio, and some others) visiting the all-girl boarding school. The OVA was not well received, some suggesting that the animation was rough, choppy, and outdated.
Three Character OVA DVDs were also released in Japan under the title Green Green Character DVDs [http://www.ponycanyon.co.jp/greengreen/release/charadvd.html] ; Green Green Character DVD "Sanae & Wakaba" was released 11/19/2003, Green Green Character DVD "Futaba & Chigusa" was released 12/17/2003, and Green Green Character DVD "Midori & Reika" was released 1/21/2004. Each Green Green Character DVD included a short 8-10 minute Yuri story all of which include a sex or nude scene involving the two female title characters, a music video for each of the title characters, and other extras with a total running time of 33–38 minutes each. In the North American Media Blaster's release most of the contents of the Character DVDs can be found as extras on each DVD with the short stories labeled as untranslated E-cup breasts episodes.
An OVA entitled "Green Green: Erolutions" (グリーングリーンエロリューションズ) was released in 2004 as the thirteenth and concluding episode of the television series. "Erolutions" is considered hentai for its two explicit sex scenes between Yuusuke and Midori, and then Yuusuke and Futaba. The episode was not included in the United States release.
Music.
Opening Theme:
Ending Theme:

</doc>
<doc id="2884074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884074" title="Robbie Brookside">
Robbie Brookside

Robert Edward Brooks (born 11 March 1966), better known by his ring name Robbie Brookside, is a British professional wrestler signed to WWE, working as a trainer in its developmental territory NXT Wrestling. He has toured all over the world during his career including such countries as the United States, Japan, Germany, and Mexico. He was a regular tag partner of Steve Regal in the United Kingdom and he has competed in the New Japan Pro Wrestling's annual tournament, the Super J in 1997 where he picked up a victory over Chris Jericho.
Early life.
Robert Edward Brooks was born in Liverpool. His father was a footballer, who played for Preston North End.
Professional wrestling career.
Brooks was discovered by Bobby Barren, who invited him to wrestle at the Pleasure Beach in Blackpool, and Brian Dixon, who got Brooks some jobs on the holiday camps with established wrestlers such as Steve Adonis.
Wrestling as Robbie Brookside, he won his first title after World Heavy-Middleweight Champion "Rollerball" Mark Rocco retired and Brookside won the vacant title in a tournament. The following year, he lost it to Frank 'Chic' Cullen
Brookside then teamed with Doc Dean as The Liverpool Lads, together winning the British Tag Team Championship. Frankie Sloan later teamed with Brookside as The Liverpool Lads in place of Dean.
In 1996, Brookside got the chance to wrestle in Germany for the Catch Wrestling Association through his contact with the group, Dave "Fit" Finlay. From then through to the turn of the century, Brookside could be found wrestling across many promotion in Europe, and won many titles during his travels.
Brookside spent 6 months in America wrestling for World Championship Wrestling, including several matches on "Nitro", WCW's main TV shown worldwide.
On 25 April 2005, Brookside had a dark match on World Wrestling Entertainment's 'Raw' during a taping of the show in the UK, losing to Simon Dean. When WWE once again returned to England, Brookside joined other British wrestlers Thunder and Steve Lewington as part of the WWE security squad that helped keep the waring Raw and SmackDown! wrestlers apart.
Brookside continued to wrestle in and around the UK and remained one of the top British wrestlers, winning many of the top titles in the UK. Brookside became the first-ever Real Quality Wrestling Heavyweight Champion on 29 April 2006, defeating former WWE and WCW Superstar Billy Kidman during a match at RQW's "A Night Of Champions" event. Brookside would later go on to win the Frontier Wrestling Alliance's British Heavyweight Championship at the "FWA Summer Classic" in a no-DQ elimination three-way match, finally pinning Jonny Storm after then-champion Hade Vansen, who was eliminated first, returned to the ring and hit Storm with his 'South City Driller' finishing move.
Though FWA Champion, Brookside was in fact wrestling under the banner of another promotion, All Star Wrestling. Brookside would remain an All Star wrestler throughout his reign, with various FWA wrestlers trying to take back 'their' championship. During this time, Brookside would vacate his RQW Heavyweight title and leave the promotion. Brookside would also take an interest in the future of the business by going on to train future wrestlers, eventually opening his own Leicester based wrestling school, "Wrestleicester", in late 2006.
Brookside appeared on the 23 April 2007 episode of "WWE Raw", losing a no disqualification, 3-on-1 handicap match to Shane McMahon, Vince McMahon, and Umaga. Brookside was introduced as a man that Shane McMahon had personally seen take down six men by himself in a fight at a local pub.
Brookside has also had WWE matches against Snitsky and Maven.
Brookside would also wrestle for Alan Ravenhill's Welsh Wrestling in 2008 where he defeated James Mason in a world of sport rules match at Maesteg Town Hall. In February 2008, Brookside won All Star Promotions British Heavyweight Championship for the second time but was forced to vacate the title in May 2009 due to injury.
Now, Brookside teaches students in wrestling in his Leicester-based gym, WrestLeicester.
At A WWE house show in Birmingham England on 7 Nov 2011, William Regal announced Brookside was in the crowd and credited him with his success as well as Sheamus and Wade Barrett.
As of October 2012, he has been signed to WWE, working as a trainer and talent scout for their developmental program, NXT Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="2884080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884080" title="Black magic (disambiguation)">
Black magic (disambiguation)

Black magic refers to evil supernatural magic.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2884083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884083" title="Star Awards 2005">
Star Awards 2005

Star Awards 2005 was the 12th Star Awards ceremony, held on 4 December 2005. It was part of the annual Star Awards organised by MediaCorp for MediaCorp TV Channel 8. Following MediaCorp's merger with SPH MediaWorks on 1 January 2005, the nominees included artistes from the former SPH MediaWorks Channel U, many of whom were former employees of MediaCorp and its predecessor Television Corporation of Singapore. MediaCorp TV Channel 8 broadcast the awards ceremony from 7:00pm to 10:00pm while SPH MediaWorks Channel U now MediaCorp TV Channel U, aired the ceremony for the first time and began broadcasting the ceremony at 7:30pm.
Prior to the actual ceremony, a separate awards ceremony and gala was held at the The Fullerton Hotel in which technical category awards (e.g. Best Director, Best Screenplay, etc.) and the Young Talent Award (child actors) were given out.
The show lasted three hours and saw four artistes winning two awards each, namely Bryan Wong (Best Comedy Performer, Top 10 Most Popular Male Artistes), Chen Hanwei (Best Actor, Top 10 Most Popular Male Artistes), Huang Biren (Best Actress, Top 10 Most Popular Female Artistes) and Quan Yi Fong (Best Variety Show Host, Top 10 Most Popular Female Artistes).
All-Time Favourite Artiste Award.
This award is a special achievement award given out to a veteran artiste(s) who have achieved a maximum of 10 popularity awards over 10 years.
1 Xie Shaoguang was in Malaysia during the awards ceremony, so he was not there to receive the award personally.
Nominees and winners.
Winners are highlighted in bold.
Best Actor 最佳男主角 
Best Actress 最佳女主角
Best Supporting Actor 最佳男配角
Best Supporting Actress 最佳女配角
Best Variety Show Host 最佳综艺主持人
Best Comedy Performer 最佳喜剧演员
Best News & Current Affairs Presenter 最佳新闻播报/ 时事主持人
Young Talent Award 青苹果奖
Most Popular Newcomer 最受欢迎新人奖
Best Drama 最佳电视剧
Best Variety Program 最佳综艺节目
Best Variety Special 最佳综艺特备节目 
Best Theme Song 最佳主题曲
Best Director 最佳导演
Best Screenplay 最佳剧本
Top 10 Most Popular Male Artistes
Top 10 Most Popular Female Artistes
Guests.
Guest presenters at the ceremony included:

</doc>
<doc id="2884102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884102" title="Talking cure">
Talking cure

The Talking Cure and chimney sweeping were terms used by Josef Breuer for verbal therapy given to his patient Bertha Pappenheim under the alias of Anna O. They were first published in "Studies on Hysteria" (1895).
As Ernest Jones put it, "On one occasion she related the details of the first appearance of a particular symptom and, to Breuer's great astonishment, this resulted in its complete disappearance"; or in Lacan's words, "the more Anna provided signifiers, the more she chattered on, the better it went".
Development.
Bertha's symptoms - 'headaches, intervals of excitement, curious disturbances of vision, partial paralyses and loss of sensation' - which had no organic origin and are currently referred to as somatoform disorders, were found to improve once repressed trauma and their related emotions were expressed, a process later called catharsis. Peter Gay considered that "Breuer rightly claimed a quarter of a century later that his treatment of Bertha Pappenheim contained 'the germ cell of the whole of psychoanalysis'".
The term "talking cure" was later adopted by Sigmund Freud to describe the fundamental work of psychoanalysis. He himself referenced Breuer and Anna O. in his Lectures on Psychoanalysis at Clark University, Worcester, MA, in September 1909: "The patient herself, who, strange to say, could at this time only speak and understand English, christened this novel kind of treatment the 'talking cure' or used to refer to it jokingly as 'chimney-sweeping'".
Current status.
The "talking cure" is a phrase that is now used more widely by a variety of talking therapies. Some would consider that after a century of employment the talking cure has finally led to the writing cure.
Celebrity endorsement.
Diane Keaton attributes her recovery from bulimia to the talking cure: "All those disjointed words and half-sentences, all those complaining, awkward phrases...made the difference. It was the talking cure; the talking cure that gave me a way out of addiction; the damn talking cure".
Criticism.
Critics have objected that in psychoanalytic perspective, what appears to be a talking cure may only be a placebo.
Further reading.
Terence W. Campbell, "Beware the Talking Cure" (1994)
Irene Gammell, "Confessional Politics" (1999)

</doc>
<doc id="2884107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884107" title="Numbered Treaties">
Numbered Treaties

The numbered treaties (or Post-Confederation Treaties) are a series of eleven treaties signed between the aboriginal peoples in Canada and the reigning monarch of Canada (Victoria, Edward VII or George V) from 1871 to 1921. It was the Government of Canada who created the policy, commissioned the Treaty Commissioners and ratified the agreements. These Treaties are agreements with the Government of Canada, administered by Canadian Aboriginal law and overseen by the Minister of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development.
History.
The relationship between The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples stretches back to first contact between European colonialists and North American indigenous peoples. Over centuries of interaction, treaties were established concerning the monarch and aboriginal tribes. Canada's First Nations, Inuit and Métis peoples have, like the Māori and the Treaty of Waitangi in New Zealand, come to generally view these agreements as being not between them and the ever-changing Cabinet, but instead with the continuous Crown of Canada, as embodied in the reigning sovereign. As an expression of this association, Aboriginal peoples in Canada and members of the Canadian Royal Family will regularly meet to celebrate milestone anniversaries, exchange ceremonial and symbolic gifts, and discuss treaty issues.
Implementation.
Regions affected by the treaties include portions of what are now Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, Ontario, Saskatchewan and the Northwest Territories. When the Dominion of Canada was first formed in 1867 as a confederation of several British North American colonies, most of these regions were part of Rupert's Land and the North-Western Territory and were controlled by the Hudson's Bay Company.
The "National Dream" of Sir John A. Macdonald, the first Prime Minister of Canada, was to create a nation from sea to sea, tied together by the Canadian Pacific Railway. In order to make this dream a reality, the Government of Canada needed to settle the southern portions of Rupert's Land (present day Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan).
Administration of Rupert's Land and the North-Western Territory was transferred to the Canadian government in 1869. Out of these lands, Canada created the Northwest Territories. Canadian law recognized that the First Nations who inhabited these lands prior to European contact had title to these lands. The settlement of the Northwest Territories would not be possible, if title to the land remained with the First Nations. Therefore, it was vital to the National Dream to obtain title to the lands from First Nations.
In order to obtain title to most of the lands, the Canadian government proceeded with this series of treaties. Each treaty delineates a tract of land which was thought to be the traditional territory of the First Nation or Nations signing that particular treaty (the "tract surrendered"). In exchange for a surrender of their rights and title to these lands, the First Nations were promised a smaller parcel of land as a reserve, annual annuity payments, implements to either farm or hunt and fish and the right to continue to hunt and trap or hunt, trap and fish on the tract surrendered.
First Nations peoples had been decimated by disease outbreaks, the near-extinction of the plains bison, and whiskey traders. They were eager to receive food aid and other assistance from the government. When the government asked for the land in return, they were not in a position to say no. Historians critical of the government have called its actions a "submit or starve" policy. Thus, the treaties are tainted with colour of coercion and any modern interpretation of theirs terms (see "modern legal interpretation"' below) would accordingly tend to favour the coerced, i.e. native side.
The plan of settling Europeans in the Canadian west was not free of conflict. Two armed rebellions resulted from this policy: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 and the North West Rebellion of 1885.
Modern legal interpretation.
With the advent of the "responsible government" doctrine in the 1840s, daily operating responsibilities of the Crown in Canada were moved to Ottawa. The British government, in an exchange of letters at the time of the transfer of the NWT, sought assurances that Canada would provide the Crown's obligation to First Nations. When First Nations residents were allowed to vote in 1960, they gained the same recourse to the UK that all Canadian petitioners still had at that time, if it had been removed, due to the fact that they were then full status Canadian citizens.
The Assembly of First Nations, despite being composed of persons elected under the Indian Act as "Indian Agents" to perform its provisions on behalf of the federal government of Canada, maintained that the treaties were peer to peer lateral agreements between sovereignties and nothing less. A competing interpretation, common since the American Indian Movement of the 1960s, is that the treaties were never valid because of being:
In 1981, all provinces other than Quebec agreed to a constitutional amendment that effectively removed the route of appeal to the UK parliament, courts, and crown.
Subsequent attempts (Meech Lake Accord, Charlottetown Accord) to try to appease the government of Quebec failed in part due to First Nations opposition. It has never been in dispute that First Nations would have to voluntarily agree with their formal treaty partner, the Canadian Crown, to modify the treaties. This was a major factor in the defeat of Charlottetown - public opinion favoured it before Elijah Harper's stand but not once it became clear that aboriginal rights might be threatened. Both Quebec and First Nations, accordingly, retained rights of direct recourse to the Queen.
In 2010, Canada signed the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. In 2011 and again in 2012 the United Nations criticized the federal government over Attawapiskat. In 2012, the Federal Court of Canada ruled that 200,000 off-reserve natives and 400,000 Métis were also "Indians" in the sense of the Indian Act in Daniels v. Canada. These however had no formal representation at the Assembly of First Nations which had hitherto been assumed by the federal government to speak authoritatively on all matters involving "Indians". 
These varying interpretations and issues came to a head in late 2012 with the Idle No More movement and a liquid diet by Attawapiskat elected Chief Theresa Spence. This and related events brought the fact that the treaties and 1867 law provided for direct Crown recourse back to public attention. Chief Spence demanded direct Crown attention to the Cabinet's attempt to remove federal government oversight of lands and waters and environmental issues that duplicated provinceial oversight of the same. After an agreement by opposition parties was struck to end Chief Spence's fast, the legal analysis that supported the principle of direct Crown recourse was adamantly supported by interim Liberal Party of Canada leader Bob Rae and others. Idle No More itself presented its legal analysis via Pam Palmater. Her analysis resembles that of Matthew Coon Come, who summarized the Grand Council of the Cree position in a scholarly analysis of the Quebec sovereignty movement and its authority to withdraw from Confederation taking First Nations territory with it. Both his analysis and Palmater's emphasize the need for voluntary renegotiation of treaties between equal partners, and the impossibility of cutting off any avenue of appeal to the Crown.
However, both Coon Come and Palmater rely on context in common amongst Eastern First Nations whose agreements (such as the Treaty of Montreal in 1701) often date back to French colonial occupancy. It remains unclear how modern-era far-northern and western treaties such as the Numbered Treaties agreed under the 1867 law but before the Indian Act should be interpreted or interpretations appealed. This remains one of the most contentious areas of Canadian constitutional law and affects not only First Nations but Quebec's constitution, borders and limits of its sovereign power.

</doc>
<doc id="2884108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884108" title="Bad a' Chreamha">
Bad a' Chreamha

Bad a' Chreamha is a small hill in Scotland, occupying the broad peninsula between Loch Carron and Loch Kishorn. It consists of a long low ridge: the northwestern side is marked by a series of broken crags, whilst to the south the hill slopes down to the shores of Loch Carron.
Bad a' Chreamha may be climbed from the path between Achintraid and Reraig, which passes to the west side of the hill, below the crags. The bealach that separates Bad a' Chreamha from An Sgurr lies a kilometre or so east of this path: from here the summit can be reached by skirting above the crags. The hill may also be climbed from the shores of Loch Carron, heading north from the road at any convenient point.

</doc>
<doc id="2884110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884110" title="Salzberg">
Salzberg

Salzberg can refer to a surname, and to a number of places in Europe. The name means "salt mountain" in German: 
See Salzburg for the major city of Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="2884125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884125" title="Love Object">
Love Object

Love Object is a 2003 film written and directed by Robert Parigi. Kenneth (played by Desmond Harrington) is an efficient but socially awkward technical writer who develops an obsessive relationship with Nikki, a realistic sex doll he purchases.
Plot.
Kenneth Winslow is an extremely shy but knowledgeable technical writer who orders a sex-doll.
He develops a relationship with "Nikki," to the point of talking and even arguing with her. Kenneth begins to display bizarre behavior, and starts to feel stalked by Nikki. Their relationship evolves into a love-hate situation, and at one point even beats the doll.
At work, Kenneth meets Lisa (Melissa Sagemiller), a temp, with whom he begins to develop a relationship. Kenneth encourages Lisa to resemble Nikki by cutting her hair the way Nikki has it and wearing the same clothes Nikki has. As his imagined relationship with Nikki becomes more sinister and dominating, Kenneth resorts to cutting up and disposing of the doll.
Lisa eventually becomes aware of Nikki's existence, and promptly breaks up with Kenneth. Later, a bound and gagged Lisa is discovered by Kenneth's landlord, and Kenneth bludgeons him with a hammer. Kenneth then begins to transform Lisa into the doll. He dresses her up in Nikki's clothes, straps her down, and begins to replace her blood with embalming fluid (actually it was a plasticizing material).
Lisa manages to escape from her restraints and attacks Kenneth with a small statue, rendering him unconscious. At this point the police arrive, and when they see Lisa over the unconscious Kenneth they shoot her. Lisa, wearing Nikki's clothes, falls dead in the crate Nikki came in, thus completing her transformation. Kenneth is believed to be Lisa's victim, and is not charged with a crime.
Much later, he re-orders another Nikki. While buying flowers for Nikki, he notices the attractive brunette at the floral shop. The viewer is left to assume that Kenneth's obsessive love triangle cycle will start all over again.

</doc>
<doc id="2884129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884129" title="Arts and Humanities Data Service">
Arts and Humanities Data Service

The Arts and Humanities Data Service (AHDS) was a United Kingdom national service aiding the discovery, creation and preservation of digital resources in and for research, teaching and learning in the arts and humanities. It was established in 1996 and ceased operation in 2008 (although the website and related digital collections are still accessible).
Organised via a Managing Executive at King's College London and five AHDS Centres, hosted by various UK Higher Education Institutions, the AHDS was funded until the end of March 2008 by the Joint Information Systems Committee and the Arts and Humanities Research Council (AHRC). 
However, in March 2007 the AHRC decided to cease funding for the AHDS beyond March 2008. As a result, the AHDS is now advising AHRC applicants to ensure their projects include a budget for the costs of preservation and sustainability (whether with the AHDS or another service).
Following the demise of AHDS, and the cessation of the Methods Network, the Centre for e-Research (CeRch) was established at King's College London in 2008. The Centre's aims are to facilitate interdisciplinary, institutional, national and international collaboration.
The five subject-based AHDS Centres are:
Specific areas of work that the Arts and Humanities Data Service covers include:

</doc>
<doc id="2884138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884138" title="Vardis Fisher">
Vardis Fisher

Vardis Alvero Fisher (March 31, 1895 – July 9, 1968) was a writer best known for his popular historical novels of the Old West. He also wrote the monumental 12-volume "Testament of Man" (1943–1960) series of novels, depicting the history of humans from cave to civilization. It was considered controversial because of his portrayal of religion, especially the Judeo-Christian tradition, emphasis on sexuality, and conclusions about anthropology.
Life and works.
Vardis Fisher was born in Annis, Idaho, near present-day Rigby, of a Mormon family and descent. After graduating from the University of Utah in 1920, Fisher earned a Master of Arts degree (1922) and a Ph.D. (1925) at the University of Chicago.
Fisher was an assistant professor of English at the University of Utah (1925–1928) while there he was a teacher of the great American West historian Wallace Stegner and at New York University (1928–1931), where he became friends with Thomas Wolfe. Fisher also taught as a summer professor at Montana State University (1932–1933) in Bozeman. Academic jobs were sharply reduced during the Great Depression.
Between 1935 and 1939, he worked as the director of the Idaho Writer's Project of the Works Progress Administration (WPA) of the Franklin D. Roosevelt administration. He wrote several books about Idaho. He was also a newspaper columnist for the "Idaho Statesman" and "Idaho Statewide" (which later became the "Intermountain Observer").
One of his hobbies was house construction, and he built his own home in the Thousand Springs area near Hagerman, Idaho. Fisher did the wiring, masonry, carpentry and plumbing himself.
Marriage and family.
Vardis Fisher married in 1917 after his second year in college, to Leona McMurtrey, whom he had courted since their childhood. They had difficulties in their marriage; he enlisted in the army in 1918. Later he became involved with another woman, Margaret Trusler, who was a fellow graduate student. Leona committed suicide on September 8, 1924.
He married Trusler in 1928. They had two sons, Grant and T. Roberts Fisher. They divorced in 1937, at her insistence.
He married his third wife, Opal Laurel Holmes, in 1940. She was his co-author on "Gold Rushes and Mining Camps of the Early American West" (1968). Opal Fisher died in 1995, leaving $237,000 from her estate to the University of Idaho for the creation of a humanities professorship.
Fisher died in 1968, at the age of 73, in Hagerman, Idaho.
Literary career.
To write the "Testament of Man" (1943–1960) series, Vardis Fisher read more than 2,000 books on anthropology, history, psychology, theology and comparative religion. When the series was reprinted by Pyramid Books as mass-market paperbacks in 1960, it inspired the DC Comics editor Joe Orlando and the comic book "Anthro", written and drawn by Howard Post and edited by Orlando.
His historical novel, "Children of God", tracing the history of the Mormons, won the 1939 Harper Prize in Fiction. His novel "Mountain Man" (1965) was adapted for Sydney Pollack's film, "Jeremiah Johnson" (1972). "" told the story of the Donner Party tragedy. "Tale of Valor" is a novel recounting the Lewis and Clark Expedition. "God or Caesar?" is his non-fiction book on how to write.
Criticism.
Fisher was, perhaps, the most significant twentieth century novelist who was both a native and longtime resident of Idaho. He chafed at being compared with such better-known writers associated with the state as Ernest Hemingway and Ezra Pound. When appointed to head the Idaho branch of the Federal Writers Project under the WPA, Fisher quipped that he had been chosen because there were only three writers in Idaho, and he was the only one who was unemployed. Frederick Manfred, who was among Fisher's staunchest literary champions, declared that "Dark Bridwell" (1931) was Fisher's best novel and that Hemingway never wrote anything so good.
His twelve-volume "Testament of Man" series, to which Fisher devoted several decades of his life was, by and large, negatively received by the public as well as critics. As demonstrated by the collection of critical essays, "Rediscovering Vardis Fisher" (2000), the author still draws praise as well as criticism for his work. (The anthropologist Marilyn Trent Grunkemeyer, who read the "Testament of Man" series, was most critical of his work.)
Politics.
His newspaper columns, written for various local and regional publications over three decades and often dealing with then-topical national and local issues, still make for lively reading. Fisher did not praise any U.S. president who served during his lifetime, regardless of political party. (Although he did not live beyond the primary season of 1968, Fisher had already made his low opinion of Richard M. Nixon clear during Nixon's vice-presidency.)
Fisher has been described as a "cranky Idaho Old Rightist." He was suspicious of all politicians and favored smaller, less-intrusive government. Grateful for work during the Depression, his opinion of the New Deal soured and he became a staunch critic of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Until the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor in December 1941, he favored an America First stance, hoping to keep the U.S. out of World War II. Following the attack, he accepted the inevitability of war. He generally criticized U.S. foreign policy and opposed U.S. involvement in Vietnam as early as the administration of John F. Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="2884143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884143" title="Martin Gottfried Weiss">
Martin Gottfried Weiss

"SS-Obersturmbannführer" (Lieutenant Colonel) Martin Gottfried Weiss alternatively spelled Weiß ( – 29 May 1946) was the Commandant of Dachau concentration camp in 1945 at the time of his arrest. He also served from April 1940 until September 1942 as the commandant of Neuengamme concentration camp, and later, from November 1943 until May 1944, as the fourth commandant of Majdanek death camp. 
Life.
Weiss was born in Weiden in der Oberpfalz. He was appointed commandant of Majdanek after his predecessor Hermann Florstedt was charged with wholesale stealing from the Jews to become rich. Weiss was captured at Munich on April 29, 1945 by corporal Henry Senger of the 292nd Field Artillery Observation Battalion, and was tried during the Dachau Trials of 15 November – 13 December 1945. After being found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity, Weiss was executed by hanging on 29 May 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="2884151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884151" title="Hugh Ross (politician)">
Hugh Ross (politician)

Hugh Ross (born c. 1944) is a Presbyterian minister and member of the Orange Order, who was previously the leader of the now defunct Ulster Independence Movement (UIM).
UIM leadership.
Ross began his political involvement with the Ulster Clubs which emerged in the 1980s to galvanise opposition to the Anglo-Irish Agreement and appeared on the BBC's local news programme in August 1986 to launch an attack on cross-border co-operation. Eventually the UIM developed out of this group and Ross became leader of the main avowedly Ulster nationalist organisation in Northern Ireland's history.
Ross enjoyed relatively high vote shares as a candidate at both the Upper Bann by-election of 1990 and the 1994 European elections. He headed the list for the UIM at the 1996 elections for the Northern Ireland Forum (a precursor to the Northern Ireland Assembly) although he failed to get elected and has since largely left politics, emerging from time to time to write articles for the Ulster Third Way journal, "Ulster Nation".
As a member of the Orange Order, Rev Ross was also involved in the difficulties over the march to Drumcree Church and addressed rallies of Order supporters in the area.
"The Committee" allegations.
Ross' retirement from the political scene was in part caused by accusations in a Channel 4 documentary that he was part of a committee which oversaw collusion between the Royal Ulster Constabulary and loyalists.
The programme and resulting book claimed that the Ulster Loyalist Central Co-ordinating Committee (ULCCC), an umbrella group for loyalist paramilitary organisations that had been refounded in 1991 actually acted as a co-ordination body between a number of leading community figures including Ross, Ulster Bank chief Billy Abernethy with elements of the Royal Ulster Constabulary and loyalist gunmen such as Billy Wright with the aim of identifying targets. One of the leading sources for the book was Jim Sands, a UIM member who served as assistant to Ross. Sands claimed that Ross was a leading member of the ULCCC and thus had an input in deciding the targets of loyalist terror groups. Sands further claimed that Ross believed in a militantly violent path to Ulster nationalism and claimed in a 1991 interview that Ross aimed to form a symbiotic relationship between the UIM and Ulster Resistance in the style of Sinn Féin and the Provisional Irish Republican Army. Other UIM activists were implicated in the allegations, such as Nelson McCausland, whilst Abernethy was a supporter having signed the nomination papers for Ross's candidacy in Upper Bann.
In response to the initial broadcast Ross appeared on the Channel 4 programme "Right to Reply". During the show Ross argued that he had no links to paramilitaries or the 'Inner Force' of the RUC and added that clips shown of him speaking had been taken out of context and amounted to only a few minutes from an interview that lasted a few hours. He further added that he had only agreed to work with the Committee's makers as he felt it was an opportunity to promote his largely unknown political party. Ross was accompanied to the studio by David Trimble and it was later alleged that the two had a close relationship, founded on their mutual interest in Ulster nationalism (it being claimed that after his spell in the Vanguard Progressive Unionist Party Trimble had been involved in authoring the pro-independence booklet "Beyond the Religious Divide", produced by the New Ulster Political Research Group in 1977).
Following the "Right to Reply" appearance Ross sent a letter to the producers of the Committee threatening them with a defamation suit, although ultimately nothing came of this. Sands would later claim that his evidence regarding UIM involvement in any conspiracy had been a hoax. Despite this Ross was photographed in July 1995 at what was purported to be ULCCC meeting in attendance with Abernethy and Alex Kerr, an associate of Billy Wright.
Ultimately the allegations remained unproven, but the incident damaged Ross's reputation and saw membership of the UIM dwindle. The group disappeared after the 1996 Northern Ireland Forum elections and Ross took no further part in politics.

</doc>
<doc id="2884153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884153" title="General Theory">
General Theory

General theory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2884154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884154" title="Dynamic scoring">
Dynamic scoring

Dynamic scoring predicts the impact of fiscal policy changes by forecasting the effects of economic agents' reactions to incentives created by policy. It is an adaptation of static scoring, the traditional method for analyzing policy changes.
When feasible, the method yields a more accurate prediction of a policy's impact on a country's fiscal balance and economic output. The potential for heightened accuracy arises from recognition that households and firms will alter their behavior to continue maximizing welfare (households) or profits (firms) under the new policy. Dynamic scoring is more accurate than static scoring when the econometric model correctly captures "how" households and firms will react to a policy change.
Dynamic scoring is difficult to apply in practice due to the complexity of modeling economic agents' behavior. Economists must infer from economic agents' current behavior how the agents would behave under the new policy. Difficulty increases as the proposed policy becomes increasingly unlike current policy. Likewise, the difficulty of dynamic scoring increases as the time horizon under consideration lengthens. This is due to any model's intrinsic inability to account for unforeseen external shocks in the future.
Further, the reaction to policy changes may not occur quickly, and thus an intrinsic lag in market behavior obscures the real effect of policy changes.
United States.
The methodologies of scoring have origins in Arthur Laffer's "Laffer Curve" (i.e. tax receipts vs tax rates) of the Reagan administration. Using dynamic scoring has recently been promoted by Republican legislators to argue that supply-side tax policy, for example the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2011 GOP Path to Prosperity proposal, return higher benefits in terms of GDP growth and revenue increases than are predicted from static scoring. Some economists argue that their dynamic scoring conclusions are overstated, pointing out that CBO practices already include some dynamic scoring elements and that to include more may lead to politicization of the department.
On May 9, 2013, Rep. Tom Price introduced the Pro-Growth Budgeting Act of 2013 (H.R. 1874; 113th Congress) into the United States House of Representatives. The bill would require the Congressional Budget Office to provide a macroeconomic impact analysis for bills that are estimated to have a large budgetary effect. This would mean using a dynamic scoring method.

</doc>
<doc id="2884162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884162" title="House of Pain (album)">
House of Pain (album)

House of Pain, subtitled Fine Malt Lyrics, is the debut album of American hardcore hip hop group House of Pain, released in 1992 through XL Records and Tommy Boy Records.
Track listing.
Subsequent reissues contain an additional track, "Shamrocks & Shenanigans (Boom Shalock Lock Boom / Butch Vig Mix)".
Personnel.
House of Pain:
Producers: 

</doc>
<doc id="2884165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884165" title="Voluntary Committee of Lawyers">
Voluntary Committee of Lawyers

The original Voluntary Committee of Lawyers (VCL) was founded in 1927 to bring about the repeal of prohibition and the Volstead Act. With its urging, the American Bar Association called for repeal in 1928. Under the leadership of Joseph H. Choate, Jr., lawyers in every state were actively involved in working to bring about repeal, which occurred in 1933. At that time, the VCL closed its books and ceased to exist.
Modern incarnation.
The modern Voluntary Committee of Lawyers was incorporated in 1996, established through its Founding Committee, including former U.S. Attorneys General Elliot Richardson and Nicholas Katzenbach, former American Bar Association President George Bushnell, former Third Federal Circuit Chief Judge A. Leon Higginbotham, Jr. and the celebrated labor lawyer Theodore W. Kheel. The modern VCL was inspired by the same group of its name, but now focuses on the modern war on drugs. 
Today the VCL is an association of lawyers and judges who share misgivings about the wisdom and consequences of the perpetual War on Drugs. The VCL is promoting, both within the legal profession and beyond, an informed and honest examination of the costs of current drug policies in economic, political and social terms. The VCL currently works by establishing projects or committees within organized bar associations, and as a membership association for lawyers and judges.

</doc>
<doc id="2884167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884167" title="Boardwalk (nightclub)">
Boardwalk (nightclub)

The Boardwalk was a bar/nightclub based on the corner of Snig Hill and Bank Street, Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. The venue played host to many up-and-coming home-grown bands, as well as smaller touring bands and cover acts. In November 2010, the landlord of the venue voluntarily placed the owning company into administration and closed the site indefinitely. Despite an official statement in December of the same year claiming three potential parties to be interested in operating the venue, this did not materialise and the Boardwalk remained closed.
The Boardwalk held an important place in Sheffield's music scene since the 1960s, when it was known as the Black Swan (and later by its local nickname, the Mucky Duck). It played host to a number of high-profile bands including AC/DC and Genesis, with The Clash playing their first ever gig at the venue on a bill that also included Sex Pistols and Buzzcocks.
In its later years, the music venue had helped facilitate the rise of local bands such as Arctic Monkeys, Tomato Plant, Bromheads Jacket, Milburn, Bring Me the Horizon, and Little Man Tate, with the former naming their first demo "Beneath the Boardwalk".

</doc>
<doc id="2884177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884177" title="Sherry Smith">
Sherry Smith

Sherrod Malone (Sherry) Smith (February 18, 1891 – September 12, 1949) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball. From 1911 until 1927, he pitched for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1911–12), Brooklyn Robins (1915–17, 1919–1922) and Cleveland Indians (1922–1927). Smith batted right-handed and threw left-handed. He was born in Monticello, Georgia. 
In a 14-season career, Smith posted a 114–118 record with 428 strikeouts and a 3.32 ERA in 2052.2 innings pitched.
Smith died in Reidsville, Georgia, at age 58.

</doc>
<doc id="2884201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884201" title="Wolf (disambiguation)">
Wolf (disambiguation)

Wolf (plural: wolves) refers to the Gray wolf, "Canis lupus".
Wolf or wolves may also refer to:
Places.
Astronomy.
There are many celestial objects named for astronomer Max Wolf:

</doc>
<doc id="2884207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884207" title="Advanced Research and Assessment Group">
Advanced Research and Assessment Group

The Advanced Research and Assessment Group (ARAG) was a department of the Defence Academy of the United Kingdom concerned with long-term planning and threat assessment. 
ARAG was established in 2005 by Chris Donnelly CMG, the former principal advisor to NATO Sec. Gen. He realised that across the UK MoD and wider government no organisation was either adaptable or innovative enough to research 21st Century security challenges. ARAG brought together experts from the military, academia and other fields in "research clusters" dedicated to specific areas of concern, in order to provide policy-makers with focussed analysis of international security issues. ARAG members were hand-picked and came from a wide background of skills, experience and nationalities. ARAG subsumed the Conflict Studies Research Centre, previously known as the Soviet Studies Research Centre, which for nearly 40 years had studied the Soviet Union, working in open source organic languages to supplement MoD and Intelligence Service assets. ARAG worked across government departments undertaking both directed and undirected research and broadening its reach to encompass new security challenges such as China, cyber security and Strategic Communication. It produced a large number of research papers - made freely available to the public from the Defence Academy website - as well as more targeted limited distribution work. Many of these papers became seminal reference works including "A Reassessment" by Dr James Sherr, Charles Blandy's correct prediction of the Russian attack on Georgia, Professor James Pettifer's analysis of the Greek financial crisis and the joint paper by Major General Andrew Mackay and Commander Steve Tatham. Mackay is on public record as stating that ARAG was the only organisation in the MoD capable of helping him plan and write his operational design for his Brigade tour in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, in 2007. ARAG also administered the Defence Academy Reserve Cadre, a network of over 70 Reserve Forces personnel with unusual civilian skills sets or languages. The Cadre personnel were designed to augment regular forces and other government departments in providing specialist civilian skills in operational areas. They were also, at one point, the only part of the UK Defence Community directly assisting the UK Prevent agenda through their mentoring at the Active Change Foundation. The cadre was described by then Vice Chief of Defence Staff General Sir Timothy Granville-Chapman as a 'work of genius'.
In 2007 Mr Donnelly handed management of ARAG to Dr Jamie MacIntosh, the former Special Advisor to the Home Secretary Dr John Reid. Dr MacIntosh was responsible for advising Dr Reid to split the functions of the Home Office – declaring that it was not 'fit for purpose'.
ARAG was renamed Research & Assessment Branch in late 2009 and, losing its own budget, incorporated into the Defence Academy's HQ Building - newly refurbished to accommodate them. Widely flagged as a means to preserve ARAG's capability, the Defence Academy's Director General, Lieutenant General Andrew Graham, told the staff that he was 'passionate about research' and that the capability was secure under his tenure. However less than three months later and despite having an annual budget of less than £1 million, ARAG was closed down in February 2010 by General Graham as a cost-saving measure. The move was widely condemned, with letters of protest being sent from government departments, the security services, former senior members of the US government, academia and other organisations. However ARAG and its new head had already made itself unpopular in Whitehall for pointing out the many failures of government departments and agencies as part of their 'red-teaming' function. R&AB also made itself unpopular within the Defence Academy itself – suggesting that whilst over 300 military officers graduated each year from the JSCSC Staff Courses there was no measure of effectiveness of the courses and no way to measure their value for money. R&AB staff also pointed out inconsistencies and failings of the various contracts and PFIs that existed in the Defence Academy. For example, despite Kings College London and SERCO receiving millions in public money, no online research papers were available to students - a basic research tool enjoyed by every other University in the UK - and basic administrative functions were hugely and disproportionately expensive. As a consequence many senior officers were reluctant to make a case for its retention. The comments from Kings College London Staff were particularly revealing. The BBC featured its demise, twice, in "The World at One" on 3 Feb 2010 and a large number of PQs were raised by various MPs. The answers provided by the then Minister for the Armed Forces, Bill Rammall, were confused and suggested that ARAG's functions would be handed to other organisations - a clear breach of negotiated Union arrangements and as such the basis of an ongoing dispute between the Defence Academy and the Prospect Union. Since the vast majority of ARAG and R&AB's work was undertaken in organic language analysis, it is unclear how such functions could be fulfilled by Kings College London or Cranfield University. In discussions with staff after the decision it became apparent that the senior management of the Defence Academy were unaware of much of the work R&AB had undertaken - a failing that many of the staff attributed to firstly Dr Macintosh, who in 2009 had inexplicably ceased the publication of all R&AB papers for nearly one year, and secondly to Lt General Graham who has taken a far less hands on approach with Defence Academy business than his predecessor Lieutenant General John Kiszely, who had been actively involved in many of ARAGs projects - instead creating a new 1 Star post (Army Brigadier Sean Crane) to help oversea the Academy's multi-million pound business. 
With no tangible written output for nearly a year, Brigadier Crane questioned the worth of the unit and its Head was apparently unable to make a case for its retention. At its close the 25 full-time R&AB staff spoke 27 languages and administered a distributed global network of associates and subject matter experts of over 5000 people world-wide. All of R&AB's civil servants joined the MoD re-deployment pool whilst its long standing contractors - Persian, Arabic and Russian analysts - were laid off. R&AB's network of experts was dismantled. No other comparable organisation exists in the Western world. The Reserve Cadre was also disbanded at the same time.
In April 2010 Dr Macintosh was loaned by the MoD to a new crisis and resilience research centre at University College London founded by Dr John Reid for a period of three years. Many of the new centre's functions (Quote: the institute will encompass themes such as behaviour, capacity, media, strategy and development unquote ) exactly mirror those of the former R&AB, leading to further accusations that the MoD still requires the functions formally provided by R&AB. 
In September 2010, members of the ARAG team laid off by the Defence Academy re-established its core functionality to supply its expertise and insight to commercial and government customers at will, independently of the Ministry of Defence. The new Conflict Studies Research Centre is a research, analysis and consultancy group with strong expertise in Eurasian area studies and defence studies, cyber security, energy security and terrorist finance.

</doc>
<doc id="2884215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884215" title="Same as It Ever Was">
Same as It Ever Was

Same as It Ever Was is the second album from House of Pain, released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="2884228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884228" title="Jean-Pierre Rives">
Jean-Pierre Rives

Jean-Pierre Rives (born 31 December 1952) is a French champion rugby player and visual artist. "A cult figure in France," according to the "BBC", he came to epitomise the team's spirit and "ultra-committed, guts-and-glory style of play." He won 59 caps for France – 34 of them as Captain of the French National Rugby team – and was inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame. After retiring from the sport, Rives concentrated entirely on his art. He is both a painter and a sculptor, and exhibiting regularly at prominent public venues all over the globe. Rives was awarded the Order of the Legion of Honor and the National Order of Merit by the government of France.
Early life and career.
Jean-Pierre Rives was born on 31 December 1952 in Saint-Simon, a suburb of Toulouse, in the Haute-Garonne department of southwestern France. He grew up with his brother Philippe in the family of Jo and Lydia Rives. Jean-Pierre started drawing and painting in primary school – a passion that would stay with him throughout his whole life. His father was a pilot and an avid tennis player, and he encouraged his son, who excelled in athletics at early age, to pursue tennis, but it was rugby that would become Jean-Pierre Rives' ultimate choice.
Rugby.
Rives began playing rugby for his hometown club in 1974. Even though he was considered to be too small to play as flanker, standing at 5 ft 10 in (178 cm), he decisively proved the doubters wrong, and it was not long until his unmistakable talent gained attention from the national selectors. Rives made his France debut against England in 1975, at the age of 22, marking the start of an international career that would take him to the very top in terms of both personal and team achievements.
Jean-Pierre Rives was instrumental in helping France to the Grand Slam in 1977 and was installed as French captain during the 1978 season. He played for TOEC, Beaumont and Stade Toulousain, then in 1981 left Toulouse to join Racing Club de France. During Rives' rugby career, the essence of his game was to be always close to the ball, in the thick of the action. He was dubbed the "Casque d'or" (French for "Golden helmet") due to his long and wild blond hair. Roger Couderc, a celebrated French media personality, came up with this nickname that stuck with Rives throughout his entire career. It was his hair, along with his bravery, which also brought him the nickname Asterix.
Rives captained France in 34 games, a world record at the time, and played in the teams which completed the Grand Slam in the (then) Five Nations Championship in 1977 and 1981. Rives also captained the first French side to beat the All Blacks in New Zealand and was elected France's Player of the Year in 1977, 1979 and 1981. He also played for a World XV on 9 August 1980 against in Buenos Aires, losing 36–22. Rives would have his career ended by a succession of shoulder injuries in 1984. His final match for France came in that year's Five Nations defeat to Scotland at Murrayfield.
In 2000, a documentary feature film entitled "L'Empreinte des champions: Jean-Pierre Rives" ("The Mark of the Champions: Jean-Pierre Rives") was released and made headlines. The reviews were largely positive, but there were detractors as well. The loudest criticism came from Libération, which found the documentary to be "evocative of a hagiography about a member of the Politburo, released by the Soviet news media." "Altruism, courage, charisma, generosity, moral strength, humility –  it's all there," lamented the left leaning French daily.
Jean-Pierre Rives was influential in France's bid to host the 2007 Rugby World Cup, and played a part in the trophy presentation following the tournament's final. One of his sculptures is now a part of the French rugby calendar, after he was asked in 2007 to design the Giuseppe Garibaldi Trophy. The trophy is awarded annually to the winner of the Six Nations match between France and Italy. Also in 2007, Roselyne Bachelot, the French Minister of Health, inaugurated a new Sports Center in Courbevoie, a suburb of Paris. To honor Rives' brilliant achievements, the spacious new 272000 square foot Sports Complex was named "Espace Jean-Pierre Rives."
A "legend", according to the "BBC", and "a blood-stained hero remains an iconic presence to fans the world over", according the "ESPN", Jean-Pierre Rives' fame transcends sport. He has been an inspiration and a role model for fans across generational and cultural lines."I marvel at the emergence of an artist like Jean-Pierre Rives," wrote the prize winning French author Antoine Blondin. Other admirers included such luminaries as architect Jean Nouvel, admittedly not a sports enthusiast, television personality Maïtena Biraben, who calls him "her idol," and actor Hugh Jackman, who said of him, "I was pretty obsessed with rugby player Jean-Pierre Rives. A small guy on the field, he finished every game with blood on face."
Art.
– Jean-Pierre Rives.
Jean-Pierre Rives turned to art full-time after his retirement from rugby in 1984. Art had been his passion since early boyhood, and he immersed himself in it with dedication that soon earned him critical acclaim. Rives' chosen media became painting and sculpture, which he took up when he was still a rugby player, after meeting a well-known French sculptor and Prix de Rome winner, Albert Feraud. The two men found a commonality of aesthetics, and Rives moved to a house not far away from Feraud's home in Bagneux. Many of Rives' earlier sculptures were created in Feraud's atelier, where both artists worked side by side. "He invited me to his studio, and I never got out," Rives told Hugh Schofield of the "BBC". Rives considers Albert Feraud a great man and an inspiration. Another artist that inspired Rives' work is a Polish-born French painter Ladislas Kijno.
The bond between art and sport feels natural to Rives, as he believes that art and rugby can be interconnected, and emotions are found in both. "In sports you make movement and you are maybe sculpting or painting in the space with your body," he told Clara Iaccarino of the "Sydney Morning Herald". "In art you use instruments. Art is just energy, you have to do it; it has to come out." He works in a disused railway shed in the north of Paris, where he forms and twists his found steel, manipulating the shapes created by the resulting positive and negative spaces. He cuts the beams strategically to form complex compositions in which the hardness of the steel forms a powerful juxtaposition to the soft curves. Rives' sculptures were called by the French "La Dépêche du Midi" "a marvelous mixture of suffering, grace and beauty."
Rives sees his paintings as the two-dimensional reflections of his sculptures. He uses the word "impression" to describe both the technique and the philosophy applied to his canvases. The impression is made by a mark or an indentation created by pressure, as if his sculptures were dipped in tar and paint and then pressed onto the surface of a canvas. This term "impression" also alludes to the effect the paintings produce on the viewer, and the feelings they evoke.
Jean-Pierre Rives’ sculptures have been showcased at public venues around the world including the prestigious Jardin du Luxembourg in Paris, a stone's throw from the classical Senate building, in 2002. This installation marked the first time sculptures were exhibited there since Auguste Rodin's exhibition more than a century ago. A widely attended and written about vernissage attracted many of France's powerful political and business leaders and, according to the influential Le Point, included "a pack of Rives' elite" – friends and collectors all – Serge Kampf, founder of Cap Gemini, Claude Bébéar, founder of AXA, Henri Lachmann, CEO of Schneider Electric, Jean-René Fourtou, Chairman of Vivendi, Pierre Dauzier, President of Havas and Thierry Breton Chairman of France Télécom and future Finance Minister. Other large scale shows included the annual "Sculpture by the Sea" exhibition in Sydney, Australia, in 2007, an exhibition in the historically important Royal Park in Brussels, Belgium, in 2009, an exhibition in the 18th century sculpture garden Le Grand Rond in Toulouse, France, in 2010 and an installation on the Dag Hammarskjold Plaza in Manhattan, New York, in 2010, to name a few.
Jean-Pierre Rives' work is found in numerous private and public collections throughout the globe, including Musée du quai Branly in Paris, Musee d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, also in Paris, and Asago Art Village Museum and Sculpture Garden in Asago, Japan, among many others. He is represented in the U.S. by the Serge Sorokko Gallery.
Personal life.
Jean-Pierre Rives met his first wife, an American model and singer/songwriter Jennifer Taylor, in Paris, in the early 1980s. The marriage ended in a divorce. He has since remarried and fathered two sons – Jasper and Kino-Jean. Rives and his wife, Sonia, split their time between Ibiza and St-Tropez, where they live in a wooden family home that resembles a tree house. The property is located near a local golf course and includes a luscious garden, with a bamboo grove, mimosa bushes, and lemon and fig trees. He loves life on the Mediterranean, where he can paint and sculpt in peace and solitude.

</doc>
<doc id="2884230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884230" title="Togba-Nah Tipoteh">
Togba-Nah Tipoteh

Togba-Nah Tipoteh (born 1941 in Monrovia, Liberia) is a politician, economist, and educator, having mostly recently been presidential candidate for Liberia's 2005 elections, running as the candidate for the Alliance for Peace and Democracy. He has worked in international development in the United States, the Netherlands, Mozambique, Ghana, South Africa and other countries, as well as for the United Nations system: Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), International Monetary Fund (IMF), African Economic Community (ECA), and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD).
For more than three decades, he has been actively involved with democratic activities in promotion of human rights, liberties, constitutional rule, and growth with development in Liberia and throughout Africa. He is President of the Movement for Justice in Africa (MOJA), an organization with a Pan-African strategy for justice and democracy; Presidential Candidate for the Liberian People's Party (LPP); founding Chairman of the Collaborating Political Parties (CPP), an alliance of Liberian political parties; Director-General of SUSUKUU, Liberia's oldest (founded in 1971), a non-governmental development organization credited by the West Africa Peacekeeping Force (ECOMOG) as helping to disarm over 10,000 combatants; and former Chairman of the Interest Groups of Liberia, a consortium of 32 national organizations with a collective membership of well over one million persons.
Tipoteh is also a businessman, serving as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Kukatornon Reconstruction Corporation. He was Liberia's national Tennis Champion for 15 unbroken years. He created a scholarship program, where he mentors and sends hundreds of children from all counties of Liberia to schools and colleges in Liberia. To his admirers he is known as "the only man on the ground" -- the only presidential candidate to remain in Liberia after the 1997 election. <br>
Tipoteh wearing an Obama's t-shirt the last weekend of the US Presidential election endorsed Barack Obama of the Democratic Party predicting that Obama will win the election.
In a statement endorsing President Sirleaf, Dr. Tipoteh said his party’s decision followed observation and evaluation of the two parties in the run-off, based on the issue of societal transparency.
The FAPL Standard Bearer, and renowned Liberian politician, said their evaluation showed that the ruling Unity Party has a better record for transparency, and noted that the high level of transparency under UP’s leadership provides the opportunity for the FAPL and other parties to freely critique government’s performance.
Dr. Tipoteh stressed that the choice was made freely, as the FAPL places the highest value on freedom in the process of rebuilding Liberia.
In response, the Unity Party Standard Bearer, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, said she was accepting the endorsement with pleasure and pride.
According to an Executive Mansion release, President Johnson said the endorsement was a sign that the Unity Party has reached a place where it can be dedicated to peace, transparency and integrity for the development of Liberia, as it comes from a person who has demonstrated integrity and consistence in principles. “Dr. Tipoteh never wavers in what he believes in. He has spoken out; he has criticized; he has praised; he has taken issues. But in all of those, it was because of the belief that he has. Very few people can show this kind of consistency over the period of forty years,” said the President, in appreciation of the work of the FAPL Standard Bearer.
Madam Johnson Sirleaf said she believes that Dr. Tipoteh and the FAPL would not have endorsed the Unity Party if they did not believe that the party shares the same ideals and can deliver. She described the endorsement as a partnership that will be carried forward with the aim of trying to unite the people, to reconcile the Liberian people in order to keep Liberia on the right course for peace and development.
The Unity Party Standard Bearer urged partisans and supporters of the Freedom Alliance Party of Liberia to reach out to their friends and associates to ensure victory in the second round and for a lasting partnership. “Our first challenge is to win the election, so we will work with you and you will work with us in that regard to bring all under this umbrella toward the achievement of that goal” the President concluded.
The endorsement ceremony took place at the FAPL headquarters in Sinkor. Endorsements of President Sirleaf and her Unity Party have also come from other parties that contested the October 11 Presidential Elections, most prominent among them being the National Union for Democratic Progress (NUDP) party of Senator Prince Y. Johnson.
Following the program in which she received the FAPL endorsement, President Sirleaf resumed campaigning by visiting several communities in Montserrado County, interacting with residents in the run-up to the November 8 run-off election.
Education.
He earned bachelors and masters degrees in economics from Ohio University (Athens) and Ohio State University in Columbus, USA in June 1963 and 1964 respectively.
Awards.
For Courage: by the National Internally Displaced People Association (NIDPA), a Liberian Civil society organization with membership from 9 displaced camps.
Family.
Born in Monrovia to Rev. and Mrs. Samuel Togba Roberts of Grand Kru County. Married 
former Ms. Fatu Kanneh of Lofa County.

</doc>
<doc id="2884231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884231" title="Truth Crushed to Earth Shall Rise Again">
Truth Crushed to Earth Shall Rise Again

Truth Crushed to Earth Shall Rise Again is the third album from House of Pain, released in 1996 (see 1996 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="2884233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884233" title="Insert">
Insert

Insert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2884237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884237" title="Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy">
Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy

The Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy is a cricket trophy awarded annually by the International Cricket Council to its chosen world player of the Year. It was first awarded in 2004 to Rahul Dravid.
The trophy is handcrafted by leading international crystal manufacturer Swarovski. The design features a red crystal cricket ball studded with over 4200 Swarovski crystal chantons, resting on a brass hand extended from a gold-plated base.
The trophy is named after former West Indies cricket captain Sir Garfield Sobers, whose name was chosen by a panel consisting of Richie Benaud, Sunil Gavaskar and Michael Holding. They were asked by the ICC to select "an individual with whom to honour cricket's ultimate individual award".
Selection.
The recipient of the annual award is selected by an "academy" of 56 individuals (expanded from 50 in 2004), including the current national team captains of the Test-playing nations (10), members of the elite panel of ICC umpires and referees (18), and certain prominent former players and cricket correspondents (28). In the event of a tie in the voting, the award is shared.
List of Winners.
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

</doc>
<doc id="2884242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884242" title="Langfang Incident">
Langfang Incident

The Langfang Incident (廊坊事件) was a military incident of the Second Sino-Japanese War that occurred on July 26, 1937 in Langfang, a town en route from Beijing to Tianjin. The Japanese dispatched troops there as part of an organised attack on the 29th Army.

</doc>
<doc id="2884244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884244" title="Shamrocks &amp; Shenanigans">
Shamrocks &amp; Shenanigans

Shamrocks & Shenanigans – The Best of House of Pain and Everlast is a best-of album from House of Pain and its former lead rapper Everlast, which was released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2884256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884256" title="River Brain">
River Brain

The River Brain is a river in Essex, England that gives its name to the town of Braintree, though in fact Braintree lies on a low ridge between the Brain and the River Blackwater. Above Braintree it is known as Pods Brook. The brook rises near the village of Bardfield Saling. Below Braintree the Brain joins the Blackwater on the outskirts of Witham.

</doc>
<doc id="2884259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884259" title="The Yo-Yo Gang">
The Yo-Yo Gang

The Yo-Yo Gang is a thirty minute 'Exploitation film' about girl gangs released in 1992.
Directed by G.B. Jones, this 'no budget film' follows the exploits of two girl gangs, the "Yo-Yo Gang" and the "Skateboard Bitches", as a gangwar erupts between them. The tag line for the film reads: "Gang girls frequently out-curse, out-fight and out-sex every boys' gang around".
In between fighting, the film features scenes of the girls getting tattooed, piercing each other's ears, beating up boys, playing arcade games, riding scooters and talking on the phone.
The film was made using Super 8mm film format. It was shot in Toronto, Ontario, and San Francisco, California. Posters and stills from the film are featured in the book named after the director, "G.B. Jones
The theme song, "Yo-Yo" is performed by Fifth Column and the film also features songs by Human Ashtrays and by Anti-Scrunti Faction, seen performing their song "Frat Boy". The soundtrack, including these bands and songs, was a cassette tape only release on Bitch Nation Tapes.
The film stars a number of notable musicians, including both members of Anti-Scrunti Faction, Leslie Mah, also of Tribe 8, and Tracie Thomas; Donna Dresch of Team Dresch; and Caroline Azar, Beverly Breckenridge, and Anita Smith, all Fifth Column members.
The cover of the Fifth Column album "36-C" features a still shot of Jena von Brücker from the film. The cover of the Fifth Column 7 " single, "All Women Are Bitches", features a still shot of Anita Smith from the film, and the flipside, "Donna", features a still shot of Donna Dresch from the film.
"The Yo-Yo Gang" has played at film festivals and galleries around the world as well as at universities and colleges, and continues to be screened today.
Previously, G.B. Jones had directed the short film "The Troublemakers", released in 1990. After "The Yo-Yo Gang", she directed the feature film "The Lollipop Generation", released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2884260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884260" title="Herb Jepko">
Herb Jepko

Herb Jepko (March 20, 1931 - March 31, 1995) was an influential radio talk show host in Salt Lake City from 1964 to 1990. He was the first radio talk show host to do a nationally syndicated, satellite-delivered program.
Early years.
According to the Arizona Department of Health Services, Herb Jepko was born in Hayden, Colorado to a single mother named Mary Irene Parke. He was originally named William, but when he was adopted by Metro and Nellie Jepko of Prescott, Arizona, they renamed him Herbert Earl Jepko. Metro and Nellie's marriage was not a happy one. After they divorced, Metro got custody, but he was a wounded World War I veteran, and he soon took ill. With his father unable to care for him, Herb had to spend time in foster care off and on. He attended school in Prescott, but then his father got healthy enough to take care of him again, and in 1949, they moved to Phoenix. Herb graduated high school there, and briefly attended Phoenix College, which was then a small two-year college and is today flagship of the Maricopa Community College system. [http://www.maricopa.edu/ He hoped to become a doctor, but soon ran out of money and was drafted into the Army. (1) It was during his time in the military that he discovered his life's work—radio, working in Radio-Television Operations while serving in the Korean War. 
After completing his military service, he found work in radio at several stations around the Western United States, including KVNA in Flagstaff, AZ and KFI in Los Angeles. It was while he was the promotion director at KFI that he was influenced by a popular late night host named Ben Hunter, whose overnight call-in program was called the Night Owl show. Hunter's work was getting a lot of positive attention, and Herb was impressed with how loyal the late-night audience was. He stayed in LA throughout the rest of the 50s, where he married Patsy Little Brown (listeners would later know her as 'Pat'). Herb, Patsy and their five children from previous marriages moved to Salt Lake City, her home town, in the early 1960s. They later had one child together, Herb Jepko Junior (Jep or Jeppy). By all accounts, they deeply loved each other and their relationship was a strong one.
Radio career.
Herb was hired by several Salt Lake City-area stations, including KCPX, where he played jazz for the late night audience; and a new station, KANN in Ogden UT, where he did the afternoon drive shift. Then, in 1962, Herb joined radio station KSL first doing mid-days, and then in April 1963, becoming the station's morning show disc jockey, a shift he held throughout the rest of 1963. Despite being in a very visible shift, Herb was puzzled that KSL signed off at midnight, even though it was a 50,000-watt clear channel station whose booming signal reached most of the western half of North America. He knew how successful Ben Hunter's show had been, and he believed there was a similar late night audience in Salt Lake City that was not being served. On 11 February 1964, Herb's late-night show aired for the first time. It was an open-mic call-in show, initially known as "The Other Side of the Day," and later named the "Nitecaps" in a contest for a new name held among listeners early in the show's first year. By early November 1975, this show became the first nationally syndicated call-in talk show, when the Mutual Broadcasting System agreed to syndicate it. One of the stations that picked it up via Mutual, WHAS in Louisville, was a 50,000-watt "flamethrower" like KSL. The two stations' combined power brought Nitecaps to nearly all of North America.
Jepko's groundbreaking syndication is often cited as the pioneering kick-start for nationally broadcast talk-radio that allowed for the prominence of such hosts as Larry King and Phil Donahue. Ironically, when Jepko's Mutual contract was terminated on 29 May 1977, he was replaced first by Long John Nebel and Candy Jones (a husband and wife team), and then six months later (following Long John's untimely death) by Larry King. (Jepko had evidently been offered a chance to stay with Mutual if he would become more controversial and try to attract a younger audience, but he adamantly refused, feeling he had an obligation to his existing, largely rural and older listeners.) (2)
"The Herb Jepko Nitecap Show" was idiosyncratic, never focusing one any single topic. Carrying a laid-back atmosphere inherent to its (then unusual) 12:00 AM – 6:00 AM time slot, the show consisted entirely of listener call-ins: any subject the listener wished to talk about, no matter how big or small, was allowed, and the only forbidden topics were politics and denominational religion. Later, as the show became more popular, callers were limited to one call every two weeks of no more than 5 minutes. Jepko would run a recording of "Tinkerbell," a music box rendition of the song "Never On Sunday," to indicate that the caller's time was done.
Many of the listeners were elderly or shut-ins, or long-distance truckers, but a number were insomniacs who enjoyed hearing a friendly voice. And in a world of angry talkers, Jepko, whose listeners called him "Herbie," was known for being friendly, warm, and thoroughly non-controversial. He told an interviewer in 1965 that he hoped his show would contribute to "good will and understanding," and that his listeners would feel they were part of a family. (3)
Jepko and the Nitecaps.
"Nitecaps" was more than just a radio show. It was a club — the Nitecaps International Association. Local members formed chapters, called "Nitestands." Members took Jepko's message about good will to heart, and volunteered their time to the elderly, ill, service men and women and shut-ins; Nitestands were not only for socializing with other fans of the show, but they were an opportunity to do charitable work in each local community. And sometimes, Jepko would come to town and do a live broadcast. Additionally, Herb and Patsy sponsored an annual convention for members, giving them an opportunity to meet each other. That sense of community was especially important, and Jepko promoted it whenever possible. The Nitecaps show had its own magazine, called "The Wick," and its own theme song — written by listener Della Dame, and performed by local musician Don Ray; it can be heard here. [http://www.nitecaps.net/audioclips.htm]. (The song was chosen by listeners from another on-air contest of listener created songs). Jepko also created a Nitecaps travel agency, and an insurance company, as well as compiling recipe books from recipes sent in by listeners. In fact, any Nitecaps listener could find a variety of merchandise that was available for purchase, often marketed in the pages of the Wick. (4)
The show had many regular callers, some of whom became celebrities of sorts among the listeners. They included "Maggie," an organist from California who often played songs for the listeners, a retired beekeeper named Leon, and a young caller from the East Coast known by the pseudonym "The Slasher." At a Nitecaps convention in Hunt Valley, MD, "The Slasher" delighted many (including Mr. Jepko himself) by making a personal appearance.
Although his fans adored him and loved the show, Jepko was dropped by MBS from syndication in late May 1977. His fans were very upset and insisted that he somehow stay on the air, so Jepko cobbled together fourteen stations, including the powerful KSL, which became the new "Nitecap Radio Network." Unfortunately by this time (unlike the early 1960s), Herb had plenty of late-night competition including 24-hour television, cable TV, 24-hour radio stations, and Larry King. When KSL dropped the show in late 1978, Herb continued the show on a handful of stations, eventually bankrupting his personal assets in an effort to keep going. Several attempts were made to resurrect the program, including one with clear-channel WOAI in the early 1980s, but none proved successful or long-lasting.
Final years.
Despite his popularity, Jepko did not significantly profit from his work. According to a former colleague, his Nitecaps show had been financially successful, but his deal with Mutual was not to his advantage. Where he and his staff had done all the selling of commercial time on the KSL program, the Mutual network insisted on doing the selling for the syndicated show. That would have been fine if Mutual understood how to sell late night radio, which was (and still is) largely driven by direct-response advertising (rather than ratings, or cost-per-point appeals). There were problems almost immediately, resulting in on-going friction between the way Mutual wanted things done and how Jepko thought things ought to be. Jepko ended up convinced that Mutual did not understand his unique audience. Mutual, on the other hand, faced with challenges gaining affiliate clearances for the show (only 70 or so of MBS's over 500 affiliates ever carried the show) decided Jepko's audience was too old, too rural, and not large enough to bring in a profit for the network. As Jepko perceived it, Mutual betrayed their original contract with him and gave up on the show. By the time Jepko's contract ended, Jepko had lost whatever money his original Nitecaps show had brought him. (5)
Jepko's youngest son, Herbert Earl Jr., died of AIDS in 1992. Jepko's health sharply declined after that, and there is anecdotal evidence from former colleagues that he had a drinking problem (6), which escalated during this time. The cause of his death was given as "liver failure." (7)
Some of his former listeners still recall him fondly as proving that a talk show could be kinder and gentler and still attract a wide audience at a time when radio was becoming more controversial and talkers more angry.
Herb Jepko was posthumously inducted into the Utah Broadcaster Association's Hall of Fame in 2003, and there is an effort to establish a Memorial scholarship fund in his name at the University of Utah, see www.nitecaps.net link below.
Works cited.
(1) Hilly Rose. "But That's Not What I Called About." Chicago: Contemporary Books, 1978, p. 48.
(2) Lynn Arave. "Utahn Helped Shape U.S. Radio." Deseret (Salt Lake City) Morning News, 16 February 2007.
(3) James Bapis. "Utah Radio Program Rekindles Human Values, Listeners Say." Ogden (UT) Standard-Examiner, 25 July 1965, p. 16.
(4) Mitch Broder. "Small-talk Show is Big Draw in Wee Hours." New York Times, 23 February 1975, p. D29.
(7) "Herb Jepko, Friend of Insomniacs Across the Nation, Dies at Age 64." Salt Lake City (UT) Tribune, 2 April 1995, p. B3.

</doc>
<doc id="2884264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884264" title="Resen (town)">
Resen (town)

Resen ( ) is a town in southwestern Macedonia, with just under 9,000 inhabitants. Resen is approximately equidistant between Bitola and Ohrid. The town rises above sea level and is situated near Lake Prespa. Resen is also the only town in the Prespa Lake area and is the seat of Resen Municipality.
Name.
The name of the city in Macedonian and Bulgarian is "Resen" (Ресен), in Serbian "Resan" (Ресан), and in Turkish "Resne", while in Greek it is "Resna" (Ρέσνα). In Albanian the town is known as "Resnjë" or "Resnja".
History.
The ancient Illyrian city of Damastion may be near Resen.
Resen's history dates back to Roman times when the famous road "Via Ignacia" was built, passing through the city.
During the Middle Ages, the Prespa area was part of the Bulgarian empire under Samuil. After the Battle of Klyuch, some of Samuil's soldiers, who were each blinded in one eye, settled in a village on the shore of Lake Prespa. The Byzantines called the village "Asamati". The Byzantine meaning of this word is "settlement of one-eyed people". From then on, Resen was under Byzantine rule.
Later, Resen became part of the Ottoman Empire, and it was the birthplace of Ahmed Niyazi Bey, an Albanian officer from a noble family of the town, who was one of the initiators and leaders of the Young Turk Revolution in the region in 1908. Ahmed Niyazi Bey's most famous monument in Resen is the Saraj, a French-style estate he built. In the late 19th and early 20th century, Resen was part of the Manastir Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire.
From 1929 to 1941, Resen was part of the Vardar Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Demographics.
As of the 2002 census, the town of Resen has 8,748 inhabitants and the ethnic composition was the following:
The mother tongues of the city's residents include the following:
The religious composition of the city was the following:
Climate.
Resen has a mild continental climate with cold winters and warm summers, which makes it a tourist attraction, especially in summer. The climate and the quality of soil are key factors for Prespa's region to have a long tradition of agriculture.
One of most important landmarks of Resen's today are the apple orchards, well known for the quality and specific taste of apples.
Culture.
Resen is home to Prespa's Ceramic Colony, established in the 1970s, which attracts renowned artists from all over the world. The organization is included in the UNESCO International Academy of Ceramics. It is housed in the Saraj, which also houses the Dragi Tozija House of Culture, the Keraca Visulčeva Gallery, and a library.

</doc>
<doc id="2884274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884274" title="Vidyāraṃbhaṃ">
Vidyāraṃbhaṃ

Vidyarambham () is a Hindu tradition observed on Vijayadashami day mainly in Kerala and Karnataka, where children are formally introduced to music, dance, languages and other folk arts. It involves a ceremony of initiation into the characters of the syllabary.
The Vijayadashami day is the tenth and final day of the Navratri celebrations, and is considered auspicious for beginning learning in any field. The process of learning and initiation on this day is also closely related to the Ayudha Puja ritual. It is usually on Vijayadashami that the implements kept for puja are taken up again for re-use. This is also considered a day when the Goddess of learning, Saraswati, and teachers (gurus) must be revered by giving Gurudakshina. This usually consists of a betel leaf, Areca nut, along with a small token of money and a new piece of clothing - a dhoti, mundu or saree.
The ceremony of "Vidyarambham" ("Vidya" means "knowledge", "arambham" means "beginning') for children is held in temples and in houses. It is common practise for thousands of people to visit temples to initiate their children into learning.
Initiation into the world of syllabary usually begins with the writing of the mantra
which means
Initially, the mantra is written on sand or in a tray of rice grains by the child, under the supervision of a master who conducts the ceremony (usually a priest or a guru). Then, the master writes the mantra on the child's tongue with gold. Writing on sand denotes practice. Writing on grains denotes the acquisition of knowledge, which leads to prosperity. Writing on the tongue with gold invokes the grace of the Goddess of Learning, by which one attains the wealth of true knowledge. The ritual also involves an invocation to Lord Ganapathy for an auspicious start to the learning process.
Nowadays, the Vidyarambham ceremony is celebrated by people across all castes and religions, with small variations in the rituals followed. The ritual is especially seen in many churches across Kerala, apart from the temples.

</doc>
<doc id="2884280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884280" title="Sukayu Onsen">
Sukayu Onsen

Climate.
Sukayu Onsen is one of the snowiest inhabited places on Earth (possibly the snowiest) with an average yearly snowfall of and a winter season record of . It also holds the record of having the highest snow depth ever recorded at a JMA certified weather station of , recorded on February 26, 2013. Despite the extremely high snowfall, Sukayu Onsen is accessible by road all year round.

</doc>
<doc id="2884286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884286" title="Hiram A. Tuttle">
Hiram A. Tuttle

Hiram Americus Turtle (October 16, 1837 – February 10, 1911) was an American merchant and Republican politician from Pittsfield, New Hampshire. Born in 1837 in Barnstead, New Hampshire, he served New Hampshire in the state's House of Representatives, as a member of the Governor's Council, and as governor. He died in 1911 in Pittsfield, New Hampshire.
Tuttle was elected Governor of New Hampshire by the New Hampshire state legislature

</doc>
<doc id="2884289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884289" title="Scorpion Swamp">
Scorpion Swamp

Scorpion Swamp is a single-player adventuring gamebook written by Steve Jackson (the American game designer, rather than the series co-creator), illustrated by Duncan Smith and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 8th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031829-1). There are currently no announced plans to republish this book as part of the modern Wizard series.
This was the first Fighting Fantasy book to be written by an author other than the two series co-creators. The book has three different successful endings and unlike most of the other Fighting Fantasy books the 400th reference does not contain an ending to the adventure.
Story.
Having acquired a magic Brass Ring from a mysterious old woman, which allows the player to detect evil and always know which way is north, the player enters the notorious Scorpion Swamp.
Unlike other Fighting Fantasy gamebooks, "Scorpion Swamp" allows the player to choose one of three quests – each from a patron who is either good, evil or neutral. The gameplay has a non-linear design, allowing the user to explore the swamp at will and return to locations previously visited, a first for the series. It an innovative book in another aspect of its format, in that it employed a grid system of locations to explore.<br>Whereas in other Fighting Fantasy books, a player who followed the options to go North, West, South then East was in no way guaranteed to end up where they started (one direction leading to a ten-mile walk, another taking them just a few yards), in "Scorpion Swamp" each location was equidistant from the others and roads only led in the four primary compass directions. Upon entering a location, the player was asked if they had been there before, and instructed accordingly. This combination of a cell system of locations, and the freedom to re-visit them, was closely modelled on the basic structure of most early computer adventures, with their arrays of locations which could be roamed around freely.<br>In this aspect, "Scorpion Swamp" was an analogue format cross-pollinated by the emerging digital culture. It gave early programmers a blueprint for designing a computer adventure game system, and was a significant innovation in Fighting Fantasy game design.
Quests.
Players choose from one of the following quests.
Setting.
This is the first Fighting Fantasy gamebook set in the continent of Khul, although this was not alluded to until the release of "Titan – The Fighting Fantasy World".

</doc>
<doc id="2884300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884300" title="Hinton/Entrance Airport">
Hinton/Entrance Airport

Hinton/Entrance Airport is located west of Hinton, Alberta, just north of the Athabasca River. Hangars, fuel, and minimal rest facilities on site.

</doc>
<doc id="2884308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884308" title="Ministries of Japan">
Ministries of Japan

The most influential part of the executive of the Japanese government are the ministries. In postwar politics, the posts of ministers have been given to senior legislators, mostly of the LDP. However, few ministers serve for more than one or two years to develop the necessary grasp of the organisation to become really influential. Thus, most of the power lies within the ministries, with the senior bureaucrats.
Cabinet Office.
The Cabinet Office is responsible for handling the day to day affairs of the cabinet. It consists of: 
Former ministries.
2001 Central Government Reform.
As a result of the Central Government Reform in 2001, many Ministries are reformed.

</doc>
<doc id="2884312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884312" title="The Bob Edwards Show">
The Bob Edwards Show

The Bob Edwards Show is an American radio program presented by Sirius XM Satellite Radio every weekday morning at 8 a.m. Eastern, with repeats at 8 a.m. Central, 7 a.m. Pacific, 6 p.m. Mountain, and the next day at 7 a.m. Eastern. The program can be heard on the Sirius XM Public Radio station at XM channel 121 and Sirius channel 205, and is also available 24/7 on XM Radio Online and Sirius Internet Radio.
The show is hosted by Bob Edwards, a Peabody Award-winning member of the National Radio Hall of Fame. Edwards was once the co-host of National Public Radio's "All Things Considered", and hosted NPR's "Morning Edition" from the first episode to April 30, 2004 when he was re-assigned to another position within NPR, despite email objections from more than 50,000 listeners. Edwards left his new assignment almost immediately, as Hugh Panero, CEO of XM Radio, offered Edwards a daily show.
"The Bob Edwards Show" continues the tradition of interviewing interesting people in all walks of life that Edwards exemplified on "Morning Edition", but now in long form. Edwards told the NewsHour with Jim Lehrer's Terrance Smith, "The longest interview I could do on the air for "Morning Edition" was eight minutes. Now I can interview someone for up to an hour. So it's a freer, more open, more relaxed and enjoyable conversation. The program's really about conversation." The show's first broadcast was on October 4, 2004, staffed by experienced public radio veterans. The first program included weekly political commentator "Washington Post" columnist David S. Broder, "USA Today" Supreme Court reporter Joan Biskupic, former CBS News anchor Walter Cronkite, and Eugene Robinson, author of "Last Dance in Havana".
Awards and Recognitions.
In 2006, interviews with musicians earned "The Bob Edwards Show" the Deems Taylor Award from ASCAP. The program also received a Gabriel Award from the Catholic Academy for Communication Arts Professionals for an interview with Father Gregory Boyle, a Jesuit priest who works with Latino gang members in east Los Angeles. The show earned a second Gabriel Award in 2007 for "Exploding Heritage," a documentary about mountaintop removal coal mining in Appalachia. "Exploding Heritage" also received the National Press Club's Robert L. Kozic Award for environmental reporting, a New York Festivals Gold World Medal for best program on the environment, and an award from the Society of Environmental Journalists. In 2008, "The Bob Edwards Show" received an Edward R. Murrow Award from the Radio-Television News Directors Association and a New York Festivals/United Nations Gold Award for a documentary called "The Invisible--Children Without Homes." "The Invisible" also was honored by the Journalism Center on Children and Families and by the Catholic Academy for Communication Arts Professionals. In 2009, the show received a Sigma Delta Chi Award from the Society of Professional Journalists for the documentary, "Stories from Third Med: Surviving a Jungle ER." The documentary also earned a Gabriel Award. In 2013, Bob's program was awarded a Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award for the documentary, "An Occupational Hazard: Rape in the Military."
Sirius XM Radio also produces the compilation program "Bob Edwards Weekend", distributed by Public Radio International for use by "terrestrial" public radio stations. It premiered on January 7-8, 2006, consisting of re-edited interviews from the weekday program.

</doc>
<doc id="2884314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884314" title="Maligiaq Padilla">
Maligiaq Padilla

Maligiaq Johnsen Padilla (pronounced muh-LIG-ee-ahk YOON-sen pa-DEE-uh) is a Greenlander (Maligiaq means 'medium sized wave' in Greenlandic) and a famous kayaker. In 1995, at the age of 13, he won every event in his age group at the National Kayaking Championship.
He is the only person in history to win four Greenland National Kayaking Championships, winning his first title at 16.

</doc>
<doc id="2884321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884321" title="Hugh Fraser (politician)">
Hugh Fraser (politician)

Major The Hon. Sir Hugh Charles Patrick Joseph Fraser MBE (23 January 1918 – 6 March 1984) was a British Conservative politician and first husband of the author Lady Antonia Fraser.
Life and work.
Youth and military career.
Fraser was a younger son of the 14th Lord Lovat and a prominent Roman Catholic. 
He was educated at Ampleforth College and Balliol College, Oxford, where he was President of the Oxford Union, and at the Sorbonne. He was commissioned into the Lovat Scouts in 1936. Fraser served in GHQ Liaison Regiment. Lieut. Fraser was promoted to temporary Captain wef 14 April 1942 and became second in command of ‘C’ Squadron. On 11 September 1943, ‘E’ Squadron commanded by Maj. Fraser embarked on HMS "Aurora" for Taranto, Italy, but it was allowed just four Jeeps fitted with Radio. In June 1944, he was serving with 'F' Squadron. On 22 October 1944, he was serving in ‘F’ Squadron. In November 1944, he was posted to IS9 as an Intelligence Officer. 
Fraser was appointed MBE: "In February, March and April of this year, he was responsible for planning and organising infiltration and evacuation operations in Southern Holland. Throughout, his work with IS 9 (WEA) has been outstanding, and his powers of leadership and sympathetic handling of agents have largely contributed to the success the operational teams have had during the past months." 
Fraser was awarded the 1940 Belgian Croix de Guerre with palm: "Capt Fraser was dropped by parachute near Somme-Leuze in the Ardennes on 1 Sept 1944 to act as Liaison Officer between HQ SAS Troops and the Commander of Zone the Belgian Arme Secrete in whose zone SAS parties if the Belgian SAS Regt were then operating. The Armee Secrete in the Ardennes was very short of arms and it was largely as a result of Capt Fraser's efforts that some 2000 arms were dropped to them in the next three weeks. He also organised the supply of local guides and of intelligence to the advancing US forces. From October 1944 until March 1945 Capt Fraser was in charge of an I.S. 9 Field Section in the Canadian Army sector in Holland where he did valuable work in arranging the exfiltration of allied evaders collected by Lt Kirschen (Belgian SAS Regt operation Fabian) in the Velune district." 
Capt. Fraser was entitled to the 1939-45 Star, the Africa Star with First Army clasp, Italy Star, the France and Germany Star and 1939-45 War Medal. 
Political career.
Fraser was elected Member of Parliament for Stone in 1945, later Stafford and Stone following constituency boundary changes, from 1950 until 1983, and then Stafford again until his death. He served as an MP continuously from 1945 until 1984 but did not become Father of the House as he was sworn in as an MP on 15 August 1945 while James Callaghan had been sworn in on 2 August 1945 and so he, rather than Fraser, became Father following the 1983 election. He was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Oliver Lyttelton (1951–54), a junior minister in the War Office (1958–60) and Colonial Office (1960–62), and Secretary of State for Air (1962–64). He was an unsuccessful candidate in the Conservative Party's 1975 leadership election, gaining 16 votes in the first round challenging incumbent Edward Heath, with the leadership eventually being won by Margaret Thatcher.
Private life.
Fraser married the future author Lady Antonia Pakenham, daughter of the Earl and Countess of Longford, on 25 September 1956. They had six children, Benjamin, Damian, Orlando, Rebecca, Flora and Natasha. In 1975, while she was still married to him, Lady Antonia Fraser met and started living with playwright Harold Pinter, who was also married at the time. The Frasers divorced in 1977; Lady Antonia married Pinter in 1980 when his divorce became final. 
Sir Hugh was the intended target of an IRA car bomb on 23 October 1975. The bomb had been fitted to one of the Fraser's cars outside their house at Campden Hill Square, London, W8. A noted cancer researcher, Professor Gordon Hamilton-Fairley, was walking past the car when the bomb exploded prematurely, killing Hamilton-Fairley immediately.
Death.
Sir Hugh Fraser remained in parliament until his death from lung cancer in March 1984, aged 66. Bill Cash retained the seat for the Tories at the by-election two months later.

</doc>
<doc id="2884324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884324" title="Tato Skins">
Tato Skins

Tato Skins is a brand of thick, dark, seasoned potato chip-like snacks available in several flavors (such as baked potato, Cheddar & bacon, sour cream & onion, and steak & potato). 
Tato Skins have been manufactured from their inception (around 1987) by Wabash Foods in Bluffton, Indiana. They were once marketed by Keebler but changed hands to Poore Brothers, which also markets them as T.G.I. Friday's Potato Skins Snack Chips.
They are similar to Pringles chips in that they are made from dehydrated potatoes and have a single shape.
Each chip has a light-colored side meant to represent the inside of the potato, and a dark-colored side meant to represent the skin.
External links.
Official Inventure Foods Tato Skins page

</doc>
<doc id="2884326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884326" title="Battle of Highbury">
Battle of Highbury

The "Battle of Highbury" was the name given to the football match between England and Italy that took place on 14 November 1934 at Arsenal Stadium, Highbury, London. England won 3–2 in a hotly contested and frequently violent match.
Background.
This was Italy's first match since they had won the 1934 FIFA World Cup that summer, although England had not taken part as the Football Association had left FIFA in 1928. England were still considered one of the strongest teams in Europe at the time, and the match was billed in England at least as the "real" World Cup final. The match was important enough to the Italians that Benito Mussolini had reportedly offered each player an Alfa Romeo car and the equivalent of £150 (about £6,000 in modern terms) if they beat the English.
The match set a record, in that it was the first and so far only time that seven players registered with the same club (namely Arsenal) started for England. Coincidentally, the match was played at Arsenal's home stadium, Highbury. In addition to the seven Arsenal players (Frank Moss, George Male, Eddie Hapgood, Wilf Copping, Ray Bowden, Ted Drake and Cliff Bastin), a young Stanley Matthews won his second cap for the side; Cliff Britton, Jack Barker and Eric Brook were the other three players. The England side was largely inexperienced, with every player having fewer than ten caps for his country.
Match summary.
First half.
Brook had missed a first-minute penalty after Drake was fouled by Carlo Ceresoli (who was able to save the goal with a prompt jump on the right). However he made amends by scoring twice, with a header (following a precise cross from Stanley Matthews) and a free kick, which Stanley Matthews described as being like a 'thunderbolt'. Drake added a third before half-time to make it 3-0. However, after realising the gravity of Monti's injury, the Italians adjusted their playing tactics so that England were unable to break through their defences.
The match was violent from the very start, with the visitors repeatedly retaliating against Drake's second-minute tackle: Eddie Hapgood had his nose broken (and had to be withdrawn for 15 minutes), while Bowden damaged his ankle, Drake was punched and Brook had his arm fractured.
Second half.
However, Italy were not World Champions for nothing and after half time took and, despite the handicap of ten men, took the game to England. Giuseppe Meazza scored twice, and was only denied an equaliser by the woodwork and a series of saves from England's athletic goalkeeper, Frank Moss. Copping, England's "hardman", took the man of the match award with a strong fighting and tackling display in midfield.
The match settled nothing; although the English could claim a win and unofficially crown, the Italians claimed they had been handicapped for virtually the entire match by being a man down, and that England had scored only within the few minutes in which its stronger defendant had been injured and not able to run. For this reason and despite the loss, in Italy the team players are still celebrated as "The Lions of Highbury". One thing that could not be contested was the violent nature of the match; the FA considered withdrawing from all internationals as a result, while Matthews would later recount that it was the most violent match of his long career.
Kits.
England wore a white shirt and navy blue shorts. Italy wore traditional blue shirts and white shorts.

</doc>
<doc id="2884330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884330" title="Blanchefleur">
Blanchefleur

Blanchefleur ("white flower", also "Blanziflor, Flanziflor") is a female given name popular in the High Middle Ages.

</doc>
<doc id="2884334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884334" title="Segovax">
Segovax

Segovax (possibly from Celtic "sego" "victory") was one of the four kings of Kent during Caesar's second expedition to Britain in 54 BC, alongside Cingetorix, Carvilius and Taximagulus. The four were allies of the British leader Cassivellaunus, and attacked the Roman naval camp in an attempt to relieve him when he was besieged by Caesar in his stronghold north of the Thames. However the attack failed and Cassivellaunus was forced to seek terms.

</doc>
<doc id="2884339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884339" title="Carvilius">
Carvilius

Carvilius was one of the four kings of Kent during Caesar's second expedition to Britain in 54 BC, alongside Cingetorix, Segovax and Taximagulus. The four were allies of the British leader Cassivellaunus, and attacked the Roman naval camp in an attempt to relieve him when he was besieged by Caesar in his stronghold north of the Thames. However the attack failed and Cassivellaunus was forced to seek terms.

</doc>
<doc id="2884343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884343" title="Taximagulus">
Taximagulus

Taximagulus was one of the four kings of Kent during Caesar's second expedition to Britain in 54 BC, alongside Cingetorix, Carvilius and Segovax. The four were allies of the British leader Cassivellaunus, and attacked the Roman naval camp in an attempt to relieve him when he was besieged by Caesar in his stronghold north of the Thames. However the attack failed and Cassivellaunus was forced to seek terms.

</doc>
<doc id="2884346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884346" title="Holopaw">
Holopaw

Holopaw is an American indie band from Gainesville, Florida. The band was named after the town of Holopaw in Osceola County, Florida, although none of the members of the band have ever lived there. One of its members, John Orth, joined up with Modest Mouse frontman Isaac Brock and others in 2002 to release the album Sharpen Your Teeth under the band name Ugly Casanova. Another member, Michael Johnson (Ape School), went on to join Kurt Heasley's Lilys.
History.
John Orth played as a duo for some time before joining with Michael Johnson, Ryan Gensemer, and Tobi Echevarria as Holopaw for the first two albums. Johnson, Gensemer and Echevarria relocated to Philadelphia. Holopaw now consists of Orth, Patrick Quinney, Jeff McMullen, Matt Radick, and Ryan Quinney. 

</doc>
<doc id="2884347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884347" title="Athens School of Fine Arts">
Athens School of Fine Arts

The Athens School of Fine Arts (), is Greece's premier Art school whose main objective is to develop the artistic talents of its students.
__TOC__
History.
Athens School of Fine Arts was established on 12 January 1837, known as the "School for the Arts". In the beginning the School of Arts included three departments: the Crafts' School (part-time school), Industrial Crafts' School (full-time school) and Fine Arts School (full-time higher education).
The third department was the real ancestor of today’s School of Fine Arts and began to function as a daily school in 1840. In this department subjects like painting, sculpture, architecture, lithography, woodcut, geometry and cartography were taught. The same year Duchess of Plaisance who lived in Greece contributed in upgrading the school. She enriched the school's program with new types of painting lessons and called the French painter Bonirote (one of Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres's students) in order to teach oil painting courses. Bonirote was a teacher there until 1843.
In 1843 with royal decree School of Fine Arts was promoted in a five-year study Higher Education School. Director of the School was the famous architect Lissandros Kautantzoglou. 
During the period 1844–1862 the studies' program was influenced by Europe's Academies of Fine Arts which taught neoclassicism. 
Some of the great students of this period finally became teachers in the school. Some of them are Nikiphoros Lytras and Nicholaos Gysis. 
In 1872, after a donation of George Averoff, a new building in Patission Avenue road was constructed that was later named National Technical University of Athens.
In 1910 the faculty acquired the independence from the named National Technical University. The same year the first for women were accepted to the School of Fine Arts.
In 1930, Education Minister Georgios Papandreou completely revamped and upgraded the old school, and gave it its current name (Ανώτατη Σχολή Καλών Τεχνών). 
In 1929 Konstantinos Parthenis started teaching in the school. His lessons were mostly about the analysis of visual perception and the plastic transformation of the incoming visual information. Many other famous artists were occupied in Athens School of Fine Arts: the sculptor Costas Dimitriadis, the engraver Yannis Kefallinos, the writer and historian Pantelis Prebelakis. Since 1947 Yiannis Moralis, Georgios Mauroidis, Constantinos Grammatopoulos and Spyros Papaloukas, Panayiotis Tetsis, Nikos Kessanlis, Dimitris Mytaras, Georgios Nikolaidis, Ilias Dekoylakos and the architect Savvas Kontaratos taught the principles of Modern Greek art.
HQAA Evaluation.
An external evaluation of all academic departments in Greek universities will be conducted by the Hellenic Quality Assurance and Accreditation Agency (HQAA) in the following years.

</doc>
<doc id="2884351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884351" title="Van Lingle Mungo">
Van Lingle Mungo

Van Lingle Mungo (June 8, 1911 – February 12, 1985) was a Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher known for his career with the Brooklyn Dodgers. Mungo played for the Dodgers from to and finished his baseball career with the New York Giants.
Career.
Mungo averaged 16 wins per season from 1932 through 1936 and led the National League in strikeouts with 238 in 1936. He was named to the All-Star team in 1934, 1936, and 1937. However, following an arm injury in 1937, he won only 13 major league games over the next six seasons. He completed his major league career with a 120-115 won-lost record over 2113 innings pitched, with a 3.47 earned run average.
Stories and anecdotes about Mungo tend to emphasize his reputation for combativeness, including episodes of drinking and fighting. The most widely told story concerns a visit to Cuba where, supposedly, Mungo was caught in a compromising position with a married woman by her husband. Mungo punched the husband in the eye, leading him to attack Mungo with a butcher knife or machete, requiring Dodgers executive Babe Hamberger to smuggle Mungo in a laundry cart to a seaplane waiting off a wharf in order to escape the country.
Mungo returned to the public eye in 1969 because of the use of his prosodic name as the title of a novelty song by Dave Frishberg. The song lyrics consist entirely of the names of baseball players of the 1940s, strung together to a bossa nova beat. Mungo is one of only five players mentioned more than once and his name functions as a kind of refrain. According to Frishberg, "The Dick Cavett Show" arranged to have him sing the song to Mungo in person, and Mungo asked him backstage if there would ever be any financial remuneration for the use of his name in the song. Frishberg told him no, but maybe Mungo could make some money if he wrote a song called "Dave Frishberg". Ironically, today Mungo is remembered primarily because of the song.
Personal.
Mungo was born in Pageland, South Carolina, where he also died. During his retirement in Pageland, he owned and operated the Ball Theatre until it burned down in the 1950s. Mungo provided separate balcony seating for the African American patrons. This seating arrangement was an innovation; the other small movie theater in town was segregated.
"The Sporting News" reported on September 13, 1961, that Van Mungo's son, Ernie Mungo, was signed as a player by the Washington Senators organization.

</doc>
<doc id="2884353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884353" title="Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service">
Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service

Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service (PMRAFNS) is the nursing branch of the British Royal Air Force.
It was established as the Royal Air Force Temporary Nursing Service (RAFNS) in 1918, and became part of the permanent establishment as the Royal Air Force Nursing Service on 27 January 1921. It received the Royal prefix after Princess Mary agreed to become its Patron in June 1923.
It was a women-only branch until 1980, when men were also permitted to join. Until the Second World War, it was only open to unmarried women, or childless widows. There was also a Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service (Reserve) (PMRAFNS(R)) to supplement the regular service during times of war or emergencies.
Its current mission statement reads: "The Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service is committed to providing a nursing workforce that is determined to develop the skills, knowledge and ability to deliver high quality care whilst being responsive to the dynamic nature of RAF Nursing in peacetime and on operations."
A history of the service was commissioned from the writer Mary Mackie and appeared in 2001.
Ranks.
The initial ranking system used by the PMRAFNS was as follows.
From 1 June 1943, PMRAFNS personnel were granted emergency Commissions, and wore rank insignia corresponding to their equivalent Royal Air Force officer rank. On 1 February 1949, the women's forces were integrated into the Armed Forces, and a new ranking system was introduced, although professional titles were still used on the wards.
Other Ranks were introduced in 1956, although unqualified Nursing Orderlies had previously served in the Women's Auxiliary Air Force and Women's Royal Air Force. They held standard RAF ranks. Officers used the separate ranking system until 1980, when they too adopted RAF ranks.

</doc>
