<doc id="2872809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872809" title="Robert Fellmeth">
Robert Fellmeth

Robert ("Bob") Fellmeth, is a tenured Professor of Law at the University of San Diego School of Law, holder of the Price Chair in Public Interest Law, and executive director of the Center for Public Interest Law and the Children’s Advocacy Institute.
Education.
Robert Fellmeth attended Kailua High School on Oahu in the state of Hawaii. and with a JD from Harvard University in 1970). While at Harvard, he chaired the law school’s Civil Rights – Civil Liberties Research Committee and worked on the initial issues of the 
"Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review".
Initial Consumer Advocacy.
While at Harvard Law School, Fellmeth became one of the original "Nader's Raiders," working as part of the consumer movement of the 1960s and '70s with consumer advocate Ralph Nader. He was one of the initial 7 law students investigating the Federal Trade Commission in 1968, and was one of three co-authors of "The Nader Report on the Federal Trade Commission."
After its publication, he organized what was then called “Nader’s Raiders” in the summer of 1969, raising funds and recruiting researchers divided into 5 groups examining the performance of the FDA, Department of Agriculture, air pollution and water pollution control and the transportation regulation of the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC), respectively. Resulting books included "The Chemical Feast, Vanishing Air, Water Wasteland, Sewing the Wind, and the Interstate Commerce Omission." He supervised the ICC project of 7 law students, resulting in a jointly authored book, ‘’The Interstate Commerce Omission’’ (Grossman, 1969). During this period, "Life Magazine" featured these researchers in an article entitled “The Lone Ranger Gets a Posse” and picturing the students, including Fellmeth and the team directors, standing behind Nader on the Capitol steps.
Fellmeth remained with Nader after graduation from the Harvard Law School in 1970. He then directed a study of land use policy in California, under the aegis of Nader’s Center for Study of Responsive Law, producing a report and then the book: "The Politics of Land" (Grossman, 1970). From 1971 to 1973, he directed the Nader Congress Project as part of that Center. That Project produced 30- to 50-page profiles of every incumbent member of Congress, written by young journalists and journalism students, with support from volunteer researchers in the state capitols and Congressional districts. The profiles included demographics about districts, campaign finance details and campaign promises, and included early revelation of committee votes of members (previously not easily available publicly). Many of the profiles were published in summary form in newspapers in the relevant Congressional districts just prior to the 1972 elections. The profile writing part of the Congress Project was overseen by Joan Claybrook, later director of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and later President of the national consumer and public interest organization: Public Citizen.
The Project also published five books about the major committees of the Congress, with Fellmeth contributing to "The Commerce Committees" book edited by Project Director David Price, later a member of Congress. The Project also produced the best seller "Who Runs Congress." Fellmeth wrote the preface as project director, with the book’s authorship divided among David Zwick, James Fallows, and Mark Green.
Fellmeth’s work related to the early consumer movement in the 1970s, including the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC Improvements Act) and the deregulation of trucking (the Surface Transportation Deregulation Act). He was one of the first consumer advocates to embrace restoration of free market forces – and at times was identified as the "conservative" within the movement. He and the other "Raiders" are associated with the consumer safety and environmental statutes of this period. Fellmeth is featured in the biographies of Nader and the early years of the consumer movement, including the recent documentary "An Unreasonable Man".
White Collar Crime Prosecutor: 1973-1981.
Professor Fellmeth left the Nader organization after the Congress Project in 1973. That same year he began service as a public prosecutor in San Diego County, enforcing state law as a deputy district attorney until 1981, specializing in white collar crime. In 1974, he started the nation’s first dedicated local prosecution unit enforcing antitrust and unfair competition statutes. For the next seven years he filed related cases. For the last two of those years, from 1979 to 1981, he was cross commissioned also as an Assistant United States Attorney – a status that allows the filing of criminal or civil cases in either the state or federal jurisdiction. Over this period, he prosecuted 22 antitrust and unfair competition cases. Those reported (with published appellate decisions) included "People v. Mobile Magic" and "People v. National Association of Realtors," with a resulting judgment of liability for "per se" unlawful tie-in and price fixing offenses against the national, state and local realtor trade associations.
During this period, Professor Fellmeth taught antitrust and unfair competition subject areas at the College of the National Association of District Attorneys, and at the National Judicial College (the training facility in Reno, Nevada created by the U.S. Supreme Court for the training of federal and state court judges).
He also worked with the California District Attorneys’ Association to rewrite the unfair competition laws of California. Four amendments were introduced by then state legislator Alan Sieroty, which moved the statute from Civil Code Section 3369 and expanded it into its present form in Ca. Bus. & Profs. Code Section 17200 "et seq." In later years, he enforced the statute, first as a prosecutor, and then as private civil counsel, and over the last twenty years as a public interest advocate through the Center for Public Interest Law.
After 1993, he became concerned about plaintiff attorney abuses of the Unfair Competition Law he had been instrumental in drafting. He recommended reforms to require some of the due process elements of class action law to prevent multiple or spurious lawsuits for the same alleged offense. The state legislature appointed him as special consultant to its own “Law Revision Commission” from 1995 to 1998 to consider reforms. His proposals included a requirement that the person bringing the action for the "general public" qualify as a typical victim and must "adequately represent" the public ("e.g.", have no inappropriate relationship with the attorneys involved and no conflicts of interest), that proper notice be given to the public through the offices of the Attorney General and proper publication for "opt out" opportunity, and that a court review all cases and settlements for due process compliance and fairness. These measures, Fellmeth argued in his final report, would limit abuses, and confer proper finality to cases.
However, the abuses also mobilized industry to limit California's Unfair Competition Law. They proposed Proposition 64 in 2004, which went well beyond the changes urged by Fellmeth, and imposed restrictions that he opposed. The measure passed by a 59% to 41% margin and included full class action requirements beyond those recommended by Fellmeth, and over his stated opposition in op eds at the time. The proposition removed from unfair competition coverage of any case not involving direct financial loss. Hence, health, safety, privacy and environmental offenses no longer were included within the statute’s ambit.
California Athletic Commission.
During the 1976 to 1981 period, Fellmeth was appointed by the Governor to the State Athletic Commission, then a five member body regulating boxing and wrestling, "et al." Fellmeth was selected to Chair the Commission for 3 of his 5 years by other commissioners. He drafted the first pension plan for boxers and sponsored its legislative enactment in 1980 (Bus. & Profs. Section 18880 et seq.) It currently covers approximately 500 boxers, those who fought enough rounds over four or more years to “vest.” It also includes disability benefits. Through the Center for Public Interest Law (CPIL), Fellmeth has periodically defended the pension plan from promoter opposition and attempts to eliminate it. In recent years, CPIL supported legislation that has liberalized it to allow early benefits for non-boxing employment vocational training.
Fellmeth also proposed and won enactment of deregulation reforms applicable to boxing regulation, removing theatrical professional wrestling from regulation and reducing the number of persons requiring licensure (such as ushers, ticket takers, ticket printers) that he argued impeded promoter competition.
Teaching and the Center for Public Interest Law.
In 1978, Professor Fellmeth began to teach antitrust and consumer law at the University of San Diego School of Law part-time, while still serving as a prosecutor. He moved over full-time to teaching in 1982 and won tenure as a full professor at the school in 1984. Soon thereafter, he was appointed to hold the “Price Chair in Public Interest Law” one of several such chairs nationally.
He has taught consumer law, antitrust law, trade regulation, intellectual property, and criminal process. For the last twenty years, his focus has been two courses: Public Interest Law and Practice and Child Rights and Remedies.
Center for Public Interest Law Establishment and Purpose.
Professor Fellmeth started the Center for Public Interest Law (CPIL) in 1980, training law students in public interest practice. [www.cpil.org] The “Public Interest Law and Practice" course noted above is a part of the CPIL program and includes a clinic component. The course uses state agencies as the forum for teaching public interest law. The regulatory forum was selected because of the strong domination of the associations of trades/professions regulated by each of them, respectively), their broad authority and general enabling statutes. Covered agencies include the Public Utilities Commission, the State Bar, the Accountancy Board, the Medical Board, the Department of Managed Health Care, Cal-OSHA, the Insurance Commissioner, the Department of Real Estate and 20 other agencies.
During its first decade of the 1980s, CPIL brought suit in ‘’Le Dao v. Board of Medical Quality Assurance’’ to allow the licensure of more than 25 Vietnamese doctors who had allegedly been unfairly denied the right to practice after attending an AMA certified medical school, escaping Vietnam as "boat people", passing all of California's examinations and performing as interns in hospitals. The filed case became irrelevant when the Legislature enacted CPIL sponsored legislation effectively mandating licensure. Other litigation during the early years concerned the state's Open Meetings and Public Records Acts.
Legislation has included strengthening amendments to the Public Records Act and to the Administrative Procedure Act.
One consistent theme of concerns "muzzle clauses" prohibiting any report by the plaintiff to the licensing agency of the defendant about the alleged wrongful acts or damage resulting. Fellmeth argues that such clauses benefit the offender, and the plaintiff's counsel is essentially compelled to accept them because of the settlement funds at issue to be received by the client. CPIL had been successful in prohibiting such clauses as to attorney malpractice suits, and more recently has won enactment of a statute to prohibit them as to all of trades and professions regulated under the Department of Consumer Affairs. However, they are not comprehensively banned.
CPIL objects to the system of five separate proceedings to decide discipline of licensed professionals: (a) a hearing before an administrative law judge that leads to a "proposed decision" to (b) a board or agency head, who then makes a decision without judicial background, and without having seen the witnesses. It then goes (c) to superior court for retrial on an "independent judgment" basis, and then (d) to the court of appeal and (e) to petition to the state Supreme Court. CPIL documents argue that these five steps are two more than exist for criminal prosecutions, and the delay is commonly above 5 years where fully pursued. CPIL advocates for fewer steps, each purportedly of higher quality. The first would be a full trial before an administrative law judge, preferably with knowledge of the subject area, followed by a single step judicial review.
The CPIL reforms have been partially enacted as to enforcement by the Medical Board, and are more fully reflected in the State Bar's system fashioned largely by Fellmeth and Bar presidents in the late 1980s (see discussion below of Fellmeth's State Bar Discipline Monitor position). Fellmeth’s theory of regulation, including advocacy of presumptive reliance on market forces, with an analysis of market flaws that warrant intervention and a preferable ordering of those options, is in his early article: "A Theory of Regulation: A Platform for State Regulatory Reform."
Evolution of CPIL, Current Status.
In 1985, Elizabeth (Mulroy) Mohr, who had been serving as deputy director of CPIL and editor of its "California Regulatory Law Reporter", moved to San Francisco and took a position as counsel within the California Department of Insurance – a post she still holds. A search was conducted among former USD students to replace her. One of the candidates was Julianne D’Angelo, a graduate of the school and one of its top students – the editor-in-chief of its Law Review. Following her graduation in 1982 from USD School of Law, Ms. D’Angelo clerked for a federal district court judge in Phoenix and then worked for the Department of Justice in Washington, D.C. She was among those recruited to the University of San Diego post in 1985 and returned to the school to fill it. By 1986, she served as both editor of the "California Regulatory Law Reporter" and the administrative director of the Center for Public Interest Law. Meanwhile, in 1989 Robert Fellmeth moved over into the child advocacy subject area with the Children’s Advocacy Institute. In 1995, while both were in their forties, Julie D’Angelo and Robert Fellmeth married.
Professor Robert Fellmeth, as the holder of the Price Chair in Public Interest Law, serves as executive director of CPIL. But most of its work over the last two decades has been directed by Administrative Director, Professor Julianne Fellmeth. During that period, CPIL has participated in consumer advocacy, particularly before the PUC, the State Bar, the Accountancy Board, the Department of Insurance, the Medical Board, the Contractors State Licensing Board. She helped draft and CPIL co-sponsored the state legislation to implement the Sarbanes - Oxley accounting reforms—with the California version allegedly a stronger regulatory version. CPIL has opposed policies advocated by the Big Three Accounting firms. One example is the "Bonnie Moore" case. CPIL contended that the Accountancy Board, allegedly dominated by practicing CPAs, attempted to prohibit the use of the word "accountant" for use by anyone other than themselves through a Board rule. The court restrained the Board from allowing its segment of practitioners to exclusively capture the term – which CPIL and others contended has a broader meaning.
CPIL has also been active in the monitoring of agencies under the authority of the state legislature. CPIL served as the staff of the Contractor's State Licensing Board (CSLB) Enforcement Monitor. That appointed monitor, Tom Papageorge, is a longstanding federal and state white collar crime prosecutor. The CSLB project led to legislation to alter its enforcement system, including consumer protections in representations and contractor bonds.
CPIL’s Professor Julie Fellmeth was herself appointed as the Medical Board Enforcement Monitor pursuant to legislation authorizing a multi-year investigation relevant to competent physician practice and patient safety. Her reports resulted in legislation altering physician discipline, as discussed above.
CPIL advocacy resulted in some legislation demarking medical regulation from most other trades and professions. Instead of a generic group of “consumer investigators” within the Department of Consumer Affairs, the Medical Board has specialized investigators. Similarly, the Office of Attorney General now has a dedicated medical quality unit that prosecutes these cases. And the Office of Administrative Hearings, providing the Administrative Law Judges (ALJs) that try the cases, also now has a distinct group that conducts the trials, allowing a smaller group of judges to experience many cases in this subject area, rather than spreading the cases across ALJs that handle alcohol, financial, real estate and many other areas of regulation. CPIL sponsored legislation creating those changes (SB 2375 (Presley) in 1990 and SB 916 (Presley) in 1993). The Medical Board cases may now be brought within three steps instead of four to five. Traditionally and as to most agencies, after the ALJ hearing, the proposed decision is still reviewed ‘’de novo’’ by the Medical Board (which has no judicial expertise and did not view the testimony – a step CPIL opposes) and then moves to independent judgment review by a superior court, automatic right of appeal to the court of appeal, and discretionary Supreme Court review. In the case of the Medical Board, CPIL won a change that makes the appellate court review by petition (and therefor discretionary). CPIL argued that the difference here is that a third level of appeal “of right” means even spurious appeals can delay final decision for years. So the Medical Board system has somewhat fewer proceedings and with some enhanced expertise by the officials involved.
In addition to general process, CPIL has directed substantial advocacy to the problem of alcohol and drug abuse among professionals, including doctors, nurses and other health professionals, and attorneys. As Medical Board Enforcement Monitor, Professor D'Angelo Fellmeth audited the "diversion" program of the Medical Board—allowing those accused of incompetence or other dangerous practice to delay or mitigate their discipline through substance abuse programs. She also found a great deal of "gaming" of the system.
Expert Testimony, Consulting, Appointments and Boards.
In addition to the white collar crime consultation with public prosecutors noted above, Fellmeth has served as an expert witness in both private and public cases involving issues of consumer and antitrust law, regulatory law, children's law, and legal ethics. He has been retained by the District Attorneys of San Diego, Los Angeles and 7 other counties, the state Attorney General involved in Judicial Commission Enforcement Actions against sitting judges, the State Bars of California and Washington, and the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District.
For most of the years from 1994 to the present, Professor Fellmeth has served on the federal "screening" committees that review applications for U.S. Attorney and federal judge positions. Appointed by Senator Barbara Boxer, he served on the bi-partisan screening committee for appointees to the Southern District of California during the Bush presidency and currently is one of 6 persons on the committee appointed by Senator Boxer for the Obama Administration. Each of California's senators has such a committee and each screens for 1/2 of the open federal positions in that district.
During the 1980s, Fellmeth served on two boards related to the work of CPIL. They include the Board of Consumers Union of the United States, the publisher of Consumer Reports, from 1981 to 1985. He then served on the Board of California Common Cause from 1986–91, acting as its Litigation Chair from 1989–91. One of his cases was an unsuccessful attempt to remove the requirement that judges seeking re-election finance their own ballot statement – at a cost approaching the annual salary for a superior court position. The "Kaplan" case rejected Fellmeth's argument that such a state-created expense added obligations requiring judicial campaign solicitations and violated constitutional requirements for judicial independence.
Fellmeth served as Chair of the Board of the Public Citizen Foundation, a public interest lobby in Washington, D.C., from 1992 to 2012, and remains on the Board. Public Citizen includes divisions that focus on Congress (“Congress Watch”), the Health Research Group, Global Trade Watch, Energy Policy, a Litigation Unit, and a Texas field office. Those divisions have advocated for air bags in automobiles, transparency and ethics in government (including the recent legislation banning insider trading by the Congress), are working for a Constitutional amendment to reverse the "Citizens United" Supreme Court case giving corporations free speech rights to contribute to campaigns through Political Action Committees without limitation or full disclosure. The Health Research Group published "Best Pills – Worst Pills" book and its FDA advocacy has led to the withdrawal of several dangerous drugs from the market. The Litigation Group specializes in U.S. Supreme Court advocacy and prepares counsel in approximately 1/3 of the cases considered by the Court. [www.citizen.org
Professor Fellmeth has been instrumental in the creation of ancillary consumer entities. In 1983, he helped to create the Utility Consumer Action Network (UCAN) as a project of CPIL during its first three years. It sought access to the billing envelopes of the San Diego Gas and Electric Utility through an administrative action brought by CPIL before the PUC. CPIL won the case and UCAN has since become a major utility ratepayer organization, In 1988, he helped to create the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, a national research and advocacy center on privacy rights. [www.privacyrights.org In 2006, he helped to organize, the Energy Policy Initiatives Center (EPIC) at the University of San Diego School of Law, and sits on its advisory board. EPIC includes law school courses in energy and environmental law, clinic placements with the PUC, Energy Commission and other agencies, and an annual environmental symposium of national experts. In 2008, EPIC sponsored the nation’s first student law review on the subject of global warming.
State Bar Discipline Monitor Position, Attorney Ethics and Regulation.
In 1987, Fellmeth was appointed to the newly created position of State Bar Discipline Monitor by then State Attorney General John Van de Kamp. This one-time position lasted for a term of five years, reporting to the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and to the legislature creating it. He served for the tenure of the post, which was given discovery power to review State Bar operations, and investigated the Bar’s discipline system. He issued nine reports and sponsored reform legislation or Bar rulemaking to implement many of them. His work resulted in the revamping of the State of California's attorney discipline system.
He was an outspoken critic of attorney misconduct. His frank assessment of the dishonesty employed by lawyers in civil litigation was reported in one State Bar Discipline Monitor Report: "The level of attorney dishonesty in representations to the court, in promises to clients, in dealings with adverse counsel, and perhaps especially in points and authorities and legal briefs, is embarrassing to anyone with a measure of intellectual pride. [...] Part of the problem has to do with the lack of certain sanctions for deceit. [...] It is possible to develop new rules of behavior supervening adversary representation, and restoring a measure of honor to a profession which is in a current state of well-deserved dishonor."
Some of Fellmeth’s recommended State Bar reforms were enacted during the early 1990s, including the creation of an independent State Bar Court. Previously, attorneys adjudged complaints against their colleagues, with a review before an 18 member committee composed mostly of practicing attorneys. The California Supreme Court reviewed all cases and became increasingly critical of the State Bar adjudication system. The new State Bar Court recommended by Fellmeth, and supported by 4 successive State Bar presidents, removed the State Bar’s jurisdiction, placing it with an independent State Bar Court of judges appointed primarily by the Supreme Court and separate from practicing attorneys. The Supreme Court approved of the change during the 1990s and issued an order allowing finality to the new Court, without required Supreme Court review of every case.
More recent State Bar advocacy by CPIL includes the substantial revision of its system of governance. For most of its history, the State Bar was governed by 23 members on its “Board of Governors.” The Board included a supermajority of 17 attorneys selected by other attorneys in district elections. CPIL contended that these were often dominated by private, local trade associations. In 2011, the state legislature enacted measures long sought by CPIL that ended the control of the agency by members of the profession regulated. Accordingly the newly constituted State Bar will be controlled by a 19 member “Board of Trustees”, with 6 members elected by attorneys and the remaining 13 selected by public officials, including the Supreme Court. The CPIL-sponsored legislation also subjected the State Bar to the Bagley-Keene Open Meetings Act.
Public Interest, Consumer Publications.
Professor Fellmeth’s publications in the consumer/antitrust area include 11 books and numerous academic articles (including the "Theory of Regulation" article discussed above, conference presentations/publications, and commentaries or newspaper op eds. These include, in addition to the three books noted above, he has written or contributed to the following public interest related books: "The Politics of Land," with co/authors, Grossman, 1972; chapters in "American Government," a political science text edited by Peter Woll (Little, Brown 1972) and "California Administrative and Antitrust Law," w/ Professor Ralph Folsom (Butterworths, 1991). He is the co-author of the 2013 4th edition of "California White Collar Crime and Business Litigation," a 700-page treatise on economic, political and other white collar offenses.
Child Advocacy and the Children's Advocacy Institute.
Ten years after founding the Center for Public Interest Law, Fellmeth created a sister advocacy group, the Children's Advocacy Institute (CAI). After lobbying for consumers in Sacramento, he chose to focus on children's rights.
CAI Structure.
The Children's Advocacy Institute (CAI) is directed by an Administrative Director/Attorney; two other San Diego-based CAI attorneys are graduates of the CAI law school program. CAI also has attorneys working from its offices based in Sacramento and Washington, D.C.
Teaching and Clinics.
Since 1989, Robert Fellmeth has focused on child advocacy. He developed a Child Rights law school course that covers issues of policy influence, court access, poverty and opportunity, education, nutrition, disability and other rights, as well as the traditional civil liberties material. His text for juvenile law, "Child Rights and Remedies," is in its third edition (Clarity Press, 2002, 2006, 2011). The CAI academic program also includes clinics where students are certified by the State Bar to represent abused children in juvenile dependency court, and work on behalf of accused delinquents in juvenile delinquency court. It also include a “policy clinic” allowing students to work with the professional litigators and lobbyists of CAI in San Diego, Sacramento, and Washington D.C., where it has offices and attorney staff. As with the “public interest law” program of CPIL, which offers a “Public Interest Law” Concentration designation at graduation, students can obtain credit and graduation acknowledgment in a “Child Rights Concentration”. The Child Rights Concentration combines CAI courses with the special education clinic and other courses offered by USD's School of Law and School of Education.
CAI brings test litigation, intervenes in rulemaking, and lobbies. It has sponsored various enacted bills in California since 1990, including the "Kid's Plates" (California auto license plates with a heart, plus sign, hand shape or heart) to fund child protection programs, and safety laws concerning swimming pools, kids in cars, bicycle helmets, and playgrounds. CAI has also been active in sponsoring legislation in the areas of child support collection, homeless youth, and child welfare. Since 1998, it has issued an annual "Legislative Report Card" on the performance of the State Legislature, including a score or grade for each legislator. CAI also publishes a "Children's Regulatory Law Reporter", summarizing rulemaking by the major agencies affecting children (especially the Departments of Health Services, Social Services, and Education).
Since 2008, CAI has released national reports in three subject areas: (a) effective counsel for children in dependency court, (b) disclosure of information pertaining to the deaths and near deaths from child abuse, The pattern for these studies is to issue an initial report, and then to publish an updated edition every two to three years to stay on the theme of each. The reports examine the statutes and rules of the fifty states in the subject matter, and for the first two subject areas, publish "grades" from A to F for each state's performance in protecting its children. Two such updated reports (a) and (b) above were released in 2012. A future report on new subject matter has been announced for 2013 analyzing the performance of the Department of Health and Human Services, federal courts, and Congress in assuring state compliance with constitutional and statutory floors in child protection.
Reports on the California state level have been published studying the fate of foster children emancipating into adulthood, where outcomes are problematical. CAI has been promoting a solution to the fate of emancipating foster children, called the “Transition Life Coach” (TLC) plan. CAI argues that it recognizes that the median age of self-sufficiency in the U.S, is not 21 years of age, but 26. The TLC plan creates a “trust instrument” funded at the median level of parental support for children (approximately $50,000 for self-sufficiency). The court, who has been the legal parent of the foster child would continue to have a presence in each youth's life. A trustee, called a “Transition Life Coach” (a name selected by foster kids), would provide personal mentoring and write checks under a plan developed with the youth, and monitored by the court. CAI argues that this method allows major input from the child, and is personal. The “coach” (trustee) will often be someone known to the youth, or someone trained to guide him or her, with each having no more than one or two to assist. CAI has written reports and conducted an economic study indicating that the long run consequences would involve public money savings. And CAI has succeeded in amending California law to allow these trusts to be formed by dependency court judges for any foster youth to achieve self-sufficiency without age or other limitation. Nevertheless, no county in California or any other state has to date implemented the proposal, nor has any effectuated a pilot project to date.
Future announced California reports may include (a) a study of child representation in family court, (b) a survey of the impact of AB 12 – the state law implementing the federal Fostering Connections to Success Act which can extend assistance to foster children to age 21, (c) and a study of the effects of public coverage of foster children and dependency proceedings. As to the last, CAI has consistently supported presumptive transparency of public decisionmaking affecting foster children, with liberal allowance for protective orders and confidentiality where in the child’s best interest. CAI has contended that a presumptively concealed system – typical in most states—allows child abuse harm and foster child detriment to continue without democratic check.
Child Related Organizations.
Fellmeth has been involved in the governance of the National Association of Counsel for Children (NACC) since 2004, serving as its Board President from 2010 to 2012, He is on the Board of the First Star Foundation, [www.firststar.org. He has been on the Board of the National Association of Child Advocates and counsel to the Board of its successor, Voices for America's Children. [www.voices.org]
Within California, Fellmeth helped in the development of the Maternal and Child Health Access Foundation of Lynn Kersey in Los Angeles starting in the 1980s that continues to provide services and advocacy for impoverished pregnant women and young children. He remains one of its board members. For the last 22 years, CAI has convened the “Child Advocates Roundtable” in Sacramento, bringing together for meetings, conference calls and webcasts, 65 organizations with an interest in children, with quarterly education meetings, special expert speakers and advocacy planning and coordination work. [http://www.caichildlaw.org/roundtable.htm
Child Related Publications.
In addition to reports, articles, and conference presentation publications discussed briefly above, Fellmeth has written or contributed to a number of books in the child rights area in addition to the "Child Rights and Remedies" text. These include "Health and Welfare for Families in the 21st Century," edited by Helen Wallace, (Jones and Bartlett, 4th edition, 2007); "Expert Testimony in Child Related Litigation", (w. Dr. David Chadwick), Chapter 12 in The Forensic Pathology of Infancy and Childhood (edited by R. Byard and K. Collins, Springer Publishing, 2013); and "Legal Issues," Chapter 31 in Child Maltreatment 4E: A Clinical Guide and Reference (edited by Chadwick, Giardino and Alexander, STM Learning, 2013).
Litigation.
Fellmeth has been counsel in 40 published appellate cases, half as counsel for a party, usually the plaintiff or petitioner challenging corporate or governmental action. The remainder represent "amicus" contributions at the circuit or Supreme Court level. Consumer, white collar crime and legal ethics litigation make up about 60% of all of the appellate litigation, with the remaining 40% focusing on child rights.
Center for Public Interest Law.
The most recent major case of CPIL is "Shames v. Hertz," an antitrust case against all 7 of the airport rental car companies operating in California, and the California Travel and Tourism Commission (CTTC), a state agency controlled by the tourism industry. The case challenged two airport rental car charges that 2006 legislation allowed the industry to “itemize” on consumer bills. The case alleges that instead of “itemizing” the charges, they were “added on” to the previous charges on every subsequent bill, effective on January 1, 2007 when the legislation took effect, with the CTTC assisting in the horizontal price fix. The case was initiated and litigated by CPIL, with three antitrust firms brought into the case. It went to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeal on an important legal issue pertaining to legislative intent and agency liability, and which upheld the CPIL position – reversing the trial court dismissal of the CTTC from the case. The case was settled in 2013, with a court order stopping what started as a $90 million a year overcharge to consumers, awarding 250,000 consumers as much or more than the overcharge they suffered, and subjecting the CTTC to the Open Meetings Act it had allegedly violated repeatedly.
Children’s Advocacy Institute.
CAI's litigation includes "California Foster Parents' Association v. Lightbourne", a Ninth Circuit case that found the Department of Social Services compensation to family foster care providers to be over 30% below their actual out-of-pocket costs, in violation of federal law. CAI argued that these rates were also irrational because children in homes with functioning parents have much better outcomes than do group homes with employees serving the parental role, but the latter receive more than 8 times the compensation as do families. The litigation was assisted by the pro bono efforts of Morrison and Foerster joining with the CAI legal team. The supply of family foster care providers had fallen as the compensation levels retracted due to uncompensated inflation in the years following 1998. The case required a 30% immediate increase and CPI adjustment hereafter.
CAI has two other test cases in the courts as of 2013. One challenges the 388 child caseloads of Sacramento dependency court attorneys ("E.T.", the other challenges the rules of the Department of Social Services (DSS) that allegedly implemented SB 39, a bill sponsored by CAI to provide for disclosure of deaths from child abuse or neglect consistent with federal and state law. The complaint contends that the rules, influenced by counties and social workers, conceals the causes of deaths contrary to the statutory intent and construction. In 2013, the Ninth Circuit upheld the dismissal of the case, invoking the equitable doctrine of "abstention," or categorical deferral to state court practice. Fellmeth has condemned the decision.
Fellmeth and CAI are also involved as counsel for objectors to the current federal case of "Fraley v. Facebook".
In addition to appellate litigation by CAI and CPIL, Professor Fellmeth has written numerous ‘’amicus’’ briefs at the appellate level, including the brief for the National Association of Counsel for Children in the ‘’Troxel’’ case, and for CAI on the ‘’Camreta’’ case—both before the U.S. Supreme Court since 2006. The ‘’Camreta’’ brief was selected as "Brief of the Week" by the National Law Journal in 2011.
Awards.
In 1997, Fellmeth was named “Community Champion for 30 Years of Work in Injury Prevention” by the Civil Justice Foundation. In 2009, he was honored by the University’s School of Education Sciences and Leadership as a “Remarkable Leader in Education.” In 2012, Fellmeth won the "Thorsnes Prize" for outstanding scholarship for the third edition of his text "Child Rights and Remedies."

</doc>
<doc id="2872825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872825" title="List of social networking websites">
List of social networking websites

This is a list of major active social networking websites and excludes dating websites (see Comparison of online dating websites). For defunct social networking websites, see List of defunct social networking websites.
This list is not exhaustive, and is limited to notable, well-known sites.

</doc>
<doc id="2872833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872833" title="Ministry of Munitions (Japan)">
Ministry of Munitions (Japan)

The was a cabinet-level ministry in the final days of the Empire of Japan, charged with the procurement and manufacture of armaments, spare parts and munitions to support the Japanese war effort in World War II
History.
The Ministry of Munitions was created on 1 November 1943 out of the Board of Planning of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, which was subsequently abolished. With an increasing portion of Japan's industrial base and infrastructure damaged by Allied air raids, the Japanese government felt it necessary to unify the administration of munitions production to improve efficiency and to increase production levels, particularly that of military aircraft. The concept was inspired by the German Ministry of Armaments and Munitions under Fritz Todt and Albert Speer, which had successfully increased Nazi Germany's industrial production under similar adverse conditions, and was also an unsuccessful political move by the military to impose more control over the zaibatsu.
Although Prime Minister Tōjō concurrently was first Minister of Munitions, the actual day-to-day running of the Ministry devolved to his deputy, Nobusuke Kishi.
Key firms were designated as components of the nationalized Munitions Companies System, and managers were given positions as government officials. Production staff was regarded as conscript labor and was not allowed to quit, or go on strike. State-controlled financial institutions provided working capital and subsidized the firms for any losses.
The Ministry of Munitions was abolished in 1945, by the American occupation authorities, and its functions were absorbed into the modern Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI).
Organization.
Munitions Minister

</doc>
<doc id="2872835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872835" title="CSDP">
CSDP

CSDP may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2872840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872840" title="Ricardo Alarcón">
Ricardo Alarcón

Ricardo Alarcón de Quesada (born 21 May 1937) is a Cuban statesman. He served as Cuba's Permanent Representative to the United Nations (UN) for nearly 30 years and later served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1992 to 1993. Subsequently Alarcón was President of the National Assembly of People's Power from 1993 to 2013, and because of this post, was considered the third-most powerful figure in Cuba. He also was a Member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba until 2013.
A graduate of the University of Havana with a doctorate in philosophy, he served in various diplomatic posts following the Cuban Revolution. His first post in connection with Cuba's foreign policy was as Head of the Americas Division of Cuba's Foreign Ministry. During his tenure as Permanent Representative to the UN Alarcón held several leading offices, such as Vice President of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
Life and career (1937–1993).
Alarcón was born in Havana on 21 May 1937. He entered the University of Havana in 1954 and graduated with a degree as a Doctor of Philosophy and Humanities. Alarcón became active in the Federation of University Students (FEU), serving as the secretary of culture for the FEU from 1955 to 1956. Alarcón would become active in Castro's 26th of July Movement, which was attempting to oust Cuban President Fulgencio Batista, in July 1955. Alarcón assisted in the organization of the student apparatus of the guerrilla organization's youth brigade. Alarcón was elected the FEU's Vice President in 1959, and would serve as the President of the Student Organization from 1961 to 1962. However, unlike the Castros, Alarcón was active in the urban underground resistance, and not the guerilla movement located in the countryside.
In 1962, the new Castro-led government appointed Alarcón as the Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' Americas division, where he would begin his diplomatic career. Between 1966 and 1978 he served as Permanent Representative of Cuba to the United Nations, Vice President of the General Assembly of the United Nations, President of the Council of Administration to the United Nations Development Programme, and Vice-President of the United Nations Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People. In 1978 Alarcón was promoted to first vice-minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. While serving as Permanent Representative to the UN for a second time, Alarcón was President of the Security Council in February 1990 and July 1991. In 1992 was made Minister of Foreign Affairs, and in February 1993 he became the President of the National Assembly.
President of the National Assembly (1993–2013).
Alarcón took over the office of President of the National Assembly of People's Power in 1993 in what Ben Corbett, a historian, considered a "demotion" from his earlier post as Minister of Foreign Affairs. However, William E. Ratliff and Roger W. Fontaine, in their book, "A Strategic Flip-flop in the Caribbean: Lift the Embargo on Cuba", ranks Alarcón as third-most powerful figure in Cuba. Alarcón is currently a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Cuba; the country's central policy-making body.
One-year after taking office, Alarcón travelled to the United States as the head of a five-member delegation to talk about the migration issues between the two countries. In a Government statement, Alarcón was described as the "best qualified" to deal with such delicate issues as emigration, and his knowledge of the "fundamental causes" to mass emigration from Cuba. Alarcón, along with the Cuba's Government, believes that the United States economic embargo against Cuba is the main blame for the mass emigration from the country. The negotiations were suspended for a while when he abruptly travelled to Cuba to discuss the situation with the Cuban Government. After his abrupt visit to Cuba, he returned to the United States and continued the negotiations. When he returned to the United States, he was more positive in tone, and several Cuban officials told the media that an agreement could be reached. Alarcón was able to reach an agreement with the United States Government on 9 September 1994, and the United States promised to issue at least 20,000 immigrant visas a year for Cuban citizens seeking to leave their homeland.
In August 2000, Alarcón was involved in a minor dispute with the United States when he was denied a visa to attend an international conference in New York City. Alarcón lived in Manhattan for over twelve years but because of his status as a Cuban government official he is only allowed within a 25 mile radius of the United Nations.
On 2 December 2003, United States Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security John R. Bolton charged that Cuba, along with Iran, North Korea, Syria, and Libya, were "rogue states...whose pursuit of weapons of mass destruction makes them hostile to U.S. interests who will learn that their covert programs will not escape either detection or consequences." In response, Alarcón called Bolton "a liar" and cited US claims pertaining to Iraq's weapons of mass destruction in justification of the Iraq War which were later found to be incorrect.
In 2006, Alarcón stated: "At some moment, US rhetoric changed to talk of democracy... For me, the starting point is the recognition that democracy should begin with Pericles's definition – that society is for the benefit of the majority – and should not be imposed from outside." During Fidel Castro's transfer of presidential duties to his brother Raúl Castro, Alarcón told the foreign media that Fidel would be fit to run for re-election to the assembly in January 2008 parliamentary election. However, in an interview with the CNN, Alarcón said he was unsure if Fidel would accept the post or not. Alarcón, in an interview on the topic on who would succeed Fidel Castro, said; "All those who have been trying to fool the world and put out the idea that something terrible would happen in Cuba, that people would take to the streets, that there would be great instability, the door slammed on them and they must have very swollen hands now".
Family.
Alarcon was married to Margarita Perea Maza. She died on 9 February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2872846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872846" title="Miguel Migs">
Miguel Migs

Miguel Steward, better known as Miguel Migs is a deep house DJ, producer and musician from San Francisco, California. 
Biography.
Migs began his music career at 18 years old, as a lead guitarist and songwriter for a Santa Cruz local band called Zion Sounds. The band split up in the mid-1990s, however Zion Sounds' African and Jamaican style is said to have been a major influence in Migs' personal career. After the band dissolved, Migs went on to explore electronic music production thus creating his unique and soulful sound.
Miguel has produced over 100 remixes to date, including remixes for a number of mainstream artists. Such artists include Britney Spears, Macy Gray and Lionel Richie. Migs has been associated with a variety of record labels, most notably Naked Music Recordings, Salted Music and Om Records.
In 1998 Miguel co-founded the deep house record label Transport Recordings, along with fellow DJ MFR and Naked Music label director Bruno Ybarra. Migs was credited for his soul-driven vibes and hailed as one of the pioneers of the nascent house and chill-out revival scene alongside Dimitri from Paris and Bob Sinclar as a result of his early foray into Deep House in the late 1990s and early 2000s, releasing several highly sought after singles and remixes under the Petalpusher pseudonym. In 2005 he founded Salted Music, an independent record label.
In early 2008, Migs' "Those Things" won in The 7th Annual Independent Music Awards for Best Dance/Electronica Album.
In 2009 Miguel Migs' Salted Music won the Independent Music Awards Vox Pop vote for best Indie Label Site.
Record label.
In 2004, Miguel Migs started his own record label, Salted Music. No stranger to independent and major labels, the founding of Salted Music was a more personal venture. 
The idea behind Salted is for Miguel Migs to have a creative outlet for releasing forward thinking; soul based electronic music that is not limited in tempo. Not just instituted for Migs’ own creations, Salted is a vehicle for upcoming and well-known artists who come across his path and catch his ear.

</doc>
<doc id="2872847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872847" title="Prince Augustus William of Prussia">
Prince Augustus William of Prussia

Augustus William of Prussia (German: "August Wilhelm"; 9 August 1722 – 12 June 1758) was Prince of Prussia and a brother of Frederick II. He was the second son of Frederick William I and Sophia Dorothea.
He was a younger brother of Friederike Sophie, Frederick II and Louisa Ulrika.
Augustus was a general in the Silesian Wars.
He married Luise of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. Because his older brother had no children, Augustus's oldest son inherited the throne as Frederick William II of Prussia. The prince was the owner of the future Crown Prince's Palace in Berlin. Augustus died suddenly in 1758 at Oranienburg, according to some of "a broken heart," in reference to his brother Frederick II's harsh treatment of him for his incompetent military leadership in the Battle of Kolin during the Seven Years' War. In reality he died from a brain tumor.

</doc>
<doc id="2872851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872851" title="Henry Bourne Joy">
Henry Bourne Joy

Henry Bourne Joy (November 23, 1864 – November 6, 1936) was President of the Packard Motor Car Company, and a major developer of automotive activities as well as being a social activist.
In 1913, Joy and Carl Graham Fisher were driving forces as principal organizers of the Lincoln Highway Association, a group dedicated to building a concrete road from New York to San Francisco. After the first several years, Fisher had become more involved instead with creation of the north-south Dixie Highway project and became a developer of Miami Beach, but Joy was dedicated to the Lincoln Highway for the long-haul. Naming it after former U.S. President Abraham Lincoln was one of the moves Joy led, and his Lincoln Highway project was completed in his lifetime, despite lack of financial support by automotive leaders such as Henry Ford (Sr.).
Joy was also a prominent figure on both sides of prohibition during that turbulent era.
Early life.
Henry Joy was born in Detroit in 1864, the son of Michigan Central Railroad president James F. Joy. James Joy was involved with the great railroad push to Missouri, and hired Abraham Lincoln to assist him with mergers. Henry Joy began his schooling in Michigan, then graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover in 1883 and Yale University in 1892.
Career.
Joy began his career as an office boy with Peninsular Car Company (a Detroit company controlled by his father), working his way up to becoming assistant treasurer. He left to try his hand at mining in Utah, but returned to Detroit to become treasurer (and later director) of the Fort Street Union Depot Company. Joy also held various positions at the Detroit Union Railroad Station and Depot Company (treasurer, vice president, president, and director), becoming president after his father's death in 1896. He was later treasurer and director of the Peninsular Sugar Refining Company.
During the Spanish-American War, Joy served aboard the auxiliary cruiser (along with his brother-in-law and lifelong friend, Truman Handy Newberry) as chief boatswain's mate. Later, during World War I, Joy served in the US Army Signal Corps, entering as a captain and leaving as a lieutenant colonel.
Packard.
In 1902, on a trip to New York City, Joy happened to see two Packards chase down a horse-drawn fire wagon. Intrigued, Joy bought the only Packard available in the city. Joy loved the car, and, impressed by its reliability, he visited James Ward Packard at his Warren, Ohio headquarters. Packard told him he and his brother William Dowd Packard needed more capital. Joy enlisted a group of investors that included his brother-in-law, Truman Handy Newberry. On October 2, 1902, the Ohio Automobile Company became Packard Motor Car Company, with Joy's investors obtaining majority ownership.
The company moved to Detroit, where Joy engaged Albert Kahn, then a young architect with novel ideas, to design and build the world’s first reinforced concrete factory on East Grand Boulevard. The company prospered under Joy's leadership; he became the president in 1909 and chairman of the board in 1916.
During this time, Packard gained a reputation for technology and luxury. Joy steered Packard into innovative motor truck developments, and the creation of a V-12 engine. At the outbreak of WWI, Joy began investigating airplane engines with Packard engineers, a research program that culminated in the renowned Liberty Motor. Joy served at Packard until 1926 (with a temporary interruption to serve in WWI).
Later life.
His belief that the national prohibition of alcohol would lead to a safer, healthier and better society led him to be very active in the Anti-Saloon League. However, after the social experiment was implemented he saw first-hand some of its negative consequences. For example, Treasury agents twice came onto his land and destroyed the property of his elderly watchman looking for illegal alcohol. Then a fisherman boating near Joy's house was fatally shot by an agent because he couldn't hear over the noise of his motor the demand of the agent that he stop and be searched for contraband beverage. Joy's testimony to the United States Congress contributed to the success of the movement for the repeal of prohibition in 1933.
In 1913, Joy became one of the principal organizers and president of the Lincoln Highway Association, a group dedicated to building a concrete road from New York to San Francisco. The effort, which was heavily promoted by his vice president, Carl Graham Fisher, succeeded, and a monument to Joy along the Lincoln Highway at the Continental Divide was dedicated on July 2, 1939. In 2001, this monument was moved to a more accessible location west of Cheyenne, Wyoming. His great-grandson, Henry Bourne Joy IV, is a film maker, drives on the PRO-Rally circuit and is a life member of the revived Lincoln Highway Association.
Family life.
In 1892, Joy married Helen Hall Newberry. Helen's father was U.S. Congressman John Stoughton Newberry.

</doc>
<doc id="2872853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872853" title="Minister–Secretary of State for Finland">
Minister–Secretary of State for Finland

The Minister–Secretary of State for Finland (in Finnish "Ministerivaltiosihteeri"; in Swedish "Ministerstatssekreterare") represented Finnish interests in the Imperial Court in Saint Petersburg. Before 1834 the title was secretary of state. The Russian Tsar was represented in Helsinki, the capital of the Grand Duchy of Finland by the Governor General.
After Speransky (whose term had yet the Committee for Finnish Affairs as another actor in same matters), this State Secretary was required, as were Senators and so forth, to be a subject of the grand duchy.
This secretary of state was an official who, and whose office (there were deputy and assistants) had the monopoly to present Finnish affairs to the Emperor. All acts of the Emperor concerning the grand duchy, were to be countersigned by this State Secretary, or deputized officials. When the Finnish autonomy was establishing, other Finnish-related officials generally supported, and helped to build this monopoly (to mention, Governor-General Alexander Sergeyevich Menshikov was a supporter of this particularism and although he resided in St Petersburg and was in close contact with the emperor as simultaneous Russian Minister of Navy, he consistently had Finnish affairs to go through the Minister State Secretary). The tradition, endorsed by conservative Emperors such as Nicholas I, created a strong precedent. Russian general government was effectively kept out of Finnish affairs, this Minister having the benefit of the channel, and many possibilities to stall Russian ministers. Only in last two decades of the grabd duchy, those periods of russification, the system was attempted to be broken in some regards, but it created counteroffensives based on illegality arguments. Plehwe's appointment was criticized as illegal, because he was not Finnish citizen. Afterwards, russified Finnish citizens were occasionally used in this office and as members of the senate in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="2872862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872862" title="Ionithermie">
Ionithermie

Ionithermie is the name of a treatment offered in some spas that involves the application of electronic stimulation (claiming to employ Galvanic and Faradic electrical currents), micronized algae, and conductive thermal aroma clay.
Ionithermie treatment originated in France. It was invented by the French biochemist Olivier Fouche in 1979 and then launched in the UK in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="2872863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872863" title="Abiodun">
Abiodun

Abiodun (reigned 1770–1789) was an 18th-century "alaafin," or ruler, of the Oyo people in what is now Nigeria. Coming to the throne shortly after the Oyo subjugation of neighboring Dahomey, Abiodun soon found himself embroiled in a civil war over the goals of the newly wealthy state.
Bashorun Gaha, the empire's prime minister and lord marshal, had used his power to pervert the constitutional terms of abdication in a bid to limit the powers of the "Alaafin" and gain more political power for himself. During Gaha's power play, he had succeeded in removing three kings before Abiodun curtailed his excesses and had him burned alive. 
In terms of trade, while Abiodun favored economic expansion for its own sake, his opponents favored using the wealth from Dahomey's tribute to finance further military expansion. Abiodun soon proved victorious and pursued a policy of peaceful trade with the European merchants of the coast. This course significantly weakened the army, leaving his successor, Awole, facing a number of local revolts.
Abiodun's reign is generally remembered as a time of peace and prosperity for the Oyo, though Nigerian playwright Femi Òsófisan portrays him as a despot in his play "The Chattering and the Song" (1973).
His grandson Cândido da Fonseca Galvão, under the title of Dom Oba II, was an important South American abolitionist during Pedro II of Brazil's rule.

</doc>
<doc id="2872867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872867" title="Veniamin Kaverin">
Veniamin Kaverin

Veniamin Alexandrovich Kaverin (; real name - Вениамин Александрович Зильбер, or Veniamin Alexandrovich Zilber) (, Pskov – May 2, 1989, Moscow) was a Soviet writer associated with the early 1920s movement of the Serapion Brothers. The immunologist Lev Zilber was his older brother, and the critic Yury Tynyanov was his brother-in-law.
During the WWII evacuation in Yaroslavl, Kaverin completed his best-known novel, "The Two Captains" (1938-44), which colourfully recounts the adventures of Russian polar explorers before and after the Revolution. The book, awarded the Stalin Prize in 1946, was reissued 42 times in 25 years and was adapted for the screen twice, in 1955 and 1976. In 1966, Kaverin published a revised version of his 1929 study of Osip Senkovsky, "Baron Brambeus". Later, he worked on his reminiscences about the literary milieu of the 1920s, which contained passages highly critical of Soviet policies in literature.
As "The Moscow News" commented on his centenary, "Kaverin showed that even under the worst of conditions it is possible to retain one's human qualities and decency. His example is a reproach to so many other Soviet writers who sold their souls to the regime and committed reprehensible public acts". [http://english.mn.ru/english/issue.php?2002-16-12]

</doc>
<doc id="2872877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872877" title="Knox Theological Seminary">
Knox Theological Seminary

Knox Theological Seminary is an independent, evangelical seminary founded in 1989 by Dr. D. James Kennedy. The school offers "Christ-centered, gospel-driven, and mission-focused" ministry training at its residential facility in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, and through its Internet campus, Knox Online. 
History.
Named after the Scottish Reformer John Knox, Knox Theological Seminary was founded in 1989 by Dr. D. James Kennedy (1930–2007), the senior pastor of Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church. Kennedy wanted to build an institution that would teach and equip men and women to become pastors, teachers, evangelists, and lay workers who would fulfill the Great Commission (Matthew 28:18-20) and impact culture in every area. The goal, he said, was to train ministers who will "stand for truth without compromise and have a zeal for evangelism." 
The school graduated its first class in 1992 and was granted accreditation by the Association of Theological Schools in 2003. Knox obtained ATS approval in 2012 to offer two Master's degree programs (Biblical and Theological Studies, Christianity and Culture) entirely online. Knox Seminary was a subsidiary of Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church for the first 24 years of its existence but became an independent free-standing institution under the exclusive governance of its own board of directors on July 1, 2013. 
Academics.
Knox’s 35 full-time, adjunct, and visiting instructors give students enrolled in its four degree programs instruction designed to "train the mind and nurture the heart." The Knox faculty includes several of the nation's leading theological minds and some very gifted younger scholars. Dr. Gerald Bray, Distinguished Professor of Historical Theology, is a widely renowned evangelical church historian, Dr. Bryan Chapell, Distinguished Professor of Preaching, has had a prominent career in academics and the pastorate, and Dr. Bruce Waltke, Distinguished Professor of Old Testament, is recognized as one of the preeminent Old Testament scholars. 
Dr. Michael Allen, D. James Kennedy Professor of Systematic Theology, is a "rising star in the world of theological education," according to Knox Chairman Dr. Luder Whitlock. "In a short time, he has established himself as a significant scholar in the field of theological studies.” Other notable faculty include Dr. Jonathan Linebaugh, Dr. Sam Lamerson, Dr. Scott Manor, Dr. Warren Gage, and best-selling authors Dr. Jim Belcher and Tullian Tchividjian. Visiting and adjunct professors include Dr. Leith Anderson, Dr. Steve Brown, Dr. Haddon Robinson, Dr. William Edgar, Dr. Terry Gyger, and Dr. John Frame.
Knox currently offers four degree programs: Doctor of Ministry, Master of Divinity, Master of Arts (Christian and Classical Studies) and Master of Arts (Biblical and Theological Studies). It also offers a Certificate in Christian Ministry.[http://issuu.com/knoxseminary/docs/2012_academic_calalog_revised_8.21.12]
Knox received accreditation in 2003 through the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada.[http://www.ats.edu/member_schools/knoxtheo.asp] ATS accreditation is recognized by the "United States Department of Education" and the "Commission on Recognition of Postsecondary Accreditation" for the accreditation of graduate professional theological education. 
Knox Theological Seminary is also approved by the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI) to provide college credit and continuing education (CEU) courses.
Distinctives.
Knox Seminary equips men and women for effective ministry that is Christ centered, gospel driven, and mission focused.
Training is offered from the perspective of historic Reformed theology, however students from other evangelical perspectives are encouraged to apply and are heartily welcomed. 
Knox seeks to train both the mind and heart--to integrate solid Biblical, historical, and practical theology with true spirituality, enabling students to become leaders of church and society. This dual commitment to mind and heart is evidenced in graduate surveys showing that students leave Knox more theologically conservative and with a stronger faith. Knox seeks to protect its theological independence by declining state or federal student-aid funds. 
Governance.
Knox is governed by a Board of Directors. Knox Seminary does not currently have a president.
Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church granted independence to Knox on July 1, 2013, to allow the school to maximize opportunities afforded by an independent status. Knox continues to have a close relationship with Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church, including 25% board membership. Dr. Whitlock, chairman of the board, affirmed that "Knox will continue to hold to the same doctrinal standards and vision for evangelism that has marked its past."
Graduates.
Knox graduates serve as pastors, professors, Christian educators, counselors, evangelists, missionaries, and lay-leaders. Fully 66 percent of Knox graduates report that after studying at Knox their theological position shifted and became "more conservative," according to a survey conducted by the Association of Theological Schools. Knox graduates also report that their trust in God was "stronger" or "much stronger" as a consequence of their Knox education. A 2012 Knox graduate said: "My Knox education has completely changed my life. I never imagined that this school would leave such a huge impression on my heart and soul. The professors have taught me to love the Word of God..." 
Growth Initiatives.
Three developments sparked significant growth at Knox Seminary in 2012. The school entered into a relationship with Logos Bible Software to co-market Knox Online degree programs to Logos users, obtained approval from the Association of Theological Studies to offer two MA programs fully online, and approved an expansion plan called "Teach Thousands to Reach Millions." As a consequence, the number of total active students reached 459 in May 2012, more than double the number in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2872909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872909" title="Oak titmouse">
Oak titmouse

The oak titmouse ("Baeolophus inornatus") is a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae. The American Ornithologists' Union split the plain titmouse into the oak titmouse and the juniper titmouse in 1996, due to distinct differences in song, preferred habitat, and genetic makeup.
The oak titmouse is a small, brown-tinged gray bird with small tuft or crest. The face is plain, and the undersides are a lighter gray. Sexes are similar, as there is very little to no sexual dimorphism.
This species lives year-round on the Pacific slope, resident from southern Oregon south through California west of the Sierra Nevada to Baja California, but its range surrounds the central San Joaquin Valley. It prefers open woodlands of warm, dry oak and oak-pine at low to mid-elevations but can also be found in forests as long as adequate oak trees are present.
The oak titmouse will sleep in cavities, dense foliage or birdhouses. When roosting in foliage, the titmouse chooses a twig surrounded by dense foliage or an accumulation of dead pine needles, simulating a roost in a cavity. It forms pairs or small groups, but does not form large flocks. It may join mixed-species flocks after breeding season for foraging. Pairs stay together after the breeding season.
Oak titmice eat insects and spiders, and are sometimes seen catching insects in mid air. They will also take berries, acorns, and some seeds. This species forages on foliage, twigs, branches, trunks, and occasionally on ground, sometimes hanging upside down to forage, and hammering seeds against branches to open them. Oak titmice are attracted to feeders with suet, peanut butter and sunflower seeds.
The song of the oak titmouse is a series of repeated whistled notes of three to seven syllables, with first syllable higher in pitch than the following one. The call is a scratchy "tsicka-dee-dee".
The Oak Titmouse builds its nest in a woodpecker hole, a natural cavity, or a nest box, using grass, moss, mud, hair, feathers, and fur. It breeds from March into July, with peak activity in April and May, laying 3–9 eggs, usually 6–8. The female is the primary incubator, with incubation taking 14–16 days. Young are altricial, and are tended by both parents in nest for 16–21 days. Parents continue to tend to young for another three to four weeks after they leave the nest.
The oak titmouse and juniper titmouse appear almost identical, but differ in voice as well as range. The oak titmouse has a browner back than the juniper titmouse. The oak titmouse gives a repeated series of three to seven syllables, each comprising one low and one high note, while the Juniper Titmouse song consists of a series of rapid syllables on the same note. Ranges overlap only in a small area in California. The tufted titmouse, which does not overlap in range, has whiter belly, rusty flanks, and black on the forehead.

</doc>
<doc id="2872922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872922" title="Johannes Käbin">
Johannes Käbin

Johannes Käbin (born Ivan Käbin; 24 September 1905, Kalvi, Governorate of Estonia – 26 October 1999, Tallinn, Estonia) was an Soviet politician who led the Estonian Communist Party from 1950 to 1978. He was the Chairman of the Supreme Soviet (head of state) from 1978 to 1983. Initially a hardline Stalinist, he gradually became more moderate in the post-Stalin era but nevertheless remained devoted to the consolidation of Soviet rule in Estonia. Käbin was an ethnic Estonian but had been raised in Russia, as his family had moved to Saint Petersburg in 1910. He worked as a teacher in Moscow before returning to Estonia after the Second World War.
After the reindependence of Estonia till his death Käbin was a member of the Social Democratic Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2872925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872925" title="Juniper titmouse">
Juniper titmouse

The juniper titmouse ("Baeolophus ridgwayi") is a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae. The American Ornithologists' Union split the plain titmouse into the oak titmouse and the juniper titmouse in 1996, due to distinct differences in song, preferred habitat, and genetic makeup.
The juniper titmouse is a small, gray bird with small tuft or crest. The face is plain, and the undersides are a lighter gray. Sexes are similar.
This titmouse lives year-round primarily in the Great Basin, but is resident from southeastern Oregon and central Colorado south to the eastern Mojave Desert in California and central Arizona, as far as west Texas and extreme northeastern Sonora, Mexico-(the Madrean sky islands). Prefers open woodlands of warm, dry pinyon-juniper, juniper and desert riparian woods.
Juniper titmice will sleep in cavities, dense foliage, or birdhouses. When roosting in foliage, the titmouse chooses a twig surrounded by dense foliage or an accumulation of dead pine needles, simulating a roost in a cavity. It forms pairs or small groups, but does not form large flocks. It may join mixed-species flocks after breeding season for foraging.
The juniper titmouse eats insects and spiders, sometimes seen catching insects in mid air. It also takes berries, acorns, and some seeds, sometimes hammering seeds against branches to open them. The bird forages on foliage, twigs, branches, trunks, and occasionally on the ground. Strong legs and feet allows it to hang upside down to forage. Juniper titmouse is attracted to feeders with suet, peanut butter and sunflower seeds.
The song of the juniper titmouse is a rolling series of notes given on the same pitch. Its call sounds like a raspy "tschick-adee".
This species builds its nest in a woodpecker hole, natural cavity, or nest box, lining it with grass, moss, mud, hair, feathers, and fur. It breeds from March into July, with peak activity in April and May, laying 3–9 eggs, usually 4–7. The female is the primary incubator, the process of which takes 14–16 days. Young are altricial, and are tended by both parents in nest for 16–21 days. Parents continue to tend to young for another three to four weeks after the young leave the nest.
The oak titmouse and juniper titmouse appear almost identical, but differ in voice as well as range. The oak titmouse has a browner back than the juniper titmouse. The oak titmouse gives a repeated series of three to seven syllables, each composed of one low and one high note, while the juniper titmouse song consists of a series of rapid syllables on the same note. Ranges overlap only in a small area in California. The tufted titmouse, which does not overlap in range, has whiter belly, rusty flanks, and black on the forehead.

</doc>
<doc id="2872938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872938" title="Joseph H. Choate, Jr.">
Joseph H. Choate, Jr.

Joseph H. Choate, Jr. (February 2, 1876 – January 19, 1968) chaired the Voluntary Committee of Lawyers, a group established in 1927 that promoted the repeal of prohibition. Upon repeal in 1933, President Franklin Roosevelt named Choate the first head of the Federal Alcohol Control Administration (FACA).
Biography.
He married Cora Oliver, daughter of General Robert Shaw Oliver in 1903. They had four children. He died in 1968.
Quotes.
One of Choate's very famous quotes was "You cannot live without lawyers, and certainly you cannot die without them."

</doc>
<doc id="2872945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872945" title="1939 California tropical storm">
1939 California tropical storm

The 1939 California tropical storm, also called the 1939 Long Beach tropical storm, El Cordonazo, The Lash of St. Francis was a tropical cyclone that hit Southern California in September, 1939. Formerly a hurricane, it was the only tropical storm to make landfall in California in the twentieth century. The only other known tropical cyclone to directly affect California is the 1858 San Diego Hurricane, and only three other eastern Pacific tropical cyclones have caused gale-force winds in the continental United States. The tropical storm caused heavy flooding, leaving many dead, mostly at sea.
Meteorological history.
On September 15, a tropical depression formed off the coast of Central America. It moved west-northwest, passing southwest of the Revillagigedo Islands. It then turned north and then north-eastward. For some time, it was a hurricane, and it lost that intensity on or just before September 25. The tropical storm made landfall near San Pedro, California early on September 25 with winds of severe gale strength. It dissipated later that day. The strongest reported wind was of Force 11, reported by a ship, making this system a minimal hurricane. The lowest pressure was reported by the same ship and was 28.67 inHg (971 mb).
Due to the rotation of the Earth, tropical cyclones in the Northern Hemisphere tend to move from east to west. This causes tropical cyclones to approach the West Coast of the United States infrequently. Another inhibiting factor for a California landfall is the water temperatures. Because of the water currents, the waters off California are rarely above , which is too cold for hurricanes to sustain themselves. This tropical cyclone was rare enough that only three other eastern Pacific tropical cyclones brought tropical storm-force winds to the Continental United States during the twentieth century. The Long Beach Tropical Storm was the only one to make landfall; the other three hit Mexico before moving north.
Impact.
The storm dropped heavy rain on California, with falling in Los Angeles (5.24 inches in 24 hours) and recorded at Mount Wilson, both September records. Over three hours, one thunderstorm dropped nearly of rain on Indio. 9.65 inches fell on Raywood Flat, and on Palm Springs. 4.83 inches fell on Pasadena, a September record at the time. At the Citrus Belt near Anaheim, at least 4.63 inches of rain fell. The at Mount Wilson is one of California's highest rainfall amounts from a tropical cyclone, although at least one system has a higher point maximum. The rains caused a flood 2 to deep in the Coachella Valley, although some of this may be attributable to a rainstorm dropping the day before the storm hit. The Los Angeles River, which was usually low during September, became a raging torrent.
The flooding killed 45 in Southern California, although some of these may be attributable to the rain immediately before the tropical storm. At sea, 48 were killed. The National Hurricane Center only attributes 45 deaths to this system. Six people caught on beaches drowned during the storm. Most other deaths were at sea. Twenty-four died aboard a vessel called the "Spray" as it attempted to dock at Point Mugu. The two survivors, a man and a woman, swam ashore and then walked five miles (8 km) to Oxnard. Fifteen people from Ventura drowned aboard a fishing boat called the "Lur". Many other vessels were sunk, capsized, or blown ashore.
Many low-lying areas were flooded. The Hamilton Bowl overflowed, flooding the Signal Hill area. Along the shore from Malibu to Huntington Beach houses were flooded. Throughout the area, thousands of people were stranded in their homes. Streets in Los Angeles proper were covered with water, flooding buildings and stalling cars. Flooding in Inglewood and Los Angeles reached a depth of 2 to 3 feet. Construction on a flood control project in the Los Angeles River's channel by the Army Corps of Engineers was stopped by the flooding. In Long Beach windows throughout that city were smashed by the wind. At Belmont Shore, waves undermined ten homes before washing them away. Debris was scattered throughout the coast. Agriculture was disrupted. Crop damage in the Coachella Valley reached 75%.
Rains washed away a section of the Southern Pacific Railroad near Indio, and a stretch of the Santa Fe main line near Needles. Waters backing up from a storm drain under construction in the Santa Monica Valley blocked U.S. Route 6 in California. The pier at Point Mugu was washed away. In Pasadena, 5000 people were left without electricity and 2000 telephones lost service. Communications throughout the affected area was disrupted or rendered impossible. The total amount of damage was $2 million (1939 USD, $26.2 million 2005 USD).
The tropical storm was credited with at least one beneficial effect: it ended a vicious heat wave that had lasted for over a week and killed at least ninety people.
People were caught unprepared by the storm, which was described as "sudden". Some people were still on the beach at Long Beach when the wind reached 40 miles per hour, at which time lifeguards closed the beach. Schools were closed there. Out at sea, the Coast Guard and Navy conducted rescue operations, saving dozens of people. In response to Californians' unpreparedness, the Weather Bureau established a forecast office for southern California, which began operations in February 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="2872947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872947" title="George &quot;Harmonica&quot; Smith">
George &quot;Harmonica&quot; Smith

George "Harmonica" Smith (April 22, 1924 – October 2, 1983) (born Allen George Smith) was an American electric blues harmonica player.
Life and career.
Born in West Helena, Arkansas, United States, but brought up in Cairo, Illinois, he began playing professionally in 1951. He joined the Muddy Waters' band in 1954 and played intermittently with that group. He spent most of his life living on the West Coast of the United States. 
Smith played with Bacon Fat a blues group before working with Big Mama Thornton in the 1970s. He played harmonica on her live album "Jail" in 1975.
George "Harmonica" Smith died in 1983, in Los Angeles, California at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="2872951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872951" title="William J. G. Turner">
William J. G. Turner

William John Gascoyne ("Bill") Turner (October 20, 1952 – June 26, 1987) worked extensively as a composer, director, dramatist, producer and actor. He wrote for nearly 30 productions, including three operas and numerous musicals.
Mr. Turner began his theatrical career in Shorewood, Wisconsin, acting in or creating costumes for high school productions. At Shorewood High School he met his first collaborator, Lory Lazarus, and the two of them created their first musical together: The Reunion Of Sam, with Mr. Turner writing the music. This theater of the absurd musical was first performed in 1969 in their English class. The following year it received staged readings at various coffeehouses in the Milwaukee area, finally receiving a full production in 1973 when they were both students at the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee. Also while attending UW-M, Mr. Turner created incidental music for Lazarus' Inanimation, performed by Milwaukee's Theatre X, and The Utopian And The Scab, performed by fellow drama students. They started work on their next musical, Farnum's Fabulous Freaks, but work on it came to a halt when Mr. Turner moved to Utah.
Trained at the American Conservatory Theater (ACT) in San Francisco, Mr. Turner also held a BFA in theatrical direction from Carnegie Mellon University. As a directing student, he directed a production of Sondheim's Evening Primrose as well as the premiere of the musical Glitz! (book and lyrics by John Mangano, music by Charles Gilbert) for Scotch 'n' Soda, the student theater group at Carnegie Mellon.
As a founding member and artistic director of Theatre Express in Pittsburgh, Mr. Turner wrote, directed, produced or composed music for more than 24 productions from 1976-1980. His productions of the operas A Lyrical Opera Made By Two and The Unlit Corridor were performed throughout the east, most notably at the Long Wharf Theatre and La Mama E.T.C., both in 1980. In addition to the premiere of his own works, he directed productions of Eugène Ionesco's Killing Game, Sam Shepard's Angel City, Richard Foreman and Stanley Silverman's Hotel for Criminals, Leon Katz's Son of Arlecchino, and William Bolcom and Arnold Weinstein's Dynamite Tonight. During this time, he also was an artist in residence at Tufts University.
After Theatre Express folded in 1980, Turner and his partner, Mike Humphries, moved to Delaware, where he taught and directed (Shaw's You Never Can Tell) at the University of Delaware. He collaborated with composer and lyricist Charles Gilbert on a musical entitled B.G.D.F., and directed the premiere of that work in the summer of 1982.
Subsequently, Bill and Mike moved to New York City, where Bill created several original works (see below). He directed Al Carmines' Camp Meeting at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in 1986, and his opera A Bird In The Hand, premiered in New York in 1985. He composed music for a staged reading of John Brown's Body in memory of Allen Fletcher, director of the American Conservatory Theatre, and directed Al Carmines' Camp Meeting, a benefit staged to celebrate the fiftieth birthday of the author, a composer, lyricist, playwright, and priest. During the last two years of his life, he found great satisfaction in his work as a literacy volunteer, teaching adults to read and write. He published the works of fourteen students in The Writing Group: 1986 Yearbook. He edited the collection from his hospital bed. He died of AIDS at the age of 34.
Turner's musical manuscripts are archived in the Music Collection of the New York Public Library.
Posthumous productions.
A Lyrical Opera Made By Two was produced by the University of the Arts in Philadelphia in 2005. That production toured in the UK in April 2005, where it was presented at the International Festival of Musical Theater in Cardiff, Wales. The work was also performed at the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts (LIPA) and the Central School of Speech and Drama in London. The production was directed by Charles Gilbert, who has been designated by Turner's family as the artistic executor for this work.
The University of the Arts will revive Made By Two in April 2011 as part of the Philadelphia International Festival of the Arts (PIFA).

</doc>
<doc id="2872959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872959" title="Supreme Court of Singapore">
Supreme Court of Singapore

The Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore is one of the two tiers of the court system in Singapore, the other tier being the Subordinate Courts.
The Supreme Court consists of the Court of Appeal and the High Court and hears both civil and criminal matters. The Court of Appeal hears both civil and criminal appeals from the High Court. The Court of Appeal may also decide a point of law reserved for its decision by the High Court, as well as any point of law of public interest arising in the course of an appeal from a subordinate court to the High Court, which has been reserved by the High Court for the decision of the Court of Appeal.
The High Court's jurisdiction is as follows: generally, a civil case is commenced in the High Court if the subject matter of the claim exceeds S$250,000. Probate matters are dealt with in the High Court if the value of the estate exceeds S$3 million or if the case involves the resealing of a foreign grant. In addition, ancillary matters in family proceedings involving assets of S$1.5 million or above are heard in the High Court.
Criminal cases involving offences which carry the death penalty and generally those punishable with imprisonment for a term exceeding ten years, are prosecuted in the High Court. Non-bailable offences are generally tried in the High Court. As a rule of thumb, the High Court in Singapore has inherent jusrisdiction to try all matters within Singapore.
History.
The earliest predecessor of the Supreme Court was the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales' Island (now Penang), Singapore and Malacca, which was established by the Second Charter of Justice, issued by the Crown as letters patent dated 27 November 1826. The Court was presided over by the Governor of the Straits Settlements and Resident Councillor of the settlement where the court was to be held, and another judge called the Recorder. The Third Charter of Justice of 12 August 1855 reorganized the Court, providing the Straits Settlements with two Recorders, one for Prince of Wales' Island and the other for Singapore and Malacca. Following the reconstitution of the Straits Settlements as a Crown colony with effect from 1 April 1867, the Court of Judicature was replaced by the Supreme Court of the Straits Settlements. The Governor and Resident Councillors ceased to be judges of the Court. Further changes to the Court's constitution were made in 1873. It now consisted of two divisions – the Chief Justice and the Senior Puisne Judge formed the Singapore and Malacca division of the Court, while the Judge of Penang and the Junior Puisne Judge formed the Penang division. The Supreme Court also received jurisdiction to sit as an Court of Appeal in civil matters. In 1878 the jurisdiction and residence of judges was made more flexible, thus impliedly abolishing the geographical division of the Supreme Court. Appeals from decisions of the Supreme Court lay first to the Court of Appeal and then to the Queen-in-Council, the latter appeals being heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.
As a result of legislation passed in 1885, the Supreme Court consisted of the Chief Justice and three puisne judges. The Court was significantly altered in 1907. It now had two divisions, one exercising original civil and criminal jurisdiction and the other appellate civil and criminal jurisdiction.
During the Japanese occupation of Singapore (1942–1945), all the courts that had operated under the British were replaced by new courts established by the Japanese Military Administration. The Syonan Koto-Hoin (Supreme Court) was formed on 29 May 1942; there was also a Court of Appeal, but it was never convened. Following the end of World War II, the courts that had existed before the war were restored. There was no change in the judicial system when the Straits Settlements were dissolved in 1946, and Singapore became a crown colony in its own right, except that the Supreme Court of the Straits Settlements became known as the Supreme Court of Singapore.
Singapore gained independence from the United Kingdom through merger with Malaysia in 1963. The judicial power of Malaysia was vested in a Federal Court, a High Court in Malaya, a High Court in Borneo (now the High Court in Sabah and Sarawak), and a High Court in Singapore (which replaced the Supreme Court of the Colony of Singapore). Appeals lay from the High Court in Singapore to the Federal Court in Kuala Lumpur, and then to the Privy Council. The merger did not last: in 1965 Singapore left the Federation of Malaysia and became an independent republic. However, the High Court remained part of the Federal Court structure until 1969, when Singapore enacted the Supreme Court of Judicature Act to regularize the judicial system. Coming into force on 9 January 1970, the Act declared that the Supreme Court of Singapore now consisted of the Court of Appeal, the Court of Criminal Appeal and the High Court. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council remained Singapore's highest appellate court until a permanent Court of Appeal for both civil and criminal appeals was established. Appeals to the Privy Council were completely abolished in 1994.
Constitution of the Court.
Article 93 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore vests the judicial power of Singapore in the Supreme Court and the Subordinate Courts. The Chief Justice is the head of the judiciary.
The Supreme Court is a superior court of record. It is superior in the sense that its jurisdiction to hear civil and criminal cases is unlimited compared to the Subordinate Courts, and it hears appeals from these courts. As a court of record, it keeps a perpetual record of its proceedings. The Court of Appeal is the upper division of the Supreme Court, the lower one being the High Court.
The Supreme Court Bench consists of the Chief Justice, the Judges of Appeal, and Judges and Judicial Commissioners of the High Court. All members of the Bench are appointed by the President of Singapore if he, acting in his discretion, concurs with the advice of the Prime Minister. Before Judges of Appeal, High Court Judges and Judicial Commissioners are appointed, the Prime Minister must also consult the Chief Justice before tendering advice on the matter to the President. A person is qualified to be appointed a Judge if he or she has for an aggregate period of not less than ten years been a qualified person within the meaning of the Legal Profession Act or a member of the Singapore Legal Service, or both.
The Court of Appeal is made up of the Chief Justice, who is the President of the Court, and the Judges of Appeal. The Chief Justice may ask High Court judges to sit as judges of the Court of Appeal to hear specific appeals. Pursuant to the Chief Justice's power to appoint Judges of Appeal as vice-presidents of the Court, Justice of Appeal Chao Hick Tin has been Vice-President of the Court since 18 April 2008. The High Court consists of the Chief Justice and the Judges of the High Court, together with Judicial Commissioners who have the same powers and immunities as High Court Judges.
When hearing an appeal, the Court of Appeal normally sits with a bench of three Judges of Appeal, one of whom is the Chief Justice. If necessary though, such as in cases of unusual difficulty or importance, the bench may comprise five or any greater uneven number of judges. Certain appeals, including those against interlocutory orders, may be heard by only two judges. Matters before the Court are decided according to the opinion of the majority of the members of the Court hearing the case. If there are only two judges hearing an appeal and they disagree, the appeal is dismissed and the decision appealed against stands. Proceedings in the High Court are heard before a single judge, unless otherwise provided by any written law. A Judge of Appeal may also sit in the High Court as a Judge.
Administration.
Administration of the Supreme Court is managed by its registry, which handles matters such as receiving and storing court documents filed in the court, and ensuring they are transmitted to judges for use during hearings. The Registry is headed by the Registrar who is assisted by the Deputy Registrar, Senior Assistant Registrars and Assistant Registrars. These officers are appointed by the President on the Chief Justice's recommendation, and are members of the Judicial Branch of the Singapore Legal Service. In addition to their administrative responsibilities, registrars deal with certain types of court proceedings in chambers, such as the assessment of damages, hearings of bankruptcy petitions and applications, interlocutory matters and pre-trial conferences. Registrars are also appointed as district judges or magistrates, which enables them to conduct preliminary inquiries to determine whether there are enough grounds for trying accused persons for criminal offences in the High Court. The Registry is also staffed by commissioners for oaths, interpreters, clerks and process servers. Justices' law clerks, who work directly under the Chief Justice's charge, assist Judges and Judicial Commissioners with legal research, particularly for Court of Appeal matters.
A Chief Executive of Judiciary Administration & Operations position was established from February 1, 2013. The chief executive main responsibilities includes overseeing the administration and operations of the Supreme Court.
Calendar.
The Chief Justice is empowered to determine the sitting times of the High Court and the Court of Appeal and the distribution of business among judges, and to schedule vacations of the Supreme Court not exceeding two months in each calendar year. In general, the High Court and Court of Appeal sits throughout the year except during the mid-year and end-year court vacations (usually end of May to end of June, and the beginning of December to the beginning of January respectively).
The opening of each legal year is marked with a ceremony usually held on the first Saturday of January, though in 2011 it took place on the first Friday. In form it is a court hearing, though lawyers are not required to dress in court robes. During the ceremony, the Attorney-General and the President of the Law Society of Singapore deliver speeches. The Chief Justice then responds with his own speech, and also announces the names of advocates and solicitors appointed as Senior Counsel. The speeches generally summarize legal developments over the past year and look forward to the future, and the Attorney-General and Law Society President traditionally pledge that legal officers and legal practitioners will continue to support the judiciary and co-operate with each other.
The Opening of the Legal Year ceremony can be traced back to the ceremonial opening of the first assizes of the year which was held in the 19th century when Singapore was managed by the East India Company. The assizes were periodic criminal courts held in Singapore. The ceremony ceased for some years but was revived in 1923. In that year the ceremony involved the Chief Justice inspecting a Sikh guard of honour commanded by a "subedar" outside the Supreme Court, then being met by the Registrar, Deputy Registrar and Sheriff. The four gentlemen made their way to the Chief Justice's chambers in the courthouse, the route lined by police officers and members of the Bar. By 1926, the practice of attending a service at St. Andrew's Cathedral prior to the honour guard inspection had been revived, and in 1955 it was reported that a service was also held at the Cathedral of the Good Shepherd for Roman Catholic judges and lawyers. Church services ceased to be an official part of the ceremony when Singapore joined the Federation of Malaysia in 1963, though members of the legal profession continued to attend special services in an unofficial capacity. Following Singapore's full independence in 1965, the ceremony became known as the Opening of the Legal Year. The ceremony was generally held on the first Monday in January following the end-of-year court vacation, but in 1971 for the first time it was held on the first Saturday in January to coincide with the inaugural Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Singapore. This set the trend for subsequent years. It appears that the parade by police officers during which Chief Justice inspected a guard of honour was abolished in the late 1960s or early 1970s.
Jurisdiction and powers.
Jurisdiction.
Court of Appeal.
The Court of Appeal exercises only appellate jurisdiction in civil and criminal matters. In other words, it possesses no original jurisdiction – it does not deal with trials of matters coming before the court for the first time. In general, the Court hears civil appeals from decisions of the High Court made in the exercise of the latter's original and appellate jurisdiction, that is, decisions on cases that started in the High Court as well as decisions that were appealed from the Subordinate Courts to the High Court. However, this rule is subject to various restrictions. Some types of High Court decisions are not appealable to the Court of Appeal, while others are only appealable if the Court grants leave (permission).
Where criminal matters are concerned, the Court only hears appeals from cases originating in the High Court. Matters heard by the High Court on appeal from the Subordinate Courts cannot be further appealed to the Court of Appeal, though questions of law may be submitted to the Court for determination. During a Subordinate Court trial, instead of applying for the trial judge to state a case for the High Court's opinion, a party to the proceedings may apply to the Court of Appeal for leave for a case to be stated directly to that Court.
High Court.
The High Court hears both criminal and civil cases as a court of first instance – it can deal with trials of matters coming before the courts for the first time. A special aspect of the Court's original jurisdiction is its judicial review jurisdiction. The Court exercises two types of judicial review: judicial review under the Constitution of Singapore, and judicial review of administrative acts.
With a few limited exceptions, the High Court has the jurisdiction to hear and try any action "in personam" (that is, directed towards a particular person) where the defendant is served with a writ of summons or other originating process in or outside Singapore, or where the defendant submits to the Court's jurisdiction. In theory, the Court has unlimited original jurisdiction – it can hear any type of case no matter how trivial or serious. In practice, though, parties may be penalized by having to pay higher costs (legal fees) if they choose to bring a civil case before the High Court when it is more appropriately dealt with by a subordinate court. Generally, except in probate matters, a civil case must be commenced in the High Court if the value of the claim exceeds S$250,000. Probate matters are commenced in the High Court only if the value of the deceased's estate exceeds $3 million, or if the case involves the resealing of a foreign grant of probate or letters of administration.
Admiralty matters, bankruptcy proceedings and company winding-up proceedings are exclusively heard by the High Court. The Court also exercises jurisdiction relating to divorce and matrimonial matters; and to appoint and control the legal guardians of infants (minors) and mentally disordered persons, and make orders concerning their persons and property. However, matrimonial and guardianship proceedings have been transferred to the District Court, except for contested applications for the division of matrimonial assets worth $1.5 million or more which are still heard in the High Court. Proceedings under the Mental Capacity Act begun in the High Court on or after 1 March 2010 are also dealt with by district courts.
The High Court has jurisdiction to try all offences committed in Singapore and may also try offences committed outside Singapore in certain circumstances. In criminal cases, the High Court generally tries cases where the offences are punishable with death or imprisonment for a term which exceeds ten years. The High Court also hears appeals from the decisions of District Courts and Magistrates' Courts in civil and criminal cases, and decides points of law reserved in special cases submitted by a District Court or a Magistrate's Court. In addition, the High Court has general supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction over all subordinate courts in any civil or criminal matter.
Powers.
General.
The High Court exercises powers that are vested in it by written law. It may, for instance, order that evidence be preserved by seizure, detention, inspection, photographing, the taking of samples, the conduct of experiments or in any manner, both before and after proceedings are commenced; transfer any proceedings to any other court, or to or from any subordinate court; and order the medical examination of a person who is a party to any proceedings where his or her physical or mental condition is relevant to any matter in question in the proceedings. When hearing an appeal, the Court of Appeal possesses all the powers and duties of the High Court, and has "full power to determine any question necessary to be determined for the purpose of doing justice in any case before the Court".
The High Court has power to prohibit vexatious litigants from bringing or continuing legal proceedings without its permission. The Attorney-General must apply to the Court for such an order, and the Court must be satisfied that the person has "habitually and persistently and without any reasonable ground instituted vexatious legal proceedings, in any court or subordinate court, whether against the same person or against different persons".
Regulation of lawyers.
All advocates and solicitors admitted to the bar and all officers of the Singapore Legal Service are officers of the Supreme Court. The Court therefore plays important roles in the admission of lawyers to the bar and their professional discipline.
Persons seeking to become advocates and solicitors must apply to the Supreme Court. An advocate is a lawyer who appears in court on behalf of his or her client, while solicitors traditionally deal with non-contentious legal matters that do not require court appearances. As the legal profession in Singapore is fused, applicants are admitted to the bar as both advocates and solicitors, and may practise as either or both. Admission is in the discretion of the Court and subject to the requirements specified in the Legal Profession Act. The Act specifically provides that no person is disqualified by sex from being admitted and enrolled as an advocate and solicitor. Unless the Chief Justice orders otherwise, applications for admission as an advocate and solicitor are heard on the second Wednesday of each month except during court vacations. The Court generally arranges a "mass call" of advocates and solicitors on the last Saturday of May to cater to the large number of graduates from the Faculty of Law of the National University of Singapore and the School of Law of the Singapore Management University completing their professional training and seeking admission to the bar at this time of year. Where a case is difficult and complex, the Court may admit on an "ad hoc" basis a Queen's Counsel who does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia and who has special qualifications or experience to practise as an advocate and solicitor for the purpose of the case. Lawyers practising as advocates and solicitors, other than Queen's Counsel admitted "ad hoc", are required to apply annually to the Registrar of the Supreme Court for a practising certificate.
Complaints about the conduct of advocates and solicitors may be referred by the Council of the Law Society of Singapore to an inquiry panel appointed by the Chief Justice. The inquiry panel investigates the complaint and reports on the matter to the Council. The Council, on considering the report, may decide that no formal investigation is necessary, impose a penalty on the lawyer concerned, or apply to the Chief Justice for a disciplinary tribunal to be appointed to formally investigate the complaint. If a disciplinary tribunal is convened, it hears and investigates the matter and decides whether any disciplinary action against the lawyer is warranted. If not, it may dismiss the matter or impose a penalty appropriate to the misconduct. However, if it determines that disciplinary action is necessary, the Law Society must apply to the Supreme Court for the matter to be heard by a court of three judges, which has power to order that a lawyer be struck off the roll of advocates and solicitors, suspended from practice for not more than five years, fined up to $100,000, or censured.
Judicial precedent.
As the highest court of Singapore and its final appellate court, under the principles of "stare decisis" (judicial precedent) decisions of the Court of Appeal are binding on the High Court and Subordinate Courts. Even if judges in these courts disagree with the reasoning given by the Court of Appeal in particular cases, they are required to apply the legal principles laid down in those cases.
The Court of Appeal became Singapore's final appellate court following the abolition of all appeals to the Privy Council with effect from 8 April 1994. On 11 July that year, the Court handed down a practice statement declaring that it would regard itself free to depart from previous decisions of its own or of the Privy Council
The Court justified this new principle on the basis that "the political, social and economic circumstances of Singapore have changed enormously since Singapore became an independent and sovereign republic. The development of our law should reflect these changes and the fundamental values of Singapore society."
Decisions of the High Court are binding on District Courts and Magistrates' Courts. However, a judge of the High Court is not bound by previous decisions by other High Court judges. As a matter of comity, though, a High Court judge will generally not depart from a previous decision unless there is a good reason to do so, particularly if that decision has stood for some time. If there are conflicting High Court decisions, it is up to the Court of Appeal to decide which decision is correct.
Where the President has referred to the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore Tribunal a question concerning the Constitution's effect on a bill, no court – including the Court of Appeal – may subsequently question the Tribunal's opinion on the bill or, assuming the bill is found to be constitutional, the validity of any law based on the bill.
Court dress.
Wigs.
Up to the early 20th century wigs were not consistently worn in court by judges in Singapore, apparently due to the hot climate – in a letter of 13 February 1934 to "The Straits Times" the writer said that when he first arrived in Malaya seven years earlier he had been "astonished" to discover that judges and barristers did not don wigs, which he felt were "an important or necessary part of Court attire". Full-bottomed (long) horsehair wigs were, however, worn on ceremonial occasions such as the opening of the assizes. Two judges were notable for habitually wearing wigs: Justice Earnshaw, who wore a full-bottomed one; and Walter Sidney Shaw, Chief Justice between 1921 and 1925, who wore a short bob-wig. Upon his retirement, Shaw C.J. said that he had introduced the custom of wearing his wig in court
From January 1934, judges began consistently wearing wigs in court, and most lawyers followed suit. There was, however, occasional criticism of the practice. The wearing of short wigs by lawyers was optional, and tended to be favoured by more senior lawyers.
At the Opening of the Legal Year on 5 January 1991, the Chief Justice Yong Pung How announced that the Council of Judges had unanimously decided that the short wig would cease to be part of court dress for all judges and lawyers, including Queen's Counsel appearing in Singapore courts. However, judges would continue to wear full-bottomed wigs on ceremonial occasions. Two years later in 1993 the latter practice was itself done away with, the Chief Justice commenting that the judges' ceremonial red robes and full-bottomed wigs were "now considered by many to be inappropriate as court dress for Judges and Judicial Commissioners in an independent sovereign Singapore. These have in fact been the butt of more and more derisory comment."
Robes.
In colonial times, a judge in Singapore dressed in a manner similar to some of his counterparts in the United Kingdom. He wore a long scarlet robe with a grey cape or mantle and a black scarf around his shoulders, a white wing-collared shirt, and bands (a linen collar made of two rectangular pieces tied at the throat). Subsequently, the ordinary and ceremonial dress worn by judges was adapted from two of the various forms of court dress of English courts. On 9 January 1993, at the Opening of the Legal Year, the Chief Justice announced that judges would henceforth wear a lightweight black robe over an ordinary white shirt with a turn-down collar and a tie. The difficulty of obtaining shirts with wing collars and the growing sense that the traditional gown was inappropriate for the judiciary of an independent republic were cited as reasons for this change. On ceremonial occasions such as the Opening of the Legal Year, Supreme Court judges wear red robes with a black strip around the collar and extending down the front of the robe. The black strip on the Chief Justice's robe is edged with gold.
Formerly, a lawyer appearing in open court would wear a dark suit, a shirt with a wing collar, bands, and an English barrister's black robe. Women lawyers were required to wear skirts. With effect from 1993, the need for bands and wing-collared shirts was done away with. In open court, male lawyers are required to dress in "the existing gown worn over an ordinary long-sleeved white shirt with a turn-down collar, a tie of a subdued or sober colour, a dark jacket, dark trousers and black or plain coloured shoes". The instructions for the attire of female lawyers is similar, except that they must wear "a long-sleeved white blouse high to the neck" and must avoid "onspicuous jewellery or ornaments". They may either wear a skirt or trousers. Gowns need not be worn when appearing before judges and registrars in chambers. Senior counsel may wear "a gown in the design of those worn by Queen's Counsel of England and Wales" made of silk, a silk and wool mix, or artificial silk.
Supreme Court Building.
The first courthouse in Singapore was the building known previously as Maxwell House and today as the Arts House at the Old Parliament. It was built in 1827 as a residence for a merchant named John Argyle Maxwell, but he opted to rent it to the colonial government for a rent of 500 Indian rupees a month for 15 years. A central room on the upper floor facing High Street was used by the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales' Island, Singapore, and Malacca, while other rooms were used as government offices. In 1839, the court moved to a newly built one-storey annexe adjacent to Maxwell House so that the latter could be used entirely by the colonial government. Maxwell eventually sold the building to Sir George Bonham, Governor of the Straits Settlements, and the East India Company on 10 October 1842 for 15,600 Spanish dollars. However, the Maxwell House annexe proved to be unsuitable as a courthouse due to noise from a nearby shipbuilding yard. A new courthouse by the Singapore River was built in 1865. This building now forms the central core of the Empress Place Building which is occupied by the Asian Civilisations Museum. The courthouse was occupied by the court till 1875, when it moved into a new extension wing of Maxwell House. Maxwell House was eventually taken over by the legislature in 1954.
Construction on a new courthouse, now called the Old Supreme Court Building, began in 1937 on the site of the Grand Hotel de L'Europe on Saint Andrew's Road opposite the Padang. On 1 April 1937 the building's foundation stone – then the largest in Malaya – was laid by the Governor, Sir Shenton Thomas. Beneath the stone were placed six Singapore newspapers dated 31 March 1937 and some Straits Settlements coins; this time capsule is due to be retrieved in the year 3000. The Supreme Court Building was declared open by the Governor on 3 August 1939 and handed over to the Chief Justice Sir Percy McElwaine. Originally, the courthouse had four courts; another seven were added over the years. As this proved insufficient because of the Supreme Court's burgeoning caseload, at Chief Justice Wee Chong Jin's direction six additional courtrooms were constructed in the City Hall Building next door in 1986, and another six in 1988.
The present Supreme Court Building at 1 Supreme Court Lane (formerly Colombo Court) behind the old building was constructed between 2002 and 2005. Occupying , it was designed by British architectural firm Foster and Partners and local architectural consultants CPG Corporation. The building is clad in translucent sheets of Portuguese "rosa aurora" marble. The liberal use of glass in atria, skylights and lift shafts, and the open layout of the building, are said to signify the ideal of transparency in the law. Operations in the building started on 20 June 2005, the first hearings took place on 27 June, and the building was officially opened by President S.R. Nathan at the Opening of the Legal Year ceremony on 7 January 2006. There are 12 civil courts, eight criminal courts and three appellate courts. High Court hearings take place in courtrooms on the second through sixth storeys, while the Court of Appeal is on the ninth storey, the highest level, in a disc-shaped structure that is a modern interpretation of the Old Supreme Court Building's dome and is intended to represent the impartiality of justice.

</doc>
<doc id="2872963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872963" title="Kiplinger">
Kiplinger

Kiplinger ( ) is a Washington, D.C. based publisher of business forecasts and personal finance advice, available in print, online, audio, video and software products (Kiplinger.com).
Its best-known publications are "The Kiplinger Letter", a weekly business and economic forecasting periodical for people in management, and the monthly "Kiplinger's Personal Finance" magazine. The total paid circulation of its periodicals exceeds 850,000, and its Web site, Kiplinger.com receives nearly 1.2 million unique visits per month (spring 2010).
Through syndication, its personal finance content is regularly featured on the home pages of such portals as AOL, Yahoo and MSN. It also appears each Sunday in "The Washington Post" and on washingtonpost.com. Kiplinger also provides custom publishing services to a variety of companies and associations.
Started in 1920 by a former AP economics reporter, Kiplinger Washington Editors, Inc., is a closely held company managed for more than eight decades by three generations of the Kiplinger family—founder W. M. Kiplinger (1891-1967), who served as editor in chief of all publications; his son Austin H. Kiplinger (b. 1918), today editor emeritus and non-executive board chair; and Austin's sons Todd L. Kiplinger (1945-2008), vice chair and vice president for investments, and Knight A. Kiplinger (b. 1948), editor in chief and president.
In 2001 Kiplinger received one of the three American Business Ethics Awards given nationally that year by the Society of Financial Service Professionals. In 2007 and 2008 it was named "one of America's most ethical companies” by "Ethisphere" magazine. Judges in both competitions cited Kiplinger's long tradition of progressive employee relations, profit sharing, and business practices. In 2010, the Society of American Business Editors and Writers (SABEW) named "Kiplinger’s Personal Finance" the winner of its 2009 General Excellence Award for giant magazines (circulation of 500,000 and higher).
Unusual among modern media companies, the Kiplinger organization is run by its editorial leadership—senior executives whose careers are rooted in journalism, rather than the business side of publishing (such as advertising and circulation sales). Like the founder, both Austin and Knight Kiplinger had extensive experience in daily journalism (newspapers and broadcast news, respectively) before joining the Kiplinger organization, and they have continued to report, write and edit.
Unlike most other publishers, Kiplinger answers the queries of its readers as a regular feature of their subscriptions, filling requests for additional information on any subject its publications covers, by phone, mail or email.
Like most large-circulation magazine publishers, Kiplinger has been experiencing a shift of advertiser support from its printed publications to its Web site, which has grown significantly in traffic and ad impressions in recent years. Kiplinger.com was honored in 2007 and '08 as a finalist or winner in several competitions ("MIN" 's Best of the Web, EPpy and Webby Awards) for content and design.
Business publications.
The Kiplinger Letter
With a paid circulation, in print and on line combined, of 135,000 (June 2010), "The Kiplinger Letter" is considered the most widely read business forecasting periodical in the world (annual subscription price: $117).
Its subscribers include people in the management of for-profit and non-profit enterprises, both large and small---businesses, government agencies, universities and schools, trade associations, unions, etc. In four pages of text each week, the Letter tries to alert its clients to what is likely to happen in business and the economy, legislation and regulation in Washington and the state, demographics, technology, world affairs, politics and investing. The Letter is nonpartisan and does not advocate for or against any particular outcome or point of view.
Launched in 1923, "The Kiplinger Letter" pioneered a terse, colloquial writing style in which the key points of each topic are underscored for easy scanning. In a technique W. M. Kiplinger devised and dubbed "sweep-line," each line of copy—the full width of the page—ends in hard punctuation (a period or comma) at the right margin, not breaking awkwardly to wrap around to the next line.
While not the first widely read newsletter of modern times (a distinction that belongs to the now-defunct "Whaley-Eaton American Letter", begun in 1918), "The Kiplinger Letter" is credited by historians of journalism with creating the highly condensed, telegraphic style that was widely imitated during the newsletter publishing boom of the 20th century, which saw the creation of several thousand newsletters on specialized subjects.
"The Kiplinger Letter" rose to prominence, and experienced strong circulation growth, during the Great Depression, when W. M. Kiplinger and his staff had very good contacts within FDR’s "brain trust", enabling the Letter to give its readers very accurate early warning of key programs in the New Deal that would transform the American economy.
None of the various Kiplinger letters quotes or cites its sources, both to save space and to encourage sources to speak candidly without the risk of being identified in print. However, in longer versions of similar stories written for Kiplinger.com, sources may be identified and quoted, if they wish.
Like all business forecasters, "The Kiplinger Letter" has a mixed record of hits and misses over eight decades. Its longevity as a widely read publication—and its high annual renewal rate (85+% after three years)--suggest a strong track record of accuracy. Longtime readers in management apparently find it to be useful in their business planning and generally on-target with key trends—business cycles, interest rates and inflation, government policies, commodity prices, etc.
The Letter tends to be skeptical of euphoric investment booms, such as the dot.com and high-tech surge that sent the stock market to record highs in the late '90s, before a brutal plunge into bear market territory. On March 10, 2000—just a few days after the Nasdaq set a new record above 5,000—the Letter declared, "Today's market in tech stocks is a dangerous speculative bubble, as foolish as any in history." It urged taking some gains and rebalancing into blue chip stocks.
Conversely, the Letter has often rebutted the deep public pessimism that is prevalent during recessions and bear markets, urging business managers and investors to place their bets on the likelihood of a strong recovery. Such advice—offered during U.S. recessions in 1982, 1991 and 2002—was later validated by robust economic growth and rising equity markets.
While not primarily a political analysis newsletter, "The Kiplinger Letter" has correctly predicted the outcome of every presidential election since 1924—including exceptionally close races in 1960, 1976 and 2000—with the notable exception of the 1948 contest between incumbent Harry S Truman and GOP challenger Thomas Dewey. 
Kiplinger said Dewey would win easily and get reelected in 1952. The "Kiplinger Magazine" created a special issue—mailed to subscribers before election day—titled "What Dewey Will Do." The fact that Kiplinger had plenty of company in its faulty prediction was no consolation to editor in chief W. M. Kiplinger, who apologized to his subscribers and criticized himself for failing to keep on reporting right down to the wire.
Kiplinger Business Resource Center
The Business Resource Center is the forecasting and management channel of Kiplinger.com. It contains long-form versions of forecasts from The Kiplinger Letter and other Kiplinger business periodicals, summaries of current economic forecasts, a political blog ("Politics '08"), and articles from other sources (such as think tanks, law firms and trade associations) that Kiplinger staff selects, vet, edits and presents as worthy contributions to policy debates, under the heading "Kiplinger Recommends".
The Kiplinger Tax Letter
With 89,000 biweekly subscribers ($147 a year) The Tax Letter is the most widely read tax advisory newsletter, with readers at law and accounting firms, corporate CFO and general counsel offices, and the homes of high-net-worth individuals. In four pages each issue, covering both business and personal taxation, the Letter tries to advise its readers on coming changes in tax law and regulations, recent rulings and interpretations by the IRS, Tax Court and states, and strategies for minimizing taxes. It was launched in 1925.
The Kiplinger Agriculture Letter
The "Ag Letter" ($137 a year) serves farm producers, equipment and seed manufacturers, rural bankers and suppliers, food processors and others interested in American agriculture. The Letter covers trends in production, prices, world trade, marketing, technology, and energy. It was started in 1929.
Kiplinger Audio Conferences
These dial-in, real-time telephone seminars explore subjects of broad interest to people in management—the economic outlook, human resources (hiring and motivating workers, controlling health care costs, etc.), tapping global markets, emergency preparedness (avian flu), etc. They are typically conducted by leading experts in each field, and are available from Kiplinger on audio CDs after the conference. Prices vary by conference.
Personal finance content.
"Kiplinger's Personal Finance" magazine 
The monthly "Kiplinger's Personal Finance" magazine advises its readers on managing their money, covering investing, retirement planning, taxes, insurance, real estate, buying and leasing a car, health care, travel and financing college. It has a paid average monthly circulation in 2010 of 700,000 copies per month (verified by the Audit Bureau of Circulation), sold mostly by subscription ($23.95 a year) but also on newsstands ($3.99 per copy).
Founded in 1947 as "Kiplinger Magazine" (subtitled "The Changing Times"), it was the first magazine to offer money management advice to the American people. "Kiplinger Magazine" changed its name to "Changing Times" (subtitled: "The Kiplinger Magazine") in 1949, and it was known by that name until 1991, when it renamed itself "Kiplinger's Personal Finance" magazine. For 33 years after its founding, it existed entirely on subscription and single-copy revenue, but in 1980 it began carrying advertising within its pages.
The second magazine of personal finance, "Money" from Time, Inc., was started in 1973. "Sylvia Porter's Personal Finance", now defunct, was launched in the 1980s. (Kiplinger later bought its subscription file, as it did that of "Individual Investor" magazine, when that magazine folded in 2001.) The 1990s saw a proliferation of new personal finance periodicals, including "SmartMoney" (from Dow Jones and Hearst), and such now-defunct magazines as "Your Money", "Family Money", and "Bloomberg's Personal Finance". "Worth" magazine started out as a personal finance publication but later repositioned itself as a lifestyle guide for the very rich. Following a shake-out after the recession of the '00s, the personal-finance magazine category is down to three--"Money", "Kiplinger's" and "SmartMoney".
Editorially, "Kiplinger's" magazine has championed over the decades a number of personal finance strategies and investment products that later became popular "conventional wisdom": the superiority of systematic investing (dollar cost averaging) over market timing; growth stocks that paid little or no dividends but invested in new technologies; mutual funds, especially no-load funds; stock index funds; term life insurance, rather than whole-life; and global investing.
Kiplinger.com
Kiplinger's Web site, launched in 1996, is the home of both its personal finance and business forecasting content, including current coverage and archived material. It features an array of money management tools, calculators, forums and columns. Popular channels include The Basics, Starting Out (for young adults), Investing, and Retirement. Single-subject centers cover taxes, mutual funds, college finance, auto buying and ownership, small business, and travel, among other topics.
"Kiplinger's Retirement Report"
This 80,000 circulation monthly periodical ($60 a year), begun in 1993, covers all the key concerns of affluent older Americans—investing, estate planning, health, long-term care, leisure and travel, housing.
Special issues and products
Kiplinger publishes an array of single-topic newsstand issues and special products, including a mutual fund annual, "Mutual Funds 2008"; "Success with Your Money", the "Retirement Planning Guide", and the Family Records Organizer. It also produces DVD guides to such subjects as long-term care insurance, college financing and annuities. In partnership with The History Channel, Kiplinger produced a series of brief features, "Money Milestones," highlighting important innovations in financial services. For nearly two decades, Kiplinger tax advice was included in the best-selling income-tax-preparation software sold in America.
Kiplinger also offers personal finance and investing advice in a series of a dozen books, including "Practical Guide to Your Money", "Buying and Selling a Home", "Guide to Investing Success", "Money Smart Women", "Raising Money Smart Kids", "Financing College" and "Retire Worry-Free"; all are published by Kaplan Publishing.
The Custom Publishing Division creates house-branded newsletters and pamphlets for a variety of enterprises, including banks, associations, and military organizations.
Corporate traditions.
Kiplinger’s founder, W. M. Kiplinger, believed that the fruits of a company’s success should be shared with all its employees, so he established a system of profit sharing in the earliest years of the business. Among the unusual employees benefits at Kiplinger are a vacation resort in Florida and double matching of employees’ contributions to schools and colleges. There are no special benefits for management that are not also available to all employees. In a time of widening disparity between executive compensation and general employee pay, Kiplinger executives are paid a relatively low multiple of the company's average employee compensation.
Kiplinger also believes that the pain of difficult times should be broadly shared by all of the company’s stakeholders, starting first with owners and senior management (by trimming or eliminating dividends and executive bonuses), before resorting to pay freezes or layoffs of rank-and-file employees. This shared sacrifice contributes to a collegial atmosphere and employee loyalty.
Marketing techniques.
Besides its journalistic innovations—pioneering the newsletter format and personal finance coverage—Kiplinger was an early adopter of a variety of new methods for selling subscriptions.
In the 1920s, Paul Babson, a Boston business publisher who invested in W. M. Kiplinger’s new company, encouraged Kiplinger to broadly mail its "Kiplinger Letter" subscription solicitations to national lists containing thousands of business managers and owners. Kiplinger perfected these direct-mail techniques throughout the ‘20s and ‘30s, eventually building its circulations through multi-million-piece mail campaigns in subsequent decades. 
Kiplinger is thought to be the first publisher to sell subscriptions through the new medium of television. When NBC launched "The Today Show" in 1952, the network had difficulty convincing advertisers that Americans would be willing to watch TV from 7 to 9 a.m. NBC was unable to land even one advertiser until Kiplinger bought commercials for its magazine (then titled "Changing Times") and drew a very strong viewer response for its sample-issue offer, even before the era of toll-free phoning. NBC used Kiplinger’s success to prove that America was watching the new program, and other advertisers quickly signed on. In the 1950s and ‘60s, Kiplinger also bought 15-minute chunks of local radio time for commercials that combined its personal finance advice with a sales pitch--an early version of an "infomercial."
When Ted Turner launched his 24-hour-a-day Cable News Network in 1980, national advertisers were skeptical that many viewers would want to watch national and world news at all hours of the day and night. But Kiplinger took a chance on the new network, and it was one of CNN's heaviest advertisers that first year, using commercials of unusual length (two minutes or one minute) to sell thousands of subscriptions to "The Kiplinger Letter". Later in the decade, Kiplinger was a charter advertiser on another TV program that blazed new ground—Charles Kuralt’s Sunday morning feature program on CBS, a pioneering and successful experiment in a broadcasting time slot then devoted entirely to religious programming.
During the 1980s, cable television and late-night broadcast TV became highly effective media for subscriptions sales of magazines and newsletters from many publishers (Time, Inc., Forbes, Dow Jones and others). But as commercial air time soared in the 1990s, low-priced products like periodicals were priced out of that market, and publication offers, including Kiplinger's, disappeared from the airwaves and cable.
Another new source of magazine subscription sales in the 1980s was the sweepstakes offer from “stamp sheet” sales agents like Publishers Clearing House and American Family Publishers. Kiplinger, like other publishers, sold hundreds of thousands of subscriptions to its magazines and newsletters through these agents. Eventually, however, the sweepstakes programs were criticized as deceptive by several state attorneys general, and they soon faded as a major subscription source for publishers.
By the 2000s, all publishers, including Kiplinger, were once again relying largely on their own direct-mail selling, while beginning to experiment with direct-response banner ads on Web sites, sponsored-link ads on Google search, etc. In addition, Kiplinger sells subscriptions and content packages to corporations and associations through enterprise-wide electronic site licenses.
Meanwhile, the proliferation of free content on Web sites (including those of print publishers) has made it difficult for publishers to maintain their pre-Internet circulation levels, even at deeply discounted prices. So many large-circulation magazines, including "Kiplinger’s Personal Finance", reduced their circulations to trim subscription marketing expense, while simultaneously devoting more capital to building their "new media" products—Web sites, podcasts, DVDs, custom publishing, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2872970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872970" title="Robert C. Morlino">
Robert C. Morlino

Robert Charles Morlino (born December 31, 1946) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the fourth and current Bishop of Madison, having previously served as Bishop of Helena.
Early life and education.
An only child, Robert Morlino was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, to Charles and Albertina Morlino. He is of part Polish descent. His father died while he was attending Scranton Preparatory School, and he was primarily raised by his mother and grandmother. He then studied at the seminary for the Maryland Province of the Society of Jesus, and at Fordham University in New York, from where Morlino obtained his Bachelor's degree in Philosophy in 1969.
He earned a Master's in Philosophy from the University of Notre Dame in 1970, and a Master's in Theology from Weston School of Theology in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Priesthood.
Morlino was ordained to the priesthood on June 1, 1974, and then taught at Loyola College in Maryland, St. Joseph's University, Boston College, Notre Dame University, and St. Mary's College. He also served as an instructor in continuing education for priests, religious, and laity, as well as director of parish renewal programs. His mother died in 1980.
On October 26, 1983, he was incardinated into the Diocese of Kalamazoo, Michigan. Morlino there served as Episcopal Vicar for Spiritual Development, Executive Assistant and Theological Consultant to Bishop Alfred Markiewicz, Moderator of the Curia, and Promoter of Justice in the diocesan tribunal.
In 1990, he earned a doctorate in moral theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, and became a theology professor at Sacred Heart Major Seminary in Detroit, where he expected to spend his life prior to his promotion to a bishop. He was also named rector of St. Augustine Cathedral in 1991.
Episcopal career.
Bishop of Helena.
On July 6, 1999, Morlino was appointed the ninth Bishop of Helena, Montana, by Pope John Paul II. He received his episcopal consecration on the following September 21 from Archbishop Gabriel Montalvo Higuera, with Archbishop John Vlazny and Bishop Paul Donovan serving as co-consecrators. He selected as his episcopal motto: "Visus Non Mentietur", meaning, "The Vision Will Not Disappoint" ().
Bishop of Madison.
Morlino was later named the fourth Bishop of Madison, Wisconsin, on May 23, 2003. He was formally installed on August 1 of that year.
In 2004 he publicly expressed a traditional conservative religious criticism of the city's apparent lack of a moral compass, claiming that it existed below a religious "moral minimum" and that the city had "virtually no public morality." He specifically cited the popularity of the city's acclaimed StageQ community theater company, a gay and lesbian theater troupe, as evidence of this view.
One of the larger challenges for Morlino and the Diocese was the loss of the Cathedral parish when a fire severely damaged St. Raphael's Cathedral in March 2005. Morlino then had to determine whether to rebuild the Cathedral on its current site, or build a new Cathedral elsewhere in Madison. In June 2007 Morlino announced that St. Raphael's would be rebuilt on its current site, reusing the steeple and other items from the previous building.
He is the past chairman of the Bishops' Committee on the Diaconate and Ad Hoc Committee on Health Care Issues and the Church, both within the structure of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops.
In May 2009, Morlino made a sudden announcement that the Catholic Multicultural Center - a building that fed, educated and supported many on Madison's south side - would close in two days as part of widespread Diocesan budget cuts.[http://www.madison.com/wsj/topstories/452888] The reopening of the Center under direct parish administration was announced one week later.
Views.
Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation.
Morlino currently serves as the chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Catholic Bioethics Center, and as chairman of the Board of Visitors of the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation, formerly known as the School of the Americas (SOA). Morlino has denied any wrongdoing by this military school that for decades has trained military officers from Latin America. Former students from this school have been found guilty of thousands of political killings, including the assassination of the Servant of God, Archbishop Oscar Romero and of six Jesuit priests, their housekeeper and her daughter in El Salvador. Morlino told the "Wisconsin State Journal" (11/4/2007), "I know for a fact there is no evidence to connect what the school teaches with any kind of atrocity".
Pro-choice politicians.
During the 2008 presidential election, Morlino criticized House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Joe Biden for their remarks regarding abortion on "Meet the Press". Rebuking the two pro-choice politicians "because they claim to be Catholic," the Bishop accused Pelosi and Biden of "violating the separation of church and state" and "stepping on the pope's turf and mine."
Ruth Kolpack controversy.
In March 2009, Morlino dismissed Ruth Kolpack from her post as a pastoral associate at St. Thomas the Apostle Church in Beloit, for alleged breaches of orthodoxy. In a brief meeting with Kolpack, the Bishop asked her for an oath of loyalty and to denounce her 2003 thesis, which advocated women's rights to ordination in the Church and inclusive language when relating to God. He dismissed her after she agreed to the oath but refused to denounce her thesis.
Rights of Workers.
When the Wisconsin Legislature was considering a budget proposal which would curtail the prerogatives of public unions (later enacted), the bishop explained the neutral stance on the matter taken by the Wisconsin Catholic Conference, writing "The question to which the dilemma boils down is rather simple on its face: is the sacrifice which union members, including school teachers, are called upon to make, proportionate to the relative sacrifice called for from all in difficult economic times? In other words, is the sacrifice fair in the overall context of our present situation?" 
Paul Ryan controversy.
In the face of complaints that Paul Ryan, a Catholic U.S. Congressman who resides in the diocese of Madison under Morlino's care, was going against Catholic social teaching by supposedly cutting funding for programs for the poor. Morlino defended him by saying that he is a Catholic in good standing, and these issues are issues on which faithful Catholics may discuss and disagree.

</doc>
<doc id="2872979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2872979" title="Japan National Route 4">
Japan National Route 4

From Saitama Prefecture to Iwate Prefecture, it parallels the Tōhoku Expressway; from Morioka to Hachinohe, it parallels the Hachinohe Expressway. At its northern end point, it links with Route 7.
History.
4 December 1952: First Class National Highway 4 (from Tokyo to Aomori)<br>
1 April 1965: General National Highway 4 (from Tokyo to Aomori)

</doc>
<doc id="2873000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873000" title="Collinwood school fire">
Collinwood school fire

The Collinwood school fire (also known as the Lake View School fire) of Ash Wednesday, March 4, 1908, was one of the deadliest disasters of its type in the United States. The conflagration in Collinwood, Ohio, a community that has since been absorbed into the city of Cleveland, resulted in the deaths of 172 students, two teachers and a rescuer.
Fire.
While the Lake View School was built with load-bearing masonry outer walls, much of the four story building's floor structure system used wooden joists. It was one wooden joist that caught fire when it was overheated by a steam pipe. The building’s main staircase extended from the front doors of the building, up to the third floor, and had no fire doors. The stairwell acted like a chimney, helping to spread the fire quickly. Oiled wooden hall and classroom floors also fueled the fire.
Flames quickly blocked escape routes, leaving many students pressed against doors that were locked or opened inward although later observations showed that the doors did indeed open outward and were open. The flammable construction gave only minutes for evacuation. Though one fire escape was accessible at the rear of the building, not all the children found their way to the exit. Doors to the building were equipped with common door knob latches, not the more modern crash bar type latch. As panic leading to the crush of a large number of students in stairwell vestibules contributed to the death toll, students also died as a result of smoke inhalation and the fire itself. Some children died jumping from second- and third-story windows. Community members watched as victims trapped in the building were burned beyond recognition.
Aftermath.
Those killed in the fire who could not be individually identified, as well as those students whose parents could not afford a burial, were buried in a mass grave in Cleveland's Lake View Cemetery. Additionally, several families who lost their children in the fire chose to bury their children's remains adjacent to the Collinwood victims.
Following the fire, the remains of the Lake View School were demolished and a memorial garden planned for the site. A new school—Collinwood Memorial Elementary School—was built adjacent to the disaster site, and incorporated many features that had been lacking in the previous building. Unlike the building involved in the disaster, the new school incorporated fire-safe stairwells and a central alarm system, and was built of steel framing and other fire-safe materials. Collinwood Memorial Elementary was closed in the 1970s and sat vacant until it was razed in 2004. A third school, simply called Memorial Elementary, was opened in 2005 on the same site with the original memorial to the victims preserved.
In the aftermath of the catastrophic Iroquois Theatre Fire in Chicago, 1903, a national drive was instigated to upgrade safe egress from buildings. Official regulations required that doors now open from the inside and swing outward, thereby facilitating public exit. The installation of what were called "panic bar" latches was mandated for doors in schools. The final casualty of the fire was the independence of the Collinwood community itself. Unable to sufficiently guarantee fire safety resources for its residents, voters approved an annexation of Collinwood into Cleveland within two years of the fire.

</doc>
<doc id="2873001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873001" title="Waddington Mwayenga">
Waddington Mwayenga

Waddington Mwayenga (born June 20, 1984 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is primarily a medium pace bowler and plays his county cricket for Worcestershire 2nd XI. Waddington spent last summer playing at Nottinghamshire club, Radcliffe-On-Trent, and has moved on to Australia for the winter before being expected to return to England for next summer
His Test debut came in the second Test against India in 2005/06.

</doc>
<doc id="2873011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873011" title="One (Neal Morse album)">
One (Neal Morse album)

One is a Christian progressive rock concept album by multi-instrumentalist Neal Morse. Released in 2004, this was released as both a single-CD album and a special edition double-CD with deleted tracks and cover songs.
The band is Neal, Mike Portnoy (ex-Dream Theater), and Randy George (Ajalon) with guest Phil Keaggy.
Bonus CD (special edition).
Restored tracklist.
Three tracks on the bonus CD were cut from the album and another bonus track was recorded but not part of the original sequence. This is the tracklist with those three tracks put into their location in the story.

</doc>
<doc id="2873012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873012" title="Pe (text editor)">
Pe (text editor)

Pe, short for Programmer’s Editor, is an open source text editor for the Be Operating System (BeOS), Haiku and other BeOS-like operating systems. It is targeted towards source-code editing, and features syntax highlighting for a large number of programming languages. It also works as a basic source-level HTML editor, with some HTML autocompletion support, automatic updating of files included within other files, and direct FTP integration. It is conceptually based on the Macintosh Programmer's Workshop and BBEdit, both of which are editing programs for the Mac OS.
Pe was written by the Dutch programmer Maarten Hekkelman, who also wrote bdb, the source-level debugger for the BeOS, and the spreadsheet Sum-It!, first for classic Mac OS and later BeOS where it was packaged by Beatware as half of BeBasics; a lightweight office suite, which was also open-sourced.
Pe was used to write the BeOS Bible and possible other similar-era Scot Hacker works, as well as In the Beginning... Was the Command Line by Neal Stephenson; both of which works mention it.
Features.
Pe boasts features such as function autocompletion, powerful search-and-replace options, and syntax highlighting for several programming languages. Pe was ported to Mac OS X, Linux and Windows under the name Pepper (text editor), and the original BeOS code was open-sourced. It has been included in early builds of Haiku.
General features include:

</doc>
<doc id="2873017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873017" title="Plaza del Sol">
Plaza del Sol

Plaza del Sol is one of the largest shopping malls in the urban area of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, located in the municipality of Zapopan. Built at the end of the sixties by the architect Alejandro Zohn, it was the first mall in Latin America. It is the largest outdoor mall in the city, located next to the Plaza Milenium and future Torrena.
It is located a few blocks away from the Expo Guadalajara and the Guadalajara World Trade Center on one of the highest commercial areas of the city and rivals in importance with La Gran Plaza, Plaza Pabellón, Centro Magno and Galerías Guadalajara. Its tag line: "Plaza del Sol: todo" ("Plaza del Sol: everything") is one of the most prominent branding mechanisms in Guadalajara today.

</doc>
<doc id="2873020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873020" title="Frog City Software">
Frog City Software

Frog City Software was a video game developer which focused on strategy games, opened in 1995. Frog City Software was a subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive until they closed it in 2006.
The company was founded by the brothers Bill Spieth and Ted Spieth and by Rachel Bernstein.
In 2004 Frog City was bought by Gathering, which was itself bought by Take 2 Interactive in 2005. 
Frog City was shut down in 2006; it was the fourth game development studio to be shut down by Take-Two Interactive during that year. In April of that year, veterans of Frog City including the founders Ted Spieth, Bill Spieth and Rachel Bernstein started a new game development studio called Sidecar Studios. In 2007 Sidecar Studios was closed.
In 2007 Bernstein joined Electronic Arts as a Senior Producer.

</doc>
<doc id="2873031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873031" title="World Series (disambiguation)">
World Series (disambiguation)

The World Series is the championship series of Major League Baseball. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2873035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873035" title="Romanian nouns">
Romanian nouns

This article on Romanian nouns is related to Romanian grammar and belongs to a series of articles on the Romanian language. It describes the morphology of the noun in this language, and includes details about its declension according to number, case, and application of the definite article, all of which depend on specific gender and plural formation rules.
Gender.
An intrinsic property of Romanian nouns, as in all Romance languages, is their gender. However, while most Romance languages have only two genders, masculine and feminine, Romanian has also a so-called neuter. In Latin, the neuter is a separate gender, requiring all determiners to have three distinct forms, such as the adjective "bona", "bonus", "bonum" (meaning "good"). Comparatively, Romanian neuter is a "combination" of the other two genders. More specifically, in Romanian, neuter nouns behave in the singular as masculine nouns and in the plural as feminine nouns. As such, all noun determiners and all pronouns only have two possible gender-specific forms instead of three. From this perspective, it's possible to say that in Romanian there are really just two genders, masculine and feminine, and the category labeled as neuter contains nouns whose gender switches with the number.
Depending on gender, otherwise similar nouns will inflect differently. For example, the nouns "câine" ("dog", compare Latin "canis") and "pâine" ("bread", compare Latin "panis") have phonetically identical endings in the main form (nominative singular), but the former is a masculine noun, while the latter is feminine. For this reason, when inflected they behave in very different manners:
Also, the gender of a noun determines the morphology of most determiners, such as articles, adjectives, demonstratives, numerals. The two nouns taken as examples above will give:
While in many cases assigning the correct gender may be facilitated by the noun ending or meaning, the distinction is usually difficult for those learning Romanian as a second language. For natives, the "one-two" test is practically infallible: Saying "un câine - doi câini" makes it clear, by the form of the determining numerals, that "câine" is masculine. When the numerals take the forms "o ... - două ..." the noun in question is feminine, and finally the forms "un ... - două ..." are indicative of a neuter noun.
Gender assignment: phonetic.
The following phonetic rules can be used, to some degree, to infer the grammatical gender for nouns when these are in their nominative singular form, and without any determiner that could help in recognizing the gender.
These rules can be further refined when the noun is recognized as being derived from other words by use of specific endings, as follows:
Gender assignment: semantic.
Rules other than phonetic can be used when the meaning of the noun is known or at least its semantic group is recognized. In this category obvious examples are proper names of people, or nouns designating nationality, profession, etc. Nouns referring to animals and birds are always specific to their biological gender, and often occur in pairs the same way as we have "cow" and "bull" in English. Less obvious situations are described below.
Number.
Like all Indo-European languages, Romanian differentiates morphologically the singular and the plural number of nouns. Within the Romance languages, regarding the plural formation, Romanian falls in the group East from the La Spezia–Rimini Line together with Italian. As such, the plural is formed by the addition or change of the final vowel of the singular noun, very often accompanied by other vocalic and/or consonantic shifts in the noun stem, consonant deletion, and/or the interposition of other phonemes. Occasionally, the plural noun has the same form as the singular. A few nouns are defective by missing either the singular or the plural. Finally, some nouns can form the plural in several ways, depending on the meaning. To illustrate, here are just a few examples:
Most Romanian plural nouns, in their nominative non-articulated forms, end in "i" with another large category ending in "e". Only some recent borrowings make up the very few exceptions to this rule, which seems to be a very stable feature of the language. Among the old Romanian nouns the only exception is "ou" ("egg"), which makes the plural "ouă" .
Morphologically, the plural is built by using one of the following four endings: -i, -uri, -e, and -(e)le. Of these, the last one used to have few representatives, such as "stea" - "stele" ("star") and "nuia" - "nuiele" ("wicker"). Subsequent borrowings enlarged this group, in particular a series of nouns from Turkish ending in stressed "a" which were assigned to the feminine gender (although Turkish nouns do not have gender).
Plural formation.
Like the gender, the plural formation is an intrinsic property of the noun, and is acquired by native speakers one by one together with the respective noun. The tables below show the plural formation modes for nouns according to their gender, in the non-articulated nominative/accusative case. The asterisk (*) indicates irregular plural formation, requiring the insertion of consonants belonging neither to the stem nor to the plural ending, the deletion of stem consonants, or some unusual vocalic shifts.
Pronunciation of plural endings.
In writing, all masculine nouns and part of the feminine and neuter nouns end in letter "i" in the plural. However, this letter can correspond phonetically to either vowel , semivowel , or non-syllabic (see Romanian phonology). The exact pronunciation depends on the preceding phonemes:
The plural ending "e" is always a vowel and does not represent a pronunciation problem.
Despite many plural endings changing the number of syllables in the nouns, the word stress does not generally shift. The only exceptions are a few irregular nouns such as: "soră" - "surori" and ("sister"), "noră" - "nurori" ("daughter-in-law").
Case.
Syntactically, Romanian nouns can be in any of five grammatical cases:
The short definitions above are only an approximate indication of the actual usage. Here are some examples with the noun "băiat" ("boy") in the various cases:
Morphologically, the five cases are expressed by giving the nouns three different forms. The nominative and the accusative share the same form, the distinction being made from the context, word order, or by the use of particular prepositions. Similarly, the genitive and the dative share the same form, distinguished syntactically or by the presence of possession articles when the nouns are in the genitive case. The vocative is less used than the other four, because it is limited to people, animals, or other things that can be addressed.
Comparatively, other Romance languages, although maintaining a syntactic distinction between cases, have reduced them to a single form and replaced morphological variation with the use of specific prepositions. Latin used to have up to seven cases, the Romanian five plus the ablative and the locative.
The case mark is always applied to the article, definite or indefinite, that determines the noun, and sometimes also to the noun itself. The indefinite article, like its English counterpart, is placed before the noun as a separate word, and has in Romanian different forms for the nominative/accusative and for the genitive/dative (the vocative cannot be determined by an indefinite article). On the other hand, the Romanian definite article is always appended as an ending (see enclitic). As the plural mark and the case mark are attached also at the end of the word, the declension becomes a complex process of combining all three endings: The definite article has special forms for the various cases and numbers, and is placed "after" the plural mark with possible phonetic changes to make the word easily pronounceable.
The table below gives the complete paradigm of the masculine noun "bou" ("ox").
Declension with the indefinite article.
The general rule for the declension of nouns when they are accompanied by the indefinite article is that the article changes form and the noun keeps its main (nominative) form at all cases. The only exception is the singular of feminine nouns in the genitive/dative forms: Interestingly, they use their respective plural nominative forms in addition to inflecting the indefinite article. The tables below give a few examples. Three nouns from each gender were chosen as representatives:
Declension with the definite article.
In the singular, in the nominative/accusative case, the definite article is -(u)l or -le for masculine and neuter nouns and (u)a for feminine nouns. When these forms are changed for the genitive/dative case, the definite article becomes -lui for masculine and neuter nouns and -i for feminine. To obtain these forms, the definite article for masculine and neuter simply affix the ending -ui after consonant l (after removing vowel e where it exists). In the case of feminine nouns, the genitive/dative is derived not from the singular but from the "plural" non-articulated forms, by adding a semivocalic -i at the end.
In the plural, in the nominative/accusative case, the definite article is -ii for masculine nouns, and -le for neuter and feminine nouns. To put these forms into genitive/dative the masculine definite article is changed into -ilor, and the neuter and feminine definite article is changed into -lor.
Nouns with definite article can also be in the vocative case. In the singular, nouns are either left in their nominative/accusative forms, or given the endings specific to gender: -le for masculine and neuter nouns, and -o for feminine nouns.
The tables below show examples using the same nouns as previously.
For the vocative, the square brackets are used where the respective forms can be imagined, but are not normally used. Additionally, some nouns can have two versions of vocative which can express slightly different attitudes toward the person (animal, thing, etc.) that is being addressed. For example, "iubit" ("lover") has two vocative forms: "iubite" and "iubitule". The first sounds more direct and might be found in poems and song lyrics ("Oh, my darling!"), while the second sounds more natural in everyday life ("Honey!").
The genitive/dative forms require a special mention in the case of proper nouns representing people's names. For men's names, the inflection is replaced by placing the article lui "before" the noun, as a separate word.
The same construction is sometimes applied to women's names, but the practice is considered by prescriptive grammar as incorrect, with the exception of feminine proper nouns that have a masculine-like ending:
For proper nouns other than those referring to people, the genitive is constructed by inflection, like the common nouns.
Case usage.
The following subsections describe the usage of each case.
Nominative.
Nominative is the case of the subject and of the predicate nominal. Here are some examples:
Genitive.
Genitive usually indicates "possession" or "belonging", but is also used to show "origin" and others kinds of relationship. Additionally, while most prepositions require the noun they determine to take the accusative, there are some exceptions in which the genitive (or the dative) is required.
The genitive is most often used in the pattern "noun for possessed + noun for possessor", with the noun denoting the possessor in the genitive case, like for example "balonul copilului" means "child's balloon" (lit. "the balloon of the child"). In such a construction, if the possessed ("balonul", "the balloon") has the definite article attached to it—the most usual situation—and the possessor ("copilului", "of the child") comes immediately after, no other words are necessary to express the genitival relationship.
In any other construction involving the genitive, a possessive article must be used, corresponding roughly to the English ""of the"". This can happen (1) when the possessed has the indefinite article, (2) when other words intervene between the two parts, or (3) when the possessed and possessor switch order in the sentence. The possessive article must agree in number and gender with the possessed, and has the forms below.
Prepositions requiring the genitive.
Some prepositions and preposition compounds require the noun they determine to be in the genitive case. Examples:
Nouns in the genitive can occur in series, as in "culoarea jucăriei copilului prietenului meu" ("my friend's child's toy's color"), but as in English more than three successive nouns become difficult to understand and are considered bad use of the language.
Dative.
The dative is used for the indirect object, that is, the noun representing the person/object that "receives" the action indicated by the verb. The dative is required by a particular series of verbs, many of which express the general idea of "giving", hence the name. Examples:
Clitic doubling.
As in the examples above, the dative noun in such constructions is almost always "doubled" by a personal pronoun, itself in the dative case, which is placed near the verb no matter where the noun is in the sentence. Although not including this logically redundant pronoun does not affect the meaning and still produces grammatically correct sentences, native speakers seldom fail to include it. Depending on the verb mood, tense, and initial phoneme, the doubling personal pronoun will change in several regards: (1) which form, stressed or unstressed, of the pronoun is used, (2) the position relative to the verb or verb parts, and (3) whether it is a true clitic attached phonetically to the verb or it is a separate word.
The table below shows these patterns on two verb examples—one starting with a consonant and the other with a vowel—, "a da" ("to give") and "a arăta" ("to show"). For personal moods only the first person in the singular is shown, as the other forms behave identically. In each table cell, the upper example is for the singular of the personal pronoun, and the lower one for the plural. In all situations the pronoun has the same form for all genders and only changes with number.
As the examples show, when the verb is simple (not compound), the doubling pronoun is placed before the verb and has its stressed form. Exception to this rule make the imperative and the gerund, which require the unstressed form bound at the end of the verb. Also, the past participle and the supine do not require the clitic doubling at all. When the verb is compound and includes the conjunction "să" (approximately equivalent to English "to") or the infinitive preposition "a", the doubling pronoun is placed immediately after "să" / "a" and takes the unstressed form in the singular ("să-i" and "a-i") and the stressed form in the plural ("să le" and "a le"). In all remaining situations the pronoun is placed before the first element of the compound verb and takes the unstressed form, as in "i-am dat" and "le-am dat".
When the verb starts with a vowel and the doubling pronoun comes right before it the use of the stressed or unstressed is optional. In such cases the shorter (clitic) version one is more frequent in speech and informal writing.
The gerund deserves a special mention, as not only is the doubling pronoun placed "after" the verb, but the verb itself receives an epenthetic "u". This "u" can be alikened to the vowels that take this position in the Latin gerund, and has become the Italian "o" as in ""sto facendo"" ("I am doing").
When the stressed doubling pronoun "îi" is placed before the verb (all parts of the verb, if compound), it can turn into its unstressed form if it binds through elision to the word before it, as in "nu-i dau" ("I don't give him"), "că-i dau" ("that I give him"), "și-i dau" ("and I give him").
The imperative mood builds its affirmative and negative forms on different patterns, so that the position of the doubling pronoun is different. Compare "dă-i" → "nu-i da", "dă-le" → "nu le da".
In poetry, archaic or regional speech, or invectives, the order of the compound verb elements can switch, and with them the position of the doubling pronoun will change. Compare: "i-am dat" → "datu-i-am", "le-am dat" → "datu-le-am", "le-aș da" → "da-le-aș". Note also the use of the epenthetic "u" again where otherwise a consonant would come just before the pronoun.
Things are further complicated if another pronoun is present which claims a position near the verb, such as the pronoun that replaces or doubles the direct object. Here are some examples of how such situations are handled.
Depending on the gender of the direct object, the pronoun position can be different in certain cases:
If two pronouns having identical forms meet, the pronoun doubling the indirect object drops, as it is optional:
Words requiring the dative.
Although most prepositions require the noun they determine to be in the accusative case, a few must be followed by a noun in the dative. Similarly, the dative is required by some adjectives, many of which conveying the general idea of being (or not) beneficial, or having derived from verbs that themselves require the dative. A few adverbs showing comparison fall into the same category. Examples:
Depending on the sentence syntax, the adverbs above can also work as adjectives, nevertheless requiring the dative.
Accusative.
The accusative is mainly the case of the direct object, but other nouns can take the accusative form: those indirect objects which aren't in the dative case, as well as most circumstantials and attributes built with prepositions. Examples:
A particularity of Romanian is that the direct object is marked in certain situations by the preposition "pe", which in such constructions loses its original meaning ("on", "above"). The usage rules for this marker are complex and insufficiently codified; both semantics and morphology comes into play. Examples of direct object with marker "pe" are given below.
The same preposition "pe" is used not only with nouns in accusative, but also with other words having the role of the direct object: pronouns (personal, interrogative, relative, demonstrative, indefinite or negative), numerals acting as pronouns, etc.
Vocative.
As the vocative case gives the noun a distinct charge of familiarity, directness, and immediateness, nouns in the vocative are rarely used alone, except when addressing or calling someone. Most of the time, and particularly in writing, such nouns are used together with specific adjectives such as "drag" (dear) and "stimat" (respected, dear). Also, such adjective+noun constructions often include a possessive pronoun. Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="2873039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873039" title="William E. Smith">
William E. Smith

William E. Smith (June 18, 1824February 13, 1883) was a merchant and politician in Wisconsin. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate and served as the 14th Governor of Wisconsin. 
Early life.
Smith was born in Inverness, Scotland in 1824, the son of Alexander and Sarah (Grant) Smith. He immigrated to the United States with his family as a child, and lived with his family in New York City and Michigan. He attended the common schools before working as a store clerk when he was 17. In 1846 he went to work for Lord & Taylor, and the following year he went to work for a wholesale company. In 1849 he moved to Fox Lake, Wisconsin to become a partner in a mercantile firm. 
Political career.
He held several political position in Wisconsin and served two terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly beginning in 1851, including serving as speaker during the second term. Originally a Whig, he helped organize the newRepublican Party in 1854. He served two terms in the Wisconsin State Senate from 1858 to 1865. Smith was Wisconsin state treasurer from 1866 to 1870. He was again elected to the State Assembly in 1871. He was a member of the board of regents of normal schools from 1858-1876, and director of the state prison from 1874-1878.
In 1872, Smith moved to Milwaukee and co-founded the Roundy's supermarket chain. He was elected governor in 1877 and served two terms from 1878 to 1882. 
He died on February 13, 1883 in Milwaukee and is interred at Forest Home Cemetery in Milwaukee.
Family life.
Smith and his wife Mary Booth were married in Michigan in 1849. They had four children.
External links.
Category:People from Inverness

</doc>
<doc id="2873043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873043" title="Japan National Route 1">
Japan National Route 1

National Route 1 is a major highway on the island of Honshū in Japan. It connects Chūō, Tokyo in the Kantō region with the city of Osaka, Osaka Prefecture in the Kansai region, passing through the Chūbu region en route. It follows the old Tōkaidō westward from Tokyo to Kyoto, and the old Kyo Kaidō from there to Osaka. Between Tokyo and Aichi Prefecture it parallels the Tomei Expressway; from there to Mie Prefecture, the Higashimeihan Expressway, and from Shiga Prefecture to Osaka, the Meishin Expressway. Its total length is 565.4 km. At its eastern terminus in Nihonbashi, Chūō, Tokyo, it meets National Routes 4, 6, 14, 15, 17, and 20. At its western terminus in Umeda, Kita-ku, Osaka, it links with Routes 2, 25, 26 and other highways.
Route 1 links Tokyo to the important prefectural capitals of Yokohama (Kanagawa Prefecture), Shizuoka, Nagoya (Aichi Prefecture), Otsu (Shiga Prefecture), Kyoto, and Osaka.
Route Data.
ranslation
Origins of National Highway No. 1 is the Tokaido (Tokyo-Kyoto) and Beijing street (Kyoto-Osaka), now almost followed the old route. Relative to other transport routes connecting Tokyo and Osaka (the name of God Speedway, Tokaido Line, Tokaido Shinkansen) to route through Sekigahara Zhongshan Road, National Highway No. 1, inherited Tokaido Line crossed Suzuka Ridge. 1885 (1885) According to the same year, Ministry of Home Affairs Notification No. 6, "State Highway table", the 2nd National Road "Tokyo to Osaka to Hong Kong route" as specified, this route to Yokohama so far are equivalent to the National Highway No. 15, 
Junction list.
All junctions listed are at-grade intersections unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="2873045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873045" title="Nishi-Koizumi Station">
Nishi-Koizumi Station

History.
The first station was originally opened in order for Koizumi plant of Nakajima Aircraft Company as the station of Sengoku-Kashi Freight Line operated by Tobu Railway company on December 1, 1941. There were 32 services of a day between Nishi-koizumi station and Ōta Station.
Preceding station.
Koizumimachi Station - Nishi-Koizumi station

</doc>
<doc id="2873051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873051" title="1936–37 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1936–37 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1936–37 Yugoslav Football Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1936/37 / Државно првенство 1936/37) was the 14th season of Kingdom of Yugoslavia's premier football competition. It was won by Croatian side Građanski Zagreb.
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
Građanski Zagreb (manager: Marton Bukovi)
Emil Urch<br> Ivan Jazbinšek<br> Bernard Hügl<br> Jozo Kovačević<br> Mirko Kokotović<br> Svetozar Đanić<br> August Lešnik<br> Milan Antolković<br> Branko Pleše<br> Ivan Medarić

</doc>
<doc id="2873058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873058" title="Super Pit gold mine">
Super Pit gold mine

The Fimiston Open Pit, colloquially known as the Super Pit, is Australia's largest open cut gold mine. The Super Pit is located off the Goldfields Highway on the south-east edge of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. The pit is oblong in shape and is approximately 3.5 kilometres long, 1.5 kilometres wide and 570 metres deep. At these dimensions, it is large enough to be seen from space.
The Super Pit is owned by Kalgoorlie Consolidated Gold Mines Pty Ltd, a company owned 50/50 by Barrick Gold Corporation and Newmont Mining Corporation. The mine produces 850,000 ounces (28 tonnes) of gold per year, and employs around 550 employees directly on site.
Earlier stages.
Originally consisting of a number of small underground mines, consolidation into a single open pit mine was attempted by Alan Bond, but he was unable to complete the takeover. The Super Pit was eventually created in 1989 by Kalgoorlie Consolidated Gold Mines Pty Ltd.
Barrick Gold acquired its share of the mine in December 2001, when it took over Homestake Mining Company . Newmont became part-owner of the mine three months later, when it acquired Normandy Mining in February 2002.
Geology.
Most of the good gold mined in the Super Pit occurs within ore lodes formed by ancient shears in a rock unit called the Golden Mile Dolerite. As a result, the area is known as the Golden Mile even though the lodes occur in an area over 2 km in width and 1 km in depth.
Production.
Mining is via conventional drill and blast mining via face shovels and dump trucks. Around 15 million tonnes of rock is moved in any given year, consisting primarily of waste rock.
Gold within the Golden Mile lode system is unusual in that it is present as telluride minerals within pyrite. In order to recover the gold, the ore must be crushed, passed through a gravity circuit to recover the free gold present in some of the higher-grade lodes, and then subjected to flotation to produce an auriferous pyrite concentrate. This is then roasted at a small smelter outside Kalgoorlie-Boulder to liberate the gold from the tellurides, with doré bars poured.
Figures.
Past production figures were:

</doc>
<doc id="2873062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873062" title="W. M. Kiplinger">
W. M. Kiplinger

W. M. Kiplinger (1891-1967) was best known as the founder of Kiplinger, a publishing company located in Washington, D.C.. He attended Ohio State University from 1908 until 1912 and was a member of Sigma Pi Fraternity. He moved to Washington, D.C. in 1916 and started the company Kiplinger by 1920.
Kiplinger's son Austin H. Kiplinger succeeded him as head of the publishing company.
Kiplinger Distinguished Contributions to Journalism is an award given by the National Press Foundation in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2873068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873068" title="Tancrède Vallerey">
Tancrède Vallerey

Tancrède Vallerey (born 1892, date of death unknown) was a French writer. He was born in Dunkirk, Nord.
Bibliography.
Novels:

</doc>
<doc id="2873084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873084" title="Hollywood Senior High School">
Hollywood Senior High School

Hollywood Senior High School was a public high school in the suburb of Shenton Park in Perth, Western Australia. It was opened in 1958. It was closed in 2000 and amalgamated with another similar school, Swanbourne Senior High School, to form a new school, Shenton College.

</doc>
<doc id="2873095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873095" title="Tawanda Mupariwa">
Tawanda Mupariwa

Tawanda Mupariwa (born April 16, 1985) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is a right arm fast-medium seam bowler who was brought into the international side after the record low 35 all out in the third One Day International against Sri Lanka. He also played in one Test match in 2004.He is currently playing club cricket for Strabane in Northern Ireland.(2014 season)

</doc>
<doc id="2873102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873102" title="Szymon">
Szymon

Szymon is a Polish version of the masculine given name Simon.
Academics
Artists
Athletes
Nobility
Politicians
Others

</doc>
<doc id="2873109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873109" title="Norwegian Lady Statues">
Norwegian Lady Statues

Norwegian Lady Statues are located in the sister cities of Moss, a coastal town and municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway, and at the Oceanfront (boardwalk) in the coastal resort city of Virginia Beach, Virginia in the United States. They commemorate the lives lost in the 1891 shipwreck of the Norwegian barque "Dictator" off the coast of Virginia Beach and the lifesaving efforts of the community. 
Wreck of the "Dictator".
On Good Friday, March 27, 1891, the Norwegian barque "Dictator", whose home port was the coastal town of Moss, Norway, was lost in the Atlantic Ocean south of the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay off Virginia Beach, Virginia. The "Dictator" had a crew of 15 and the captain's family aboard. The sailing ship had been en route to West Hartlepool, England from Pensacola, Florida with a cargo of Georgia Pine lumber. After being caught and disabled in several storms along the East Coast of the United States, she was headed up the coast for port at Hampton Roads at Norfolk, Virginia to make repairs when she encountered gale force winds. 
Just a few miles south of Cape Henry, and the comparative shelter of the Chesapeake Bay, the sailing ship was driven aground on a sandbar over 300 yards (300 m) offshore of Virginia Beach near present-day 37th street. Her only two lifeboats were destroyed as the main mast and other rigging fell onto the deck. As the vacationing guests of the Princess Anne Hotel and area residents of the small new resort town watched, members from Seatack and Cape Henry Lifesaving Stations of the United States Lifesaving Service (a predecessor agency of the United States Coast Guard) worked in the high winds and seas at rescue efforts beginning about 10:45 A.M. 
Combined with efforts of the ship's crew, 8 of the 17 persons aboard were saved using several methods including a breeches buoy before it was too dark to continue. Johanne Jørgensen, the pregnant young wife of Captain Jørgen M. Jørgensen, and their 4 year-old son Carl Zealand Jørgensen, were among those who drowned in a final escape attempt as the ship broke up. One more sailor survived, but other five sailors were also drowned. The Captain was somehow spared and washed ashore semi-conscious, but still alive. [http://www.qsl.net/vbarc/news/1999/mar99.html]
Captain Jørgensen and the 9 surviving members of his crew were taken to Norfolk. They were aided by the Norwegian Consul and various religious and benevolent shipping groups. All but one of those drowned were buried in Norfolk's Elmwood Cemetery. The remaining sailor, whose body washed ashore a few days later after the wreck, was interred at a local cemetery near the Oceanfront. 
In those days, the tragic shipwreck of the "Dictator" (and the resulting loss of life) was not an unusual event for the local citizenry in this northernmost area of the Graveyard of the Atlantic. The treacherous waters in the area extend south along the North Carolina coast and had claimed many hundreds of vessels. However, as an impromptu memorial was erected shortly thereafter, the story of the "Dictator" and the souls aboard her would become part of both local tradition and legend in coastal Princess Anne County and Virginia Beach.
Ship's figurehead: Norwegian Lady memorial.
Since early days of navigation, a ship's figurehead had often been a feature intended in some way to help ensure a safe and prosperous voyage. After the breakup and sinking of the "Dictator", the ship's wooden female figurehead had washed ashore nearby. Spotted by a young guest, it was retrieved by the manager of the Princess Anne Hotel. He subsequently had it placed in a vertical position facing the ocean near the boardwalk as a memorial to those who lost their lives in the shipwreck. Known as the "Norwegian Lady", it was a landmark at Virginia Beach's Boardwalk at 16th street for more than 60 years as the town became incorporated in 1906 and grew to become a small city in 1923. 
In the brutal coastal weather, the figurehead gradually became weathered and eroded. Then, during Hurricane Barbara in 1953, it was significantly damaged and was removed to a city-owned building for safe-keeping. Subsequently, a few years later, city officials could not locate it, speculating that it had been stolen, or destroyed by accident. Figureheads had long-since been discontinued as a feature of most ships, but the Norwegian Lady had become more than a mere ship's figurehead to the people of Virginia Beach; she was a memorial and a community icon.
New statues for sister cities.
As the story of the lost memorial grew in Virginia Beach, community interest spread across the ocean to Moss. A drive began at both ends to replace the memorial. With a substantial contribution of the Norwegian Shipping Association, enough funds were raised to pay for not just a replacement for Virginia Beach, but "two" new statues. 
Norwegian sculptor Ørnulf Bast was commissioned to create two nine-foot bronze replicas of the original figurehead. The Norwegian Lady statues were unveiled on September 22, 1962. One was presented as a gift to Virginia Beach, and an exact duplicate was erected in Moss, Norway to unite the two cities. Each statue gives the appearance of facing the other across the Atlantic Ocean (but in reality, the directions of their respective gazes are almost perpendicular to each other). 
Moss and Virginia Beach officially became sister cities in 1974. Every year on the anniversary of the wreck, the Ladies Auxiliary of the Virginia Beach Volunteer Fire Department places a wreath at the base of the statue there. On October 13, 1995, during a state visit, Her Majesty Queen Sonja of Norway visited the Norwegian Lady statue in Virginia Beach, and placed memorial flowers. [http://scholar.lib.vt.edu/VA-news/VA-Pilot/issues/1995/vp951018/10170090.htm] 
The statue in Moss receives similar honors. Virginia Beach officials have traveled to Moss, and paid similar respects to the "other" Norwegian Lady. 
On the pedestal of the Virginia Beach statue, these words are inscribed:

</doc>
<doc id="2873111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873111" title="Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ30">
Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ30

Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ30 is a bridge digital camera by Panasonic. It is the successor of the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ20. The highest-resolution pictures it records is 8 megapixels. 
The camera has a 12× optical zoom Leica lens and OIS (optical image stabilization). The optical zoom can be increased to 19.1× optical zoom by decreasing the picture resolution to 3 megapixels. It uses proprietary Lithium-Ion batteries and MMC/SD card storage. High-speed SD cards up to 2 GB are supported. There is no storage built into the camera; a memory card is required for all use.
The manual zoom ring allows a smooth progression from 35–420 mm equivalent and silent zooms when recording movies. The camera also includes an "extended optical zoom" system providing greater optical zoom ability when shooting at lower resolutions, giving up to 19.3× "optical" zoom at 3MP. Apertures from f/2.8 to f/11 are supported, though the larger apertures are not available at high zoom levels (f/3.7 at full zoom). Shutter speeds range from 60 secs to 1/2000 sec. Auto-focus and a "Macro" autofocus modes are available, or a fluid-damped focus ring can be used. The AF-macro setting can be selected for all camera modes. The camera also has a macro capability (5 cm minimum focal range at 1× zoom).
Wide angle and telephoto lens adapters are available from Panasonic. The wide angle converter shoots at 0.7x magnification (24.5 mm) with f/2.8 brightness, while the telephoto adapter provides 1.7× magnification (714 mm) with f/3.7 aperture. Maximum optical zoom available when taking photos at 3MP is thus 32.47x (1137.5 mm). It is also possible to achieve greater limits of wide angle/macro and zoom capability with third-party lens converters, which can be attached to the standard 55 mm filter thread.
The FZ30 can also record in TIFF format, and in a RAW format which is supported by Adobe Camera Raw and many other third-party programs. RAW files are recorded in around three seconds with fast SD cards, which is one of the best results among non-DSLR cameras. 
Aside from the ability to capture images in RAW format, the FZ30 improves upon its predecessor – the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ20 – by adding a screw mount to accept 55mm lens filters, and contains a fully internal zoom and focus mechanism, meaning the lens does not physically extend or retract outside of the camera housing. This non-extending lens offers the added feature of a reduced startup time: 1 second as opposed to 3–5 for the FZ20. The FZ30 also boasts an improved control layout, with revisions made based on feedback by users of the FZ20. However, the fixed lens added greatly to the size of the camera.
This model has been replaced by the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ50.
Panasonic received the DIWA Platinum Award for the Lumix DMC-FZ30 on February 14, 2006.[http://www.diwa-awards.com/awards]

</doc>
<doc id="2873118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873118" title="Reggie Duff">
Reggie Duff

Reginald Alexander Duff (17 August 1878 in Sydney, New South Wales – 13 December 1911 in St Leonards, New South Wales) was an Australian cricketer who played in 22 Tests between 1902 and 1905. 
He made his test debut against England at Melbourne in 1901-02 and scored 104 after being held back until No. 10 in the second innings due to a bad pitch. This innings is the first instance of a No. 10 scoring a hundred on debut and one of only four centuries from that low in the order by anyone. He was a specialist batsman by trade and opened in the second innings of the next Test.
Abul Hasan of Bangladesh became the second man to score a test century at debut at No. 10 in 2012.
Unfortunately, Duff's career was plagued by alcoholism, and he lost his life at the age of 33 in 1911. His former colleagues from his home state of NSW paid for his funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="2873123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873123" title="Japan National Route 2">
Japan National Route 2

National Route 2 is a major highway on the islands of Honshū and Kyūshū in Japan. It follows the old Sanyōdo westward from the city of Osaka, Osaka Prefecture in the Kansai region to the city of Kitakyūshū in Fukuoka Prefecture, passing through the San'yō region en route. Between Hyōgo Prefecture and Yamaguchi Prefecture it parallels the Sanyō Expressway; it crosses the Kanmon Straits through the Kanmon Roadway Tunnel. Its total length is 533.2 km. At its Osaka terminus, it meets Route 1; at its western terminus, it links with Routes 3 and 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2873133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873133" title="Teniposide">
Teniposide

Teniposide (Vumon, VM-26) is a chemotherapeutic medication mainly used in the treatment of childhood acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL). It is in a class of drugs known as podophyllotoxin derivatives and slows the growth of cancer cells in the body.
Mechanism of action.
Teniposide causes dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA and DNA-protein cross-links. The mechanism of action appears to be related to the inhibition of type II topoisomerase activity since teniposide does not intercalate into DNA or bind strongly to DNA. The cytotoxic effects of teniposide are related to the relative number of double-stranded DNA breaks produced in cells, which are a reflection of the stabilization of a topoisomerase II-DNA intermediate.
Administration.
The medication is injected though a vein and burns if it leaks under the skin. It is sometimes used in combination with other anticancer drugs.
Side-effects.
Teniposide, when used with other chemotherapeutic agents for the treatment of ALL, results in severe myelosuppression. Other common side effects include gastrointestinal toxicity, hypersensitivity reactions, and alopecia.

</doc>
<doc id="2873149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873149" title="1937–38 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1937–38 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1937–38 Yugoslav Football Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1937/38 / Државно првенство 1937/38) was the 15th season of Kingdom of Yugoslavia's premier football competition. It was won by Croatian side HAŠK.
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Winning squad.
HAŠK (Coach Zoltán Opata)

</doc>
<doc id="2873151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873151" title="Belle da Costa Greene">
Belle da Costa Greene

Belle da Costa Greene (December 13, 1883 in Washington, D.C. - May 10, 1950 in New York City, New York) was the librarian to J. P. Morgan. After his death in 1913, Greene continued as librarian under his son, Jack Morgan. In 1924 the private collection was incorporated by the State of New York as a library for public uses, and the Board of Trustees appointed Greene first director of the Pierpont Morgan Library.
Life and career.
She was born Belle Marion Greener in Washington, D.C., and grew up there and in New York City. Her biographer Heidi Ardizzone lists Greene's birth date as November 26, 1879. Her mother was Genevieve Ida Fleet, a member of a well-known African American family in the nation's capital, while her father was Richard Theodore Greener, an attorney who served as dean of the Howard University School of Law and was the first black student and first black graduate of Harvard (class of 1870). After his separation from his wife (they never divorced), Greener became a U.S. diplomat posted to Siberia, where he produced a second family with a Japanese woman. Once Greene took the job with Morgan, she likely never spoke to her father again. She may have met him once in Chicago around 1913, but there are no letters or written proof. She burned all personal papers in her possession shortly before her death, while Richard was thought to have lost most of his in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. A recent treasure trove of documents belonging to Greener was discovered in the attic of an abandoned house in Chicago, however, and early indications are that they will shed even greater light on Greener's life.
After her parents' separation, the light-skinned Belle, her mother, and her siblings passed as white and changed their surname to Greene to distance themselves from their father. Her mother changed her maiden name to Van Vliet, apparently in an effort to assume Dutch ancestry, while Belle dropped her middle name in favor of da Costa and began claiming a Portuguese background to explain her dusky complexion. Eventually, she moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she worked at the Princeton University Library.
The financier J. P. Morgan had in 1902 engaged Charles F. McKim to build him a library to the east of his Madison Avenue brownstone as his collection already was too large for his study. To manage his collection he hired Greene as his personal librarian in 1905, having been introduced to her by his nephew, Junius, a Princeton student. Soon trusted for her expertise (she was an expert in illuminated manuscripts) as well as her bargaining prowess with dealers, Greene would spend millions of dollars not only buying but selling rare manuscripts, books and art. She has been described as smart and outspoken as well as beautiful and sensual. While she enjoyed a Bohemian freedom, she was also able to move with ease in elite society, known for her exotic looks and designer wardrobe. "Just because I am a librarian," Greene reportedly announced, "doesn't mean I have to dress like one."
Not only did her bearing, style, and seemingly unlimited means attract notice, but "her role at the Morgan Library placed her at the center of the art trade and her friendship was coveted by every dealer." The power that she wielded for 43 years was unmatched. She told Morgan - who was willing to pay any price for important works - that her goal was to make his library "pre-eminent, especially for incunabula, manuscripts, bindings, and the classics."
J. P. Morgan left her $50,000 in his will, which at that time was a significant sum, reportedly $800,000 in modern money. Asked if she was Morgan's mistress, she is said to have replied, "We tried!" She never married, however, and her most lasting romantic relationship was with the Renaissance Italian art expert Bernard Berenson.
Greene retired in 1948 and died in New York City two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="2873154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873154" title="WebRIOT">
WebRIOT

webRIOT was a game show that debuted on MTV in December 1999. It was hosted by Ahmet Zappa and Masasa served as the announcer. The gameplay consisted of contestants answering multiple-choice music trivia questions while accompanying music videos played. After the question was read, four choices appeared and incorrect choices slowly disappeared. Contestants could lock in their choice at any time, though faster choices garnered more points. Incorrect choices deducted points from a player's score; an eliminated incorrect answer cost more. The game started with four contestants and consisted of three rounds. In round 1, the value of the question started at 250 points, and doubled to 500 in round 2. After each of the first two rounds, one contestant was eliminated. The final round was a two-minute "speed" round between the two remaining contestants with all questions worth +1000 or -500. The winner received a prize such as a trip.
The show was notable for its use of interaction with home viewers via the Internet. By downloading the "webRIOT" software that was developed by Spiderdance, users could compete with the contestants and chat with other players. The first 25,000 online users to go online before each weekday's 5 p.m. EST showing (there was a separate 5 p.m. PST showing for the west coast) were allowed to play. Viewers watched the show on television for the question and submitted their answers through their computers. Home viewers were allowed to play along during the first two rounds. The top ten players had their screen names shown on television and were eligible to win prizes or be invited to be a contestant on the show.
The show's set and presentation was made to fit in with its theme of interactivity. The studio contestants were acknowledged only by their screen names while Zappa only appeared to the contestants via a video wall.

</doc>
<doc id="2873161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873161" title="García I of León">
García I of León

García I (c. 871 – 19 January 914) was the King of León from 910 until his death and eldest of three succeeding sons of Alfonso III the Great by his wife Jimena.
García took part in the government alongside his father until 909. In that year a conspiracy, in which García was implicated, was uncovered . Alfonso renounced the throne and divided the realm between his three sons. León went to García, Galicia to Ordoño, and Asturias to Fruela. Asturian primacy was nevertheless recognised.
García's reign saw the fortification of the Duero and the repopulation of Roa, Osma, Clunia, and San Esteban de Gormaz. During this period, the count of Castile, Gonzalo Fernández gained influence through these endeavours. At his death in Zamora he had no heirs and his kingdom passed to Ordoño.
García's wife, Muniadomna, was said by Pelagius of Oviedo to have been daughter of Nuño Fernández, but this is chronologically impossible, and Sánchez Albornoz suggested instead that she was daughter of Munio Núñez, the "repoblador" of Roa and Count of Castile. She may have been the Muniadomna later married to count Ferdinand Ansúrez of Castile.

</doc>
<doc id="2873166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873166" title="A Celebration of Guilt">
A Celebration of Guilt

A Celebration of Guilt is the debut album released by technical death metal band Arsis. The album was released March 30, 2004 in North America by indie record label Willowtip Records and internationally on July 11, 2005 via Earache Records. Following its release, it was met with very favorable reviews by online publications such as Metal Review, Lambgoat, and Wrekage, and landed at Number 49 on The Top 100 Greatest Metal Albums of the Decade list by Decibel Magazine and Number 50 on The Top 100 Death Metal Albums of All Time list, also by Decibel Magazine. On August 9, 2011, Willowtip released a remastered version of "A Celebration of Guilt", which included two b-sides.
Track listing.
Standard Edition.
All songs written by James Malone.

</doc>
<doc id="2873169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873169" title="Frank von Zerneck">
Frank von Zerneck

Frank von Zerneck (born 1940 in New York City) is an American television producer.
Career.
Zerneck's career began as a theater producer in Los Angeles, but moved to television in 1975 in a collaboration with Robert Greenwald, which resulted in the Emmy nominated docudrama "21 Hours at Munich". In 1987 Zerneck and fellow producer Robert M. Sertner created von Zerneck/Sertner Films, a long-term venture which has resulted in nearly a hundred television movies. Of the company's most notable productions are four Native American films produced for Turner Network Television between 1993 and 1996, which included the Emmy winning "Geronimo", nominated "Crazy Horse", and Golden Globe nominated "Lakota Woman". "Tecumseh", which concluded the series, was also critically acclaimed. Recent productions have largely consisted of disaster and true crime dramas.
Credits.
He has 136 producing credits to his name.

</doc>
<doc id="2873171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873171" title="Arthur Mailey">
Arthur Mailey

Arthur Alfred Mailey (3 January 1886 in Zetland, New South Wales – 31 December 1967 in Kirrawee, New South Wales) was an Australian cricketer who played in 21 Test matches between 1920 and 1926.
Mailey used leg-break and googly bowling, taking 99 Test wickets, including 36 in the 1920-21 Ashes series. In the second innings of the fourth Test at Melbourne, he took nine wickets for 121 runs, which is still the Test record for an Australian bowler.
In first-class cricket at Cheltenham during the 1921 tour, he took all ten Gloucestershire wickets for 66 runs in the second innings. His 1958 autobiography was accordingly titled "Ten for 66 And All That".
He also holds the record for the most expensive bowling analysis in first-class cricket. Bowling for New South Wales at Melbourne in 1926-27 as Victoria scored the record first-class total of 1107, Mailey bowled 64 eight-ball overs, did not manage a maiden and took 4 for 362. He said that his figures would have been much better had not three sitters been dropped off his bowling -- "two by a man in the pavilion wearing a bowler hat" and one by an unfortunate team-mate whom he consoled with the words "I'm expecting to take a wicket any day now."
Beginning his working life as a labourer, he became a talented writer and artist. Between 1920 and 1953, he published a number of booklets of cartoons of cricketers of his time.
"Someone dubbed him the man who bowled like a millionaire, and how true it was! Arthur's objective was to take wickets, and the spending of runs in the process bothered him little. For a relatively small man Arthur had abnormally large hands, soft as silk to the touch, and he once told me he didn't know what it was to have tired or sore fingers". Don Bradman

</doc>
<doc id="2873182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873182" title="Christopher Mpofu">
Christopher Mpofu

Christopher Bobby "Chris" Mpofu (born 27 November 1985) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He has represented Zimbabwe at , and level. A tall seam bowler, he hits the pitch hard and can get good away movement - but as with many young quick bowlers consistency is his major problem. Technically, he has a good action but a better brace of his front leg through his delivery stride would allow him to make the most of his height, rather than collapsing as he tends to do at the moment.
Career.
Mpofu made his first-class debut for Matabeleland against Manicaland in March 2004, taking three wickets on debut. In the 2004/05 Faithwear Inter-Clothing Provincial One-Day Competition, Mpofu was the leading wicket-taker with 11 wickets. He repeated the performance with again in the 2005/06 edition with 9 wickets.
Following the mass exodus of top level players in the Zimbabwean cricket crisis of 2004, Mpofu made his One-Day International debut against England, and cost the English team some anxious moments.
Following the exodus of the rebels, Mpofu was given his Test debut against Bangladesh at the Ma Aziz Stadium, Chittagong. He had scores of 0 and 5 in the match. The match was an indication of Zimbabwe's horrific decline in Tests as Bangladesh secured their maiden Test victory that too by a major 226 runs. Enamul Haque jr. trapped Mpofu lbw to secure the win.
One definite shortcoming, is his crease occupation. Not content with being stumped twice in an afternoon (for a pair) in the first Test against New Zealand in August 2005, he followed up by being run out for 3 in the second match, as he strolled down the pitch to congratulate his team-mate Blessing Mahwire on reaching his half-century, with the ball still in action. He still tends to blow hot and cold and has few rivals in the race to be considered international cricket's worst batsman.
Despite containing the basics, a good away movement, and a good action, Mpofu struggled, as for a long time he was the lone seamer among a cluster of spinners, and he had no one to help him out, and consistency was a major problem for the young seamer. There was a game against Pakistan in which he took 1/75.
As Mpofu later recalled, Zimbabwe's short tour of South Africa in 2010 was the most toughest part of his life. On flat batting pitches without any assistance to seamers, Mpofu recorded unflattering bowling figures of 1 for 59 in the Twenty20 match in Kimberley, and 0/59 in a One-Day International at Bloemfontein. Mpofu later said that he thought about Mick Lewis in that 438-game and how he never played for Australia again, and whether the same fate would befall Mpofu too.
It was former Zimbabwean fast-bowling great Heath Streak who helped Mpofu believe he could. When Streak was appointed as bowling coach, Mpofu had a sense that things were changing. The two had a more good understanding because Streak who also came from Matabeleland as Mpofu spoke in his mother language, Ndebele. Streak told Mpofu that in cricket, he needed a wider repoirtoire of balls. Furthermore, former English Test cricketer Robin Jackman told him after his disastrous performances in South Africa that if he had to succeed in international cricket, he will have to bowl a slower ball. Mpofu first tried that experiment in the nets, and following success there, tried them in an international match situation. This chain of incidents proved to be a turning point in Mpofu's career.
A string of decent performances followed in the 2010 tri-series against India and Sri Lanka, as Zimbabwe beat India (twice) and Sri Lanka (once) to reach the final ahead of favorites India, ultimately finishing as runners-up. Mpofu continued in the same vein in the team's tour of Ireland. Mpofu took 8 wickets from this two combined series.
Mpofu had a fine World Cup 2011 performance, with 7 wickets at an average of 22.71 from 4 matches and eased into a more senior role for Zimbabwe. Furthermore, he found a new-ball partner with Ray Price and created a new celebration jig with him as any one of them got a wicket.
Mpofu played in Zimbabwe's comeback Test match against Bangladesh, and took 5 wickets as Zimbabwe recorded their first victory since 2004 by a major 130 runs.
Chris Mpofu continued his good wicket-taking form in the next Test against Pakistan, by taking 2 wickets in the only innings he bowled. Another highlight being his six in the Zimbabwean first innings off Pakistan's stalwart spinner Saeed Ajmal that brought up the Zimbabwean 400. Despite this, the match was a heavy 7-wicket loss for the hosts who were playing at Bulawayo.
Mpofu continued his fine form in the next Test against New Zealand where he took 4 wickets in a single innings to restrict New Zealand to 426. He eventually finished with another 5-wicket haul. Despite captain Brendan Taylor's brilliant innings of 117 in the last innings, Zimbabwe lost the match narrowly by 34 runs, owing much to Black Caps debutant Doug Bracewell's 5-wicket haul that overshadowed Mpofu's and Kyle Jarvis's.

</doc>
<doc id="2873183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873183" title="Benedikt Sarnov">
Benedikt Sarnov

Benedikt Sarnov (; January 4, 1927 – April 20, 2014) was a Moscow literary critic, historian of Soviet literature, and writer. After graduating from Gorky Institute of World Literature in 1951, he became a member of Union of Soviet Writers in 1960. He worked in the magazine Literary Gazette, created a popular literary radio program and authored a column about Russian prose in Ogonek. In 1990s he became Secretary of the Moscow Writers' Union, a part of Union of Russian Writers. He has published over twenty books, and hundreds of articles and reviews, and continues to be active in the post-Soviet period. His most recent books were about relationships of Stalin and Soviet writers and other intellectuals He died in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2873186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873186" title="Yoseikan">
Yoseikan

The Dojo.
The brother and friends of Master Minoru Mochizuki built this dojo for him while he was recovering from pleurisy and pulmonary tuberculosis. When the dojo was built, a friend of the Mochizuki family (a philosophy teacher) called it Yōseikan. Mochizuki immediately adopted the name since it means "the place to cultivate truth/righteousness". It reflected his teacher's ideals and it reinforced the positive attitude of "Mutual welfare and prosperity" he had always promoted. The official opening of the dojo was held in November 1931 and many dignitaries from Tokyo, including Morihei Ueshiba, Admiral Isamu Takeshita, and General Makoto Miura attended. It had to be rebuilt after World War II during which it was burnt down.
The Yōseikan served as the centre for many martial arts
in Shizuoka until the 1970s. The martial arts taught at the dojo included Aikido, Judo, Karate, and Tenshin Shoden Katori Shinto Ryu. In the 1970s it became the home to Mochizuki's composite martial art, Yoseikan Budo. The Yōseikan building is currently home to the International Budo Seifukai Federation.
The Yōseikan dojo is located at Mukoshikiji 846, Shizuoka-shi, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2873194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873194" title="Abertamy">
Abertamy

Abertamy (in German "Abertham") is a town in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. It is located in Ore Mountains about north of Karlovy Vary and has a population of 1,413 (2005). With an altitude of 840 meters above sea level, the place serves as a winter sports center. From 1938 to 1945 it was one of the municipalities in Sudetenland.
The village of Hřebečná is the administrative part of Abertamy.
History.
Abertamy is first mentioned in written documents from 1529, when miners started to settle in the area. During 1531-1558 silver was mined here. In 1579 Abertamy obtained township rights. On September 15, 1590, a strong earthquake was recorded here. After the Thirty Years' War silver mining stopped, and only the mining of tin continued. Abertamy lost its town rights, and the area was forcibly recatholicized after the war. During the 19th century manufacturing of gloves began and expanded in the 20th century. In 1876 Abertamy again obtained town status.
In 1910 the town had 4,200 inhabitants. In 1921 Abertamy was electrified. It was annexed into the Third Reich in 1938; in 1945 many German speaking people were expelled and local industry was nationalised. However roughly 150,000 of 3.5 million Sudenten Germans in the surrounding region were not expelled due to their indespensable mining and technical skills. Even by 1960 most children entering grade 1 in Abertamy only spoke German and until the end of communism the town was largely German speaking. In 1947 Abertamy had about 1,200 inhabitants.
Intensive mining of uranium ore had started (and prisoners from nearby communist Jáchymov concentration camp were forced to work there under cruel conditions). In 1998 the factory producing gloves closed down.
Since 1946, Abertamy has had a secondary school specialising in forest industry

</doc>
<doc id="2873195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873195" title="Wolff">
Wolff

Wolff is a surname, mostly of German origin. It may have derived from the name of the animal with this name, see Wolf.
List of people surnamed Wolff.
Wolff may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2873202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873202" title="Elisabeth Schumacher">
Elisabeth Schumacher

Elisabeth Schumacher, née Hohenemser, (April 28, 1904 — December 22, 1942) was an artist and resistance fighter in the Third Reich. She belonged to the Red Orchestra ("Rote Kapelle") resistance group.
Life.
Elisabeth was born in Darmstadt to the engineer Fritz Hohenemser, who came from a Jewish family of bankers from Frankfurt am Main. Her mother was from a Christian family and came from Meiningen. In 1914, the family moved from Strasbourg (then part of Germany) to Frankfurt am Main. Shortly thereafter, Fritz Hohenemser died in action in the First World War. Elisabeth then moved to Meiningen with her mother and siblings.
Living in Frankfurt again in 1921, she attended the School of Applied Arts ("Kunstgewerbeschule") in Offenbach on and off until 1925. She worked at a crafts studio until 1928, so that she could later study art in Berlin, which she did until 1933. After completing her studies, she was active at the German Labour Museum ("Deutsches Arbeitsmuseum"). Owing to the Nuremberg Laws, she was deemed to be a "half-Jew" (""Halbjüdin""), and therefore could not expect to hold a steady job, but could only freelance.
Resistance activities.
In 1934, Elisabeth Hohenemser married the sculptor Kurt Schumacher, a staunch Communist. The couple became part of the circle of friends that included Libertas and Harro Schulze-Boysen, and Mildred and Arvid Harnack, which the Gestapo later dubbed the "Red Orchestra" ("Rote Kapelle"). The group was active giving out handbills and documenting the Nazi régime's crimes.
Schumacher wanted to protect Jewish relatives from deportation. Moreover, she believed there were possibilities of negotiating peace with the Soviet Union. Early in 1941, the Schumachers were involved in the attempt to warn the Soviet Union by wireless about the forthcoming German invasion (Operation Barbarossa). In August 1942, they took in the Communist Albert Hößler (or Hoessler), who had lived in the Soviet Union since the 1930s. He parachuted into Germany to support the resistance group's transmission of information to the Soviet Union.
Arrest and death.
In 1942, after a wireless message was decoded, many members of the Red Orchestra were arrested. On 12 September of that year, Schumacher was arrested at her flat. Like her husband, she was sentenced to death on 19 December 1942 at the "Reichskriegsgericht" ("Reich Military Tribunal") for "conspiracy to commit high treason", espionage, and other political crimes. Schumacher was beheaded on 22 December 1942 at Plötzensee Prison, forty-five minutes after her husband was hanged there.

</doc>
<doc id="2873218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873218" title="Cougal Spiral (railway)">
Cougal Spiral (railway)

The Cougal Spiral is a feature of the North Coast Railway in Australia that connects New South Wales with Queensland through Richmond Gap. The railway lines needs to climb at a steady ruling gradient from Kyogle to the summit at a tunnel at the border between the two states. The border is also at the watershed. The line is single tracked.
Tunnels.
Climbing almost non-stop at the ruling grade of 1 in 66 or 1.5% (compensated) the line has almost continuous curves of radius. Near Cougal, the alignment finally runs out of valley, and has nowhere to go. Fortunately a convenient hill allows the line to circle back on itself so that it climbs without having to make any forward progress. Soon after the Border Tunnel under the watershed is reached, and the line descends on the other side. The spiral has two short tunnels, one where it passes under itself, plus another through a small spur in the hillside.
Summit.
The tunnel at the border summit is long. A lower summit, perhaps without the spiral, would be possible with a considerably longer and more expensive summit tunnel, with the possibility of problems with fumes for both the original steam locomotives and the replacement diesel engines.
The Cougal Spiral is easily viewed from parts of the Lions Road. The structure has been heritage listed due to its historical, scientific and architectural rarity.

</doc>
<doc id="2873221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873221" title="National highways of Japan">
National highways of Japan

Japan has a nationwide system of distinct from the expressways. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and other government agencies administer the national highways. Beginning in 1952, Japan classified these as Class 1 or Class 2. Class 1 highways had one- or two-digit numbers, while Class 2 highways had three-digit numbers. For example, Routes 1 and 58 were Class 1 highways while 507 (the one with the highest number) was a Class 2 highway.
A 1964 amendment to the governing law resulted in a unification of the classes, which took effect in April of the following year. Highways numbered since that time have had three-digit numbers, so the numbers 58–100, which had so far been unused, remained unused. However, when Okinawa Prefecture was reverted to Japanese control in 1972, Route 58, with its southern endpoint in Okinawa's capital city of Naha, was established. The numbers from 59 to 100 remain unused. Some other numbers have been vacated by the joining or changing of routes: 109 (joined with 108), 110 (renumbered as 48), 111 (renumbered as 45), 214–216 (joined to form 57).
List of national highways.
1 to 58.
"Initially established as "Class 1 highways", except Route 58"
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 
21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 
31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 
41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 
51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58
101 to 200.
101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 
      112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 
121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 
131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 
141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 
151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 
161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 
171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 
181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 190 
191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 199 200
201 to 300.
201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 209 210 
211 212 213                    217 218 219 220 
221 222 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 
231 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 240 
241 242 243 244 245 246 247 248 249 250 
251 252 253 254 255 256 257 258 259 260 
261 262 263 264 265 266 267 268 269 270 
271 272 273 274 275 276 277 278 279 280 
281 282 283 284 285 286 287 288 289 290 
291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 300
301 to 400.
301 302 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 
311 312 313 314 315 316 317 318 319 320 
321 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329 330 
331 332 333 334 335 336 337 338 339 340 
341 342 343 344 345 346 347 348 349 350 
351 352 353 354 355 356 357 358 359 360 
361 362 363 364 365 366 367 368 369 370 
371 372 373 374 375 376 377 378 379 380 
381 382 383 384 385 386 387 388 389 390 
391 392 393 394 395 396 397 398 399 400
401 to 507.
401 402 403 404 405 406 407 408 409 410 
411 412 413 414 415 416 417 418 419 420 
421 422 423 424 425 426 427 428 429 430 
431 432 433 434 435 436 437 438 439 440 
441 442 443 444 445 446 447 448 449 450 
451 452 453 454 455 456 457 458 459 460 
461 462 463 464 465 466 467 468 469 470 
471 472 473 474 475 476 477 478 479 480 
481 482 483 484 485 486 487 488 489 490 
491 492 493 494 495 496 497 498 499 500
501 502 503 504 505 506 507

</doc>
<doc id="2873241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873241" title="Jason Gray-Stanford">
Jason Gray-Stanford

Jason Gray-Stanford (born May 19, 1970) is a Canadian film and television actor. He is best known for having played the hapless Lieutenant Randy Disher in the TV program "Monk". He last (May 9, 2013) appeared as hospital staff attorney Scott Henderson on the TNT medical drama, "Monday Mornings".
Career.
Gray-Stanford earned a BFA degree from the University of British Columbia in theatre. He has done extensive dubbing work for various Japanese anime movies and series, and also contributed background vocals to Russell Crowe's 30 Odd Foot of Grunts album "Gaslight". He played Deputy Bobby Michan in the 1999 movie "Mystery Alaska" and appeared in the 2001 movie "A Beautiful Mind", both starring Crowe. He appeared in the 2006 Clint Eastwood film, "Flags of our Fathers" as Lieutenant Schrier. 
He was the voice of Kento Rei Faun in the anime "Ronin Warriors", and the original English voice of Raditz and Cui in the Ocean Group dub of "Dragonball Z", as well as the voice of Shinnosuke in the English dub of "Ranma 1/2" and the voice of Joe Higashi in the "" OVAs and . He also appeared on an episode of "Stargate SG-1".
Jason Gray-Stanford is also known as the first voice of Yusaku Godai in Maison Ikkoku. However, after episode 36, the dubbing of the series was halted due to poor sales, during which the dubbing company lost contact with Gray-Stanford as well as several other actors. Since episode 37, Godai has been voiced by Brad Swaile. Gray-Stanford also voiced Donatello (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles) in the 1996 TV series, "".

</doc>
<doc id="2873251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873251" title="Gender of God">
Gender of God

The gender of God can be viewed as a literal or as an allegorical aspect of a deity. In polytheistic religions, "the gods" are more likely to have literal sexual genders which would enable them to interact with each other, and even with humans, in a sexual way. In most monotheistic religions, there is no comparable being for God to relate to in a literal gender-based way, so the gender of this one-and-only deity is most likely to be an analogical statement of how humans and God address, and relate to, each other, with no sexual connotations. Although God is an intangible spirit in many religions and therefore has no gender, debate over his or her "actual" sex nevertheless has passionately raged in recent decades. The preponderance of references to God in both the Old and New Testaments are in the context of a masculine reference, often "father." However, there are a significant number of feminine allegorical references to the Judaeo-Christian god, most often in some maternal role.
Comparative religion.
What is understood by words for "God" varies across cultures and has sometimes changed dramatically at various times. Buddhism challenged various ideas in Vedic religion, the monotheism of Judaism challenged its polytheistic neighbours, and in European history, the Roman Empire officially adopted Christianity under Constantine I, later becoming the center of the Christian religion, but having this centrality challenged during the Reformation.
Evolutionary process.
A simple view of the history of religion as an evolutionary process was proposed in the 19th century—from animism to polytheism to monotheism, with some believing theism, atheism or agnosticism to be the most advanced approach. Such views are no longer widely current in the study of religion. 
Comparative religion notes distinctive idiosyncrasies across major religions that are better explained by close historical scrutiny, rather than appeal to a simplistic theory.
Role of language.
Nonetheless, a hegemonic Western conception of metaphysics influenced strongly by Judaism and Christianity is identifiable in European literature from Greek and Roman authors through to the present, such that English language betrays an inherent bias towards monotheistic thought. Where animist languages may not even have words for personal deities, but rather a nuanced vocabulary of spiritualism, and polytheistic cultures have lexis suited to articulating relationships between deities in a pantheon, some modern English speakers only recognize alternatives such as "God", "gods" or "no God", being unfamiliar with Buddhism and animism.
Literary comparisons.
When considering the literature of the world's religions and metaphysical philosophies, the diversity of the underlying conceptions of the spiritual realm is foundational to appreciating any points of comparison. Comparison of views of the gender of spiritual entities is no exception. Each religion or philosophy needs to be understood in its historical, social, linguistic and philosophical context. Thus, matters of gender do apply to animism, but not in the foundational way they do in polytheism and monotheism. Additionally, since animism is largely associated with preliterate societies, we are dependent on the ethnographies of cultural anthropologists rather than documented scriptures and later commentary. Shinto is a notable exception.
Abrahamic religions.
In the Hebrew and Christian Bible.
God is usually characterised as male in Biblical sources, with female analogy in , , and ; a mother in , , , , , ; a mother eagle in ; and a mother hen in and .
Genesis 1:26-27 says that the "elohim" were male and female, and humans were made in their image.
Judaism.
Although God is referred to in the Hebrew Bible with masculine imagery and grammatical forms, Jewish philosophy does not attribute to God either sex or gender. At times, Jewish aggadic literature and Jewish mysticism do treat God as gendered, though these are not uniformly masculine or feminine.
Christianity.
Most Christian groups conceive of God as Triune, having the belief that God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit are distinct persons, but one being that is wholly God.
God the Son (Jesus Christ), having been incarnated as a human man, is clearly masculine. God the "Father" or "Creator" is interpreted as clearly masculine to Biblical literalists. Classical western philosophy believes that God lacks a literal sex because it would be impossible for God to have a body (a prerequisite for sex). However, Classical western philosophy states that God should be referred to (in most contexts) as masculine by analogy. It justifies this by pointing to God's relationship with the world as begetter of the world and revelation (i.e. analogous to an active instead of receptive role in sexual intercourse). Others interpret God as neither male nor female.
The Catechism of the Catholic Church #239 specifically states that "God is neither man nor woman: he is God".
In contrast to most other Christian denominations, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) teaches that God the Father, God the Son, and the Holy Spirit are physically distinct while being one in purpose. The LDS Church also teaches that God the Father is married to a divine woman, referred to as "Heavenly Mother." Humans are considered to be spirit children of these heavenly parents.
Gender of the Holy Spirit.
In Hebrew language, in the Old Testament the divine presence of God, the Holy Spirit, the Shekhinah is feminine.
The New Testament also refers to the Holy Spirit as masculine in a number of places, where the masculine Greek word "Paraclete" occurs, for "Comforter", most clearly in the Gospel of John, chapters 14 to 16. These texts were particularly significant when Christians were debating whether the New Testament teaches that the Holy Spirit is a fully divine person, or some kind of "force". All major English Bible translations have retained the masculine pronoun for the Spirit, as in John 16:13. Although it has been noted that in the original Greek, in some parts of John's Gospel, the neuter Greek word for "it" is also used for the Spirit.
Islam.
The oneness of God is of primary importance in the Qur'an and Islam. In Qur'an, Allah is most often referred to with the pronouns "Hu" or "Huwa", and although these are commonly translated as "him", they can also be translated gender-neutrally, as "it". This is also true of the feminine equivalent, "Hiya". Qur'an 112:3–4 states: "He begets not, nor is He begotten. And none is like Him ."
Other references include the first person pronoun, and the relative pronoun "ma" ("that which"), as in the phrase "the heavens and that which created them" (Qur'an 91:5).
Indic religions.
Hinduism.
The oldest of the Hindu scriptures is the Rigveda (2nd millennium BC). The first word of the Rigveda is the name Agni, the god of fire, to whom many of the vedic hymns are addressed, along with Indra the warrior. Agni and Indra are both male divinities.
The Rigveda refers to a creator (Hiranyagarbha or Prajapati), distinct from Agni and Indra. This creator is identified with Brahma (not to be confused with Brahman, the first cause), born of Vishnu's navel, in later scriptures. Hiranyagarbha and Prajapati are male divinities, as is Brahma (who has a female consort, Saraswati).
There are many other gods in the Rigveda. 
They are "not simple forces of nature", and possess "complex character and their own mythology". 
They include goddesses of water (Āpaḥ) and dawn (Uṣas), and the complementary pairing of Father Heaven and Mother Earth. 
However, they are all "subservient to the abstract, but active positive 'force of truth'" (Rta), 
"which pervades the universe and all actions of the gods and humans." 
This force is sometimes mediated or represented by moral gods (Āditya such as Varuṇa) or even Indra. 
The Āditya are male and Rta is personified as masculine in later scriptures (see also Dharma).
In some Hindu philosophical traditions, God is depersonalized as the quality-less Nirguna Brahman, the fundamental life force of the universe. However, theism itself is central to Hinduism.
While many Hindus focus upon God in the neutral form, Brahman being of neuter gender grammatically, there are prominent Hindu traditions that conceive God as female, even as the source of the male form of God, such as the Shakta denomination. Hinduism, especially of the Samkhya school, views the creation of the cosmos as the result of the play of two radically distinct principles: the feminine matter (Prakriti) and the masculine spirit (Purusha). Prakriti is the primordial matter which is present before the cosmos becomes manifest. Prakriti is seen as being "...the power of nature, both animate and inanimate. As such, nature is seen as dynamic energy" (Rae, 1994). Prakriti is originally passive, immobile and pure potentiality by nature . Only through her contact with the kinetic Purusha she unfolds into the diverse forms before us. The idea of Prakriti/Purusha leads to the concept of the Divine Consort. Almost every deva of the Hindu pantheon has a feminine consort (devi).
In July 2012 Gopi Shankar, a Gender activist said apart from male and female, there are more than 20 types of genders, such as "transwoman," "transmen," "androgynous," "pangender," "trigender,", etc., and ancient India refers it as Trithiya prakirthi. Many gods of Hindu religion are Genderqueer "
Sikhism.
The Guru Granth consistently refers to God as "He" and "Father". However, it also says that God is indescribable. Thus, God in Sikhism has no gender. The Akal Purakh ("Timeless Man") is referred to as one of the gender, simply because the Granth is written in north Indian Indo-Aryan languages (mixture of Punjabi and dialects of Hindi) which have no neutral gender.
It is described as energy that prevails throughout the universe.
Animist religions.
Animist religions are common among preliterate societies, many of which still exist in the 21st century. Typically, natural forces and shaman spiritual guides feature in these religions, rather than fully fledged personal divinities with established personalities. It is in polytheism that such deities are found. Animist religions often, but not always, attribute gender to spirits considered to permeate the world and its events. Polytheistic religions, however, almost always attribute gender to their gods, though a few notable divinities are associated with various forms of epicene characteristics—gods that manifest alternatingly as male and female, gods with one male and one female "face", and gods whose most distinctive characteristic is their unknown gender.

</doc>
<doc id="2873257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873257" title="April Morning">
April Morning

April Morning is a novel about Adam Cooper's coming of age during the Battle of Lexington. One critic notes that in the beginning of the novel Adam is "dressed down by his father, misunderstood by his mother and plagued by his brother." In the backdrop are the peaceful people of Lexington, forced "to go into a way of war that they abhorred."
While the novel was not originally written as a young adult story, it has increasingly been assigned in middle school English and social studies classes, due to the age of the protagonist and author Howard Fast's meticulous efforts to recreate the texture of daily life in colonial America and the political currents on the eve of the American Revolution.
In 1987, a film version was made for television starring Chad Lowe as Adam and Tommy Lee Jones as Moses.
Plot.
The novel begins in the afternoon of April 18, 1775 when Adam Cooper's father, Moses Cooper, sends Adam out to draw water from the well for his mother, Sarah Cooper. After completing this task, Adam heads upstairs to talk with Granny. During the talk with her, they engage in a debate on religion. Afterwords, they head downstairs to eat dinner. Then the family prays and the meal, consisting of bread pudding and donkers, begins. In the middle of the meal, Moses confronts Adam about a "spell" to be said while drawing water. As a result, the confrontation starts an argument, which is interrupted by Cousin Simmons arriving. Cousin Simmons, chosen to draft a letter on the rights of man, comes to Moses with his draft seeking criticism. Another debate arises over Cousin Simmons' description of rights as "god-given." Moses asserts that rights come from the people backing them, not God.
After dinner is over and Adam finishes some evening chores, he heads over to the Simmons' house to meet with Ruth, his love interest, and go on a walk. Before he is able to see Ruth, however, Aunt Simmons makes conversation with Adam and feeds him pie. Then Ruth comes downstairs, and Adam and Ruth leave on a walk. While they are walking, they talk about various things, including their futures and what they want to be in the world. After a kiss Adam walks Ruth home and then he himself heads home. Upon arrival, Adam spots Levi cleaning his gun. Adam does not like this but his mother insists that he let Levi do it. Then Adam heads upstairs and goes to bed. Before falling asleep he overhears his parents talking about the committee meeting. Finally he falls asleep.
Suddenly, Adam is awakened by his brother Levi. Levi draws attention to a speedy rider that stops in the center of town. Now the whole family is awake and curious. People gather around the rider on the green, who informs the town that the British are coming and may be marching through the town. He then rides off. Because of this news, arguments stir in the crowd on whether to muster the militia. The people of Lexington agree to muster it. Adam signs up and is then tasked to take Ruth home. After doing so, he comes to his home to overhear his parents designating him a man. As he walks in his father chastises him, then has Adam load his gun and go to the muster.
After Adam and all the other men arrive at the green, the militia muster falls into order and the women and children are sent inside. They stand there for a few hours until the redcoats march into town. The British fix bayonets, then fire upon the militia. Adam's father falls and Adam runs away. He hides in a smokehouse until Levi comes in. Levi tells Adam to leave the town because the British are searching the town. Adam leaves and jumps over a wall and meets Solomon Chandler. He feeds and comforts Adam on the events Adam just witnessed. Then they walk until they meet Cousin Dover, Cousin Simmons and the Reverend. The company continues to walk until they arrive at the militia encampment. There the militia plans several ambushes and Adam shares his story of the massacre on the Lexington green. Then the militia sends a horseman to scout ahead while the others lie in wait by the road. The horseman returns, then the British come. The militia releases a few volleys before retreating over the hill. The militia, not pursued by the British, stop to rest and plan the next ambush.
During the next ambush Adam falls asleep under some brush. He is awakened by Cousin Simmons and the Reverend searching for his body and talking about him. Adam calls to them, to their relief, and they send him home. He returns home and is greeted by Levi, who walks Adam into the house. The house is occupied by mourners, Ruth, Granny, and his mother. Adam's mother sends him to get his father a coffin and take it to the church. After a brief conversation with the coffin-maker Adam returns home. He eats dinner, then his mother sends him to light candles by his father's coffin. Ruth accompanies him and they talk for a while, until Adam walks Ruth home. Then he himself goes home and retires to bed.
Themes.
Several major themes arise in "April Morning". Although the most common theme picked up on is coming of age, several others have been noted. These others are non-violence, the rights of man, and the truth.
The first theme, coming of age, deals with Adam Cooper's becoming a man during the Battle of Lexington. After Moses Cooper is killed on the green, Adam is thrust into manhood. After puking and sobbing after battle, Adam returns home to be treated as the man of the house, against his wishes.
The theme of nonviolence is based on Moses Cooper's belief in solving problems through arguments, rather than warfare. This theme is also supported by Adam's later saying "I don't hate anyone enough to kill him." The rights of man appears several times through Moses' speeches. Also, the colonists are drafting a statement on the rights of man to send to Boston.
For the truth theme, several conflicts have been noted in the first chapter, such as Moses Cooper's talking against superstition yet birching Adam seven times.
Background.
York has said that Fast's view on the revolution (that aligns with his political beliefs) is exhibited in "April Morning". He says "believed the essence of the revolution was with the faceless and nameless people who fought it." Also, the "New York Times" says that "[Fast proposes that Solomon Chandler organized the Battle of Lexington.
Reception.
"April Morning" received many positive reviews. Hunter praised Fast for writing "April Morning" for "demonstrata more mature vision." Desrosiers agreed, saying that "April Morning" "[is a well written work which knits together the events of the 19th of April 1775." Macdonald also praised Fast for "A virtually perfect relationship between literary character and research."
Adaptations.
The novel was adapted for TV in the Hallmark Hall of Fame in 1988 by James Lee Barrett. This production was directed by Delbert Mann. This film adaptation also stars Chad Lowe as Adam Cooper and Tommy Lee Jones as Moses Cooper. Although it is set at the very beginning of the American Revolution it is more about Adam's journey to manhood and his relationship with his parents.
Publication information.
"April Morning", by Howard Fast. Originally published 1961. Mass Market Paperback: Bantam, 1983. ISBN 978-0-553-27322-9

</doc>
<doc id="2873259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873259" title="Ordoño II of León">
Ordoño II of León

Ordoño II (c. 873 – June 924, León) was a king of Galicia from 910, and king of Galicia and León from 914 until his death. He was an energetic and feisty ruler who submitted only the territories of the kingdom of Leon under his control and fought successfully against the Muslims, who still dominated most of the Iberian Peninsula. His reign marked the tactical and smooth transition of the "regnum Asturum" to the "regnum Legionis", with the royal headquarters already established in the city of León.
Family.
Born around 871, he was the second son of King Alfonso III the Great, king of Asturias and his wife, Queen Jimena.
Upon Alfonso's death in 910, the kingdom was divided between his three sons; León went to García, Galicia to Ordoño, and Asturias to Fruela. Asturian primacy was nevertheless recognised, though Ordoño was of a harder temperament than his brothers. Upon García's death in Zamora in 914, Ordoño succeeded him to the throne of the León.
Life.
Youth.
His father sent him to Zaragoza to be educated in the court of the Banu Qasi. In lifetime of his father he performed in the government of Galicia. He personally directed, before the year 910, a military expedition against the Muslims in the south of the Iberian Peninsula, which came to the city of Seville. The expedition destroyed and looted the neighborhood of Regel, ""considered one of the strongest and most opulent"," as it is referred to by Silense history, but this neighborhood has not been identified with certainty by historians.
For unknown reasons, the children of Alfonso III the Great rebelled against their father in 909. Although the infant Garcia, brother of Ordoño, was arrested and imprisoned in the Gauzón castle, a year after Alfonso III was obligated to abdicate by his children and divide his kingdom amongst them. The kingdom of León corresponded to the firstborn son, Garcia, the kingdom of Asturias corresponded to that of Fruela and Galicia to Ordoño. Alfonso III died in the city of Zamora on December 20 910.
Garcia I kept distant and conflictual relations with his brother Ordoño. When Alfonso III died, Garcia prevented the bishop Gennadius of Astorga from taking five hundred mizcals, donated by Alfonso III to the shrine of the Apostle, to the city of Santiago de Compostela with him.
Accession to the throne of León.
At the death of his brother Garcia, which occurred in the city of Zamora in 914, Ordoño II inherited the kingdom of León and although his brother had married, he died childless.
Reign.
Ordoño continued thereafter the expansion of the Christian polity of his forefathers on two fronts. In his south-western territories, he sacked Mérida and Évora and forced the Muslim governor of the region to buy his retreat.
In his eastern territories, he united with Sancho I Garcés, king of Navarre, against the emir of Córdoba, Abd-ar-Rahman III. The Moors were put to rout at San Esteban de Gormaz (917). Arnedo and Calahorra were taken the next year from the Banu Qasi. The reaction of Abd-ar-rahman, however, was severe. In 920, he put to march an army to recover Osma and San Esteban de Gormaz. He crossed into Navarre and defeated the Christians at Valdejunquera and took the bishops of Tui and Salamanca captive. Though intending to crush Pamplona itself, he turned around to deal with his immense booty.
Ordoño II—who had come at King Sancho's request—attributed the loss to the absence of the counts of Castile, who had not come at his call. He brought them together at Tejares and had them killed. The Christian counteroffensive was immediate, occupying La Rioja and incorporating into Navarre Nájera and Viguera.
He suffered frequent raids into his territory from the armies of Abd-ar-Rahman III and he confronted the Castilians who were aspiring to foment revolt in León.
Marriages.
Ordoño married three times. His first wife, and the mother of his children, was Elvira Menéndez, daughter of count Hermenegildo Gutiérrez and aunt of San Rosendo. 
He then married Aragonta González, daughter of count Gonzalo Betótez. He set her aside because "she was not pleasing to him". When he formed a political alliance with Sancho I of Pamplona, he was married to that king's daughter, Sancha. He died in 924 leaving young children, and was succeeded by his eldest surviving brother, Fruela, the king of Asturias, thereby reuniting their father's patrimony. His widow would remarry, wedding Álvaro Herrameliz, Count of Álava, and following his death, she again married, to Fernán González of Castile.

</doc>
<doc id="2873263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873263" title="1938–39 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1938–39 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1938–39 Yugoslav Football Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1938/39 / Државно првенство 1938/39) was the 16th season of Kingdom of Yugoslavia's premier football competition.
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
BSK Belgrade (Coach:Antal Nemes)

</doc>
<doc id="2873267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873267" title="Porky Pig's Feat">
Porky Pig's Feat

"Porky Pig's Feat" is a one-reel animated cartoon short subject in the "Looney Tunes" series, produced in black-and-white and released to theatres on July 17, 1943, by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was directed by Frank Tashlin with musical direction by Carl Stalling, and produced by Leon Schlesinger. Originally released in black-and-white, clips of a digitally colored version of the cartoon were seen in bonus features for the first two "Looney Tunes Golden Collection" DVD box sets, before finally being issued in its original monochrome form on the "" DVD.
This cartoon was colorized in 1968 (just after Seven Arts Productions, successor to Guild Films, to whom the black-and-white cartoon library had been sold some time before, acquired Warner Bros.) by having every other frame traced over onto a cel.
Each redrawn cel was painted in color and then photographed over a colored reproduction of each original background. The animation quality dropped considerably from the original version with this method.
The cartoon was colorized again in 1990, this time with a computer adding color to a new print of the original black and white cartoon. This preserved the quality of the original animation (the end result also resembled the actual color cartoons released around the same time).
The title is a play on words, referring to "pigs feet."
This was the first Schlesinger cartoon directed by Tashlin after his return to the studio following a five-year absence for stints at the Disney and Screen Gems studios. It is also the only appearance of Bugs Bunny, and final appearance of Porky Pig, in a black-and-white cartoon.
Music.
"Porky Pig's Feat" contains the first use of the music "Powerhouse" in a cartoon. Composed by Raymond Scott, "Powerhouse" became iconic through its use in over forty Warner Bros. cartoons. We also hear "Blues in the Night" after Daffy loses the rent money gambling in the elevator.
Plot.
The cartoon centers around Porky Pig and Daffy Duck's attempts to escape the Broken Arms Hotel manager without paying their bill (on which they are charged for every luxury, including breathing air, sunshine, and goodwill).
The hotel manager eventually gets the upper hand and locks them up in a hotel room until they pay up. Winter is approaching, and Daffy is beginning to lose his sanity. Porky (after writing "Porky Loves Petunia" amidst the graffiti on the wall) suggests they call Bugs Bunny for advice. Daffy concurs and calls Bug for advice. While on the phone, Bugs asks Daffy if he's tried various methods of escape, to which Daffy replies that he has. ("Yes, we tried "all" those ways.") The door to the next room opens up and Bugs is seen in shackles. He says, "Ahh, don't work, do they?"
The cartoon irises out, with the "Porky drum" ending.
Availability.
This cartoon is found on Volume 3 of the "Looney Tunes Golden Collection".

</doc>
<doc id="2873268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873268" title="Zemla Intifada">
Zemla Intifada

The Zemla Intifada (or The Zemla Uprising) is the name used to refer to disturbances of June 17, 1970, which culminated in a massacre by Spanish Legion forces in the Zemla district of El Aaiun, Spanish Sahara (nowadays Western Sahara).
Leaders of the hitherto secret organization Harakat Tahrir, among them its founder Muhammad Bassiri, called a demonstration to hand a petition calling for independence and fair treatment for Sahrawis to the Spanish governor-general of the colony, General José María Pérez de Lema y Tejero. They were allowed to read out the petition, but as the demonstration was dispersing, police moved in to arrest its leaders. Demonstrators responded by pushing the policemen away and when the police charged with batons, stone-throwing erupted. The Spanish authorities called in the Spanish Foreign Legion who opened fire on the demonstrators, killing at least eleven and wounding scores. Hundreds of people were arrested.
In the days following the incident, Harakat Tahrir activists, Bassiri among them, were hunted down by Spanish security forces. Bassiri disappeared in jail.
The suppression of the Zemla demonstration pushed the Western Saharan anti-colonial movement into embracing armed struggle. The militant nationalist organization Polisario Front was formed three years later.
June 17 is now commemorated by Polisario supporters in Tindouf, Algeria, and has been used as a reference day for protests in Western Sahara.

</doc>
<doc id="2873285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873285" title="O.F.R. (album)">
O.F.R. (album)

O.F.R. ("Out-Fucking-Rageous") is the 1989 first album by the American glam metal band Nitro. Two singles were released from the album: "Freight Train" and "Long Way From Home". The band became famous for the music video to the former, which featured the guitarist Michael Angelo Batio playing his famous "Quad Guitar". The song "Machine Gunn Eddie" was featured on the soundtrack to the 2009 video game "Brütal Legend".
Track listing.
All songs were written by Michael Angelo Batio and Jim Gillette.

</doc>
<doc id="2873296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873296" title="William H. Upham">
William H. Upham

William Henry Upham (May 3, 1841July 2, 1924) was a soldier, businessman, and politician who served as the 18th Governor of Wisconsin.
Biography.
Upham was born in Westminster, Massachusetts and moved to Racine, Wisconsin, in 1853. He enlisted in the United States Army in 1861 and served during the United States Civil War in the Company "F", of the 2nd Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment called the Belle City Rifles. He was wounded during the First Battle of Bull Run by a bullet passing through his shoulder strap that supported his cartridge box just at the shoulder blade. After going to the field hospital, he was captured by Confederate forces and sent to the converted tobacco barn, Libby Prison along with privates of the Belle City Rifles, F. Lacy, James Anderson, John H. Anderson and Antle Henry. Congressman Alfred Ely from New York was captured along with them. At Libby Prison, he was attended by the Dr. Lewis the 2nd Wisconsin surgeon. His family back home was told that he was killed, since the captain of his company, Captain William Strong saw him shot and reported that he believed him to be dead. Thus back in his hometown of Racine, Wisconsin a funeral was conducted for him. Upham was released in a prisoner exchange in 1862, and repatriated to Washington, D.C., where he was introduced to Pres. Abraham Lincoln at a White House interview arranged by Wisconsin senator James Doolittle. Soon after, Lincoln appointed Upham to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, from which he graduated in 1866, and served in the Army until 1869, having risen to the rank of first lieutenant. While stationed at Fort Monroe, he was detailed as officer of the guard, overseeing the temporary quarters of the then-imprisoned President of the Confederate States of America, Jefferson Davis. In his memoirs, Upham related that he and Davis "usually ... past the hours until after midnight" in conversation, adding, "Mr. Davis was very pleasant and social ... full of reminiscences ... familiar with all parts of Wisconsin, he could tell me the meanings of all the Indian names of the ." Later in his life, Upham was a Grand Army of the Republic officer with the rank of major.
Upham was a businessman in the lumber industry. He served one term as governor of Wisconsin but did not seek reelection.
Some two years after the death of his first wife, Mary Kelly, in 1912, Upham (then 73) undertook a voyage along the Atlantic coast, that was forced by storm to harbor at Beaufort, North Carolina. There he met and married his much younger second wife, Grace Mason, and begat two sons: William H. Upham Jr. (who was a member of Milwaukee Yacht Club until his death) and Fredrick M. Upham, who survived his older sibling. Thus as of mid-2009, both of them were alive, meaning that between the father and his two sons, they lived all of the US history save its first 65 years. This means that children of civil war veterans are still alive.
On August 20, 2009 at age 93, William H. Upham Jr. died in his home in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, due to pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="2873297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873297" title="Strong Island Sound">
Strong Island Sound

The Strong Island Sound were an American Basketball Association team, that played their home games at Suffolk County Community College in Long Island, New York's Suffolk County. The team's head coach was Dytanya Mixon for the 2006-07 and 2007-08 seasons.
The team played off on the intersection of basketball and popular culture — in which "Strong Island" is used as hip hop slang for Long Island — and the neighboring Long Island Sound.
2005-2006 season.
After an inaugural season full of the obstacles typical of a minor league sports season, the Strong Island Sound were eliminated from the ABA Playoffs. Their 10-0 run down the stretch gave them some well earned respect among the growing ABA fan base.
The Sound qualified for the 2006 ABA playoffs as the 13th seed, and defeated the Birmingham Magicians in the first round on Long Island, and the Harlem Strong Dogs in Round 2 in Manhattan. They played in Rochester as one of the "Elite Eight" competing for the 2006 ABA Championship in the Great Eight Tournament. The Sound defeated the top-ranked Indiana Alley Cats, but lost to the Southern California Legends on March 25, 2006, who in turn were defeated by the Rochester Razorsharks in the ABA's 2006 championship game.
2006-2007 season.
In their second season of play, the Strong Island Sound improved their regular season record by four wins, finishing 20-13. During this season former Globetrotter and member of the 2005-06 Sound, Chris Sandy died in a car accident in Finland. He had been playing with Kouvot Kouvola and was rumored to return to the Sound shortly before his death. In honor of Sandy, a major contributor to the final four effort of the 05-06 Sound, the team wore black bands around the shoulder of their uniforms for the remainder of the season. The Sound also retired Sandy's uniform number 22 in his honor. In the first round of the ABA playoffs, the Sound defeated the Quebec City Kebs on the road, 108-97. They went on to lose to the Vermont Frostheaves by a score of 103-75.
2007-2008 season.
In the offseason prior to the 2007-08 ABA season, the Sound confirmed that Head Coach Dytanya Mixon will be returning this year.
The team began the season by winning five of their first six contests before ceasing operations in December 2007. The final game in the franchises history would be a 92-90 victory over the Halifax Rainmen in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The teams collapse was a quick and without warning as co-owners Darren Cioffi and Michelle Wuestman had their financial backers pull out after the costly trip to Halifax. The teams players and coaches were never paid their final weeks salaries and communication between management and the staff was poor at best during this difficult time. Final season record: 5-1

</doc>
<doc id="2873303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873303" title="Eric Kennedy">
Eric Kennedy

Eric V. Kennedy is an American publisher, editor, and media entrepreneur who has launched multiple internationally known magazine titles and websites.
He began his career in 1985, at the age of 19 when he joined the launch of the international consumer publications known as the "duPont REGISTRY" . These publications cater to the interests of Fortune 500 executives, Hollywood actors and entertainers, professional athletes, and the rich and famous from over 50 different countries. Several of the covers are routinely featured on the sets of television shows and movies, such as Tim Allen’s Home Improvement, Warner Bros. Murder at 1600 (starring Wesley Snipes, Alan Alda, and Diane Lane) and Adam Sandler’s Funny People.
At the age of 27, he was appointed as Executive Vice-President and served in subsequent roles: Editor-in-Chief, President of dupontregistry.com, and was a member of the company’s Board of Directors. In these roles, Eric was instrumental in the creation and management of partnerships with noteworthy publishers and business entrepreneurs, including Hugh M. Hefner of Playboy Enterprises, and Wayne Huizenga, who is known for the founding of Waste Management, Blockbuster and his past and current ownership of the Miami Dolphins.
As Editor-in-Chief, he oversaw the "duPont REGISTRY’s" launch of their Gallery of Fine Homes which was recognized in 1995, as one of the 50 most noteworthy launches by Hearst Magazine Enterprises. There were nearly 900 titles launched that year. (Source: Hearst Magazine Enterprises)
After serving the company for over 16 years at the "duPont REGISTRY", he founded "Atlantis Magazine", co-founded "The MOJO Guides" (launched in Tampa Bay, Sarasota, Washington, D.C., and Sydney Australia), The Tampa Bay Fine Wine Guide, AtlantisMagazine.net, and BigDeelio.com.
He has also written and published cover articles on Hollywood actors and films. For example, Daniel Craig in the James Bond series: Casino Royale; “Back to the Beginning of Bond” was featured in "Atlantis Magazine". (Source: IMDB.com: Daniel Craig, Publicity: Cover )

</doc>
<doc id="2873305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873305" title="Stuart Matsikenyeri">
Stuart Matsikenyeri

Stuart Matsikenyeri (born 3 May 1983) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and usually opens the batting for Zimbabwe. Matsikenyeri also bowls part-time right-arm off-break and is a sharp fielder in the gully.
Matsikenyeri was a promising junior player and he represented Zimbabwe at U-16 and U-19 levels. It was thus no surprise when he made his international debut against Pakistan in November 2002, opening the batting. He participated in the 2003 World Cup, although he only played in one game. Later in the year he played in the NatWest Series in England and he scored a crucial 44 at Trent Bridge as Zimbabwe pulled off an upset win.
His strengths are on the cut and pull but he has at times struggled against high quality pace bowling in international cricket, often getting out to loose shots.
In 2006 he spend time out of the side after refusing to sign a new contract with the board. He returned however and went on to bring up his 1000th ODI run for Zimbabwe in early 2007, becoming one of only 4 players in the 2007 World Cup squad to have done so.
Included in the 2007 World Cup squad, he is the only remaining member of the 2003 World Cup Zimbabwe squad.

</doc>
<doc id="2873311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873311" title="Homestead High School (Homestead, Florida)">
Homestead High School (Homestead, Florida)

Homestead High School is a secondary school located at 2351 SE 12 Avenue in Homestead, Florida. It is part of the Miami-Dade County Public Schools district. The principal is Mr. Guillermo Muñoz
Homestead High School is one of two high schools serving a community that includes most of the city of Homestead, Florida City and Leisure City. The high school offers magnet programs including the Academy of International Business, the Academy of Aviation/Aerospace, Academy of Travel and Tourism, an Environmental Horticulture Science and Services program, and a Health Science Education program (one of only three such programs in the state that lead to a Certification in Practical Nursing).
History.
In 1992 Homestead High School was severely damaged by Hurricane Andrew, forcing the school to delay opening for the 1992-1993 school year by two weeks. Most of the families in the surrounding community decided to leave after the hurricane, but a few stayed living in tents, mobile homes, or shared accommodation in other parts of the county. Those students still living in the area were forced to attend other schools in the district that were at times, ten to fifteen miles away.
The damage done to Homestead High School was not significant enough for it to have been demolished. Within a year of the disaster, Homestead High School and nearby South Dade High School (also devastated by Andrew) opened their doors to the still devastated areas welcoming students whose families had not left the area. Since the hurricane, the racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic mix of the community and school has changed mainly due to the building of low income housing in the areas where middle-class homes used to be located.
Demographics.
Homestead High School is 52% Hispanic, 43% Black, 4% White, and 1% Asian.

</doc>
<doc id="2873312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873312" title="Anonymous sex">
Anonymous sex

Anonymous sex is a form of one-night stand or casual sex between people who have very little or no history with each other, often engaging in sexual activity on the same day of their meeting and usually never seeing each other again afterwards. The term "cruising for sex" is used to refer to looking for anonymous sex, usually in specific places where such activity is commonplace. The internet is also a primary vehicle for people setting up anonymous sex. Anonymous sex is sometimes considered to be a form of prostitution when it involves an exchange of money or drugs for sex.
Some people engage in anonymous sex because of the thrill of the act.
Risks.
Anonymous sex is one of the highest-risk sexual activities, both as the sexual history of both partners are unknown to the other, and also because those engaging in anonymous sex are more likely to have had a large number of partners.

</doc>
<doc id="2873318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873318" title="Patricia Roush">
Patricia Roush

Patricia 'Pat' Roush is an American activist who has pioneered the issue of international child abduction and has been at the forefront of this issue as it relates to Saudi Arabia.
Background.
Roush's own daughters, Alia and Aisha, were kidnapped by their non-custodial Saudi father, and were never returned to the United States. They are now grown, but remain in the Kingdom due to its ban on women traveling without a male guardian's permission. Reportedly they are now both married as a result of arranged marriages and have children of their own.
She has testified to the United States Congress to advocate more be done to repatriate kidnapped children. 
She has sought help from the U.S. government, and believes it has largely let her down; however, she cites former Saudi Ambassador Ray Mabus and U.S. Rep. Dan Burton (R-CA) as individuals who have been particularly supportive. She has also written a book titled At Any Price, which details her experience with the Saudi government.

</doc>
<doc id="2873332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873332" title="Zach Parise">
Zach Parise

Zachary Justin Parise (born July 28, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey left winger of French-Canadian heritage, an alternate captain for the Minnesota Wild in the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the New Jersey Devils, where he served as team captain. Parise's father, J. P. Parisé, was a professional ice hockey player who played for Team Canada at the 1972 Summit Series, and his brother Jordan Parise is a professional hockey goaltender.
Parise played midget AAA hockey for Shattuck-St. Mary's in Faribault, Minnesota, before spending two seasons at the University of North Dakota, where he was twice nominated for the Hobey Baker Award, given to the top college ice hockey player in America. He was drafted by the Devils 17th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft and turned pro after his sophomore season, spending one year playing for the Albany River Rats of the American Hockey League (AHL). Parise joined the Devils for the 2005–06 season. Parise's best NHL season was in 2008–09, when he was the league's third leading goal scorer (45) behind Jeff Carter with 46 and league leader Alexander Ovechkin with 56, while ranking fifth among all NHL players in points with 94.
Internationally, Parise has represented the United States at several different events. He helped the Americans win a gold medal at the 2004 World Junior Championships, where he was named the tournament's Most Valuable Player and Best Forward and earned a spot on the Tournament All-Star Team. Parise was an alternate captain for the American team at the 2010 Winter Olympics, and scored the tying goal late in the gold medal game against Canada to send it to overtime. Parise and his teammates won a silver medal. After the tournament, Parise was named to the Tournament All-Star Team. Parise was also named captain for the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Playing career.
Amateur.
Parise played midget AAA hockey for four seasons for the Shattuck-St. Mary's Sabres in Faribault, Minnesota, where his father J. P. worked in the hockey program. During his final two years (2000–01 and 2001–02) at Shattuck-St.Mary's, he scored 146 goals and 194 assists in 125 games. While playing for the Sabres, Parise twice participated in the Mac's AAA Hockey Tournament held in Calgary, Alberta. In 2000 and 2001, he was named the tournament Most Valuable Player (MVP) as well as being named to the tournament All-Star Team. He was the top scorer at the 2001 tournament. After his senior year at Shattuck-St. Mary's, Parise was named the school's Best All-Around Athlete.
Parise played NCAA hockey for the University of North Dakota (UND) starting with the 2002–03 season. In his first game with UND, Parise scored three goals, becoming only the second freshman to record a hat trick since 1988. During his freshman season at UND, Parise led the NCAA in rookie scoring (26 goals and 35 assists), and finished 8th in the national scoring race. He captured a number of awards during the season, including being named the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA) Rookie of the Week 4 times, and WCHA Offensive Player of the Week once. After the season he was named a finalist for the Hobey Baker Award, he was the only freshman nominated that year, and the first UND freshman nominee ever. Parise was named UND's Male Rookie Athlete of the Year after the 2002–03 season. In addition to these honors, Parise was named to the WCHA All-Rookie Team and the All-WCHA Third Team. Parise was also named the recipient of the Jeff Anderson Hockey Scholarship, given to the MVP as voted by his teammates.
After his freshman season, Parise was eligible for the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. Heading into the draft, he was ranked as the 9th best North American skater by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau. Heading into the draft, teams had concerns about his size, but were impressed by his skill and work ethic. At the draft, the New Jersey Devils traded to obtain the 17th overall pick from the Edmonton Oilers and used it to select Parise.
Parise returned to UND for his sophomore season after being drafted. Along with teammates Brandon Bochenski, Matt Smaby and Drew Stafford, Parise helped The University of North Dakota to the MacNaughton Cup as the WCHA Regular Season Champions. Parise was named a First Team All-American after the season. He was named as one of the 10 nominees for the Hobey Baker Award, and was one of three finalists, losing out to eventual winner Junior Lessard. Parise was also named to the All-WCHA Academic Team, and the WCHA All-Tournament Team. After his sophomore season, Parise was named as the winner of the Cliff (Fido) Purpur Award, awarded by the coaching staff to the player who exemplifies "the characteristics of Purpur, a former UND coach, of hard work, determination and being a creator of excitement on the ice."
Professional.
After his sophomore season at UND, Parise chose to forego his final two years of NCAA eligibility to sign a professional contract with the Devils. He signed an entry-level contract with the Devils on March 29, 2004. Due to the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Parise spent his first professional season in the American Hockey League with the Albany River Rats. In his first professional season, Parise scored 18 goals and added 40 assists. He was chosen to play in the 2004–05 AHL All-Star Game.
Parise made his debut in the NHL at the start of the 2005–06 season. In his rookie year, Parise played in all but one game, totaling 14 goals and 18 assists for 32 points. He became just the 12th player for the Devils to score a goal in his first NHL game. Parise scored his first career playoff goal against the New York Rangers in game three of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals.
To open the following season, Parise set a franchise record for scoring the quickest season-opening goal, 26 seconds into the first game. For the season, he nearly doubled his scoring output of the previous season, totaling 62 points. Parise was chosen to play in the NHL YoungStars Game during the All-Star weekend, where he scored two goals and four assists and was named the game's MVP. Heading into the 2007–08 season, Parise and the Devils agreed to terms on a new, 4-year contract on August 1, 2007. Parise led the Devils in scoring during the 2007–08 season with 65 points. On November 30, 2007, in a game against the Montreal Canadiens, Parise got his first NHL natural hat trick.
On October 3, 2008, Parise was named an alternate captain for the Devils. Parise had a breakout season during his 4th year in the NHL, which saw the Devils increase their scoring output by nearly half a goal per game, breaking away from the team's image as a mostly defensive team. While playing in all 82 games, Parise scored 45 goals and added 49 assists for 94 points. Parise finished 5th overall in league scoring, and was 3rd in goal scoring, behind only Alexander Ovechkin and Jeff Carter. During the season, Parise was selected to represent the Eastern Conference at the 2008–09 NHL All-Star Game. After the season, Parise was chosen as one of three nominees for the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy. He was also chosen to the NHL's Second All-Star Team,
and named the Devils team MVP.
During the 2009–10 season, Parise played in 81 games for the Devils, finishing with 38 goals and 44 assists.
Parise struggled at times, going 12 games without scoring at one point before recording two goals against the Atlanta Thrashers on December 28, 2009. During the playoffs, Parise and the Devils were eliminated in the Eastern Conference Quarter-Finals by the Philadelphia Flyers in five games. Parise scored one goal and added three assists in the five playoff games. At the end of the season, Parise was selected as the Devils team MVP, for the second year in a row.
In November of the 2010–11 season, Parise tore the meniscus in his right knee, underwent surgery and was deemed to be likely out for the remainder of the season. On March 2, 2011, Parise was cleared to start skating and returned to play on April 2, the same night the Devils were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention.
On July 29, 2011, Parise signed a 1-year contract worth $6 million with the Devils. On October 5, 2011, the Devils named him captain. Parise became the second captain in Devils history (the other being Scott Stevens) to lead them to the Stanley Cup Finals. The Devils were down 0-3 in the series before finally losing in 6 games at the hands of the Los Angeles Kings.
Minnesota Wild.
On July 4, 2012, after becoming an unrestricted free agent, Parise signed a 13-year contract worth US$98 million with the Minnesota Wild. The move represented a homecoming for Parise, who grew up in the Twin Cities and whose father J. P. Parise once captained the Minnesota North Stars. Parise joined fellow free-agent signee Ryan Suter in signing with the Wild; Suter signed on terms identical to Parise's deal. Parise will wear number 11 with the Wild, the same number that his father J. P. wore with the North Stars, as number 9 was already taken by team captain Mikko Koivu. Both Parise and Suter were named alternate captains for the Wild on July 10.
Parise scored 18 goals along with 20 assists during the lockout shortened 2012-13 NHL Season as the Wild qualified for the 2013 Stanley Cup Playoffs as the 8th seed in the Western Conference, losing to the eventual Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks in five games in the opening round. Parise scored one goal during the series.
On March 20th, 2014, Parise returned to the Prudential Center for the first time since leaving the New Jersey Devils in the 2012 off-season. Parise was booed 
every time he skated with the puck. When interviewed after the game, Parise stated that he was glad it was over. 
International.
Although Parise's father J. P. played internationally for Canada during his hockey career, Zach and his brother Jordan are American citizens. Parise's international career started at the Under-18 level, where he played for the United States during the 2002 IIHF World U18 Championships. Parise finished the tournament 14th overall in scoring with 7 goals and 3 assists in 8 games and the United States won the gold medal.
Parise next represented the United States at the Under-20 level, playing at the 2003 World Junior Championships. Team USA finished in fourth place and Parise scored 4 goals and added 4 assists to finish 8th in tournament scoring. The following year, at the 2004 World Junior Championships, Parise led the Americans to their first ever gold medal at the tournament. He scored 5 goals and added 6 assists and was awarded the Tournament MVP, Best Forward and was named to the Tournament All-Star Team.
In 2005 and 2007, Parise played for the United States at the World Hockey Championships, although he did not suit up for the full slate of games in either event. In 2008, Parise served as an alternate captain for the American team at the World Championships. He was named Team USA's Player of the Game against Germany during this tournament, and he was also selected as one of the team's Top Three Players at the end of the tournament by the coaching staff.
On January 1, 2010, Parise was named to the 2010 Men's Olympic Hockey Team, and was later named as one of the team's alternate captains. Parise scored both of Team USA's goals in 2–0 quarterfinal win over Switzerland. In the final against Canada, Parise scored a game-tying goal with 24 seconds left in the 3rd period to send the game into overtime, although Parise and his teammates had to settle for the silver medal after a Sidney Crosby goal during overtime. For the tournament, Parise finished third in the tournament in scoring, and he was named to the Olympic All-Star team with countrymen Ryan Miller and Brian Rafalski. In 2014, Parise was again selected to represent his country at the Olympics, and was given the added responsibility of serving as team captain. Parise and the United States capped off their 2014 Winter Olympics campaign with a 5-0 loss to Finland in the Bronze Medal game.
Personal life.
Parise's older brother Jordan is a goaltender who has played in the Devils system in the past. He is sponsored by Easton Hockey. Parise gives his time to New Jersey's public library system, and serves as a Library Champion, a program which promotes the importance of reading to children.
Parise resides in Orono, Minnesota. He is married to his college sweetheart Alisha Woods. Parise's parents Jean-Paul Parisé and Donna live in Prior Lake, Minnesota. Parise's father is a Franco-Ontarian from Smooth Rock Falls in Northern Ontario. Zach was born during his father's tenure as assistant coach of the Minnesota North Stars.
Career statistics.
International statistics.
"Statistics source"

</doc>
<doc id="2873334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873334" title="Vanimo">
Vanimo

Vanimo is the capital of Sandaun Province in Papua New Guinea. It is located on a peninsula close to the border with Indonesia.
Vanimo is a small township with an economy based around the timber industry. Logging company Vanimo Forest Products, which is owned by Malaysian company Rimbunan Hijau, is the chief employer.
Vanimo is known to be a great surfing destination. It has a reputation of having the most consistent waves in Papua New Guinea. Surfing season is mid October through to late April.
Vanimo also is a popular destination for foreign workers in Papua/Indonesia who need to leave the country in order to renew their visas. In this case they come over for a day to visit the Indonesian consulate, stay in one of the hotels along the "sundaun-road" and head back to the border 24 hours later.
The boardriders' club at Lido Village were the subject of a report on Australia's "Dateline" current affairs program.

</doc>
<doc id="2873335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873335" title="Mid-South Grizzlies v. National Football League">
Mid-South Grizzlies v. National Football League

Mid-South Grizzlies v. NFL 550 F.Supp. 558 (1982), 720 F. 2d 772 (3rd Cir.1983), was a lawsuit filed by John F. Bassett, the owner of the World Football League's Memphis Grizzlies against the National Football League claiming that the NFL violated the antitrust laws by refusing to admit his club to their league.
The court found that the NFL had not acquired or maintained its monopoly power unlawfully and that the refusal to expand to Memphis did not contribute to its maintenance. It further elaborated that such refusal was actually procompetitive because it left the Memphis area open to rival leagues. By the time the lawsuit had settled, Bassett had gone on to found the Tampa Bay Bandits of the United States Football League, while Memphis received the Memphis Showboats of the same league. As such, the case effectively became moot. (Incidentally, the USFL would go on to file a much more famous antitrust suit against the NFL a few years later, which was also unsuccessful.)

</doc>
<doc id="2873345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873345" title="Shire of Bridgetown-Greenbushes">
Shire of Bridgetown-Greenbushes

The Shire of Bridgetown-Greenbushes is a local government area in the South West region of Western Australia, about southeast of Bunbury and about south of the state capital, Perth. The Shire covers an area of , and its seat of government is the town of Bridgetown.
History.
The Nelson Road Board (renamed to Bridgetown Road Board in 1917) was gazetted in 1887, while the Greenbushes Road Board was gazetted in 1900. On 1 July 1961, they both became shires following changes to the Local Government Act. On 26 March 1970 the two shires were merged.
Wards.
The shire is divided into four wards.

</doc>
<doc id="2873347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873347" title="Pinnacle Foods">
Pinnacle Foods

Pinnacle Foods Group LLC is a packaged foods company headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey, owned by Blackstone Group; it specializes in the shelf stable and frozen food categories.
The company was founded in 1998 as Vlasic Foods International, acquiring the Swanson TV dinners, Open Pit and Vlasic Pickles brands from the Campbell Soup Company. In 2003, it acquired Aurora Foods, based in St. Louis, Missouri. The Blackstone Group bought Pinnacle Foods in 2007. In 2009, Pinnacle Foods acquired Birds Eye Foods, Inc.
History.
Aurora Foods was founded by Ian Wilson, a former executive with Coca-Cola and Dole, in 1995. Wilson used the company to purchase the Van de Kamp seafood brand from Pillsbury and several other brands as the years progressed. These brands were in many cases market leaders, but the parent companies no longer considered them a part of their core marketing strategy, and refused to spend any more money on new marketing and development.
In 2001, Wilson and other Aurora executives pleaded guilty to securities fraud for misrepresenting the company's financial statements. Wilson was sentenced to 33 months in prison and was fined US$1 million.
In 2000, Jim Smith, a former executive with ConAgra, was named CEO and was charged with restoring Aurora Foods to health. He remained until 2002, which set events in motion leading to Aurora's acquisition. After the 2003 merger with Pinnacle Foods, Pinnacle closed the St. Louis offices, moving its operation to Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
In 2007, Pinnacle Foods was acquired by Blackstone Group, a New York City-based private equity firm for $2.16 billion.
In 2009, Pinnacle Foods acquired Birds Eye Foods, Inc. adding a mix of frozen and specialty brands to its portfolio.
In 2013, Pinnacle Foods' Parsippany office was named Inc. Magazine's World's Coolest Office.
In 2013, Pinnacle Foods had its IPO on the New York Stock Exchange raising approximately $580 million for its owners, private equity group, Blackstone Group. Shares began trading under the ticker symbol PF on 4 April 2013 at the upper range of its offering, $20 per share, thereby valuing Pinnacle Foods with a market capitalization of $2.3 billion.
Pinnacle Foods is headquartered in Parsippany, NJ and is a Top 1000 Company ranked on Fortune Magazine's 2011 Top 1000 companies list.
In May 2014, Hillshire Brands announced it was buying Pinnacle Foods for $4.23 billion in a cash and stock deal. Hillshire Brands portfolio includes Jimmy Dean, Ball Park, and Sara Lee among many others.
On June 30, 2014, it was announced that Pinnacle Foods had scrapped its sale to Hillshire Brands, which would allow 
Hillshire to be acquired by Tyson Foods. Pinnacle will receive a $163 million payment as part of the breakup from Hillshire, and Pinnacle will also receive an expected $25 million in one-time costs connected to the scotched sale.

</doc>
<doc id="2873358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873358" title="Zarcero">
Zarcero

Zarcero is the capital city of the canton of Zarcero in the province of Alajuela in Costa Rica. It is also the name of the distrito (district) that includes the city. The district of Zarcero covers an area of 12.01 km², and has a population of 4,277.
Geography.
The city lies at an elevation of 1,736 meters above sea level in the Cordillera Central (Central Mountain Range) of Costa Rica, 50 kilometers northwest of the provincial capital city of Alajuela and 27 kilometers southeast of Ciudad Quesada.
Zarcero, known for its brisk mountain climate, lies in a dairy and agricultural area also noted for the local enterprises that practice organic farming. Distinctive jams, cheese and other dairy products are among the items produced.
History.
Zarcero was granted the title of "ciudad" (city) by a law on July 24, 1918.
Places of interest.
Parque Francisco Alvarado: The park sits in front of the church at the town center. It is noted for its topiary garden produced and maintained by Evangelisto Blanco since the 1960s. Shrubs in the park have been trimmed into the shapes of various animals, including some that are quite abstract and bizarre.
Iglesia de San Rafael: Zarcero's pink and blue church was constructed in 1895. The interior features very nice paintings of the stations of the cross. Materials for the construction of the church are not what they seem. Columns are painted to look like marble, and the exterior is metal siding, not brick as it appears.

</doc>
<doc id="2873362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873362" title="Woodrow Wilson Classical High School">
Woodrow Wilson Classical High School

Woodrow Wilson Classical High School is a secondary school in Long Beach, California. It is part of the Long Beach Unified School District and opened in 1926.
Overview.
Woodrow Wilson Classical High School was established in 1925 as the second school in the city, and ultimately opened for classes in 1926.
In 2005 Woodrow Wilson High School was recognized as a California Distinguished School for the second time. The school is a "classical" high school, in that it exceeds LBUSD standards and requires additional credits in order to graduate. Former Wilson students and their teacher Erin Gruwell also inspired the movie "Freedom Writers", that was made of the collected diaries of the students.
Wilson/Whitney InvenTeam.
In April 2009, the Wilson Engineering Club received a $10,000 grant from the Lemelson-MIT InvenTeam program. They invented a wind power generation system for semi-tractor trailer trucks. The wind turbine, installed on the roof of the truck's cab, will generate electricity while the truck is in motion, and then store that electricity in a battery system for use when the truck is parked. The goal of the project is to provide truck drivers the ability to meet the parked power needs of their cabs without having to idle their engines and burn fossil fuels.
References.
Tim Shaw, Olympic Swimmer (1976) and member of water polo team (1984)

</doc>
<doc id="2873367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873367" title="Associated Electrics">
Associated Electrics

"The acronym TC5 redirects here. For the American rock band, see The Click Five."
Associated Electrics, Incorporated of Lake Forest, California is one of the world's leading manufacturers of radio controlled cars, trucks and accessories. Associated Electrics is now owned by Thunder Tiger Corporation from Taiwan. The company is usually referred to as Team Associated.
Early history.
The company was founded in 1964 by Roger Curtis and Lee Yurada, technicians at the Douglas Aerophysics Laboratory in nearby El Segundo, California. Slot cars were at the height of their popularity in Southern California at the time, so Curtis and Yurada decided to open a slot car track as a side business. Their experience in fabricating aircraft parts soon led them into producing slot car parts and accessories. So successful was the venture that it turned into a full-time business which they named Associated Electrics. The new company specialized in the manufacturing of a full line of slot car parts, chassis and accessories.
The business had grown by 1969 and was located in a small building in Paramount. Personal issues arose between Curtis and Yurada, leading Curtis to approach early RC racer Gene Husting in hopes that Husting would buy Yurada's share of Associated. The popularity of slot cars was on the wane, but Husting was certain that radio control would flourish as the technology grew. Almost as if in anticipation of the fact, Associated had just introduced a 1:8-scale gas-powered racer, the RC1. Designed by Mike Morrisey, it soon became the most successful car on the circuit. Husting agreed to the buyout in 1970. Still a small business, Associated had only six employees: Husting, Curtis, Husting's wife Midge, and three others.
Radio control takes off.
In 1971, Associated moved to Santa Ana, California where they began production of the Husting-designed RC100. In 1977, the first IFMAR race at Pomona's Thorp Raceway (later to become the Ranch Pit Stop, temporary home of Team Losi) saw the first five places swept by the RC100.
Industry develops along with the RC12.
Associated would double in size thanks to Roger's next design, the 1:12-scale RC12 electric onroad racer, debuted in 1978. Simpler and far less expensive than the gas powered RC100, the RC12 is credited for much of the hobby's growth as a sport. 
Expansion into Reedy electric motors.
As electric racing continued to grow, 1980 would see one of Associated's most important partnerships come to fruition when electrical engineer and avid R/C racer Mike Reedy joined Associated. Reedy's development of Yokomo-based motors and carefully matched battery packs led Associated's dominance of electric racing. Reedy-powered cars are credited with 28 IFMAR World Championships to date, the most of any R/C motor manufacturer.
The RC10 generates a new phase of expansion.
Roger Curtis's 1984 design of a serious 1:10-scale electric offroad car not only led to explosive growth within the company, but within the world of R/C racing as well. This new vehicle was the now-famous Associated RC10 buggy. Built on a 6061 aircraft alloy chassis, the new car was, unlike its Japanese counterparts of the time, a serious offroad racing machine. Another 1-2-3 IFMAR sweep would follow in 1985 at the first 1:10 Offroad IFMAR World Championships. The RC10, possibly more than any R/C vehicle before or since, is credited with making the single biggest impact on radio control racing. The success of the RC10 forced Associated to move to a larger facility, which they found in Costa Mesa in 1987.
That same year, professional racer Cliff Lett joined Associated to head the research and development department. This department, consisting of Lett, Roger Curtis and Husting's son, Curtis, were responsible for the RC10 cars that won the IFMAR World Championships in 1989 in Australia, and in 1991 in Detroit. The success of the RC10 coupled with other cars of the time, namely the RC12LW, the RC10L, RC10LSS and the RC10T kept production going for five years and prompted the necessity of extending their building in Costa Mesa.
Gene Husting helped develop cars for Associated until 2000, when he retired. He is responsible for the lineup up to the RC10B3, RC10T3, TC3 and GT RTRs. Five years after his retirement, the company introduced an entirely new line of offroad racers with the introduction the 1:18 scale electric RC18T and RC18MT miniature trucks. In 2006, with 20 IFMAR victories in all, Team Associated is the world's "winningest" RC car manufacturer. Reedy motors, a division of Associated, has powered 23 IFMAR World Champions.
R&D manager and world-class driver Cliff Lett broke the RC land speed record of more than 111 mph (179 km/h) with a heavily modified Associated RC10L3 touring car at Irwindale Speedway on January 13, 2001.
A modified RC10 with an off-the-shelf Parma International 1963 Chevrolet Corvette body was used in the famous chase scene in the 1988 motion picture, "The Dead Pool". In it, Clint Eastwood as Dirty Harry is being pursued through the streets of San Francisco, California by a highly explosive bomb disguised as an RC car. The "bomb" was actually driven by IFMAR world-champion race driver Jay Halsey. The car was in fact an electric; the sounds of a nitro-powered engine were added in post-production.
New Ownership.
In 2005, an announcement was made that Associated Electrics would be purchased by Thunder Tiger, a Taiwanese RC model manufacturer. [http://www.rc10.com/misc/thunder_tiger_announcement.htm]
Thunder Tiger expressed hope that the buyout of Associated would make it the fourth largest RC model merchant in the world, following the three leaders at that time (in order) Tamiya, Kyosho, and Futaba/OS. [http://www.ettoday.com/2005/04/07/185-1774551.htm]
Off shoots & Conversions.
Team Associated cars have inspired various conversion from small companies. Several offroad buggies have been developed from the TC3 chassis, most notably the TC3 'o', the Durango range, and recently (and most successfully) JConcepts with their BJ4 and Worlds-winning BJ4 'Worlds'.
All these cars are based around the TC3's solid transmission, which uses two bevel-geared differentials (or "diffs"), with a prop shaft connecting them. On the BJ4, JConcepts used AE diff cases and diffs, and modified the shaft to include a slipper unit. Since then, JConcepts has updated the BJ4 to the Worlds-winning 'Worlds' edition. In Summer 2006, JConcepts "turned the drawings over to Team Associated, which took over and fine-tuned the design for fit and finish" (RC Driver magazine, Dec. 2007). The Associated B44 debuted at the 2007 EP Off-Road World Championships, where it not only qualified on top, but took all three podium positions.
X-Factory, creators of the X-5 4WD Team Losi conversion, released the X-6 conversion kit which converts the B4 Buggy into a mid-motor 4x2 cell configuration chassis.
In the onroad scene, the Associated RC12 series of cars have long been a base for other manufacturers. The unique front suspension from the RC12L3 (and updated on the RC12L4) has become industry standard and is now featured on the majority of competitive 1:12-scale racing chassis.

</doc>
<doc id="2873368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873368" title="For Your Consideration (film)">
For Your Consideration (film)

For Your Consideration is a 2006 comedy film directed by Christopher Guest. It was co-written by Guest and Eugene Levy, and both also star in the film.
The title is a phrase used in trade advertisements to promote films for honors such as the Academy Awards. The plot revolves around three actors (played by Catherine O'Hara, Parker Posey, and Harry Shearer) who learn that their performances in the film they haven't even completed yet, "Home for Purim", a drama set in the mid-1940s American South, are supposedly generating a great deal of award-season buzz.
Many of the cast return from "This Is Spinal Tap", "Waiting for Guffman", "Best in Show", and "A Mighty Wind", including Levy, O'Hara, Posey, Shearer, Michael McKean, Fred Willard, Bob Balaban, Jennifer Coolidge, Jane Lynch, Ed Begley, Jr., Michael Hitchcock, John Michael Higgins and Jim Piddock.
Ricky Gervais, the co-creator of the British television series "The Office," also appears, while John Krasinski, Richard Kind, Scott Adsit, and Sandra Oh make brief cameos. Though the dialogue is largely improvised by the actors as in Guest's earlier films, the format is a departure from the mockumentary style.
The film received its World Premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2006. It was produced by Warner Independent Pictures in association with Castle Rock Entertainment and Shangri-La Entertainment.
Plot.
Character actress Marilyn Hack (O'Hara), despite having been in the industry for 30 years, is best known for playing a blind prostitute in a film from the late 1980s. Victor Allen Miller (Shearer) is also an acting veteran who is known to the public as the hot-dog wearing mascot for a kosher line of frankfurters. Together they are cast in a new film called "Home for Purim" as the patriarch and dying matriarch of a Southern U.S. Jewish family in the 1940s.
A newcomer ingenue, Callie Webb (Posey), plays their lesbian daughter, who has come home along with her girlfriend (Rachael Harris). Rounding out the cast is Brian Chubb (Christopher Moynihan), playing Webb's brother who has returned home from the Navy. The family reunites in time to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Purim.
"Home for Purim"'s cast and crew are in the process of making what appears to be a low-budget melodrama. The director (Guest) is constantly adding bizarre camera shots and acting notes. The producer (Coolidge), a diaper service heir, dresses flamboyantly but doesn't seem to know much about managing a film beyond paying for expenses. The two writers are at odds with the director, seeing their script mash together Southern genteel with out-of-place Jewish references and words.
The film-within-a-film's plot centers around the daughter's confession of her lesbianism as her mother gets nearer to death and the family celebrates an awkward Purim. Because of an off-hand remark that turns into a full-blown rumor, Oscar buzz begins around all of the cast (with the exception of Chubb). Each begins obsessing about the award potential in his or her own way.
Hack pretends not to care while secretly pining for the award. Miller begins to demand a higher salary and more dignified work. Webb breaks up with Chubb (her boyfriend), claiming he is not being supportive. He is virtually left in the dark. The obnoxious entertainment news program "Hollywood Now" and its hosts (Fred Willard and Jane Lynch) fuel the awards-season buzz, as well as revealing other contenders for the top prizes.
At this point, studio executives butt in and force the writers to make script changes, feeling the film is "too Jewish." It is retitled "Home for Thanksgiving". Despite the changes, the Oscar buzz intensifies to the point where Hack, Miller, and Webb are convinced they will be nominated for Academy Awards.
They all begin to do major press appearances for the film. These are often embarrassing, both for the actors and the movie audience. Miller appears on a hip-hop teen show called "Chillaxin"' in youthful attire with capped teeth, a tan, and dyed blonde hair. Hack gets breast implants and extensive plastic surgery to the point where her face is comically ecstatic. Callie goes on an L.A. shock-jock radio show, only to field questions about topless scenes rather than her performance.
Ultimately the only person nominated for an award is Chubb, the one person for whom there was no buzz at all. (He sleeps in on the morning of the announcement of the nominations.) Miller goes back to auditioning for food commercials and other infomercials for useless products. Webb revives her failed one-woman show, "No Penis Intended". Hack (after a drunken, explosive rant on "Hollywood Now") becomes an acting teacher and seems uncomfortably at peace with her mediocre career.
Reception.
Based on 158 reviews collected by the film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, 50% of critics gave "For Your Consideration" a positive review, with an average rating of 5.8/10. Leonard Maltin gave the film three stars, describing it as "uncanny in its dead-on parodies of TV and radio talk shows and other follies of show business”.
Catherine O'Hara won the National Board of Review's Best Supporting Actress award and was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award in the category of Best Female Lead. O'Hara's performance earned many good reviews, spurring for a short time rumors that, in an ironic twist, she could be nominated for an Academy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2873370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873370" title="Manurewa Railway Station">
Manurewa Railway Station

Manurewa Railway Station is on the Southern Line of the Auckland railway network. The station has a side platform layout connected by a pedestrian footbridge. Access is from both Selwyn Road and SouthMall Shopping Centre.
The station has a large park-and-ride facility and interchange with many local bus services.
Bus transfers.
Transfers to the following bus services can be made at the bus stops on Manurewa Interchange:

</doc>
<doc id="2873384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873384" title="Headpins">
Headpins

Headpins are a Canadian rock group, founded as a side project in the late 1970s by then Chilliwack members Ab Bryant and Brian MacLeod. Macleod was impressed by the vocal talents of Vancouver rock singer Denise McCann, and asked her to join his new venture. Originally, Matt Frenette played drums for The Headpins while Bernie Aubin played drums for fellow Vancouver band Loverboy but, within months, Aubin and Frenette swapped bands where each continues to play to the present. The Headpins began gigging around the Vancouver area throughout 1980, quickly building a fan base. McCann left at the end of that first year, and MacLeod brought in Darby Mills to provide lead vocals. 
They achieved their height of popularity in 1982 and 1983, with songs such as "Don't It Make Ya Feel" (Sample "Don't It..." here) and "Just One More Time". Soon after, Darby Mills was replaced by Chrissy Steele. Later, Steele went on to make her own band with MacLeod and signed with Chrysalis Records, although the outfit was soon dropped by the label. She ended up having two hits, "Love You 'Til It Hurts" and the ballad, "Love Don't Last Forever." 
Headpins continue to perform live with Darby, Ab and Bernie from the classic 80's line-up. 
Biography.
Originally formed by Brian MacLeod and Ab Bryant as a sort of 'side project' from Chilliwack in 1980, the group's earliest beginnings included drummer Matt Frenette, ex of Streetheart and Randy Bachman's wife Denise McCann, who had enjoyed a moderately successful disco career a few years earlier on vocals. The Pins and Loverboy swapped drummers, and Frenette was gone and Bernie Aubin was in, who incidentally co-wrote Loverboy's "The Kid Is Hot Tonite". 
Before the end of the year however, it was decided that McCann wasn't right for the job of translating MacLeod's musical vision and was replaced by Darby Mills, already a seasoned session worker and singer of Steelback, a group closer to what MacLeod had in mind than McCann's disco background.
They continued playing the Vancouver area and won a local radio station's 'battle of the bands' competition in 1981. CFOX's album later that year featured two of their tracks, a live version of "Breakin' Down" and "When A Man Loves a Woman", their only recorded cover. Even while still negotiating a record deal their impact was immediate. The band's live magnetism was rivalled by few and they soon became one of the hottest commodities on the West Coast, beginning with their first show in hometown Vancouver backing up Pat Travers and Blackmore's Rainbow.
They inked a deal with independent Solid Gold Records before year's end and went into Vancouver's Little Mountain Studios, coming out with Turn It Loud in the spring of 1982. Co-produced by Bill Henderson, Bryant and Macleod's Chilliwack-mate, the record would turn platinum just a few short months later. The debut would go on to sell over a quarter-million copies in Canada alone and be certified double platinum, making it one of the most successful debut albums by a Canadian group ever. Macleod's and Bryant's prior commitments to Chilliwack allowed them to only tour part of the schedule, while Mills and Aubin carried on with replacements Darcy MacDonald on guitars and bassist Dave Reimer.
After touring the majority of the planet, they returned to Little Mountain Studios and immediately began work on the follow-up Line Of Fire, released in 1983. Backed by the singles, "Feel It (Feel My Body)" and "Don't Stand In The Line Of Fire", it became the band's second straight platinum certified records. An extended tour ensued, seeing the band on every major event in North America and Europe, including dates with the likes of Kiss, Billy Squier, Helix, Black 'N Blue, Streetheart, Quiet Riot and Whitesnake. 
Nearly two years would pass before the Headpins would emerge from the studios again. The result was Head Over Heels. Again the band enjoyed sales of nearly 100,000 copies at home alone, making "Head Over Heels" their third straight album certified gold or better. 
The band went into hiatus for the next couple of years, with each member venturing out to do outside projects, including Mills' 1991 solo effort Never Look Back. The rock world was saddened the next year, when Brian "Too Loud" MacLeod lost his bout with cancer. The group reformed later that decade; re-issues of "Turn It Loud" and "Line Of Fire" came courtesy of Solid Gold in late 2000 and 2002, respectively. Wounded Bird would re-issue "Turn It Loud" in the U.S. in 2006.
In 2001 the band announced the addition of Tony Dellacroce as their new guitarist. Originally from Ontario, ON, he had previously toured with Jerry Doucette and Lee Aaron and gained a reputation cross-country as one of Canada's brightest young stars. Soon thereafter, the band added second guitarist Alfie Galpin to the mix.
In 2002, the 14-song "The Complete Greatest Hits" was released spanning all 3 of the band's records, as well as the videos for "Just One More Time" and "Don't It Make Ya Feel".

</doc>
<doc id="2873387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873387" title="Sales comparison approach">
Sales comparison approach

The sales comparison approach (SCA) is one of the three major groupings of valuation methods, called the three approaches to value, commonly used in real estate appraisal. This approach compares a subject property's characteristics with those of comparable properties which have recently sold in similar transactions. The process uses one of several techniques to adjust the prices of the comparable transactions according to the presence, absence, or degree of characteristics which influence value. As such, all sales comparison approach methods are variations on hedonic-type measurements, which determine the value of something as the sum of the value of the various components which contribute utility.
Units of Comparison.
The SCA relies on the assumption that a matrix of attributes or significant features of a property drive its value. For examples, in the case of a single family residence, such attributes might be floor area, views, location, number of bathrooms, lot size, age of the property and condition of property.
Economic Basis.
The sales comparison approach is based upon the principles of supply and demand, as well as upon the principle of substitution. Supply and demand indicates value through typical market behavior of both buyers and sellers. Substitution indicates that a purchaser would not purchase an improved property for any value higher than it could be replaced for on a site with equivalent utility, assuming no undue delays in construction.
Examples of Methods.
In practice, the most common SCA method used by estate agents and real estate appraisers is the sales adjustment grid. It uses a small number of recently sold properties in the immediate vicinity of the subject property to estimate the value of its attributes. Adjustments to the comparables may be determined by trend analysis, matched-pairs analysis, or simple surveys of the market.
More advanced researchers and appraisers commonly employ statistical techniques based on multiple regression methods which generally compare a larger number of more geographically dispersed property transactions to determine the significance and magnitude of the impact of different attributes on property value. Research has shown that the sales adjustment grid and the multiple regression model are theoretically the same, with the former applying more heuristic methods and the latter using statistical techniques.
Spatial auto regression plagues these statistical techniques, since high priced properties tend to cluster together and therefore one property price is not independent of its neighbor. Given property inflation and price cycles, both comparison techniques can become unreliable if the time interval between transactions sampled is excessive. The other factor undermining a simplistic use of the SCA is the evolving nature of city neighborhoods, though in reality urban evolution occurs gradually enough to minimize its impact on this approach to value.
In more complex situations, such as litigation or contaminated property appraisal, appraisers develop SCA adjustments using widely accepted advanced techniques, such as repeat sales models (to measure house price appreciation over time), survey research (e.g. -- contingent valuation), case studies (to develop adjustments in complex situations) or other statistically based techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="2873390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873390" title="Yongey Mingyur Rinpoche">
Yongey Mingyur Rinpoche

Yongey Mingyur Rinpoche (; born 1975) is a Nepalese teacher and master of the Karma Kagyu and Nyingma lineages of Tibetan Buddhism. He has authored two best-selling books and oversees the Tergar Meditation Community, a global network of Buddhist meditation centers.
Background.
Mingyur Rinpoche was born in Nepal in 1975 the youngest of six brothers. From the age of nine, his father, Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche, taught him meditation, passing on to him the most essential instructions of the Dzogchen and Mahamudra traditions.
At the age of eleven, Mingyur Rinpoche began studies at Sherab Ling Monastery in northern India, the seat of Tai Situ Rinpoche. Two years later, Mingyur Rinpoche began a traditional three-year retreat at Sherab Ling. At age twenty, Mingyur Rinpoche became the functioning abbot of Sherab Ling. At twenty-three, he received full monastic ordination. During this time, Mingyur Rinpoche received important Dzogchen transmissions from Nyoshul Khen Rinpoche
In 2007, Rinpoche completed the construction of Tergar Monastery in Bodhgaya, India, which will serve large numbers of people attending Buddhist events at this sacred pilgrimage site, serve as an annual site for month-long Karma Kagyu scholastic debates, and serve as an international study institute for the Sangha and laity. The institute will also have a medical clinic for local people. 
Rinpoche has overseen the Kathmandu Tergar Osel Ling Monastery, founded by his father, since 2010. He also opened a shedra (monastic college) at the monastery.
In June 2011, Mingyur Rinpoche left his monastery in Bodhgaya to begin a period of extended retreat, which will last at least three years. Instead of staying in isolation, as he did in his early years of retreat, for this period he will be wandering from place to place without any fixed plans or agenda. Rinpoche left a farewell letter before departing from his monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="2873395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873395" title="Higashi-Koizumi Station">
Higashi-Koizumi Station

Higashi-Koizumi Station () is a passenger-service station of Koizumi Line, which is operated by Tobu Railway company, located in Oizumi, Ōra District, Gunma Prefecture, Japan.
History.
The first station was originally opened as the signal station of Koizumi Line operated by Tobu railway company in 1941 when the line was extended from Higashi-Koizumi Station to Ōta Station.
Neartest places.
Nishi-oura High school

</doc>
<doc id="2873396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873396" title="Chris Leak">
Chris Leak

Christopher Patrick Leak (born May 3, 1985) is a former American professional football player who was a quarterback. He is currently the wide receivers coach at the University of Florida. He played college football for the University of Florida, and led the Florida Gators to victory in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game. Leak has also played professionally for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL), the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL), and the Jacksonville Sharks of the AFL.
Early years.
Leak was born in Charlotte, North Carolina in 1985. Leak received national attention as an 8th grader in 1998 when Wake Forest coach Jim Caldwell, who had just signed his older brother C.J., offered him a college football scholarship. He attended Independence High School in Charlotte, where he played for the Independence Patriots high school football team. In three years as the Patriots' starting quarterback, Leak led his team to three consecutive North Carolina 4-A state championships and losing only once as a starter under head coach Tommy Knotts. He set North Carolina state records for passing yards in a career (15,593) and completions in a career (1,013), as well as the national record for touchdown passes in a career (185). He was recognized as a "Parade" magazine All-American as well as "Parade"'s Player of the Year in 2003. The Scout.com recruiting service ranked Leak as a five-star prospect and the third-best quarterback in the 2003 recruiting class.
College career.
Leak received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Ron Zook and coach Urban Meyer's Florida Gators football teams from 2003 to 2006. Leak was known for his quiet leadership as a quarterback, and was elected a team captain by his teammates two of his four years as a Gator.
Leak began his career at Florida as a freshman, seeing playing time in the first few games, and taking over as the starter in the game against the Kentucky Wildcats. Leak finished his freshman year with a Southeastern Conference (SEC) record for a freshman, posting a 6–3 record as a starter, including wins over the eventual national champion LSU Tigers and the rival Georgia Bulldogs. Leak was named to the SEC All-Freshman Team and Rivals.com's Freshman All-America Team.
During his sophomore season in 2004, Leak's quarterback skills progressed, transforming him into one of the notable quarterbacks in college football. He started all of Florida's games, including a memorable school record-tying six-touchdown performance against the South Carolina Gamecocks. However, following a disappointing loss to the unranked Mississippi State Bulldogs and an on-campus confrontation with fraternity members, head coach Ron Zook was fired. After Zook was fired, Leak was rumored to be considering a transfer.
In December 2004, Urban Meyer replaced Ron Zook as Florida's head coach and introduced Meyer's spread offense to the Gators. Dan Mullen was introduced as the new offensive coordinator— Leak's third offensive coordinator in three years. Heading into his 2005 junior season, Leak had to learn his third offensive scheme in as many years, but was touted as a possible Heisman Trophy candidate. Leak won his first five games, including a big win over the SEC East rival Tennessee Volunteers, but struggled in the option portion of the Meyer's offense. Since Leak was a drop-back passer and not the ideal choice to run Meyer's spread option offense, Meyer tweaked the offense to tailor it to Leak's abilities after the Gators struggled midway through its schedule. The result was successful with the team winning its last two games against ranked competition.
Before the beginning of his 2006 senior season, there was speculation that Leak might not be the Gators' starting quarterback due to the emergence of talented freshman Tim Tebow. Instead, Meyer publicly endorsed Leak as the starting quarterback and confirmed Tim Tebow would be the back-up. Preseason analysis projected that Florida would have the hardest schedule in the country, including back-to-back games against Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, LSU, Auburn and Georgia. The 2006 season proved to be a redemption year for Leak: leading the Gators to their first SEC Championship since 2000, and a spot in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game against Ohio State University (the Gators' first championship game appearance since 1996). Leak also broke many Gators' passing records set by Heisman Trophy-winner Danny Wuerffel, including Wuerffel's record for career passing yards set during the 2006 SEC championship game.
Leak led the Florida Gators to their second consensus national championship with a 41–14 victory over the Ohio State Buckeyes on January 8, 2007, taking home the offensive Most Valuable Player (MVP) award for the game. His performance was solid throughout the BCS championship game, completing his first nine passes at the start of the game, and finishing with twenty-five completions in thirty-six attempts for 213 yards and one touchdown.
Leak was listed on the SEC Academic Honor Roll each year he attended Florida, and was a finalist for the Draddy Trophy, also known as the "Academic Heisman" for college football players. He graduated from the University of Florida College of Liberal Arts and Sciences with a bachelor's degree in sociology, with honors, in December 2006, and was a keynote speaker during the graduation ceremony.
Leak is remembered for volunteering with children in the Goodwill Gators Program, encouraging them to put school first and avoid drug use. At home in Charlotte, North Carolina, he also worked with the Boys and Girls Club and the Steele Creek Youth Athletic Association, served as an inspirational speaker with the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, and spoke at area middle schools encouraging students to stay focused on their goals.
Professional career.
NFL.
Leak was not selected during the 2007 NFL Draft. The Chicago Bears signed him immediately after the draft. He spent the summer of 2007 working with the team, and training under former Gator Rex Grossman. However, Leak only saw playtime during the final game of the preseason, where he completed eleven of sixteen passes for eighty-eight yards, an interception and touchdown. He was eventually cut from the Bears roster on September 16, 2007.
For the 2008 season, Leak tried out with the Kansas City Chiefs.
AAFL.
In November 2007, Leak announced his intentions to play for Team Florida in the All American Football League. He was later drafted in the 6th round by Team Florida. Lacking start-up capital, the AAFL's first season was postponed until 2009 (and later canceled). Leak, like all AAFL players, was released from his contract.
CFL.
On June 3, 2008, Leak signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. He was claimed by the Montreal Alouettes on June 9 after being released a day earlier. With backup quarterback Adrian McPherson injured, Leak was on the active roster for the August 21, 2009 match against the Saskatchewan Roughriders, in which he threw his first CFL touchdown pass on his first play. Leak was part of the Montreal Alouettes who won the 2009 Grey Cup.
On August 19, 2010, in a game against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Montreal starting quarterback, Anthony Calvillo, got taken out with an injury which gave way to Leak to finish off the game. Leak would lead the Alouettes to a 39-17 win over the Bombers. Leak made his first CFL start at quarterback on September 3, 2010 against the BC Lions. However, he was on the short end of a 38-17 score, going 15 for 27 for 135 yards with two interceptions and a fumble. Leak suffered an apparent injury early in the fourth quarter and did not return.
On May 5, 2011, Leak signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders as a free agent.
On June 25, 2011, Leak was cut from the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Arena Football.
On September 26, 2011, it was announced that Leak would sign with the ArenaBowl XXIV champion Jacksonville Sharks to replace star quarterback Aaron Garcia, who joined the San Antonio Talons for the 2012 Arena Football League season. In his only game in which he played for the Sharks, he completed twenty-one of thirty-one passes for 196 yards and five touchdowns in a 52–28 victory over the Kansas City Command. After it was announced that Garcia's former back-up would start the next game, Leak was suspended after skipping the following team practice. On April 10, 2012, he was placed on the left squad list, effectively ending his time with the Sharks. On April 23, 2012, Leak signed with the Orlando Predators.
Post-playing career.
Chris Leak worked as a host on SiriusXM "College Sports Coast-to-Coast" multiple nights each week during the 2012 college football season, along with co-host Chris Childers. The show was heard weeknights from 7:00 – 10:00 pm ET on SiriusXM College Sports Nation.
Florida Gators head football coach Will Muschamp announced that Leak had been added to his staff as a quality control coach in May 2013. Leak became a graduate assistant, helping coach the team's offense.
On June 11, 2014, Florida announced that Leak had been promoted to the position of wide receivers coach following the resignation of Joker Phillips.

</doc>
<doc id="2873397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873397" title="Theomatics">
Theomatics

Theomatics is a numerological study of the Hebrew/Aramaic and Greek text of the Christian Bible, based upon gematria and isopsephia, which its proponents show the direct intervention of God in the writing of Christian scripture.
Etymology.
The term "theomatics" was coined by Del Washburn in 1976 as a combination of "" ("God") and "". Washburn wrote three books about theomatics and created a website espousing the hypothesis.
Methodology.
Theomatics is not the same thing as Bible code; it uses an entirely different technique. The Bible code (also called ELS for Equidistant Letter Sequences) uses a letter skipping technique. Theomatics, on the other hand, is based on gematria and isopsephia, systems which assign numerical values to letters in the ancient Hebrew/Aramaic and Greek alphabets.
Controversy.
An analysis and criticism of theomatics has been published by
Tim Hayes, previously under the pseudonym "A. B. Leever". 
A German statistician, Kurt Fettelschoss, published an analysis that found that "The observed quantity of theomatic hits is significantly not random". A response to the findings were posted by Tim Hayes.
An analysis by Russell Glasser, entitled "Theomatics Debunked", shows the same phenomenon in a secular text.
Washburn's website has a page entitled "Scientific Proof" which discusses and responds to potential arguments against theomatics.

</doc>
<doc id="2873398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873398" title="Bert Hopkins">
Bert Hopkins

Albert John Young Hopkins (3 May 1874 in Young, New South Wales – 25 April 1931 in North Sydney) was an Australian cricketer and Penrith bee-farmer who played in 20 Tests between 1902 and 1909.
In the second Test at Lord's in 1902 under captain Joe Darling, Hopkins opened the bowling for Australia with Ernie Jones. Hopkins took the first two wickets of the English team being the famed batsmen CB Fry and Ranjitsinhji, both for ducks. These were however the only two wickets he took in the match in which he closed at 2-18.

</doc>
<doc id="2873402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873402" title="Paramilitarism in Colombia">
Paramilitarism in Colombia

Right-wing paramilitary groups in Colombia are the parties responsible for most of the human rights violations in the latter half of the ongoing Colombian Armed Conflict. According to several international human rights and governmental organizations, right-wing paramilitary groups have been responsible for at least 70 to 80% of political murders in Colombia per year, with the remainder committed by leftist guerrillas and government forces. 
Paramilitary groups control the large majority of the illegal drug trade of cocaine and other substances together with the main Colombian drug cartels, especially in terms of trafficking and processing activities.
The first paramilitary groups were organized by the Colombian military following recommendations made by U.S. military counterinsurgency advisers who were sent to Colombia during the Cold War to combat leftist political activists and armed guerrilla groups. The development of later paramilitary groups has also involved elite landowners, drug traffickers, members of the security forces, politicians and multinational corporations. Paramilitary violence today is principally targeted towards peasants, unionists, indigenous people, human rights workers, teachers and left-wing political activists or their supporters. The paramilitaries claim to be acting in opposition to revolutionary Marxist-Leninist guerrilla forces and their allies among the civilian population.
History.
Plan Lazo.
In October 1959, the United States sent a "Special Survey Team", composed of counterinsurgency experts, to investigate Colombia's internal security situation, due to the increased prevalence of armed communist self-defense communities in rural Colombia which formed during and after "La Violencia". Three years later, in February 1962, a Fort Bragg top-level U.S. Special Warfare team headed by Special Warfare Center commander General William P. Yarborough, visited Colombia for a second survey.
In a secret supplement to his report to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Yarborough encouraged the creation and deployment of a paramilitary force to commit sabotage and terrorist acts against communists:
The new counter-insurgency policy was instituted as Plan Lazo in 1962 and called for both military operations and civic action programs in violent areas. Following Yarborough's recommendations, the Colombian military recruited civilians into paramilitary "civil defense" groups which worked alongside the military in its counter-insurgency campaign, as well as in civilian intelligence networks to gather information on guerrilla activity. Among other policy recommendations the US team advised that "in order to shield the interests of both Colombian and US authorities against 'interventionist' charges any special aid given for internal security was to be sterile and covert in nature." It was not until the early part of the 1980s that the Colombian government attempted to move away from the counterinsurgency strategy represented by Plan Lazo and Yarborough's 1962 recommendations.
Law 48 of 1968.
The first outright legal framework for the training of civilians by military or police forces for security purposes was formally established by the Colombian presidential decree 3398 of 1965, issued during a state of siege, which defined the defense of the nation as requiring "the organization and tasking of all of the residents of the country and its natural resources...to guarantee National Independence and institutional stability." This decree temporarily allowed the formation of private security forces used to protect large landowners, cattle ranchers, and government officials.
Decree 3398 was later succeeded by Law 48 of 1968, a piece of permanent legislation that gave the Colombian executive the power to establish civil patrols by decree and allowed the Defense Ministry to supply their members with military-grade weaponry. Human Rights Watch has pointed out that "although few civil patrols were ever formally created by the president, the military frequently cited Law 48 as the legal foundation for their support for all paramilitaries."
A series of Colombian military manuals from the 1960s encouraged the creation of paramilitary organizations to help fight guerrillas. In 1969, the "Reglamento de EJC 3-10, Reservado, de 1969" ("EJC-3 Order, Restricted, 1969") stated that the armed forces should organize "self-defence committees" which were defined as "military-type organization made up of civilian personnel in the combat zone, which are trained and equipped to undertake operations against guerrilla groups that threaten an area or to operate in coordination with combat troops". These committees were to maintain contact with local military officers, keeping a high level awareness about any suspicious communist action in their communities, in particular those of suspected "guerrilla supporters". The manual also allowed military personnel to dress in civilian clothes when necessary to infiltrate areas of suspected guerrilla influence, and also for civilian helpers to travel alongside military units. Separately, in order to help gain the trust of local citizens, the military was advised to participate in the daily activities of the community where applicable.
Triple A.
Between 1978 and 1979 an alleged far-right paramilitary organization known ass the "American Anti-communist Alliance" (also "AAA" or "Triple A") started a terror campaign against Colombian communists, wich included bombings, kidnappings and assassinations.
It was later revealed that the organization had direct links to the Colombian National Army and to the United States Embassy in Bogotá.
Contemporary accusations and declassified U.S. Embassy documents have linked the creation and operation to the "Charry Solano" Battalion of Intelligence and Counter-intelligence (BINCI) that employed the Triple A name as a covert name.
MAS, ACDEGAM and MORENA.
In the late 1970s, the illegal cocaine trade took off and became a major source of profit. 
By 1982, cocaine surpassed coffee as an export, making up 30% of all Colombian exports. Many members of the new class of wealthy drug barons began purchasing enormous quantities of land, in order to launder their drug money, and to gain social status amongst the traditional Colombian elite. By the late 1980s, drug traffickers were the largest landholders in Colombia and wielded immense political power. They used much of their land for grazing cattle, or left it completely idle as a show of wealth. They also raised private armies to fight off guerrillas who were trying to either redistribute their lands to local peasants, kidnap them, or extract the "gramaje" tax that was commonly levied on landed elites.
At the end of 1981 and the beginning of 1982, members of the Medellín Cartel, the Colombian military, the U.S.-based corporation Texas Petroleum, the Colombian legislature, small industrialists, and wealthy cattle ranchers came together in a series of meetings in Puerto Boyacá, and formed a paramilitary organization known as "Muerte a Secuestradores" ("Death to Kidnappers", MAS) to defend their economic interests, to fight against the guerrillas, and to provide protection for local elites from kidnappings and extortion. By 1983, Colombian internal affairs had registered 240 political killings by MAS death squads, mostly community leaders, elected officials, and farmers.
ACDEGAM.
The following year, the "Asociación Campesina de Ganaderos y Agricultores del Magdalena Medio" ("Association of Middle Magdalena Ranchers and Farmers", ACDEGAM) was created to handle both the logistics and the public relations of the organization, and to provide a legal front for various paramilitary groups. ACDEGAM worked to promote anti-labor policies, and threatened anyone involved with organizing for labor or peasants' rights. The threats were backed up by the MAS, which would come in and attack or assassinate anyone who was suspected of being a "subversive". ACDEGAM also built schools whose stated purpose was the creation of a "patriotic and anti-Communist" educational environment, and built roads, bridges, and health clinics. Paramilitary recruiting, weapons storage, communications, propaganda, and medical services were all run out of ACDEGAM headquarters.
By the mid-1980s ACDEGAM and MAS had experienced significant growth. In 1985, the powerful drug traffickers Pablo Escobar, Jorge Luis Ochoa, and Gonzalo Rodríguez Gacha began funneling large amounts of cash into the organization to pay for weaponry, equipment and training. Money for social projects was cut off, and was put towards strengthening the MAS. Modern battle rifles such as the Galil, HK G3, FN FAL, and AKM were purchased from the military and INUNDIL and through drug-funded private sales. The organization had computers and ran a communications center that worked in coordination with the state telecommunications office. They had thirty pilots, and an assortment of helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft. U.S., Israeli, British and Australian military instructors were hired to teach at paramilitary training centers. According to the report by the Departamento Administrativo de Seguridad (Colombia's Administrative Security Department), between December 1987 and May 1988 Rodríguez hired Israeli and British mercenaries to train teams of assassins at remote training camps in Colombia. Yair Klein, a retired Israeli lieutenant colonel, acknowledged having led a team of instructors in Puerto Boyacá in early 1988.
MORENA.
By the end of the 1980s, the MAS had a significant presence in 8 of Colombia's 32 departments—Antioquia, Boyacá, Caquetá, Córdoba, Cundinamarca, Meta, Putumayo, and Santander. During this period, a stated goal of the groups was to kill members of the Patriotic Union or any political groups that opposed drug trafficking. At the same time, they began to more intensively involve themselves in municipal, regional, and national politics. In August 1989, the "Movimiento de Restauración Nacional" ("Movement of National Restoration", MORENA) was formed by members of ACDEGAM.
Critics of the MORENA experiment saw it as an attempt at legitimizing paramilitarism and its abuses, as an extension of ACDEGAM, or as a copycat of El Salvador's ARENA.
The Castaño family and the ACCU.
In the late 1970s, the FARC-EP began gathering intelligence on "Don" Jesús Castaño. A wealthy rancher in Segovia, Antioquia, far-right conservative, and influential local politician, "Don" Jesús was considered an ideal target for kidnapping. The "Don" was kidnapped in 1981, and ultimately died while in custody.
"Don" Jesús had several sons. The oldest of these, Fidel, had accumulated a fortune illegally smuggling emeralds, robbing people, and trafficking cocaine and marijuana. By the 1980s, Fidel had become one of the most powerful mafia "capos" in the world, and had purchased large tracts of lands in northern Colombia. By 1988, he and his younger brother Carlos purchased over 1.2 million hectares of land in Antioquia, Córdoba, and Chocó.
As a teenager, Carlos Castaño had done work as an informant for the Colombian army's "Bomboná battalion", which had strong links to "MAS death squads". He later did work as an assassin for the MAS, and was supplied with weapons by army officers. In 1983, Carlos went to Tel Aviv, Israel where he spent a year taking courses in paramilitary and counterinsurgency tactics.
Los Tangueros.
While Carlos was in Israel, Fidel hired a group of over 100 armed men, which began to terrorize the local populace. The thugs became known as "Los Tangueros" by the villagers after the name of the Castaño ranch, "Las Tangas", where they were based. In 1983, under orders from Fidel, a group of men went through the villages near Segovia, where his father had been held, and killed every man, woman, and child living on the river nearby. They pulled babies out of their mothers arms and shot them, nailing one baby to a plank. They impaled a man on a bamboo pole, and hacked a woman to pieces with a machete. By the time they were done, 22 people were dead.
By the late 1980s, numerous cattle ranchers in Córdoba were now supporting Fidel Castaño. Many of them had been forced to pay increasing amounts of extortion money to the EPL and other guerrillas under the threat of kidnapping or having their ranches burned and their animals killed. Widespread local mobilizations against the central government's peace initiatives, the guerrillas and political movements thought to have their consent or approval were organized under the leadership of the Colombian military and Fidel's group. Between 1988 and 1990, Colombian press sources reported almost 200 political murders and 400 suspected political assassinations in the region and official government figures suggested that a total of 1,200 took place in Córdoba during the period. Left-wing politicians received anonymous death threats and were frequently interrogated in army bases by the 11th Brigade.
In 1990, Fidel Castaño offered to disband his paramilitary forces if the EPL agreed to demobilize. Having previously faced the combined pressure of "Los Tangueros" and the Colombian military, the guerrillas demobilized over 2,000 of their fighters and founded the Hope, Peace, and Liberty party. Fidel surrendered some weapons to government authorities and created the "Fundación por la Paz de Córdoba" (Foundation for the Peace of Córdoba), that provided money, land, cattle and other support to hundreds of former EPL combatants. Electoral alliances between the new party, the AD/M19 and local right-wing politicians were established.
After the demobilization, the FARC-EP expanded its activities in Córdoba and clashes between them, a dissident EPL faction and the demobilized guerrillas -some of whom formed armed "popular commands"- led to almost 200 murders of former fighters and continued violence. Carlos Castaño has claimed that this was the reason he decided to reactivate his family's private army.
The ACCU.
In 1994, Carlos took control of "Los Tangueros", which officially changed their name to the "Autodefensas Campesinas de Córdoba y Uraba" ("Peasant Self-Defense Forces of Córdoba and Urabá", ACCU). The ACCU began working with regional military forces, such as the Bomboná battalion, to crush the guerrillas, and murder or intimidate anyone suspected of supporting them. The ACCU helped military commanders by providing intelligence regarding local guerrilla activities. The ACCU began networking with other paramilitary groups such as the MAS, and began to take over large areas of northern Colombia, which was the principal transnational shipping point for illegal drugs.
Anti-paramilitary decrees of 1989.
In 1987, government statistics revealed that paramilitaries had been responsible for more civilian deaths than guerrillas. Two years later, in 1989, the Colombian government under the administration of Virgilio Barco (1986–1990) passed a series of decrees that promised to reduce paramilitary violence.
The first of the decrees, Decree 813, called for the creation of a commission to oversee the government's anti-paramilitary efforts. The commission was to be composed of the Ministers of Government, Justice, and National Defense, along with the chiefs of the Army, National Police, and DAS. The commission was supposed to plan ways to cut down on paramilitary violence and oversee the execution of these plans. However, most of the people in the commission had either openly voiced support for the paramilitaries, or headed agencies with very strong ties to paramilitary groups, and the commission rarely met over the following decade.
The second, Decree 814 established a 1,000 anti-paramilitary police force, made up of active-duty officers from the National Police, which was under the command of the Chief of National Police. The police force was mostly assigned to raiding drug laboratories and the offices of drug trafficking organization, rather than confronting the paramilitaries directly.
The third, Decree 815 suspended the privilege of the Armed Forces to distribute weapons to armed civilian groups (a power which had been granted under Law 48 in 1968), and required any new armed civilian groups to be approved by the President and Ministers of Defense and Government. However, the government did not outlaw the already existing paramilitary groups, or require that they be certified through the more stringent new standards.
In 1989, the administration issued Decree 1194, which outlawed "the armed groups, misnamed paramilitary groups, that have been formed into deathsquads, bands of hired assassins, self-defense groups, or groups that carry out their own justice" after the murder of two judges and ten government investigators at La Rochela, Santander. The decree established criminal penalties for both civilians and members of the armed forces involved in the promotion, financing, training and membership of said groups.
Armed Forces Directive No. 200-05/91..
In 1990, the United States formed a team that included representatives of the U.S. Embassy's Military Group, U.S. Southern Command, the DIA, and the CIA in order to give advice on the reshaping of several of the Colombian military's local intelligence networks, ostensibly to aid the Colombian military in "counter-narcotics" efforts. Advice was also solicited from the British and Israeli military intelligence, but the U.S. proposals were ultimately selected by the Colombian military. The result of these meetings was "Armed Forces Directive 200-05/91", issued by the Colombian Defense Ministry in May 1991. However, the order itself made no mention of drugs or counter-narcotics operations at all, and instead focused exclusively on creating covert intelligence networks to combat the insurgency.
Human Rights Watch concluded that these intelligence networks subsequently laid the groundwork for continuing an illegal, covert partnership between the military and paramilitaries. HRW argued that the restructuring process solidified linkages between members of the Colombian military and civilian members of paramilitary groups, by incorporating them into several of the local intelligence networks and by cooperating with their activities. In effect, HRW believed that this further consolidated a "secret network that relied on paramilitaries not only for intelligence, but to carry out murder".
Human Rights Watch argued that this situation allowed the Colombian government and military to plausibly deny links or responsibility for paramilitary human rights abuses. HRW stated that the military intelligence networks created by the U.S. reorganization appeared to have dramatically increased violence, stating that the "recommendations were given despite the fact that some of the U.S. officials who collaborated with the team knew of the Colombian military's record of human rights abuses and its ongoing relations with paramilitaries".
HRW stated that while "not all paramilitaries are intimate partners with the military", the existing partnership between paramilitaries and the Colombian military was "a sophisticated mechanism, in part supported by years of advice, training, weaponry, and official silence by the United States, that allows the Colombian military to fight a dirty war and Colombian officialdom to deny it."
As an example of increased violence and "dirty war" tactics, HRW cited a partnership between the Colombian Navy and the MAS, in Barrancabermeja where: "In partnership with MAS, the navy intelligence network set up in Barrancabermeja adopted as its goal not only the elimination of anyone perceived as supporting the guerrillas, but also members of the political opposition, journalists, trade unionists, and human rights workers, particularly if they investigated or criticized their terror tactics."
PEPES.
In 1992 Pablo Escobar escaped from his luxury prison, La Catedral. Shortly thereafter, the Calí drug cartel, dissidents within the Medellín cartel and the MAS worked together to create a new paramilitary organization known as "Perseguidos por Pablo Escobar" ("People Persecuted by Pablo Escobar", PEPES) with the purpose of tracking down and killing Pablo Escobar and his associates. The leader of the organization was Fidel Castaño. The Calí cartel provided $50 million to pay for weapons, informants, and assassins, with the hopes that they could wipe out their primary rival in the cocaine business. Members of both Colombian and U.S. government agencies (including the DEA, CIA and State Department) provided intelligence to the PEPES.
Pablo Escobar complained about how the government targeted the Medellín cartel, but didn't go after paramilitaries or members of the Calí cartel, saying:
CONVIVIR.
During the 1990s, the FARC-EP and other guerrilla groups experienced significant growth and achieved a series of military successes against government forces, increasing the amount of territory under their control. The administration of President Ernesto Samper (1994–1998) carried out ineffective operations against the insurgency and attempted to enter into peace negotiations. Colombian military commanders resisted Samper's offer of a demilitarized zone in La Uribe, Meta Department meant to hold these talks. The FARC-EP leadership expressed initial interest in the administration's plan but ultimately refused to accept any preconditions and, in addition, the Samper administration suffered a serious crisis after the scandal concerning the receipt of over $6 million in campaign funding from the Calí drug cartel that had undermined it in the eyes of the guerrillas.
In 1994, Decree 356 of Colombia's Ministry of Defense authorized the creation of legal paramilitary groups known as "Servicios especiales de vigilancia y seguriadad privada" ("Special vigilance and private security services"), also known as CONVIVIR groups. The CONVIVIR groups were intended to maintain control over high risk areas where guerrillas did not have a strong presence after having been expelled and where there was no need for a large military force or illegal paramilitary presence anymore. Many illegal paramilitary groups transitioned into legal CONVIVIR groups. These CONVIVIR groups worked alongside both the Colombian military and illegal paramilitary groups in counterinsurgency operations.
The governor of Antioquia, Álvaro Uribe Vélez -who would later become President of Colombia- was one of the primary proponents of the CONVIVIR program. Statistics regarding the exact number of CONVIVIR groups differ and have been considered hard to obtain. Estimates indicate that, by the late 1990s, from 414 to over 500 of these groups had been created, with their membership ranging from 10,000 to 120,000. Uribe's department of Antioquia had some 65 CONVIVIR groups, one of the highest figures in the country.
Amnesty International claims that the CONVIVIR groups committed numerous human rights abuses against civilians, working in coordination with the Colombian government and paramilitaries. In 1998, Human Rights Watch stated that "we have received credible information that indicated that the CONVIVIR groups of the Middle Magdalena and of the southern Cesar regions were directed by known paramilitaries and had threatened to assassinate Colombians that were considered as guerrilla sympathizers or which rejected joining the cooperative groups".
In November 1997, due to mounting concerns over human rights violations committed by CONVIVIR groups, and the relations between illegal paramilitaries and CONVIVIR, the Constitutional Court of Colombia stated that the issue of military weaponry to civilians and specifically to CONVIVIR groups was unconstitutional, and that CONVIVIR members could no longer be used to gather intelligence information. Many of the CONVIVIR groups simply joined up with the AUC.
By the end of the decade, there had been a tenfold increase in the number of Colombian paramilitaries.
The AUC.
In April 1997, the creation of the Autodefensas Unidas de Colombia, (United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia) or AUC was announced, formally inaugurating what has been termed by analysts as the "second generation" of paramilitarism. It is considered to be the result of Carlos Castaño's efforts to achieve a measure of unity between most of the other paramilitary forces in the country. Several paramilitary groups did not join, but the AUC itself claimed to represent about 90% of existing forces at the time. Castaño's ACCU formally became the core of the new umbrella organization, while the other heads of paramilitary groups kept their own leadership positions, becoming part of a federated High Command of the AUC. It has been considered by observers that the FARC's advances as part of a 1996 to 1998 offensive eased the process of formal paramilitary unification.
As a response, the AUC engaged in a renewed series of massacres and assassinations, often with the passive or active aid of elements of the Colombian government's security forces, according to human rights organizations.
2003-2006 demobilization process.
In July 2003, the Uribe administration began formal negotiations with the AUC with the stated aim of seeking its demobilization. Law 975 of 2005, also known as the "Justice and Peace" law, was approved by the Colombian Congress and constituted the main legal framework applicable to those paramilitaries who had committed serious crimes. The legislation gave AUC combatants broad concessions, such as allowing paramilitaries to keep profits made from criminal activities during their time in the AUC, limiting sentences to a maximum of 8 years which could be served on private farms instead of in prisons, and not obliging them to dismantle their power structures.
Under the Colombian government's interpretation of Law 782 of 2002 and Decree 128 of 2003, the majority of the paramilitaries who submitted to the process were pardoned through the cessation of judicial procedures for charges related to their membership in the group. Only 3,700 of the paramilitaries applied for "Justice and Peace" benefits.
The demobilization process was heavily criticized by national and international human rights organizations as well as by international entities, such as the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR) of the OAS, citing its non-compliance with international standards on the rights of victims to seek justice and reparation and granting impunity to human rights violators. Colombian Congresswoman Gina Parody claimed that Law 975 gave "benefits to people who have committed the worst crimes"
On May 18, 2006 the Constitutional Court of Colombia reviewed Law 975 of 2005, modifying or striking down several of its original articles and correcting some of the problems critics had identified. The revision requires full confessions, turning over illegally acquired assets, provides that reduced sentences may be revoked for lying and removes time limits on investigations. The Court also ruled against the option for paramilitaries to serve their sentences outside of prison or to deduct time spent during negotiations.
In 2007 and 2008, paramilitary commanders provided useful information to prosecutors about their activities and associates. However, of some 1,800 individuals who began confessing their crimes to prosecutors in 2005, just 5 had completed their hearings by 2009. A limited number of assets worth an estimated $5 million USD had been surrendered to the official reparations fund, procedures for the return of stolen land to its original owners remained stagnant and paramilitary leaders extradited to the United States mostly ceased collaborating with authorities.
Serious flaws during the demobilization phase, such as the Colombian government's failure to interrogate and verify the identities of those involved in the process, allowed many paramilitaries to remain active, form new successor groups and continue to engage in human rights violations.
In September 2006, Amnesty International said:
In February 2010, Human Rights Watch said:
A 2010 United Nations report stated that:
Reintegration of ex-paramilitary fighters.
Since 2006, the Office of the High Counselor for Reintegration (ACR) has been in charge of the reintegration policy for demobilized AUC members. The ACR assists ex-combatants with education, vocational training, grants for micro-businesses, psychosocial support, healthcare and a monthly stipend dependent on the ex-combatants’ participation to reintegration activities. Of the 31’671 demobilised members of the AUC, 20’267 were actively participating in the reintegration programme by the end of 2009. The others were either involved in the process of Justice and Peace, imprisoned due to infractions after their demobilisation, dead, or left the programme for unknown reasons.
Post-AUC successor criminal groups.
New paramilitary groups and related drug trafficking gangs that have continued operating after the AUC demobilization process are referred to as BACRIM ("bandas criminales") or criminal gangs by the Colombian government. According to the Colombian National Police, these groups had 3,749 members by July 2010. The NGO "Instituto de Estudios para el Desarrollo y la Paz" has indicated they would have approximately 6,000 armed combatants. Others estimate their ranks may include up to 10,000 people.
Until 2011 Colombia remained the world's largest cocaine producer, and since 2003 Human Rights Watch stated that, according to their Colombian intelligence sources, "40 percent of the country's total cocaine exports" were controlled by this paramilitaries. In 2011 an independent investigation made by the Colombian newspaper "El Tiempo" estimated that 50% of all Colombian cocaine was controlled by the same BACRIM groups.
The main emerging criminal and paramilitary organizations are known as The Black Eagles, Los Rastrojos, Los Urabeños, Los Paisas, Los Machos, Renacer, Los Gaitanistas, Nueva Generación, Bloque Meta, Libertadores del Vichada, the ERPAC and The Office of Envigado.
These successor groups are often made up of mid-level paramilitary commanders and criminal structures that either did not demobilize in the first place or were re-activated after the demobilizations had concluded. Many demobilized paramilitaries received recruitment offers, were threatened into joining the new organizations or have simultaneously rearmed and remained in government reintegration programs. New recruits have also come from traditional areas for paramilitary recruitment.
BACRIMs continue to be involved in the drug trade, commit widespread human rights abuses, engage in forced displacement and undermine democratic legitimacy in other ways, both in collusion with and opposition to FARC-EP guerrillas. Their targets have included human rights defenders, labor unionists and victims of the former AUC. Members of government security forces have also been accused of tolerating their growth.
Human rights violations.
Right-wing paramilitary groups have been blamed for the vast majority of human rights violations in Colombia. The United Nations has estimated that approximately 80% of all killings in Colombia's civil conflict have been committed by paramilitaries, 12% by leftist guerrillas, and the remaining 8% by government forces. In 2005, Amnesty International stated that "The vast majority of non-combat motivated killings, "disappearances", and cases of torture have been carried out by army-backed paramilitaries." In its 1999 report, Human Rights Watch cited estimates from Colombian human rights organizations CINEP and "Justice and Peace", which indicated that paramilitary groups were responsible for about 73% of identifiable political murders during the first half of 1998, with guerrillas and state security forces being blamed for 17 and 10 percent respectively. The Colombian Commission of Jurists reported that, in the year 2000, approximately 85% of political murders were committed by the paramilitaries and state forces.
Paramilitary violence is overwhelmingly targeted towards peasants, unionists, teachers, human rights workers, journalists and leftist political activists.
Paramilitary abuses in Colombia are often classified as atrocities due to the brutality of their methods, including the torture, rape, incineration, decapitation and mutilation with chainsaws or machetes of dozens of their victims at a time, affecting civilians, women and children.
Paramilitary forces in Colombia have additionally been charged with the illegal recruitment of children into the armed ranks. Though this is an offense punishable by national law, the prosecution rate for these crimes is less than 2% as of 2008.
Many of these abuses have occurred with the knowledge and support of the Colombian security forces. A 1998 Human Rights Watch report stated:
A 1999 human rights report from the U.S. State Department said:
In 2006, Amnesty International reported that:
Massacres.
Hundreds of massacres have been perpetrated by paramilitary groups in Colombia.
Some of the most widely known are:
The Mapiripan Massacre.
In Mapiripán, Meta Department, an estimated 30 people were killed between July 14 to 20 1997. At least 100 heavily armed AUC members arrived in the town searching for people who were suspected leftist guerrilla supporters. They went from house to house referring to a list of names that had been prepared by informants earlier.
Civilians were taken to the town center where they were tortured by paramilitaries before being killed. After torturing their victims, the paramilitaries decapitated people with chainsaws, hung people from meat hooks, hacked people with machetes, cut people's throats and carved their bodies, and then threw their corpses into the nearby Guaviare River.
The local judge of Mapiripan Leonardo Ivan Cortes called the police and the army eight times during the 5-day massacre, but they did not arrive until the AUC paramilitaries had left. In March 1999, Colombian prosecutors accused Colonel Lino Sánchez of planning the massacre with Carlos Castaño. Sánchez was the operations chief of the Colombian Army's 12th Brigade. He has received special training by U.S. Army Special Forces soldiers on Barrancón Island on the Guaviare River. The training was finished very close to the time of the massacre. The evidence showed that the paramilitaries landed unhampered at the San Jose del Guaviare airport which was heavily guarded by military personnel.
The Alto Naya massacre.
Another massacre took place at Alto Naya, Cauca department on April 12, 2001, in which an estimated 40-130 civilians were killed, and thousands displaced. Approximately 100 paramilitaries from the "Frente Calima" ("Calima Front") participated in the killings.
The first victim was a 17-year-old girl named Gladys Ipia whose head and hands were cut off with a chain saw. Next, six people were shot while eating at a local restaurant. Another man was chopped into pieces and burned. A woman had her abdomen ripped open with a chainsaw. An indigenous leader named Cayetano Cruz, was cut in half with a chainsaw. The paramilitaries lined up the villagers in the middle of the town, and asked people if they knew any guerrillas. If they answered "no", they were hacked to death with machetes. Many of the bodies were dismembered, and strewn piecemeal around the area, making it difficult to gain an accurate body count and identify victims. Between 4,000 and 6,000 people were displaced as they fled the area during and following the violence.
Despite repeated warnings over the preceding two weeks that such an attack was about to occur, the Colombian military refused to provide protection for the villagers. And although the massacre went on for more than three days, the nearby Third Brigade did not show up until after it was over. Yet when the FARC attempted to take over a town, in neighboring Nariño, the military responded within three hours. Some of the villagers traveled to the Colombian Army's Third Brigade an hour away. The Cauca People’s Defender, Victor Javier Melendez, notified the military that a massacre was occurring on the morning of April 13. He received no response. The Colombian Public Advocate's office stated: "it is inexplicable how approximately 500 paramilitaries could carry out an operation of this type without being challenged in any way, especially since the area that these men entered is only twenty minutes from the village of Timba, where a base operated by the Colombian Army is located and has been staffed since March 30 of this year."
The Betoyes Massacre.
Another massacre took place in Betoyes, Arauca department in early May 2003. Several people belonging to the indigenous Guahibo community were killed and over 300 people fled. Three girls, ages 11, 12, and 15, were raped. Another 16-year-old pregnant mother, Omaira Fernández was raped, and then they cut her womb open and ripped out the fetus which they hacked up with a machete. They then dumped the bodies into the river. An Amnesty International reported on June 4, 2003 that the Colombian army's 18th Brigade's "Navos Pardo Battalion" fully supported the AUC in carrying out the massacre. "... in Betoyes in January 2003, witnesses said that the AUC armband of one attacker slipped to reveal the words "Navos Pardo Battalion" printed on the uniform beneath."
Forcible displacement.
More than 3 million people out of Colombia's population of approximately 40 million have been internally displaced since 1985, making it the country with the second highest internally displaced population in the world after Sudan. Over 1 million people have been displaced after President Álvaro Uribe took office in 2002, with over 300,000 displaced in 2005 alone.
Paramilitary groups have been held responsible for the largest portion of displacement. In the years 2000 and 2001, paramilitaries were blamed for 48 percent and 53 percent of forced displacement, respectively. The displacement is not only a side-effect of the civil conflict but also a deliberate policy to remove people from their territories, so that the land can be taken by wealthy elites, multinational corporations and criminal syndicates, as well as to attack the civilian support base for the guerrillas.
Social cleansing.
Paramilitary groups, often with the support of local merchants, the Colombian military, and local police, have engaged in extensive "social cleansing" operations against homeless people, drug addicts, orphaned children, and other people they deem socially "undesirable". In 1993 alone, at least 2190 street children were murdered, many of whom were killed by agents of the state. An estimated 5 people per day fell victim to social cleansing operations in 1995.
Financing.
Drug trade.
The downfall of the Medellín and Cali Cartels in the 1990s created an opening for paramilitary groups, which controlled northern Colombia (the key transnational smuggling route), to take over the international cocaine trade.
In 2001 Colombian government sources estimated that at least 40% of all cocaine exports from Colombia were controlled by far-right paramilitary groups, while only 2.5% were controlled by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia.
Financing by U.S. corporations.
Chiquita Brands International.
From 1997 to 2004, Chiquita Brands International gave over $1.7 million to the AUC, over $825,000 of which was given after the U.S. State Department had listed the AUC as a Foreign Terrorist Organization. Families of some of the victims filed a class-action lawsuit, Doe v. Chiquita Brands International in 2007. The indictment alleges that the payments "were reviewed and approved by senior executives of the corporation" and that by no later than September 2000, they were aware that "that the AUC was a violent, paramilitary organization". Separate charges were also filed alleging that in 2001, using a Colombian port owned and operated by Banadex (a subsidiary of Chiquita), the company transported 3,400 AK-47 rifles and 4 million rounds of ammunition, which were destined for the AUC. Mario Iguarán, Colombia's attorney general in 2007, said that he would seek extradition for several Chiquita executives as part of the weapons smuggling investigation. Lawyers from the U.S. Department of Justice learned of Chiquita's relationship with the AUC in 2003. They told Chiquita executives that the payments were illegal and ordered them to stop. After receiving the order, Chiquita made at least 19 more payments. Chiquita representatives said that they were only financing terrorist organizations "in good faith", for the protection of their employees. To date, none of the Chiquita executives have been indicted for terrorism, however the company did receive a fine of $25 million. The plea deal was negotiated by Eric Holder, who was then an attorney with the law firm Covington & Burling, which represented Chiquita Brands.
US congress member William Delahunt stated Chiquita Brands was only the "tip of the iceberg" in the financing of the AUC, after he met with paramilitary chiefs Salvatore Mancuso, Diego Fernando Murillo, Héctor Veloza and Rodrigo Tovar Pupo. Delahunt stressed: "I am concerned by the magnitude of the participation of the US companies."
Drummond Coal.
In the late 1980s, Alabama-based Drummond Coal began to expand into new markets, due to the deregulation of global capital. As part of this expansion, they purchased the Pribbenow coal mine in Colombia, as well as a Caribbean port to ship the coal. They increased production at the mine by 20 million tons annually, turning it into one of the largest coal-mining operations in the world. It made up the largest share of Drummond's $1.7 billion in annual revenues.
Since it started operating in the early 1990s, Drummond's 215-mile railway has been repeatedly attacked by the FARC-EP. There is evidence that right-wing paramilitaries were hired by Drummond to guard the rail lines. In 2001, union activists working at Drummond's Colombian operations began receiving frequent death threats. In February of that year, AUC paramilitaries broke into the home of union organizer Cándido Méndez and killed him in front of his family. This was followed by a series of killings in March.
The Coca-Cola Company.
In July 2001 four lawsuits were filed against The Coca-Cola Company by the International Labor Rights Fund (ILRF) and the United Steel Workers of America, on behalf of Sinaltrainal (a union representing food and beverage workers in Colombia), five individuals who have been tortured or unlawfully detained for union activities, and the estate of murdered union activist Isidro Gil. The plaintiffs alleged that Coca-Cola bottlers "contracted with or otherwise directed paramilitary security forces that utilized extreme violence and murdered, tortured, unlawfully detained, or otherwise silenced trade union ­leaders." Coca-Cola does not deny that the murders and attacks on unionists took place at their bottling facilities, nor did they deny that the paramilitaries responsible for the killings were being paid by the bottlers, but they claimed that they could not be held liable because they are not in direct control of the bottling plants. In March 2001, a district judge in Miami decided that Coca-Cola could not be held liable, claiming they did not directly control the bottling plants, but allowed the case against the bottling companies to proceed forward.

</doc>
<doc id="2873404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873404" title="Izutsu">
Izutsu

"Izutsu" is based on an old story, "Tsutsu-Izutsu" (筒井筒), from the "Ise monogatari", a 10th-century collection of stories, many of which are based on stories about the romantic encounters of a "certain man", traditionally identified as the poet Ariwara no Narihira.
"Tsutsu-Izutsu".
A boy and a girl knew each other from early childhood. They were good friends, and one of their games was to see who was taller by measuring each other against the local well. As they grew older, they began to feel more self-conscious in each other's company, and they drifted apart, although they continued to love each other.
The girl's parents offered to find her a husband. But she declined, because she still had feelings for the boy.
The boy eventually composes a "tanka":
The girl replies:
And so it was that they were married.
However, the man later fell in love with another woman, who lived behind Mount Tatsuta, and he took to making visits to this woman's house. After many visits, the affair could no longer be kept a secret; but his wife made no protest. He concluded that his wife had herself fallen in love with another man.
One stormy night, he was just setting out on one of these visits, when he decided to turn back to find out the identity of his wife's lover. Peeping into the house, he saw that his wife was all alone. Unaware that he was watching, she was applying her make-up and composing a "tanka":
He realised then how much he was loved, and never went back to the other woman.
"Izutsu".
A priest is visiting the famous temples of Nara. On his way to Hatsuse, he stops at Ariwara Temple, and recognises the locale as Isonokami, where Narihira and Ki no Aritsune's daughter lived long ago.
A village woman arrives to tend a grave in the garden. She draws offertory water from a wooden-framed well, and, as he watches her, the priest becomes intrigued. He asks her why she is tending the grave and she says there is a story behind the place. She begins to tell the story "Tsutsu-Izutsu" from the "Ise Monogatari".
When she has finished the story, the village woman looks at the priest and says she is the wife in the old 10th century story. She disappears. He has seen her ghost. The priest asks a village man about the place and hears the story more plainly. The villager suggests that, as a priest, he could offer a prayer to her soul, and so he decides to settle down for the night on a bed of moss in the garden. She comes to him again in a dream. This time she is wearing her husband's cap and gown over her kimono. She dances, and sings about how much she loves her husband and how much she yearns for him. She looks into the well that they had stood beside as children and sees his reflection. She then cries and disappears.

</doc>
<doc id="2873406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873406" title="Cicurug">
Cicurug

Cicurug is a sub-district of Sukabumi regency in West Java, Indonesia. It is situated between Bogor and Sukabumi, located approximately 100 km south of Jakarta. Cicurug is surrounded by Mount Salak and Mount Gede. Cicurug can be reached by buses plying these routes: Jakarta-Sukabumi, Bogor-Pelabuhan Ratu and Bogor-Sukabumi.

</doc>
<doc id="2873409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873409" title="Yukimi Daifuku">
Yukimi Daifuku

Yukimi Daifuku (Japanese: "snow-viewing daifuku") is a brand of mochi ice cream manufactured by Lotte. It consists of a ball of vanilla ice cream wrapped in a thin layer of mochi, or rice cake. Lotte originally created Wataboshi (Japanese: "cotton hat or capped with snow"), a bite-size ice cream wrapped in a thin layer of marshmallow in 1980. Marshmallow was quickly replaced by mochi because it is more popular in Japan and the company perfected a technology to keep mochi soft at freezing temperature in 1981.
It comes in three sizes: a carton containing two pieces of ice cream, with a plastic pick for eating it; a "mini yukimi daifuku" box with nine smaller ice creams; and "yukimi daifuku petit three colour box" ( "Yukimi Daifuku Puchi San-iro") containing three kinds, a green tea ice cream, a chocolate ice cream, and a vanilla ice cream.
Aside from its regular vanilla flavor, there is also strawberry milk, triple chocolate raw, tokachi azuki, and raw chocolate.
The regular Yukimi daifuku, strawberry milk, and triple chocolate raw comes in a packaging of two pieces (47 mL each). The tokachi azuki and raw chocolate flavour comes in the same packaging as the mini box. They contain nine pieces with 30 mL in each.
In the hanami (cherry blossom viewing) season, a seasonal variety with strawberry ice cream is sold.
"Yukimi" is a seasonal activity in Japan, similar to hanami, consisting of watching snow falling. The name is a play upon "tsukimi daifuku" (, "moon-viewing daifuku"), the sweets traditionally eaten while viewing the moon.

</doc>
<doc id="2873410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873410" title="Westfield Railway Station">
Westfield Railway Station

Westfield Railway Station is 400 metres south of Westfield Junction, where the Eastern and Southern Lines of the Auckland Railway Network converge. It is near Westfield Junction, which is the junction of the Eastern and Southern Lines. It has an island platform layout and can be reached from a pedestrian overbridge at the end of Portage Road. The overbridge also spans the adjacent Westfield marshalling yards and gives access to KiwiRail's operations centre and locomotive facility.
History.
Westfield station was opened during the expansion of Auckland's suburban railway network, in 1904. Its location is at the western end of Portage Road, Otahuhu, which marks the narrowest point of the Auckland Isthmus. Mount Richmond Domain is nearby. Back in 1904, when the station was opened, it gave access to a shallow bay on Manukau Harbour, which became a popular picnic spot.
The original station building was merely a wooden shelter on the platform. This was replaced with a newer shelter in the 1960s, whilst the adjacent Westfield Marshalling Yards were being built.
Westfield became a junction station between the North Island Main Trunk and the North Auckland Line when the Westfield deviation (Eastern Line) was completed in 1930.
Locomotive dump.
During the 1920s obsolete locomotives were often dumped in areas where the railway line was subject to erosion or soft ground. The cost of scrap being minimal at the time. Unlike locomotives dumped at other sites, such as Branxholme, Omoto and Oamaru, where the locomotives remained for decades, the locomotives at Westfield were retrieved and sold for scrap.
Westfield marshalling yard.
This facility, built in the 1960s on reclaimed land brought together the freight train marshalling and sorting from several other yards in the Auckland area. Prior to its opening, freight trains were made up at either Auckland or Otahuhu stations. The traffic offices in other stations in the Auckland area were centred at Westfield during the 1970s and 1980s.
The locomotive and wagon repair facilities saw steam-era engine sheds and servicing facilities at Auckland, Otahuhu, Papakura, Helensville and Mercer all close as well as the 1950s-era Parnell Diesel Depot.
Industrial sidings.
Westfield grew over time as a freight station. Sidings once served Kempthorne Prosser's fertiliser works, Westfield Freezing Works and Auckland City Abbatoir.
Modern day sidings serve various transport companies, as well as the Southdown Freight Terminal and Metroport.
Patronage.
This station has one of the lowest patronage of any station on the Auckland network, in part due to the decrepit nature of its facilities and its remote location, far from any main centres. The shelter structure is in poor condition yet still provides some protection from the driving wind and rain which comes off the Manukau Harbour. In April 2010 the shelter was torn down, and replaced with shelters formerly used at the temporary Newmarket stations.
When rail services are disrupted south of Otahuhu station, passengers leave trains at this station to board alternative transport; either later trains, or bus alternatives.

</doc>
<doc id="2873420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873420" title="Supper at Emmaus (disambiguation)">
Supper at Emmaus (disambiguation)

Supper at Emmaus is an event in the Gospel of Luke.
Supper at Emmaus is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2873439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873439" title="Waywayseecappo First Nation">
Waywayseecappo First Nation

The Waywayseecappo First Nation is a First Nations band government whose reserve is located twenty miles (32 km) east of Russell in Manitoba, Canada. The First Nation's reserve is 10,059 hectare (24,856 acres) and is located near the southwestern corner of the Riding Mountain National Park. It is bordered by the Rural Municipality of Rossburn and the Rural Municipality of Silver Creek. The First Nation also hold interest together with 32 other First Nations on the 37.1 hectare (91.7 acre) Treaty Four Reserve Grounds (Indian Reserve No. 77), located adjacent to Fort Qu'Appelle. Its population was 1,658 in 1995. They are home of the MJHL team Waywayseecappo Wolverines.There are various business located in the Birdtail valley near highway 45, such as gas station, RCMP station, food mart, gaming centre, health centre, daycare and community arena complex. And as of April 1st, 2014 the RMCP will no longer be in the community and will be replace with Dakota Ojibway Police Services.
The current chief of the Waywayseecappo First Nation is Melville Wabash.

</doc>
<doc id="2873440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873440" title="Matthew Norman">
Matthew Norman

Matthew James Norman (born 17 September 1986), an Australian citizen, was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine. In 2005, Norman was arrested in a room at the Melasti Hotel in Kuta together with three others. Police uncovered of heroin in a suitcase in the room. After a criminal trial, on 15 February 2006 Norman was sentenced to life imprisonment. His appeal to the Indonesian Supreme Court to have the sentence reduced suffered a shock when the Supreme Court imposed the death penalty on 6 September 2006. A subsequent appeal to the Indonesian Supreme Court, following a full confession by Norman to his role in the plan to import heroin from Bali to Australia, resulted in the original sentence of life imprisonment being reinstated.
Alleged trafficking conspiracy.
From Quakers Hill in Sydney's western suburbs, Norman was employed at Eurest, a catering company, where he met colleagues Martin Stephens, Renae Lawrence, and his supervisor, Andrew Chan. All four would later be convicted of drug trafficking as fellow members of the Bali Nine.
Media reports based on the testimony of co-conspirator, Renae Lawrence, claim that Norman was involved in an attempt in December 2004, at trafficking from Indonesia to Australia. This attempt was allegedly organised by Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen and involved Norman, Lawrence, Andrew Chan, and others. The delivery was aborted when heroin suppliers failed to deliver "due to a financial matter or someone knowing about the plan the shipment was cancelled".
On or about 8 April 2005, Norman arrived in Bali with Si Yi Chen and checked into the White Rose Hotel. It was reported that Norman and Chen "hardly ever left their room".
On 14 April, Norman, Chen, Lawrence and Stephens checked into Adhi Dharma hotel, with Nguyen arriving in the same hotel two days later. It was reported that police took the room next to Norman and Chen. In the evening of Sunday 17 April, appearing like tourists, Norman, Nguyen, and Chen checked into the Melasti Hotel. Myuran Sukumaran, who was also with them, with his bags, left them with the others as he decided to go to the Hard Rock Hotel complex.
Arrest in Indonesia.
Approximately 20 minutes after checking in, Norman, aged 18, was arrested at the Melasti Hotel in Kuta on 17 April 2005 with Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen, Myuran Sukumaran and Si Yi Chen. Indonesian police claim the group were in possession of of heroin and bundles of plastic wrapping, Elastoplast tape, and a set of scales, indicating involvement in a plan to transport drugs to Australia. 
Earlier that day at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar, Indonesian police also arrested the following drug mules after they were found carrying various amounts of heroin concealled on their bodies. Martin Stephens was found to be carrying ; Renae Lawrence was found to be carrying ; Michael Czugaj was found to be carrying and Scott Rush was found to be carrying of heroin. Alleged co-ringleader, Andrew Chan was also arrested the same day whilst seated on an Australian Airlines flight waiting to depart Denpasar for Sydney. At the time Chan was arrested, he was carrying three mobile phones and a boarding pass. No drugs were found in his possession.
Of the nine arrested, Norman was the youngest.
Criticism of Australian Federal Police tipoff.
Lee Rush, the father of Scott Rush, a fellow member of the Bali Nine, said that he contacted the Australian Federal Police (AFP) prior to the commission of the offence, fearing his son was travelling to Bali and would commit a drug-related crime. Rush senior claims then to have received assurances from the AFP that they would tell his son he was under surveillance to dissuade him from going through with the crime before the group's departure from Indonesia. Scott Rush's lawyers said he was never contacted. It was revealed that the AFP alerted Indonesian police that a crime was to be committed approximately two weeks before the arrests, and had commenced an investigation about ten weeks prior to the arrests. When the Bali Nine were arrested, the news of the tipoff became public and there was criticism of the role of the AFP in protecting the interests of Australian citizens. Commenting on the matter at the time, AFP Commissioner Mick Keelty was reported as saying:
Rush took action in the Federal Court of Australia against the AFP for breach of the bilateral treaty between Indonesia and Australia when information was handed by the AFP to the Indonesians. Rush's case claimed that such information should only be released by the Attorney-General. However, the Commonwealth Government maintained that the treaty only applies after a suspect is charged. The application was dismissed by the Federal Court in January 2006.
Criminal trial.
Criminal trials for the accused commenced in the Denpasar District Court on 11 October 2005. Chen, Nguyen, and Norman, all arrested at the Melasti Hotel and earning the numeric epithet, "The Melasti Three", were tried together, with the remaining six defendants tried separately.
In December 2005, it was reported that tensions were building between the Bali Nine drug mules and Sukumaran and Chan. Several days later, lawyers acting for some members of the Bali Nine initially sought the support of the Director of Public Prosecutions to intervene and lay charges for conspiracy to import drugs, so that the nine could be extradited and charged under Australian law. However, the judges hearing the trial matters in Bali called for Australia not to intervene in Indonesia's right to impose capital punishment;. Lawyers acting for Stephens, one of the Bali Nine, claimed that the fairness of his trial was in jeopardy following comments made in the media by Indonesian Foreign Minister Hassan Wirajuda that Australians should be prepared for members of the Bali Nine to receive a death sentence, if found guilty.
Sentencing and appeal.
During his final plea to judges, Norman said: 
Norman's mother, Robyn Norman, said after sentencing a life sentence was a better result than the death penalty, and also thanked the Indonesian government for looking after her son:
On 15 February 2006, Norman was sentenced to life imprisonment. Commenting on the sentences at the time, Australian Federal Police Commissioner Keelty stated:
Australian Prime Minister at that time, John Howard was reported as commenting:
Appealing against the sentence, on 6 September 2006, his sentence was upgraded to the death penalty. On 5 March 2008, three judges in the Indonesian Supreme Court in Jakarta decided to spare the lives of Chen, Norman and Nguyen.
Criminal charges pending in Australia.
In an earlier unrelated incident, Norman and Lawrence were arrested on 26 March 2005, travelling along the Pacific Highway in a stolen vehicle. It was reported that police were required to use road spikes to intercept the vehicle. Both were due to appear on 26 April 2005 in the Gosford Magistrates Court to face car theft and traffic related charges. However, due to their arrest in Indonesia nine days earlier, both Norman and Lawrence failed to appear.

</doc>
<doc id="2873449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873449" title="Saban Entertainment">
Saban Entertainment

Saban Entertainment (along with Saban International, which operated outside the US) was a worldwide-served independent American-Israeli television production company formed in 1984 by music and television producers Haim Saban and Shuki Levy as "Saban Productions", a U.S. subsidiary of "Saban International Paris" (now SIP Animation).
This company was known for importing, dubbing, and adapting several Japanese series such as, "Maple Town" (...Stories), "Noozles" (Fushigi na Koala Blinky and Printy), "Funky Fables" (Video Anime Ehonkan Sekai Meisaku Dowa), "Samurai Pizza Cats" (Kyatto Ninden Teyande), "Dragon Ball Z" and the first three "Digimon" series to North America and international markets for syndication, including both animation and live action shows. Saban is also notable for their various toku adapts of several shows from Toei Company, which include "Power Rangers" (based on the "Super Sentai" series), "Beetleborgs" (based on "Juukou B-Fighter"), "VR Troopers" (featuring elements of "Metal Hero" series, like "Space Sheriff Shaider", "Jikuu Senshi Spielban" and "Choujinki Metalder"), and "Masked Rider" (an original interpretation using scenes from the Japanese "Kamen Rider Black RX").
Saban was involved in the co-production of French/American animated shows created by Jean Chalopin for DIC Entertainment. Some of these early 1980s co-productions were "Camp Candy", "Ulysses 31", "Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors", and "The Mysterious Cities of Gold" (the third of which was a Japanese co-production).
Saban has also provided music for various TV programs, such as "The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!" and "Inspector Gadget".
History.
Early years.
Saban Entertainment was formed in 1984 as "Saban Productions". The first Saban logo depicted a Saturn-Like planet with the word "Saban" going across the planet's ring. The planet had five lines under the word "Productions". Several years later, the company created "Saban International" (now Disney Media Distribution), for international distribution of its shows (note: though used interchangeably with "Saban International Paris", they were technically two different entities). In 1988 the company renamed itself "Saban Entertainment".
Partnership with DIC and Marvel.
In 1986, Saban Productions bought the foreign rights to the DIC Entertainment library of children’s programming, and then sold the rights to Jean Chalopin. DIC then sued Saban for damages and in 1991, DIC and Saban reached a settlement.
New World Animation ("The Incredible Hulk"), Saban ("X-Men"), and Marvel Films Animation ("Spider-Man") each produced a Marvel series for television.
In August 1996, Saban secured rights from Marvel Entertainment Group for "Captain America", "Daredevil" and "Silver Surfer" and additional characters to be developed into four series and 52 episodes over seven years.
In 1996, Fox Children's Productions merged with Saban Entertainment to form Fox Kids Worldwide bring the Marvel Productions and Marvel Films Animations library.
Marvel was developing a "Captain America" animated series with Saban Entertainment for Fox Kids Network to premier in fall 1998. However, due to Marvel's bankruptcy the series was canceled before the premiere. Ironically, both Marvel and Saban would become parts of the The Walt Disney Company; Saban (renamed BVS Entertainment) in 2002 and Marvel by the end of 2009.
Closing.
On July 23, 2001, it was announced that the group would be sold to The Walt Disney Company as part of the sale of Fox Family Worldwide (now ABC Family Worldwide) by Haim Saban and News Corporation, and on October 24, 2001, the sale was completed and the group was renamed BVS Entertainment. Saban Entertainment's last program produced was "Power Rangers Wild Force" (production only, distributed by BVS).
Saban International Paris.
Saban International Paris, later SIP Animation, was a television production company based in France that operated from 1977 to 2008.
History.
Saban International Paris was found in France by Haim Saban and Jacqueline Tordjman in 1977 as a television production company. In 1983, SIP moved into the animation field. Saban departed the company in 2001 with the purchase of Fox Family Worldwide, which was followed by The Walt Disney Company taking a stake in the company and a name change to SIP Animation on October 1, 2002. SIP co-produced a few animated series with Jetix Europe during the 2000s. SIP Animation was closed in 2008.
Sensation Animation.
Sensation Animation was a renamed portion of Saban Entertainment to continue dubbing "Digimon" episodes from 2002 to 2003.
List of television series and films.
Animation TV series.
Saban'S Animated TV series
Saban's library.
Although most of Saban's library is currently owned by The Walt Disney Company, there are a few exceptions. The "Power Rangers" franchise, which was purchased by Haim Saban from Disney for $43 million on May 12, 2010. Later, the rights of "", "Masked Rider", "VR Troopers", "Beetleborgs" and "Digimon" were bought by Saban in 2011 and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2873456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873456" title="Yat-Sen Chang">
Yat-Sen Chang

Yat-Sen Chang Oliva (born 1971 in Matanzas, Cuba) is a Cuban former principal dancer with English National Ballet.
Yat-Sen Chang is a Chinese Cuban born in Matanzas, Cuba. Yat-Sen Chang studied dance at the Cuban National Ballet School, beginning his studies at the age of nine. In 1989 he graduated as a dancer and teacher and joined the Cuban National Ballet under Alicia Alonso.
In 1992 he was invited to the International Dance Festival of La Baule and joined Jeune Ballet de France, in the same year and performed in many different countries around the world. He joined the English National Ballet in 1993 as principal dancer.
He has a daughter named Olivia Lucy Chang-Clarke with fellow ENB former principal dancer and ex-girlfriend Simone Clarke.
Yat-Sen Chang
Former Principal Dancer
English National Ballet
Yat-Sen studied at the Cuban National Ballet School, beginning his studies at the age of nine. The
youngest of three brothers (all professionally trained ballet dancers), he graduated as a dancer and
teacher in 1989 and immediately joined the famous Cuban National Ballet Company.
In 1992, he joined Jeune Ballet de France where his roles included Flower Festival in Genzano, Le
Corsaire, Don Quixote, Diana & Acteon, Tchaikovsky Pas de Deux, Paquita, Satanella, Coppélia,
Flames of Paris, A. Mendez's Muñecos and I. Zatti's Shogun.
After only one year, his extraordinary talent was spotted and in September 1993 he was invited to
join the English National Ballet as Principal Dancer. At ENB he danced many major roles including
The Sleeping Beauty Prince, Blue Bird and Carabosse, The Nutcracker Prince, Franz in Coppélia
and Romeo & Mercutio in Nureyev's production of Romeo and Juliet, to name but a few. New roles
were choreographed for him in various well-loved ballets including The White Rabbit in Alice in
Wonderland by D. Deane The Jumping Bean in Melody on the Move by Michael Corder, The Twins
in The Canterville Ghost by William Tuckett, Clowns in Strictly Gershwin by Derek Deane, The
Orphan in The Snow Queen by Michael Corder, The Spanish Dance in The Nutcracker by Wayne
Eagling and a solo in XNTricities by Mauro Bigonzetti.
Yat-Sen performed both nationally and internationally as a guest artist in many Galas, including; A
Homage to Nureyev at The Coliseum Theatre, The 50th Birthday Wings in memory of Diana,
Princess of Wales, The 50th Anniversary of The English National Ballet, Dame Beryl Grey's
Evening at Sadler's Wells Theatre and The10th Anniversary of Danzaria. Yat-Sen was also a guest
artist with the Northern Ballet Theatre NBT in the production The Three Musketeers. He also
appeared on television as the lead dancer in Granada Television's 'Men in Tights' and on Blue
Peter performing The Twins from William Tuckett's Canterville Ghost.
The many prestigious awards he received included Best Partner at the Varna International Festival
(1990) and The "Leonida Massine Award" in Positano for Best Classical Dancer (1999). Yat-Sen is
also the Guinness World Record holder of the faster turns within 30 sec.
Yat-Sen has choreographed many traditional and neo-classical works including, Para Dos, Maybe
It Was Love, Dolphins, ENB Reloaded, Parallel Life and In The Beginning for project Synergy
2006, La Batalla (solo), A Classical Dance Night Out, Doollally Ballet for Dance Project 4, From
Baby to Ballerina for the Charity Event with The West London School of Dance at The Opera
House, Rothbart pieces for the Swanning Around Project 2010, Diamonds are Forever for the ENB
Charity Event at the Dorchester, Butterfly (Solo), Sonata for Two, Divertimento V, Adagio For Two,
Sunrise, Angels, Sedna (Solo), Trail and Entrée Du Ballet.
Yat-Sen Chang, became the Artistic Director of the Espinosa Dance Project in February 2012,
where he gives intensive daily classes and rehearses the young company of dancers in solos and
pas de deux from some of the most technically difficult repertoire in preparation for their gruelling
monthly performance schedule at the Espinosa Theatre. In addition to the EDP company class,
Yat-Sen also gives private tuition to vocationally trained students and professionals.
More recently, Yat-Sen has also begun to work on new projects for West End musical.
and in August 2013 he started his own brand new company Yat-Sen Chang Dance Company.

</doc>
<doc id="2873458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873458" title="Civic Biology">
Civic Biology

A Civic Biology: Presented in Problems (usually referred to as just Civic Biology) was a biology textbook written by George William Hunter, published in 1914. It is the book which the state of Tennessee required high school teachers to use in 1925 and is best known for its section about evolution that was ruled by a local court to be in violation of the state Butler Act. It was for teaching from this textbook that John T. Scopes was brought to trial in Dayton, Tennessee in the Scopes "Monkey" Trial. The views espoused in the book about evolution, race, and eugenics were common to American Progressives (especially in the work of Charles Benedict Davenport, one of the most prominent American biologists of the early 20th century, whom Hunter cites in the book).
Excerpts from the book give its general tone and approach to controversial topics regarding mankind:
Evolution of Man. -- Undoubtedly there once lived upon the earth races of men who were much lower in their mental organization than the present inhabitants. If we follow the early history of man upon the earth, we find that at first he must have been little better than one of the lower animals. He was a nomad, wandering from place to place, feeding upon whatever living things he could kill with his hands. Gradually he must have learned to use weapons, and thus kill his prey, first using rough stone implements for this purpose. As man became more civilized, implements of bronze and of iron were used. About this time the subjugation and domestication of animals began to take place. Man then began to cultivate the fields, and to have a fixed place of abode other than a cave. The beginnings of civilization were long ago, but even to-day the earth is not entirely civilized.
The Races of Man. -- At the present time there exist upon the earth five races or varieties of man, each very different from the other in instincts, social customs, and, to an extent, in structure. These are the Ethiopian or negro type, originating in Africa; the Malay or brown race, from the islands of the Pacific; The American Indian; the Mongolian or yellow race, including the natives of China, Japan, and the Eskimos; and finally, the highest type of all, the caucasians, represented by the civilized white inhabitants of Europe and America. ...
Improvement of Man. -- If the stock of domesticated animals can be improved, it is not unfair to ask if the health and vigor of the future generations of men and women on the earth might not be improved by applying to them the laws of selection. This improvement of the future race has a number of factors in which we as individuals may play a part. These are personal hygiene, selection of healthy mates, and the betterment of the environment.
Eugenics. -- When people marry there are certain things that the individual as well as the race should demand. The most important of these is freedom from germ diseases which might be handed down to the offspring. Tuberculosis, syphilis, that dread disease which cripples and kills hundreds of thousands of innocent children, epilepsy, and feeble-mindedness are handicaps which it is not only unfair but criminal to hand down to posterity. The science of being well born is called eugenics. ...
Parasitism and its Cost to Society. -- Hundreds of families such as those described above exist today, spreading disease, immorality, and crime to all parts of this country. The cost to society of such families is very severe. Just as certain animals or plants become parasitic on other plants or animals, these families have become parasitic on society. They not only do harm to others by corrupting, stealing, or spreading disease, but they are actually protected and cared for by the state out of public money. Largely for them the poorhouse and the asylum exist. They take from society, but they give nothing in return. They are true parasites.
The Remedy. -- If such people were lower animals, we would probably kill them off to prevent them from spreading. Humanity will not allow this, but we do have the remedy of separating the sexes in asylums or other places and in various ways preventing intermarriage and the possibilities of perpetuating such a low and degenerate race. Remedies of this sort have been tried successfully in Europe and are now meeting with some success in this country.
"New Civic Biology".
A revised edition of Hunter's book appeared the year after the Scopes Trial. This new edition no longer used the word "evolution", and removed most references to recognizably evolutionary concepts. A figure illustrating fossils of the precursors of horses in geological context and much of the associated text was eliminated. The section quoted above, "Evolution of Man", was renamed "Development of Man", and, rather than saying "lower in mental organization" said "lower in civilization" (page 250). The book did mention natural selection (page 383), homology (page 237), classification of plants and animals (Chapter XXI, pages 234-252) (including mention of "man" as a vertebrate, a mammal, and a primate, page 250), and had a short biography of Charles Darwin among the "Great Names in Biology" (pages 411-412).
This new edition contained an extended discussion of eugenics (Chapter XXXII "The Improvement of the Human Race", pages 394-404), but the section quoted above on "The Remedy" removed the words "If such people were lower animals, we would probably kill them off to prevent them from spreading. Humanity will not allow this ...". (page 400). The supposed history of The Jukes family and The Kallikak Family was advanced (pages 398-399). The section "Parasitism and its Cost to Society" was unchanged but for the insertion of the sentence "It is estimated that between 25% and 50% of all prisoners in penal institutions are feeble-minded."
This new edition retained the section "The Races of Man" as written, with two changes about "caucasians": They were no longer described as "the highest type of all", and "the Hindus and Arabs of Asia" were included among the enumerated caucasians (page 251).

</doc>
<doc id="2873461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873461" title="Ebenezer Denny">
Ebenezer Denny

Ebenezer Denny (March 11, 1761 – July 21, 1822) was a soldier during the American Revolutionary War whose journal is one of the most frequently quoted accounts of the surrender of the British at the siege of Yorktown. Denny later served as the first Mayor of Pittsburgh, from 1816 to 1817.
Early life.
Denny was born in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, on March 11, 1761, the eldest son of William and Agnes Parker Denny. At the age of 13 he was entrusted to carry dispatches across the Allegheny Mountains by the commandant at Fort Pitt. He crossed alone often; to conceal his presence he hid in the woods at night. At one point he was chased into Fort Loudon by the Indians. He then entered into employment for his father's shop in Carlisle. Upon learning that a letter of the marque, a privateer ship, was to sail from Philadelphia for the West Indies, he shipped as a volunteer. He was promoted to command the quarter-deck for his gallantry in numerous sea fights.
Revolutionary War.
As he was readying to sail on his second voyage he received a commission as ensign in the 1st Pennsylvania Regiment of the Continental Army in 1778. In August 1780, he was transferred to the 7th Pennsylvania Regiment, and on May 23, 1781, he was promoted to lieutenant in the 4th Pennsylvania Regiment. Shortly thereafter, he was promoted to captain.
This transpired during 1781 as the Continental Army marched south to face Cornwallis at Yorktown, Virginia, at which time the end of the long war for independence drew close. Near Williamsburg, Virginia, the regiment had a successful encounter against British forces, the partisan Simcoe. Denny in his famous military journal [http://deila.dickinson.edu/theirownwords/title/0043.htm] states, "Here for the first time saw wounded men; the sight sickened me."
As the Continental Army closed around the British stronghold at Yorktown, Captain Denny described the scene, "Army encamped on the banks of the James River; part of the French fleet in full view."
Northwest Indian War.
Denny was an officer in the First American Regiment and was active in the Northwest Indian War. He participated in the 1790 Harmar Campaign and served as aide-de-camp to Major-General Arthur St. Clair at St. Clair's Defeat. Denny kept a journal, which is considered an important primary document of the two campaigns. Following the battle, Lt. Denny wrote that the native nations were "an enemy brought up from infancy to war, and perhaps superior to an equal number of the best men that could be taken against them." He travelled to Philadelphia to deliver the official report of the loss to Secretary of War Henry Knox. Denny also compiled a dictionary of Delaware and Shawnee words. Following a 1794 mission to Fort Le Boeuf, Major Denny resigned his commission and settled near Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh.
Unlike other early pioneer towns and cities, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania did not allow a settlement to become a "city" without first being a council (burgesses) led "borough" for a number of years. Partly because of this, Denny instead started his political career in county government serving Pittsburgh.
In 1797, Denny was elected Allegheny County Commissioner. He eventually sought even higher office and ran successfully as Treasurer for the entire county in 1803 and 1808.
Being a Revolutionary War hero, and major patriot force for the frontier front of the War of 1812, Denny ran successfully to become the first mayor of the "city" of Pittsburgh on 19 July 1816.
His term in office saw much progress in the infrastructure of the young city, improving roads and wharves. Citing failing health he retired from public life and the mayor's office on January 14, 1817. He died 21 July 1822, and is interred at Allegheny Cemetery in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh.
Descendants.
Ebenezer Denny married Nancy Wilkins and had children. His son, Harmar Denny, went on to establish a political career of his own: a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives from 1824 to 1829, as well as being elected to the Twenty-first Congress through the Twenty-fourth Congress serving from 15 December 1829, to 3 March 1837.
His second great-grandson, Harmar D. Denny, Jr., served in the 82nd Congress in the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania's 29th congressional district.
Honors.
One of the first resolutions of the Pittsburgh City Council was that of honoring the patriotic and public service of Ebenezer Denny on learning of his early retirement due to health concerns in 1817. Denny Street, in the city's Lawrenceville neighborhood, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2873466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873466" title="NeXTMail">
NeXTMail

NeXTMail was the email client for the NeXTSTEP operating system. It was one of the first e-mail clients to support universally visible, clickable embedded graphics and audio within e-mail. NeXTMail made attaching images, text and videos to a message straightforward using drag and drop. It featured a service named "lip service" that allowed a user to click a button and record audio from a NeXT system's microphone. NeXTMail evolved into Apple Mail, the e-mail application bundled with Mac OS X and iOS. Steve Jobs continued using NeXTMail after his return to Apple, until OS X grew stable enough for every day use.
NeXTMail is clone from Nathaniel Borenstein's mail system.

</doc>
<doc id="2873481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873481" title="Friedrich Neznansky">
Friedrich Neznansky

Friedrich Neznansky (Russian: Фридрих Евсеевич Незнанский; September 27, 1932 – February 14, 2013) was a popular Russian crime novelist. 
Neznansky was born in Rahachow Raion, Belarus. He was a lawyer by education, practiced law in Moscow, and was an investigator at the Moscow Prosecutor General’s office for fifteen years. Although Neznansky’s crime novels are light fiction, the political and social currents of the day can be sensed in them, as well as everyday Russian realities. Neznansky's novels have been translated in several languages and some of them have been adapted for television. Neznansky died on February 14, 2013, aged 80, in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2873482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873482" title="Shannon Marketic">
Shannon Marketic

Shannon LaRhea Marketic (born January 14, 1971), is a former beauty queen from Phoenix, Arizona who became Miss USA 1992. 
Early life.
Marketic was crowned Miss Arizona Teen USA 1989 but held the title for only a week and a half after it was discovered an error had been made and she had actually placed first runner-up. 
Miss USA 1992.
A few years later, Marketic became Miss California USA 1992, and went on to represent California in the 1992 Miss USA pageant, which was broadcast live from Wichita, Kansas in February 1992. She placed second in semifinal interview, sixth in swimsuit and evening gown, which allowed her to advance as one of the Top 6 finalists of the competition with the third highest semi-finals average score. After answering the judges' questions, she went into the final 3 in second place, eventually winning the 1992 crown and the Miss Photogenic award.
Marketic went on to compete in the 1992 Miss Universe pageant held in Bangkok, Thailand on May 8 and was one of 10 semifinalists who competed for the title. She eventually placed 8th overall.
Life after Miss USA.
In 1997 Marketic filed a lawsuit against Prince Jefri Bolkiah of the ruling family of Brunei, alleging that he had compelled her into performing sexual acts for guests at a party he organized. 
Marketic has written many books about Christian subjects. She has worked as a movie actress and had a quick stint as the theatre teacher for a prestigious private school in Dallas. She is currently working as a broadcaster, media director, P.R. Director, and actress/producer.
In November 2008, Marketic adopted a baby girl, whom she has named MaryDale.
Marketic was arrested in August 2, 2010 in Denton, Texas and charged with shoplifting several cosmetic items valued at just under $90 from a Target store. Marketic denied the charges and was released the next day after posting a $500 bond.

</doc>
<doc id="2873497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873497" title="Movie Star">
Movie Star

Movie Star, Inc. is a New York City-based manufacturer, marketer and seller of lingerie, sleepwear and other types of clothing. Organized in 1935 and formerly known as Sanmark Stardust, Inc., the company became Movie Star, Inc. in 1992. It was acquired by Frederick's of Hollywood in 2006, who sold the company to Dolce Vita Intimates in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2873504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873504" title="Marge Gets a Job">
Marge Gets a Job

"Marge Gets a Job" is the seventh episode of "The Simpsons"' fourth season. It was first broadcast on November 5, 1992 on Fox. In this episode, Marge gets a job at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant to pay for foundation repair at the Simpson house. Mr. Burns develops a crush on Marge after seeing her at work and attempts to woo her. A subplot with Bart also takes place, paralleling the fable "The Boy Who Cried Wolf". It was written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein and directed by Jeffrey Lynch.
Plot.
Homer and Marge discover one side of their house is sinking, and that it needs a foundation repair. Homer tries to repair the house on his own, but is unsuccessful. Homer decides to call a foundation repairman and finds out that it will cost $8,500 for the repairs. Homer and Marge go to a party for the forced retirement of Springfield Nuclear Power Plant employee Jack Marley. Marley does not want to retire, and the retirement party entertainment is filled with music praising Mr. Burns. With Marley's position open at the power plant, Marge decides to apply for it to get the money for the foundation repair. Thanks to Lisa's creative and very impressive résumé, Marge gets the job at the power plant. Homer is worried about working in the same place as Marge.
Meanwhile at school, Bart does not want to take a test, so he fakes a stomachache. Mrs. Krabappel asks if Bart has ever read "The Boy Who Cried Wolf". From his office, Mr. Burns watches surveillance footage of his plant without enthusiasm. When Marge appears, however, he is enamored and begins a crusade to win her affection. He begins to take her advice on ways to cheer everyone up around the plant, "Funny Hat Day" and playing Tom Jones's music over the plant's speakers. 
Bart returns to school, but when Mrs. Krabappel suggests that he take a make-up test, he immediately procrastinates. Grandpa comes to pick him up and on the way home, references "The Boy Who Cried Wolf". Again, Bart is unfazed. When he returns to school once more, he is forced to take the make-up test without any exception. Bart begins to protest, but Mrs. Krabappel ignores. She places him alone outside the classroom, hands him the test, and leaves while Bart is doing so.
At Krustylu Studios, the taping of Krusty the Clown's latest show features a wildlife expert visiting, showing a large hawk and an Alaskan timberwolf, who warns he is spooked by loud noises. Unfortunately for the wolf, Krusty declares "loud" being the secret word of the day. Celebration and noise ensues, causing the wolf, terrified, panics and escapes the studio.
The wolf runs to Springfield Elementary School, where he attacks Bart outside the classroom. He cries "Wolf!" but Mrs. Krabappel ignores his pleas. Eventually, Groundskeeper Willie rescues Bart by attacking the wolf, telling Bart to return to his classroom. Since he feels that he will not be believed that he was attacked by a wolf, Bart decides to say that he made it up, thus showing a "little honesty" to Mrs. Krabappel. He then passes out on the floor. Grandpa takes him home, while Willie gives the wolf some alcohol and consoles him about losing.
Mr. Burns attempts with the help of a hostage Tom Jones, to seduce Marge. When she tells him that she is married, he fires her. She threatens a lawsuit and enlists the help of Lionel Hutz, who is completely unsuccessful and runs yelping from Mr. Burns's squad of real lawyers. Mr. Burns has a change of heart after seeing how Homer would stand up for Marge. The episode ends as Homer and Marge enjoy a private show performed by the chained-up Tom Jones.
Production.
The idea for the show came from Conan O'Brien, who thought of Marge getting a job at the power plant and that Mr. Burns has a crush on her. The animators had trouble animating Marge with the suit and lipstick. Director Jeff Lynch said there were a few scenes where Marge "looks like a monster". All the jargon used by Troy McClure was accurately taken from a Time–Life foundation repair book. The original subplot for the episode was Mr. Burns telling Homer to dress up as Mister Atom and have him go to schools to talk to the children. The cast really liked Tom Jones as a guest star. They said he was fun to work with, and was really nice, and even offered to perform a concert after he was done recording lines. The scene on the Krusty the Klown show where they had guest animals is a parody of the guest animals on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno".
The animators had originally drawn three different versions of Bart after he was attacked by the wolf. They picked the version that looked the least scary, as they did not want Bart to look too "beaten up". An animation error during the dream sequence with Mr. Burns also caused issues when dealing with network censors, mistaking a "lump in his bed" which was supposed to be Mr. Smithers' knee as an erection.
Cultural references.
The song performed for Mr. Burns at the retirement party is a reference to "Citizen Kane". The photo of Mr. Burns meeting Elvis is very close to the photo of Richard Nixon meeting Elvis. While Mr. Burns is looking through the surveillance cameras, "The Imperial March" from the "Star Wars" films is being played in the background.
Reception.
In its original broadcast, "Marge Gets a Job" finished 25th in ratings for the week of November 2-8, 1992, with a Nielsen rating of 13.6, equivalent to approximately 12.7 million viewing households. It was the highest-rated show on the Fox network that week, beating "Beverly Hills, 90210" and "The Simpsons" episode "", which aired on Tuesday in the same week. Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide" commented, "We like Bart's fantasy of the radioactive Marie and Pierre Curie, and Smithers' fantasy of his loved one flying through the window. A collection of wonderful set pieces rather than a story, which fizzles out without any real attempt at an ending." "Empire" placed the "Mister Burns" dance member as the show's fourth best film parody, "the pick of a big bunch" from the show's many "Citizen Kane" parodies, coming "replete with Wellesian camera angles and subtly altered lyrics".
Censorship.
In the original airing of this episode, Mrs. Krabappel names several different diseases Bart has faked in order to get out of taking his English test, one of which is Tourette's syndrome. After Bart claims that he is not over it, he begins barking and snarling and mutters, "Shove it, witch!" This scene garnered many complaints from people who thought it was tasteless of the writers to make fun of an actual condition and Joshua Smith, a boy in Renton, Washington began seeking legal action. Smith demanded that they "not repeat the episode and have Bart Simpson befriend somebody with Tourette's on the show" and include an apology from Bart at the end. Executive producer Mike Reiss replied with an apology saying "We kind of feel like we made a mistake this time. We felt bad about this." In a move that was unprecedented for the show, the producers agreed to remove the scene from future broadcasts. However, Smith's other requests went unfulfilled. In the version of the episode released on season four DVD boxset, the part with Bart demonstrating his supposed Tourette's syndrome to Mrs. Krabappel was kept intact, but Krabappel's line about Bart having "...that unfortunate bout of Tourette's syndrome" was replaced with "...that unfortunate bout of rabies."
Additionally, during Mr. Smithers' dream sequence with Mr. Burns, censors demanded the cutting of several seconds of animation that showed "Mr. Burns land in a particular position on Smithers anatomy".
Following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami and the associated nuclear emergency, the episode was pulled from an Austrian network due to jokes about radiation poisoning.

</doc>
<doc id="2873505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873505" title="Tagima">
Tagima

Tagima is a Brazilian guitar manufacturing company. 
The name Tagima comes from Seizi Tagima, a Japanese descendant who learned to craft guitars just by watching the process.
In the 1980s, he began to produce his own electric guitars and basses. After becoming successful, he sold the rights of the Tagima but kept helping its development, becoming the most famous Brazilian luthier.
Recently he severed ties with the firm and started his own custom shop in São Paulo.
The Volkswagen has partnered with Tagima to create
vintage model, is one Volkswagen Gol, which comes with a
guitar exclusively for the series "gol vintage" will be
produced about 30 units of vintage of Volkswagen Gol, celebrating the 30th anniversary of the Volkswagen Gol

</doc>
<doc id="2873508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873508" title="Long Way Down (Goo Goo Dolls song)">
Long Way Down (Goo Goo Dolls song)

"Long Way Down" is the fifth single by the Goo Goo Dolls from their breakthrough album, 1995's "A Boy Named Goo". This song is often overshadowed by the low-key ballad "Name", which launched the band to household names. Although it could not match the chart-topping success of "Name" on the rock and pop charts, "Long Way Down" reached #7 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, but only made it halfway up the Modern Rock Tracks chart (#25). It did not reach the pop charts. "Long Way Down" was also part of the soundtrack for the 1996 film "Twister".
Use by other artists.
"Long Way Down" was covered by metalcore band Haste the Day as the final track on their album "When Everything Falls", released in 2005 on Solid State Records.
In 2009, rapper Charles Hamilton sampled "Long Way Down" on a song titled "Something" for his mixtape "My Brain Is Alive".

</doc>
<doc id="2873510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873510" title="WCKY-FM">
WCKY-FM

WCKY-FM (103.7 FM, "103-7 CKY") is a radio station licensed to Pemberville, Ohio, serving the Toledo market. It operates a country music format. From its inception until 2008, the station was licensed to (and originally broadcast from) Tiffin, Ohio. Originally it simulcast and was a sister station to WTTF, now an AM station at 1600 kHz.
History.
Beginnings: as WTTF-FM.
WCKY first signed on the air as WTTF-FM in 1963, four years after the premiere of its AM sister. The station was founded by Robert G. Wright and Milton Maltz, who formed Malrite Communications, based in Cleveland, Ohio. The station first broadcast from its AM transmitter site at an effective radiated power of 3,000 watts at the time of its inception.
In the mid-1980s, WTTF-FM was granted a construction permit to operate at an effective radiated power of 50,000 watts. WTTF, Inc. built a new tower on County Road 48 to accommodate the larger antenna needed for the upgrade, on the property of its then vice president, Richard J. Wright. After the upgrade, there were few changes in the station's program offerings.
As one of the few high-powered FM radio stations in rural northwest Ohio, the station offered a full-service format of both oldies and adult contemporary music, with high school sports and college sports from Heidelberg College and Tiffin University.
Break from Malrite.
In the late 1970s, Wright sold his interest in Malrite to his partner. The transaction resulted in the split of WTTF-AM-FM from Malrite and operated as a separate entity under Wright's management. Wright died of lung cancer in the early 1980s.
His younger son Richard, who served as the station's engineer, ascended to the position of General Manager. Wright's other son Robert (who answered to his middle name Ed until his father's death, then took the nickname "Bob") E. Wright, continued in his capacity as Program Director.
WTTF in its heyday.
WTTF prided itself on community service and had a full contingency of live on-air personnel at a time when most stations were automating. Music was delivered almost exclusively on records and the station had an extensive record library encompassing adult contemporary, country and some rock and roll. There was a special Saturday oldies programming, on vinyl records supplied by the station and by the disc jockeys.
Prior to the FCC Telecommunications Act of 1996, which made the EAS (Emergency Alert) system the law of the land, radio stations broadcast emergency information through EBS (Emergency Broadcast System). Rather than pay full price for an expensive unit to receive EBS messages, Richard Wright built his own receiver, called the DW-76 (meaning Dick Wright and the year it was manufactured). The unit field-tested successfully, and received FCC Type Acceptance for legal use, but only for WTTF-AM-FM. 
Bob Wright handled morning DJ duties with two others handling the midday and evening on-air DJ shifts, as well as a news staff of two. Bob also did a daily talk and opinion show called "Sound Off" from 11-11:30 a.m. Under the Wright ownership, the station only broadcast about 16 hours a day.
The station had a community service and adult contemporary music format during the day. Around 6 p.m., the station played country music on a program called the "Double T Roundup." The AM station (1600) signed off at local sundown. The FM station (103.7) broadcast until 10 p.m. During the day, the two stations simulcast.
Among the many announcers that had peopled WTTF over the years were Jack Kagy (who served as news director for 19 years), Rick (Cochran) West (nearly eight years in the mid-day slot), Kevin Craig, Randy Dean, Ken Hawk, Andree Sterling, and Frank Barber. Many of these announcers and many others went on to larger markets for many years as WTTF provided a fertile training ground.
Tragedy Strikes: Bob Wright dies.
The Wright family's ownership came to an abrupt and tragic end in the winter of 1996 when Bob Wright was killed in a head-on collision during a snowstorm north of Tiffin on Ohio Route 53, when his Jeep Wrangler went left of center and struck an oncoming pickup truck. The 65-year-old woman driving the pickup also died in the crash.
Wright, who never married nor sired offspring, was 56. Surviving co-owners Richard Wright, along with his mother, Florence, agreed to sell WTTF to Jacor Communications later that year. Jacor eventually was absorbed into Clear Channel Communications, which continued to operate both stations separately as WTTF and WCKY-FM.
Today as WCKY-FM.
After the sale of the station, former co-owner Dick Wright remained as an assistant engineer on a contract basis, up until his death January 1, 2008 [http://www.toledoblade.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20080104/NEWS13/801040395].
Clear Channel initially was selling their Findlay cluster, along with other small market clusters, over to Florida based GoodRadio.TV LLC in May 2007, but the deal soon collapsed prior to FCC approval. Clear Channel ended up spinning off WTTF, along with the Sandusky cluster and WPFX over to Fremont-based BAS Broadcasting on January 15, 2008. BAS took over WTTF on February 1, and as WCKY-FM is not included in the deal, this ended 45 years of common ownership between the two stations.
As of December 2007, the station has dropped the "Buckeye Country" identifier and is identifying simply as "103-7 CKY." under former Toledo radio personality Johny D (formerly with WVKS and WKRK and WTWR-FM). The station has also changed its city of license to Pemberville in the hopes of better targeting the Toledo market, where it currently has a minimal ratings presence, and competing with market leader WKKO.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="2873513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873513" title="Unorganized machine">
Unorganized machine

An unorganized machine is a concept mentioned in a far-sighted 1948 report in which Alan Turing suggested that the infant human cortex was what he called an "unorganised machine". Turing defined the class of unorganized machines as largely random in their initial construction, but capable of being trained to perform particular tasks. Turing's unorganized machines were in fact very early examples of randomly connected, binary neural networks, and Turing claimed that these were the simplest possible model of the nervous system. 
Turing had been interested in the possibility of simulating neural systems for at least the previous two years. In correspondence with William Ross Ashby in 1946 he writes:
In his 1948 paper Turing defined two examples of his unorganized machines. The first were "A-type machines" — these being essentially randomly connected networks of NAND logic gates. The second were called "B-type machines", which could be created by taking an A-type machine and replacing every inter-node connection with a structure called a "connection modifier" — which itself is made from A-type nodes. The purpose of the connection modifiers were to allow the B-type machine to undergo "appropriate interference, mimicking education" in order to organize the behaviour of the network to perform useful work. Before the term "genetic algorithm" was coined, Turing even proposed the use of what he called a "genetical search" to configure his unorganized machines. Turing claimed that the behaviour of B-type machines could be very complex when the number of nodes in the network was large, and stated that the "picture of the cortex as an unorganized machine is very satisfactory from the point of view of evolution and genetics".

</doc>
<doc id="2873514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873514" title="Arquà Petrarca">
Arquà Petrarca

Arquà Petrarca is a town and municipality ("comune") in northeastern Italy, in the Veneto region, in the province of Padua.
As of 2007 the estimated population of Arquà Petrarca was 1,835. The town is part of the club The most beautiful villages in Italy, and it has been awarded the Bandiera arancione award for excellence in tourism, hospitality and the environment.
Petrarch.
Arquà is the place where the poet Petrarch (Francesco Petrarca) lived the final four years of his life (1370–74). In 1870, the town of Arquà added his name to its own. The house where he lived is now a museum dedicated to the poet. The German international literary Petrarca-Preis awards were held in his residence in 1976 and 1977. In 2004, the 700th anniversary of the poet's birth was celebrated here and in nearby Padua.
History.
Human presence in Arquà dates back to the Bronze Age, according to archaeological excavations made between the second half of the 19th century and the first decades of the 20th century. At the edge of the current city archaeologists found a necropolis attributed to the Euganeans, a population living in the area before the colonization of Rome.
Origin of the name.
The name of Arquà derives from Latin "Arquatum " or "Arquata "("Arched"), which was modified during the period of the Republic of Venice in "Arquada" and finally "Arquà". In 1868, after Veneto was annexed to the Reign of Italy, the name was changed to "Arquà Petrarca" as an homage to the poet who spent there the last years of his life.
Tourism.
Still today, the town preserves a medieval aspect, and it is set in a picturesque location on the slopes of Monte Ventolone and Monte Castello, within the Euganean Hills. Arquà features two city squares: Piazza Petrarca (Petrarch's square) and Piazza San Marco (St. Mark's square). Near St. Mark's square lies the Vicars' Lodge, a public space built in the 14th century for heads of families to discuss with the Vicar. In 2003, the roof was rebuilt with a structure of glass and copper, after being demolished in 1828. Being it a small village, a complete tour of the main historical sites requires only a few hours.
Agriculture is commonly practiced in Arquà: local produce includes olives, extra virgin olive oil, honey, chestnuts, and ziziphus.

</doc>
<doc id="2873516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873516" title="Waitakere Railway Station">
Waitakere Railway Station

Waitakere Railway Station is the terminus of the Western Line of the Auckland suburban network in New Zealand, on the North Auckland Line. From 2015, services to Waitakere will cease to operate by train, and will be replaced by buses.
It has a crossing loop, a turntable and a small station building, which is in a poor state of repair.
History.
The station opened in 1881, an original stations on this section of the North Auckland Line, as "Waitakerei", changed to the current spelling in 1909. In 1972 the station building was replaced, the old building being relocated to MOTAT for preservation.
This station has been a suburban terminus since the 1930s, despite low patronage. In 1980, after the daily service between Auckland and Helensville was withdrawn, it became the terminus for passenger trains and in railway terms the northernmost passenger station on the national rail network (geographically the former Auckland Railway Station was further north).
Off-peak Mondays to Fridays every second Western Line train from Britomart continues beyond Swanson to Waitakere. These services will cease to operate from 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="2873520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873520" title="Swanson Railway Station">
Swanson Railway Station

Swanson Railway Station is on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network, on the North Auckland Line. It will be the westernmost and northernmost point of the electrified network when electrification is completed. From 2015, the station will be the terminus of the Western Line as services to Waitakere will cease to operate by train, and will be replaced by buses.

</doc>
<doc id="2873526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873526" title="Beauty Was a Tiger">
Beauty Was a Tiger

Beauty Was a Tiger is the debut solo album by Australian singer Sarah McLeod. It was released in September 2005 by Festival Mushroom Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2873527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873527" title="Henderson Railway Station">
Henderson Railway Station

Henderson Railway Station is a major station on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network. It is near the town centre of Henderson and the new Council offices, as well as a major shopping centre, Westfield WestCity.
Major upgrade.
A major upgrade of the station was completed on 24 October 2006. The new station opened on 2 November 2006, 125 years after the railway first reached Henderson. The new station has an island platform and a new enclosed glass footbridge connecting it to the Auckland Council office buildings.
Station name.
It was proposed that the station be renamed "Waitakere Central" when it was upgraded because it was integrated with the then Waitakere City Council's new Civic Building. Some people said that the name should be left as it is since it is the name of the local area. It was claimed that there would be confusion with Waitakere, the terminus of most Western Line services. Due to opposition to the name change, the station has "Waitakere Central" only as a subtitle.

</doc>
<doc id="2873530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873530" title="New Lynn Railway Station">
New Lynn Railway Station

New Lynn Railway Station is on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network, New Zealand, and is part of an integrated transport centre where transfers can be made to and from bus services. A redeveloped station in a new rail trench was opened on 25 September 2010. LynnMall, a major shopping mall, is close by. 
Rail trench.
In the late 2000s, local and regional government, as part of the revitalising of the regional rail commuter network, decided to build a new "feature station" at New Lynn, which included sinking the tracks and station into a trench. Road was grade-separated from rail to enable vehicle traffic to pass over the line. Before the trenching works, the level crossings in the town centre were often blocked by passing trains, leading to substantial congestion, which would have only increased with more train services.
The new rail trench and associated sunken station were to be constructed with up to 16m deep diaphragm walls using specially imported cranes and specialists. This was required due to the unstable, water-logged soils and the need to avoid settlement damage to close-by buildings. The procedure to construct the 1 km of trench (with finished depth of up to 8m) involved multiple temporary shifts of the railway line and of various associated roads, and was called the most difficult part of the DART railway development program in Auckland. Wet ground conditions had also forced a redesign of the trench methods, and delayed the project start by six months.
References.
Trench wall panels designed by Auckland artist Louise Purvis and are made from GRC. Research by Purvis and Waitakere City Council Art project Manager Mark Osborne

</doc>
<doc id="2873532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873532" title="List of earthquakes in South Asia">
List of earthquakes in South Asia

The following is a list of earthquakes in South Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="2873537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873537" title="James Cassidy (musician)">
James Cassidy (musician)

James Cassidy (also known as Jim Cassidy and Jim Kazmeyer) is an American musician and educator who is one of the founding members of the band Information Society (InSoc). He played bass and keyboards with the band from its beginning in the early 1980s until 1992, when the group released its final album as a trio, "Peace & Love, Inc."
After the band dissolved, Cassidy left the music business and enrolled at Mt. Hood Community College in Gresham, Oregon, earning an Associate of Science degree in fisheries technology. He earned a bachelor's degree in fisheries science and a master's degree in crop and soil science from Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon.
Cassidy is an instructor and research assistant in crop science and soil science at Oregon State University, where he also runs the OSU Organic Growers Club.
In 2006, Cassidy and Paul Robb reconvened InSoc with a new lineup and released new material in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2873538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873538" title="Leaky feeder">
Leaky feeder

A leaky feeder is a communications system used in underground mining and other tunnel environments. The layman's term "leaky feeder" implies that the cable is in some way deficient. Manufacturers and cabling professionals use the term "radiating cable" as this implies that the cable is designed to radiate: something that coaxial cable is not generally supposed to do.
Principle of operation.
A "leaky feeder" communication system consists of a coaxial cable run along tunnels which emits and receives radio waves, functioning as an extended antenna. The cable is "leaky" in that it has gaps or slots in its outer conductor to allow the radio signal to leak into or out of the cable along its entire length. Because of this leakage of signal, line amplifiers are required to be inserted at regular intervals, typically every 350 to 500 metres, to boost the signal back up to acceptable levels. The signal is usually picked up by portable transceivers carried by personnel. Transmissions from the transceivers are picked up by the feeder and carried to other parts of the tunnel, allowing two-way radio communication throughout the tunnel system.
The system has a limited range and because of the frequency it uses (typically VHF or UHF), transmissions cannot pass through solid rock, which limits the system to a line-of-sight application. It does, however, allow two-way mobile communication.
Applications.
Mining.
Leaky feeder has been used in the mining as a method of wireless communication between miners. The system is used as a primary communication system which has a transceiver small enough to be comfortably worn a miner throughout an entire shift.
Underground railways.
Leaky feeder system is also used for underground mobile communication in mass transit railways. In Hong Kong the leaky feeder aerial was incorporated in the specification of the capital project and installed during construction. This allows emergency services seamless mobile communication from the underground to the surface.
In London, London Underground uses a leaky feeder system for their internal communication network "Connect". The emergency services' communications system however was not compatible and did not work underground. That this situation continued to exist after the 1987 King's Cross fire was criticized in reports into the 7 July 2005 London bombings, where it hampered rescue efforts.
An alternative to using leaky feeder in underground railways is to use Distributed Antenna System (DAS). A DAS system was deployed in some New York City Subway stations by Transit Wireless to provide WiFi and mobile phone and data coverage for customers.
In-flight entertainment systems.
Aircraft also use a leaky feeder antenna system for the latest generation of IFE systems.
Industrial buildings.
Leaky feeder is also being used in warehouses and other industrial buildings where it is difficult to get WiFi coverage using normal access points. Real life installations with 50–75 meters of leaky wire connected to the antenna input of Access Points exist, and are working fine.

</doc>
<doc id="2873540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873540" title="Halberstam">
Halberstam

Halberstam (‎, ‎) is a Jewish surname, used by several branches of a more ancient family called Halberstadt.
Halberstam, meaningless in its current form, is altered from an older name, Halberstadt, used by many descendants of Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh (died 1748), the rabbi of Halberstadt.
The change of Halberstadt to Halberstam is often thought to have been implemented by Rabbi Chaim Halberstam of Sanz (Nowy Sącz), as implied by Rabbi Yechezkel Michelsohn of Płońsk, in his biography of Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh Halberstadt and his descendants, who records the rabbi of Sanz's displeasure at bearing the name of a non-Jewish settlement as his motive. However, even first and second cousins of the rabbi of Sanz are known to have borne the modified name, implying that that the change was made at least two generations before him. Joseph Kwadrat believes that Halberstadt was modified to Halberstam (or, in one branch, to Halberthal) by members of the family then residing in Galicia to conform with the surname adoption laws of the Austrian Empire.
Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2873544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873544" title="Lostwood Wilderness">
Lostwood Wilderness

Lostwood Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the U.S. state of North Dakota. Created by an act of Congress in 1975, the wilderness covers an area of 5,577 acres (22.56 km2). Contained within Lostwood National Wildlife Refuge, the wilderness is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
Designated to preserve a region well known for numerous lakes and mixed grass prairie, the wilderness ensures that the finest duck and waterfowl breeding region in North America remains wild and unimproved.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles. Although camping and fishing are usually allowed with a proper permit, no roads or buildings are constructed and there is also no logging or mining, in compliance with the 1964 Wilderness Act. Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season.

</doc>
<doc id="2873559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873559" title="Cartoys">
Cartoys

Car Toys, Inc. is a medium-sized chain of stores, founded and headquartered in Seattle. There are currently 50 stores, distributed throughout Washington, Oregon, Colorado, and Texas. Car Toys currently has over 1,000 employees, some of whom work in both the corporate headquarters and a distribution center. The retailer specializes in all assortment of mobile electronics products, but primarily sells automobile audio equipment and wireless phone devices.
History.
Car Toys was founded in 1987 by Dan Brettler, who continues as the President and CEO of Car Toys. The company has a Board of Directors though shares are not publicly traded. In 2004, "Twice Magazine" ranked Car Toys as the 5th largest national mobile electronic retailer.
Awards and Recognition.
Recognized as a “Retailer of the Year” numerous times by "Mobile Electronics Magazine", "Mobile Electronics Certification Program" and "CES Daily", Car Toys has been included in Audio/Video International Magazine’s “Top Ten 12-Volt Retailers” for 12 years running and is the only 12-volt retailer currently listed in Twice’s “Top 100” list of top consumer electronic retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="2873562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873562" title="Mount Albert Railway Station">
Mount Albert Railway Station

Mount Albert Railway Station is in the suburb of Mount Albert on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network, near Unitec, a local tertiary education provider, and is popular with Unitec students. It has an island platform and is reached by a footbridge from Carrington Road and a subway between Willcott Street and New North Road.
In 2010, significant discussion, including during the run-up to the local body elections, considered the station (and especially its access-ways and weather shelters) as dilapidated and in need of renewal. Also particularly criticised were the run-down shop rear areas fronting the railway station from the New North Road side. A former Auckland City councilor suggested that a green wall would offer an option to hide these unsightly areas behind low-cost, low-maintenance planting.
Bus transfers.
The following bus services pass this station, allowing easy transfer, although there are no signs or information provided at the station:

</doc>
<doc id="2873564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873564" title="1939–40 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1939–40 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1939–40 Yugoslav Football Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1939/40 / Државно првенство 1939/40) was the 17th, and last, season of Kingdom of Yugoslavia's premier football competition. The season lasted from May 2 to June 19, 1940.
The league played a contracted season. In 1939, as the Second World War began in parts of Europe, Croatian and Slovenian clubs began leaving the Football Association of Yugoslavia and joining the Croatian Football Federation, in protest of the supposed sports' centralization among Serbs in Belgrade.
The league included now two separate leagues which would function as qualificational leagues for the final stage, the Serbian Football League and the Croatian-Slovenian Football League. The top three clubs from each league will qualify for the final stage of the Yugoslav Championship. The Croatian-Slovenian League was formed by the clubs of the newly formed Banovina of Croatia and the Drava Banovina (corresponding to Slovenia and who´s only participant was NK Ljubljana), while the Serbian League was formed by the rest of the Banovinas, namely the Danube, Drina, Morava, Vardar, Vrbas and Zeta ones. BSK, Slavija and Jugoslavija qualified through the Serbian one, while Građanski, Hajduk and HAŠK through the Croatian-Slovenian. At the end of the season Građanski won the national title. The Yugoslav First League continued on, soon to be renamed the Serbian First League. The split was eventually rectified with the promise of more representation for Croats and Slovenes, with the national football association being restructured as the Supreme Football Association of Yugoslavia. A short, ten-game season was played. 
Having been invaded by the Axis Powers on April 6, 1941, the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was dismembered and this would be the last Yugoslav Championship. In 1940 the qualifiers for the Yugoslav Championship were played split in three qualifying leagues, the Serbian League and, instead of the Croato-Slovenian there was now a separate Croatian and Slovenian League. The three leagues were supposed to be the qualifiers for the 1940–41 Yugoslav Championship, however the championship was never played. Instead, the 1940–41 Croatian First League became the national championship of the newly created Nazi puppet state Independent State of Croatia (NDH), which enjoyed peace per se as an Axis member and continued to hold national competitions until 1944, while the Serbian Football League became the national championship of the occupied Serbia.
In 1946, the Yugoslav First League was reestablished.
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
Građanski Zagreb (manager: Marton Bukovi)
Emil Urch<br> Miroslav Brozović<br> Ivan Jazbinšek<br> Zvonimir Cimermančić<br> Svetozar Đanić<br> Ivan Belošević<br> August Lešnik<br> Milan Antolković<br> Florijan Matekalo<br> Drago Žalant<br> Mirko Kokotović

</doc>
<doc id="2873568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873568" title="Napoleon Solo">
Napoleon Solo

Napoleon Solo is a fictional character from the 1960s TV spy series "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." The series was remarkable for pairing the American Solo, played by Robert Vaughn, and the Russian Illya Kuryakin as two spies who work together for an international espionage organisation at the height of the Cold War.
Background.
The character was created by Ian Fleming as a small screen version of James Bond. Solo possesses a charm, sophistication, efficiency, and weakness for beautiful women comparable to Bond's. But Solo is considerably less intense and also less brutal than the English spy, and he possesses a laid-back ease that recalls the young Cary Grant. The show's original concept had Solo as a Canadian; but he is consistently American in the show. 
Solo is Number One in Section Two (Operations and Enforcement) at U.N.C.L.E. (During the show's black & white first season, the number on his official badge was the Roman numeral 'II,' signifying that he was the head of Section Two. But when the show went to color the following season, Vaughn picked up the new colored badge with "11" on it, and the mistake was never corrected.) It was originally intended that Solo would be the primary focus of the series, however the unexpected popularity of the Russian agent, Illya Kuryakin, played by David McCallum, saw McCallum elevated to co-star status. Most of the episodes devote equal screen time to Kuryakin and Solo, and much of the success of the program was based on the chemistry between McCallum and Vaughn.
Personality.
The two characters are, in many ways, polar opposites. Solo is urbane, self-assured, sociable, charming, and laid-back. Kuryakin, on the other hand, is reserved, intellectual, and intense. Although we know almost as little about his background as we do about that of his Russian partner, Solo comes across as the more accessible and straightforward of the two men.
He dressed well and had a taste for expensive suits and ties. His hairstyle and his clothing did not change in the first three seasons but in the fourth and final year, Vaughn (like McCallum) grew his hair much longer and wore modish clothing, such as double-breasted suits, in order to reflect evolving 1960s fashions that the show itself had influenced.
In "The Secret Sceptre Affair", it is stated that Solo served in the Korean War. Nothing much is known about his immediate family, although it appears one of his grandfathers was an admiral, the other was an ambassador ("The Green Opal Affair"). He is college-educated. Like his partner Kuryakin, he has a wide knowledge of English poetry. Unlike his partner, he lacks a broad knowledge of science and technology. He is skilled in martial arts; he can fly a plane and a helicopter.
Like Bond, Solo is a serial womanizer. In the first season's press guide, Solo's democratic view of women is described in words paraphrased from George Orwell's 1947 allegorical novel about the Bolshevik Revolution, "Animal Farm": "Solo believes that all women are created equal, only some are more equal than others." We rarely see him treat a woman with anything other than respect and affection on screen; however, he is involved with countless women and does not sustain a single long-term relationship throughout the four years of the show. Although it is never mentioned in the series, one of the original suggestions for Solo’s background had him marrying young and losing his wife in a car accident after only one year of marriage. The only ex-girlfriend of Solo’s who is given any extended screen time is Clara in “The Terbuf Affair”, in which it is hinted that Solo may be nursing a broken heart as a result of the end of that relationship. In “The Deadly Games Affair”, it is revealed that he has a long standing on-off relationship with the THRUSH femme fatale, Angelique. He also seems familiar with other THRUSH female operatives like Serena in "The Double Affair" and Narcissus in "The Project Deephole Affair", as well as various U.N.C.L.E. female agents like Wanda (played by actresses Leigh Chapman and Sharyn Hillyer). He sometimes takes an interest in other people’s romantic affairs and plays matchmaker on more than one occasion. In "The Deep Six Affair", he objects to Mr. Waverly’s trying to call off the wedding of another U.N.C.L.E. agent.
His charm and social skills are his most potent weapons, allowing him to manipulate almost every situation to his own advantage. He is keenly aware of his abilities in this area. When in "The Candidate’s Wife Affair" Kuryakin sees him romancing a woman and asks in exasperation “Don’t you ever turn it off?” Solo responds, tongue in cheek, "When you’ve got it, you’ve got it; I’ve got it." But there is a certain idealism at the heart of his character. In "The Giuoco Piano Affair", a THRUSH operative offers this summary of Solo's character --
"For a man like you, if there's the smallest doubt in your mind, no matter how insignificant the cause, you have to make the ultimate sacrifice. Your respect for what you think is right is your weakness."
Solo is also an indefatigable optimist that rarely, if ever, countenances the idea that he might not succeed in everything he attempts. He also has a cool head. Unlike his Russian associate, he rarely exhibits anger or loses his temper.
Afterlife.
"The Man from U.N.C.L.E." was cancelled mid-way through its fourth season in 1968. Vaughn reprised the role of Solo for a TV movie "The Return of the Man from UNCLE: The Fifteen Years Later Affair", in 1983.
The character has enjoyed a rich afterlife in fandom, particularly in fan fiction. In the 1988 comic "Shattered Visage", made as a sequel to the spy show "The Prisoner", Solo and Kuryakin both make cameos at the funeral of a spy, along with John Steed and Emma Peel.
The Danish SKA band Napoleon Solo and Spanish indie-pop band Napoleon Solo are named after him, while El Paso post-hardcore band At the Drive-In have a song named "Napoleon Solo" on their album In/Casino/Out.
Film.
Henry Cavill will be portraying Solo in "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", a feature film adaptation of the TV series of the same name, having replaced Tom Cruise after Cruise decline the part in order to work on .

</doc>
<doc id="2873592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873592" title="Caporal">
Caporal

Caporal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2873593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873593" title="Mike Quatro">
Mike Quatro

Michael Quatro is a keyboard player and songwriter who released several albums in the 1970s. These albums became especially popular in Detroit, Michigan, where Quatro was popular on the club scene. He also received some airplay on FM radio. Quatro's 1972 album "Paintings" contains his popular single "Circus (What I Am)", which peaked at #8 on "Billboard" Magazine's Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. It peaked at #91 on the "Cash Box" Top 100 Singles chart.
He is also an independent entertainment executive and the older brother of musician Suzi Quatro. When Mickie Most was in Detroit, Quatro persuaded him to see Cradle perform. Suzi Quatro was part of the band. Most decided to sign her as a solo act, but did not want to break up Cradle, which was a family band. When Cradle eventually did break up, Suzi Quatro signed up with Most. As a result, she became a major rock star, the first female bass player to do so—her success in the 1970s empowered women.

</doc>
<doc id="2873595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873595" title="Vernon Ransford">
Vernon Ransford

Vernon Seymour Ransford (20 March 1885, in South Yarra, Victoria – 19 March 1958, in Brighton, Victoria) was an Australian cricketer who played in 20 Tests between 1907 and 1912. His best series was the 1909 tour of England when he topped the Australian batting averages, helped by a career best score of 143 not out. The following year he was a Wisden Cricketer of the Year. After retiring from playing he served as President of the Melbourne Football Club in 1927/1928, and secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Club (where he had played his domestic cricket) from 1939 to 1957. 

</doc>
<doc id="2873597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873597" title="Edward Edson Lee">
Edward Edson Lee

Edward Edson Lee (September 2, 1884 in Meriden, Illinois – September 28, 1944 in Rockford, Illinois), who wrote under the pen name of Leo Edwards, was a popular children's literature author in the 1920s and 1930s.
Biography.
Lee had a difficult childhood, dropping out of school to go to work in his early teens. He got his start as a writer writing serialized stories, most notably in "American Boy" magazine. His first book, "Andy Blake in Advertising", was published in 1922 (reprinted in 1928 as the first volume in the Andy Blake series).
He wrote five series of books: the Jerry Todd series of sixteen books; the Poppy Ott series of eleven books; the Trigger Berg series of four books; the Andy Blake series of four books; and the Tuffy Bean series of four books. All of the series were interrelated in some way; the Todd and Ott stories took place in the town of Tutter, Illinois, a fictional town modeled on the town of Utica, which Lee experienced in his childhood. The supporting characters in the Todd and Ott books — "Red" Meyers, "Scoop" Ellery, and "Peg" Shaw — were real boys that Lee befriended around the time he began writing the stories while living in Shelby, Ohio.
Edward Edson Lee is buried in Beloit, Wisconsin.
Legacy.
Initially forgotten after his death, Lee's books (most of them graced by the gaudy and idiosyncratic illustrations of Bert Salg) have become highly valued by juvenile book collectors.
The end of each Jerry Todd book had the unusual feature of printed letters from readers and Lee's warm, informal responses to them. This tradition — and intimate tone — was later imitated by Marvel Comics editor/publisher Stan Lee (no relation) in the "Marvel Bullpen Bulletins" pages printed in the pages of all Marvel comics.
The 1990s power pop band Cockeyed Ghost took its name from one of Edwards' more obscure books, "Trigger Berg and the Cock-Eyed Ghost".
In his autobiography, "Where's the Rest of Me?" Ronald Reagan wrote that, growing up in Tampico, Illinois, he had a boyhood much like Jerry Todd.

</doc>
<doc id="2873598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873598" title="Caporales">
Caporales

Caporales is a traditional Bolivian dance originating in the Department of La Paz, Bolivia; danced as well in Peru and Argentina it was created and presented to the public for the first time in 1969 by the Estrada Pacheco brothers, who were inspired in the Afro-Bolivian Saya character of the "Caporal", a dance that belongs to the region of the Yungas, Bolivia. The dance, however, has a prominent religious aspect. One supposedly dances for The Virgin of Socavón (patroness of miners), or the Virgin of Candelaria, and promises to dance for three years of one's life. Caporal or caporales today it is a folklore dance very popularly in the festivities of not only Bolivia, but also Argentina, Chile, and Peru.
In June 2011, through a Supreme Decree Caporales was declared Intangible Cultural Heritage of the Plurinational State of Bolivia.
There are many groups in the US that do these dances, such as Orgullo Boliviano, Alma Boliviana, San Simon Universitartio Virginia, FFBRI, San Simon USA, Sangre Boliviana, Fraternidad Folklorica Y Cultural Ruphay, and much more. A male caporal dress depicts an old Spanish military guard. Wearing heeled boots bearing large bells known as "cascabeles", a male dancer carries a hat in his left hand and a whip in his right(sometimes). Even some girls will dance in a male role; some may refer to them as "chinas" or "machas". A female caporal dress consists of a minidress with matching panties, skin-color pantyhose, fancy high-heeled shoes, and a round top hat pinned to her hair. The style and colours of the dress are maintained the same for both the men and women of a certain group, but can vary drastically between groups. Men and women usually dance separately in a progressive march style dance. Caporales is a dance where you jump a lot and is very active in this way.
The dance is often mistaken for the Afro-Bolivian Saya, a confusion partly due to popular Caporales song texts like the ones composed by the popular Bolivian group "Los Kjarkas"; this group makes many Bolivian songs. Also this is due to an international ballet version of Saya Caporal being danced as "Modern Saya" (see Afro-Bolivian Saya). However, there is a connection with the "Saya": when the Caporales dance was created in the late 1960s by the Estrada Pacheco family, they claimed to have been inspired by the performance of some Afro-Bolivian dancers from the Yungas region. First the dance didn't have a proper music - the dancers adapted Huayños and Kullawadas before the first Caporales songs were composed. The rhythm is different from the "Saya" as well as the whole dance, which gradually became one of the most popular dances in Bolivia, especially appreciated by young people of the middle and upper class who form huge Caporales groups for Carnival, Gran Poder and other "entradas".

</doc>
<doc id="2873600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873600" title="Kingsland Railway Station">
Kingsland Railway Station

Kingsland Railway Station is a station on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network. The station sits parallel to the Kingsland township, and is located 400m from Eden Park, the major rugby stadium in Auckland, and the home ground of the country's national team, the All Blacks.
The station's proximity to Eden Park means that it often functions as a terminus for stadium-goers, with dedicated services utilising both tracks to shuttle people into and out of Kingsland. Signalling was upgraded in 2011 to assist with this.
Kingsland Station used to consist of a single platform, and was situated further east of its present location, but in 2004 it was relocated as part of the Auckland rail network's double-tracking project. The old station's platform was demolished, but its shelter was retained and is now used by the Glenbrook Vintage Railway.
The station now utilises a side platform configuration and is accessible from New North Road, and Sandringham Road. An overbridge enables transfer between platforms, and an underpass links the northern platform to the Eden Park end of Sandringham Road.
Bus Transfers.
Transfers can be made, including to Auckland CBD:-
Eastbound, to Midtown
Westbound<br>
via New North Road
via Sandringham Road

</doc>
<doc id="2873605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873605" title="John Darragh">
John Darragh

John Darragh (1772 – May 13, 1828) was a U.S. politician. He served as the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1817 to 1825.
Early life.
Darragh was born in Ireland, the son of John Darragh and Margaret Oliver. In 1774 the Darragh family, including young John and his older brother Daniel, and at least one sister, emigrated to Nottingham Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania, in the Pittsburgh area. Two more brothers, Neal and Archibald would be born there.
Darragh began his career as a merchant on Fourth Avenue between Wood Street and Smithfield Street in the city. Darragh eventually parlayed his success as merchant into becoming the president of the Bank of Pittsburgh.
He married Margaret "Peggy" Calhoun. They had six children, one of whom, Cornelius, would also be prominent in local politics.
Pittsburgh politics.
Darragh served terms as Justice of the Peace and Burgess of the Borough.
John Darragh became mayor of Pittsburgh on January 14, 1817 on the sudden retirement of Ebenezer Denny because of health concerns. His tenure as mayor saw the construction of sidewalks and street drainage systems. The start of a city wide water system also took root during his service.
John Darragh also hosted world leaders for the first time in Pittsburgh's history. U.S. President James Monroe visited Pittsburgh on September 5, 1817 touring military installations around the area including the Allegheny Arsenal.
French statesmen and general Marquis de Lafayette also visited Pittsburgh with John Darragh as host on May 30, 1825.
Later life.
On Wednesday May 13, 1828, Darragh died after a long fight with consumption.
Honors.
Darragh Street near the University of Pittsburgh is named for John and/or Cornelius Darragh.

</doc>
<doc id="2873611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873611" title="Hamilton Masakadza">
Hamilton Masakadza

Hamilton Masakadza (born 9 August 1983) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and occasional right-arm leg-break bowler. His brother, Shingirai Masakadza also plays for Zimbabwe; they both play domestically for the Mountaineers.
In February 2000 he became the first black Zimbabwean to score a first-class century. Soon after, in July 2001 he became the youngest player to make a century on his Test debut. His innings of 119 was made against the West Indies in Harare and helped his side draw the match. Still at high school, he was aged just 17 years and 254 days at the time. He only held this record until August however when Mohammad Ashraful took it from him.
He went into the record books again against the West Indies in December 2007, this time in an ODI. His opening partnership of 167 with Vusi Sibanda was a national record, with Masakadza making 80 of those runs. His maiden ODI century against a Test-playing nation came on 14 August 2009, eight years after his Test century, when he scored 102 off 112 balls against Bangladesh batting at Number three.
He is also the first Zimbabwean to have two ODI scores of more than 150, both coming in one week when he scored 156 and 178 not out against Kenya in October 2009 in the first and fifth matches in Harare.
When Zimbabwe returned to Test cricket in 2011, Masakadza was selected to play in each of the one-off Tests against Bangladesh, Pakistan and New Zealand. Batting at number three, he scored a century in the first innings of the Bangladesh Test, the second of his Test career, and Zimbabwe went on to win the match.

</doc>
<doc id="2873612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873612" title="The Ghost Ship">
The Ghost Ship

The Ghost Ship (1943) is an American black-and-white psychological thriller film, with elements of mystery and horror, directed by Mark Robson, starring Richard Dix and featuring Russell Wade, Edith Barrett, Ben Bard and Edmund Glover, along with Skelton Knaggs. It was produced by Val Lewton for RKO Radio Pictures as part of a series of low-budget horror films. The film can be seen as a "low-key psychological thriller", a "suspense drama", and a "waterlogged melodrama".
The film is about a young merchant marine officer who begins to suspect that his ship's captain is mentally unbalanced and endangering the lives of the ship's crew. The ship's crew, however, believes the vessel to be haunted and cursed and several mysterious deaths occur.
Upon its theatrical release on Christmas Eve, 1943, the film was a box office success but received a mixed critical reception. However, in February 1944, Lewton was sued for plagiarism by playwrights Samuel R. Golding and Norbert Faulkner, who claimed that the script was based on a play that was submitted to Lewton for a possible film. Because of the suit, "The Ghost Ship" was withdrawn from theatrical release and not shown for nearly 50 years. It was not until the film's copyright was not renewed and it entered the public domain in the 1990s, that it began to be available again, and was released as part of the "Val Lewton Horror Collection" DVD set in 2005. The film, with its predominantly male cast, has been argued by several film critics to have homosexual undertones.
Plot.
Tom Merriam (Russell Wade), a young merchant marine officer, joins the crew of the ship "Altair." At first, all seems well and Merriam bonds with the captain, Will Stone (Richard Dix). The ship, already shorthanded due to the death of a crew member before it left port, loses another ("the Greek") when he develops appendicitis. (Taking direction over the ship's radio, the captain is to perform the appendectomy, but he is unable to make the incision. Instead, Merriam successfully remove's the sailor's appendix, but – feeling he should be loyal to the captain and spare him embarrassment – swears the radio operator to secrecy. Afterward, the captain has a self-serving explanation for his failure.)
One of the crew, Louie (an uncredited Lawrence Tierney), tells the captain he should pull in to port and take on new crew. The captain says "You know, there are captains who might hold this against you, Louie." Shortly after, the captain closes the hatch to the chain locker with Louie inside, and Louie is crushed to death by the chain. Merriam believes that Captain Stone, who is obsessed with authority, did it intentionally. When they dock at the fictional Caribbean island of "San Sebastian" (which had appeared in RKO's "I Walked with a Zombie"—another Lewton production—and later in RKO's "Zombies on Broadway"), Merriam attempts to expose the Captain's madness at a board of inquiry. The crew all speak favorably of the captain, including the Greek, who credits the captain with saving his life. Merriam states his intention to leave the "Altair".
After the inquiry, the captain admits to a female friend (Edith Barrett, who had appeared in "I Walked with a Zombie") that he fears he is losing his mind. Soon after, Merriam is involved in a fight in port and knocked unconscious. One of his former shipmates – unaware that he has left the "Altair" – brings the unconscious man back aboard ship before the vessel departs. Merriam wakes up on the ship and fears that the pathologically insane Captain Stone may now attempt to kill him, a fear that is only reinforced when the captain, referring to the young officer's accusations, says "You know, Mr. Merriam, there are "some" captains who would hold this against you."
Merriam, scorned by the crew, finds that he can no longer lock the door to his cabin. Fearing for his life, he tries to steal a gun from the ship's weapons locker, but is confronted by Captain Stone. Stone dares Merriam to try to get the support of the crew, but Merriam is rebuffed in this effort. This changes when Radioman Winslow (Edmund Glover) receives a radiogram asking if Merriam is on board, and Captain Stone orders Winslow to lie, replying that Merriam is not aboard. The radioman shows Merriam the captain's reply radiogram and says that he now mistrusts the captain and will send a message to the company expressing his concerns about Stone's mental health. However, as he leaves Merriam's cabin, Winslow encounters the captain. As the two walk side-by-side, Winslow drops the captain's radiogram to the deck, and it is picked up by an illiterate crewman, Finn the Mute (Skelton Knaggs), whose internal monologues serve as a sort of one-man Greek chorus throughout the film.
Captain Stone now orders Merriam to send a radio message to the corporate office advising them that Winslow has been washed overboard. Merriam accuses the captain of murdering Winslow, and the two fight. Crew members intervene, and the captain has the crew tie up Merriam and put him in his bunk. The captain then has First Officer Bowns (Ben Bard) administer a sedative to Merriam. Finn finally delivers the captain's radiogram to Bowns, who can read. Bowns becomes deeply alarmed. The first officer talks to several other crew members, all of whom now begin questioning the captain's sanity.
Captain Stone overhears Bowns' conversation with the crew, and goes insane. He takes a knife and enters Merriam's cabin to kill the young officer, but Finn arrives to try to stop him. While the crew is up on deck singing, Finn and the captain engage in a desperate struggle in the dark, during which Finn kills the captain. After the captain's death, Merriam is reinstated and the ship returns to its home port of San Pedro.
Production.
RKO had scored a major financial success with "Cat People" (1942). The film, which cost $141,659, brought in almost $4 million in its first two years and saved the studio from financial disaster. RKO wanted to move quickly on a sequel to build on the success of "Cat People", but producer Val Lewton wished to make the fantasy-comedy story "The Amorous Ghost" instead. As Lewton and studio wrangled, Lewton commenced production on "The Seventh Victim", a horror-murder mystery film, and on May 12, 1943, RKO announced it was delaying production on the sequel "The Curse of the Cat People" due to the unavailability of key performers. RKO production chief Charles Koerner did not want Lewton to be idle once filming on "The Seventh Victim" ended nor did he favor the idea of Lewton working on comedy, so Koerner suggested that Lewton direct a horror film set at sea, utilizing the studio's existing ship set, built for "Pacific Liner" (1938). According to Robert Wise, a longtime collaborator with Lewton, it was this set that gave Lewton the idea for the film. "He would find what we call a 'standing set,' and then tailor his script to the set, whatever it was. That's how he made "The Ghost Ship." He walked onto a set and saw a tanker, then cooked up the idea for this ship with a murderous captain." One scholar has suggested that Lewton accepted the assignment in part because, as an amateur sailor himself, the ship captain's behavior mirrored Lewton's own views on how to manage a ship, but also because Lewton saw the plot as a way of criticizing his micro-managing superiors at RKO. The budget, as with all of Lewton's films, was set at $150,000.
At the time screenwriting began, Lewton claimed that the idea for the film was an original one attributable to himself. Leo Mittler did the treatment and Donald Henderson Clarke wrote the script, although Lewton significantly revised the screenplay and wrote many lines of dialogue himself.
Mark Robson was assigned to direct in June 1943. Robson was the RKO director "most in tune with idea of psychological terror". Robson had just finished editing Orson Welles' "Journey Into Fear", and there are distinct stylistic similarities between the two films. Robson and Lewton chose to use single-source lighting throughout the film in order to make the sets and performances more interesting, and sets were designed to utilize this type of lighting. The two men also agreed to continue Lewton's emphasis on unseen and implied terror. Cinematographer Nicholas Musuraca, art directors Albert S. D'Agostino and Walter E. Keller, and composer Roy Webb all regularly worked with Lewton, and did so on "The Ghost Ship" as well. Richard Dix was cast because he was already on contract with RKO to do several "quickie" pictures at a set fee per film, and doing "The Ghost Ship" would help fulfill his contract without much effort. Russell Wade had provided a disembodied voice in "The Leopard Man", and this was his first starring role in a Lewton production. His performance here led him to be cast in Lewton's later "The Body Snatcher" (1945). Edith Barrett, Ben Bard, Dewey Robinson, and Charles Lung all had worked with Lewton before. Skelton Knaggs, Edmund Glover, and future "film noir" star Lawrence Tierney, whom Lewton had seen modeling clothing in a Sears, Roebuck catalog, all made their motion picture debuts in the movie. Sir Lancelot, a well-known calypso singer, who later influenced the career of Harry Belafonte), had already appeared in singing roles in three prior films (including "I Walked with a Zombie"). Atmosphere is created in the film by the contrast between murder and the joviality of the calypso songs sung on board.
Production began on 3 August 1943. Many details about the performances, lighting, camera angles, action, and effects were worked out ahead of time in order to not only keep the film under budget but also help achieve suspense on such a low budget. Dr. Jared Criswell, former pastor of the Fifth Avenue Spiritualist Church of New York City, served as a technical consultant on the film regarding psychic phenomena. The picture's final fight scene between the Finn, Pollo, and the mad Captain was shot on a dimly lit set to heighten the suspense and keep the audience from guessing who the victor might be, similar to the way Jacques Tourneur and Lewton had shot a similar scene in "Cat People".
Release and lawsuit.
The film was released in theaters on Christmas Eve, 1943. The poster art was most likely painted by William Rose. The film did well at the box office until Lewton was sued for plagiarism in February 1944 by playwrights Samuel R. Golding and Norbert Faulkner, who claimed that the script was based on a play that was submitted to Lewton for a possible film. Because of the suit, "The Ghost Ship" was withdrawn from theatrical release. Lewton disputed the claim, but the court ruled against him. RKO paid the authors $25,000 in damages and attorney fees of $5,000, and lost all future booking residuals and the right to sell the film for airing on television. Elliot Lavine, a film historian, says that losing the lawsuit deeply disturbed Lewton, leaving him depressed for a significant period of time.
The film did not see release for nearly another 50 years due to the suit. "The Ghost Ship" did make it into a package of RKO films sold by "C & C Television Films" to local TV stations, but it was quickly withdrawn. It was not until the film's copyright was not renewed and it entered the public domain in the 1990s, that it began to be available again. The film was released as part of the "Val Lewton Horror Collection" DVD set in 2005.
Reception.
At the time of its initial release, the film had a mixed reception, with both positive and negative reviews. Bosley Crowther of the "New York Times" enjoyed the film, calling it "... a nice little package of morbidity, all wrapped around in gloom." Paul Meehan calls it "a tepid potboiler of malfeasance and murder on the high seas." John Brosnan described "The Ghost Ship" as "a more conventional mystery-thriller involving a number of deaths on board a ship, but was produced with Lewton's customary attention to atmosphere." The script has come in for significant praise, with Captain Stone being compared to Captain Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny", Captain Ahab in "Moby-Dick", and Captain Wolf Larsen in "The Sea-Wolf". Other critics have pointed out that Stone and Merriam seem to have a father-son relationship, but that the perverseness of the script is that the father-figure becomes so enraged at his "son's" failings that he seeks to murder him.
Modern film critics have also praised the picture's acting, cinematography, and lighting, as well as its ability to scare. Actor Richard Dix is almost uniformly praised for bringing a depth of character, moodiness, and pathos to the role of Captain Stone. The film's direction, cinematography and lighting, too, display a depth of artistry not usually seen in cinema. Cinematographer Nicholas Musuraca won high praise for his chiaroscuro lighting design. Film historian Edmund Bansak has written one scene in particular which is highly effective:
An excellent set-piece early in the film showcases Robson's underrated directorial skill. Robson creates a dynamic sense of menace from a physical object: a massive giant hook hanging from upon an enormous chain, pendulumlike, inches above the deck. ... hook remains unattended and unsecured. ... In a tightly directed, genuinely exciting scene, the monstrous hook sways back and forth in a direct path toward the camera, making one wonder how cinematographer, Nicholas Musuraca, kept his camera (and head) intact during the shooting. ... The lighting is also used to great advantage, the shadows and fog accenting the terror. Half the time the swinging hook is so hidden in the darkness that aside from the creak of its sway, there is no telling which direction it will take.
The set design, too, has been praised for being "suitably claustrophobic." Robson's direction has earned kudos for heightening the suspense by leaving certain actions and motives vague. In the scene in which Seaman Parker (Lawrence Tierney) dies, crushed by the anchor chain, Robson left it unclear whether Captain Stone committed murder by trapping Parker in the anchor chain locker or whether he merely shut the door. The vagueness leaves the audience unsure whether to believe Merriam's accusations against the Captain, and builds an atmosphere of paranoia and doubt which is critical to the picture's success. Contemporary critic Gary Giddins has pointed out that the film incorporates classic Lewton scare tactics but in new ways. "His trademark scare tactic, a high point in practically all of his films, is a long, dark, nightmarish walk, where every sound is magnified and every object threatening. In "The Ghost Ship", that "walk" is transferred to the cabin of the victimized third officer ..." Others have pointed out another Lewton device, the gradual stalking of a main character by a murderer, as another deft touch in the film.
Modern critics have also pointed out that the film, unlike so many motion pictures of the 1940s, has an almost exclusively male cast and avoids the trope of a man "redeemed by the love of a good woman." The picture is "entirely concerned with male conflict", one critic noted, and at the end of the film a woman appears only in shadow and fog "as the possibility of salvation" rather than bringing emotional closure. Other film critics have made sustained arguments that the film is a lengthy if coded study of repressed homosexuality, similar to that in Herman Melville's novel, "Billy Budd". Indeed, the focus on men and men's problems has led one modern critic to declare the film "one of the most homoerotic films Hollywood ever made."
Contemporary film programmers seem to have a high opinion of the film as well. A 1993 Film Forum series, "Val Lewton: Horror Most Noir", screened "The Ghost Ship" 42 times, while "I Walked With A Zombie" screened only 10 times and "Cat People" a mere eight. Film director Alison Maclean chose "The Ghost Ship" for a retrospective of classic RKO films, arguing that the film was "genuinely eccentric" and a cinematic revelation. When "The Ghost Ship" was shown on French cable television in the late 1990s, it was introduced as a prime example of Val Lewton's genius at presenting "unseen horror."

</doc>
<doc id="2873620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873620" title="Ranui Railway Station">
Ranui Railway Station

Ranui Railway Station is located on the Western Line of the Auckland rail network. It serves the communities of Ranui and Pooks Road, in the suburbs of Waitakere City.
Services.
Suburban Train Services are provided by Veolia (New Zealand) on behalf of the Auckland Transport.
There are no train services on Sundays.
Stabling project.
As part of upgrades to Auckland's urban rail network, ARTA had proposed building a stabling yard to store up to 11 trains to the west of the station. The yard was to be used to clean trains when out of service. As part of the facility there was to be staff car parking and welfare facilities but due opposition from locals this was abandoned and moved to Henderson.

</doc>
<doc id="2873622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873622" title="Yue Yi">
Yue Yi

Yue Yi () was an officer of the State of Yan during the Warring State period, also known as Lord Guojun. He was the son of the prime minister of the small nation of Zhongshan, but when Zhongshan was destroyed by Zhao's King Wuling, he was forced to wander from country to country. His talents were recognized by Yan's King Zhao, and he was made a minister. He served with great skill and helped forge the alliance with the nations of Zhao, Wei, Chu, Han and Qin against the threat posed by Qi. He led the allied armies and crushed the Qi forces. The cruel King of Qi was driven away, and, except for two cities, the entire territory of Qi was brought under control. Soon thereafter, King Zhao suddenly died. Due to the scheming of Tian Dan of Qi, King Hui was suspected of involvement in the death and was exiled to Zhao. He left the service of King Zhao on amicable terms but continued to spend time there, and became an important figure in both Zhao and Yan.

</doc>
<doc id="2873623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873623" title="Elbert Lee Trinkle">
Elbert Lee Trinkle

Elbert Lee Trinkle (March 12, 1876 – November 25, 1939) an American politician who served as the 49th Governor of Virginia from 1922 to 1926.
Biography.
On March 12, 1876, Trinkle was born in Wytheville, Wythe County, Virginia, as the youngest son of the prominent Trinkle family. After graduating from Hampden–Sydney College, he studied law at the University of Virginia, where he was manager of the Virginia Glee Club, and later opened a Wytheville law practice. 
Trinkle served as the chairman and an elector of the Democratic Party in 1916. He served two terms in the Virginia Senate before his election as governor. Trinkle also acted as a delegate for Virginia to the Democratic National Convention in 1924 and 1928. On November 25, 1939, he died in Richmond, Virginia and was interred in East End Cemetery in Wytheville. Trinkle Hall (formally known as Trinkle Library) on the campus of the University of Mary Washington and Trinkle Hall on the campus of the College of William and Mary are both named in his honor, as he helped secure funding to construct the buildings. Trinkle Hall on the Radford University campus is also named for him.
Election.
1921; Trinkle was elected Governor of Virginia with 64.6% of the vote over Republican Henry W. Anderson and Lily Black Republican John Mitchell, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="2873624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873624" title="All Alone (Frank Sinatra album)">
All Alone (Frank Sinatra album)

All Alone is an album by Frank Sinatra, released in 1962.
Originally, "All Alone" was going to be called "Come Waltz With Me". Although the title and the accompanying specially written title song were dropped before the album's release, the record remained a stately collection of waltzes, arranged and conducted by Gordon Jenkins. The original title track is included as a bonus track on the 1999 compact disc release of the album.
All of the tracks on the album are torch songs, hence the lonely name of the album. Almost half of the tracks are written by Irving Berlin.
The cover is a trimmed portion of painting that hung in Sinatra's Palm Springs home.

</doc>
<doc id="2873625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873625" title="Sturges Road Railway Station">
Sturges Road Railway Station

Sturges Road railway station is on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network. Sturges Road has a park & ride facility available.
History.
For many years this station's name was mis-spelt as Sturgess Road. The road was named after a local family living in the area in the 19th century called Sturges, but the incorrect spelling remained in use for many decades until it was corrected in the 1990s.
Services.
Suburban train services are provided by Veolia (New Zealand) on behalf of the Auckland Regional Transport Authority (ARTA).

</doc>
<doc id="2873628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873628" title="Operation Castor">
Operation Castor

Opération Castor was a French airborne operation in the First Indochina War. The operation established a fortified airhead in Điện Biên Province, in the north-west corner of Vietnam. Commanded by Brigadier General Jean Gilles, Castor was the largest airborne operation since World War II. The Operation began at 10:35 on 20 November 1953, with reinforcements dropped over the following two days. With all its objectives achieved, the operation ended on 22 November.
The French paratroopers of the 6ème Bataillon de Parachutistes Coloniaux (6ème BPC) and the 2nd Battalion of the 1er Régiment de Chasseurs Parachutistes (II/1er RCP) dropped over Dien Bien Phu in order to secure the airstrip built by the Japanese during the occupation of French Indochina by Japan from 1940 to 1945. The operation took 65 of the 70 operational Dakota and all 12 C-119 Flying Boxcar transport aircraft the French had in the area, and still required two trips to get the lead elements into the valley. Also dropped in the first wave were elements of the 17e Régiment de Génie Parachutiste (RGP) ("17th Airborne Engineers Regiment") and the Headquarters group of Groupement Aéroporté 1 (GAP 1), ("Airborne Group 1"). They were followed later in the afternoon by the 1er Bataillon de Parachutistes Coloniaux (1 BPC) and elements of 35e Régiment d'Artillerie Légère Parachutiste (35 RALP) and other combat support elements.
The following day, the second airborne group, "GAP 2" – consisting of 1er Bataillon Etranger de Parachutistes (1 BEP), 8e Bataillon de Parachutistes de Choc (8 BPC), other combat support elements and the entire command and Headquarters group for the Dien Bien Phu operation under Brigadier General Jean Gilles – was dropped in. While on another drop zone, the heavy equipment came down and the engineers quickly set about repairing and lengthening the airstrip.
On 22 November, the last troops of the initial garrison, the 5e Bataillon de Parachutistes Vietnamiens ("Battalion of Vietnamese Parachutists", 5 BPVN), jumped into the valley. In the same "stick" as the commander of 5 BPVN was Brigitte Friang, a woman war correspondent with a military parachutist diploma, and five combat jumps. General Navarre created the outpost to draw the Viet Minh into fighting a pitched battle. That battle, the Battle of Dien Bien Phu, occurred four months after Operation Castor.

</doc>
<doc id="2873632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873632" title="Sunnyvale Railway Station">
Sunnyvale Railway Station

Sunnyvale railway station is located on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network.
In 2006/2007, the station was closed over summer to be upgraded, and lengthened for 6-car trains.
Sunnyvale railway station was seen during the fourth episode of Outrageous Fortune's fifth season.

</doc>
<doc id="2873634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873634" title="Glen Eden Railway Station">
Glen Eden Railway Station

Glen Eden Railway Station is located on the Western Line of the Auckland Railway Network, New Zealand. The station house is a local historical landmark that was restored in 2001. A cafe is located in the old station building. 
When first opened, one of the station's functions was to service the nearby Waikumete Cemetery. Special trains ran from Auckland on Sundays carrying the deceased and their entourage, and a dedicated platform was constructed to serve these trains. 

</doc>
<doc id="2873637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873637" title="Koloman Sokol">
Koloman Sokol

Koloman Sokol (12 December 1902 in Liptovský Mikuláš – 12 January 2003 in Tucson, Arizona) was one of the most prominent Slovak painters, graphic artists and illustrators. He was a founder of modern Slovak graphic art.
Biography.
Sokol attended the private schools of Eugen Krón in Košice and Gustáv Mallý in Bratislava, as well as the Academy of Fine Arts in Prague, where he studied under Max Švabinský and Tavik Frantisek Simon. In Czechoslovakia, he became a member in the SČUG Hollar, an association of Czechoslovak graphic artist. Following a brief period of study with František Kupka in Paris, he accepted an invitation from the Mexican Ministry of Culture and Education to teach his work. He became a professor of graphic techniques at the Escuela de las Artes del Libro and at the University of Mexico City from 1937 to 1941. 
Between 1942 and 1946 he lived in New York. In 1946 he returned to Slovakia, where he taught at the Slovak University of Technology and at the Comenius University. In 1948 (when the Communists took power in Czechoslovakia) he left for the United States again. He settled in Bryn Mawr, a suburb of Philadelphia. From the 60's he lived retired into himself and created a special symbolical-mythological style during this period. In the 1990s he lived in Tucson, where he died at the age of 100.
Style.
Sokol's work was inspired by Vincent van Gogh, Käthe Kolwitz, George Grosz, and strongly by the expressionism of the Die Brücke Group. Initially, he concentrated on graphic techniques, which he later enriched by drawing and painting in Mexico. His paintings are often dramatic in presentation which led to the belief that he created a Slovak variation of expressionism at a European level. He remained true to the limits of graphic art in terms of form and shape. Artistic, ethnic, and social aspects merge in his work. Although the primary motive of his works was man, social motives dominate his expressive work and this tendency equates to the hard and harsh style of his engravings and drawings. His works frequently depicted suffering, penury and human pain. He also created numerous woodcuts.
Works.
His most important works are:

</doc>
<doc id="2873640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873640" title="Hungarian Telephone and Cable">
Hungarian Telephone and Cable

Hungarian Telephone and Cable Corp. (HTCC) is a telecommunications company based in Seattle, Washington, USA. It provides a variety of telecommunications services in Hungary through its subsidiaries, Hungarotel Távközlési Rt. and Pantel Távközlési Kft. which are based in Budapest and Pantel Technocom Kft., based in Siófok. 
HTC was formed as a Delaware corporation in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2873642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873642" title="Avondale Railway Station">
Avondale Railway Station

Avondale Railway Station is on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network. Relocated in 2008, the station can be accessed from St Jude St, Layard St, and Crayford St. 
The proposed Avondale–Southdown Line would connect to the Western Line just east of the station.
Upgrade and relocation.
Until 26 December 2008 it had an island platform just west of Blockhouse Bay Road, reached via a footbridge off the road. In 2010 an upgraded station was built on Layard Street, north of the St Jude Street level crossing and approximately 100m west and 200m south of the old station. 
The new station provides better connections with the Avondale town centre and the platform is on a straight section of track, unlike the old platform which was on a large sharp curve.
Electrification work has been completed and the station will begin serving electric trains in 2015.
Bus transfers.
This station has number of bus routes pass through Rosebank Rd and Blockhouse Bay Rd for passengers to transfer:

</doc>
<doc id="2873644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873644" title="Nian gao">
Nian gao

Niangao (nin gou in Cantonese), sometimes translated as year cake or Chinese New Year's cake, is a food prepared from glutinous rice and consumed in Chinese cuisine. It is available in Asian supermarkets and from health food stores. While it can be eaten all year round, traditionally it is most popular during Chinese New Year. It is considered good luck to eat "nian gao" during this time, because ""nian gao"" is a homonym for "higher year." The Chinese word 粘 ("nián"), meaning "sticky", is identical in sound to 年, meaning "year", and the word 糕 ("gāo"), meaning "cake" is identical in sound to 高, meaning "high or tall". As such, eating "nian gao" has the symbolism of raising oneself taller in each coming year (年年高升 "niánnián gāoshēng"). It is also known as a rice cake. This sticky sweet snack was believed to be an offering to the Kitchen God, with the aim that his mouth will be stuck with the sticky cake, so that he can't badmouth the human family in front of the Jade Emperor.
Legends.
There is one myth about the history of Nian Gao. In the ancient China, there was a monster called Nian. It used to stay in a cave in the mountain; however, it would come out and hunt for animals when it was hungry. In winter, most of the animals went into hibernation, so Nian had no other options for food; it had to go to the village and search for humans to fulfill its hunger. Many people lived under the fear of Nian for decades until along came a smart villager who was named Gao. He assumed Nian would come down from the mountain and hunt again; therefore, he pre-made some pastry and put it in front of the doors of the homes in the village. When Nian came down, it could not find any human to eat but it found some pastry instead. When it felt full, it went back to the mountain. When it was gone, the villagers came out and celebrated for their survival. From then on, the villagers made rice pastry every winter to prevent Nian from eating them. Since Gao invented the rice pastry, the villagers named the rice pastry “Nian Gao”.
Another legend involves Wu Zixu, prime minister of the State of Wu in the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China. Wu Zixu oversaw the building of the city wall around the capital of Wu (modern Suzhou). Before Wu Zixu died, he told the king’s eunuch to dig the wall when the citizens were in hunger since he had buried lots of rice cakes under the wall. Later the neighbouring State of Yue attacked Wu and its citizens suffered from hunger. The eunuch remembered Wu Zixu's words and ordered the citizens to dig under the wall where they found the rice cakes. Afterwards the people of Wu made niangao every year during the Chinese New Year, in order to remember Wu Zixu and to celebrate the New Year. 
Nian Gao is one of the oldest foods in China. In 1974 historians in Zhejiang discovered some Nian Gao. Data confirmed that it was made seven thousand years ago.
Moral & Rituals.
Nian Gao sounds identical to 年高 implying promotions or prosperity year after year. This association makes Nian Gao a popular gift item during the New Year period.
On the more human level, Nian Gao are popular as gifts during the Chinese New Year. The traditional Nian Gao is round with an auspicious decoration such as the character for prosperity (福) on its top.The character is often written in the traditional Chinese script.
As a gift item, Nian Gao are fashioned into different shapes with attractive packaging to suit the festive season. Popular designs include a pair of carps (年年有餘) symbolizing surplus every year, ingots (元寶), or the God of Wealth 財神. These designs are auspicious symbols and send good wishes for the New Year.
Some innovative producers have added a scratch area for consumers to reveal a lucky number for lottery bets.
The production, sales and consumption of Nian Gao is another evidence of food as a transmission medium for social aspirations and how it can be shaped, packaged and promoted in varying forms to resonate with consumer’s social dreams.
Production.
Despite numerous varieties, they all share the same glutinous rice ingredient that is pounded or ground into a paste and, depending on the variety, may simply be molded into shape or cooked again to settle the ingredient. "Nian gao" has many varieties including the types found in Shanghai cuisine, Fujian cuisine and Cantonese cuisine originating from Guangdong.
Preparation.
1. Grease the pudding basin; prepare a pot of hot water for steaming
2. Batter glutinous rice flour and Cheng flour; add coconut milk and mix well to become paste
3. Pour water into a pot and oil it, turn simmering and added sugar, let it cool and mix with the paste. Keep mixing to avoid producing powder
4. Put back the batter into the pot, then simmer and stir constantly with a wooden spoon, until the batter changes into a paste
5. Add corn oil and mix well, and then cover the pudding basin, covered with aluminum foil and placed in hot water to steam for about 1 hour and 15 minutes so that it can serve.
Types.
Shanghai cuisine.
The Shanghai Niangao style is usually packaged in a thick soft rod to be sliced up or packaged pre-sliced and either stir-fried or added to soup. Depending on the cooking method this style is a soft to a chewy variant. The Shanghai style keeps the "nian gao" white, and made with non-glutinous rice. The color is its distinct feature.
When served as a dish, the most common is the stir-fry method, hence the name (炒年糕, "chǎo nián gāo"). There are three general types. The first is a savory dish, common ingredients include scallions, beef, pork, cabbage, Chinese cabbage etc. The second is a sweet version using standard white sugar. The last version is taste-less, and is often consumed for its chewy textures.
Northern "Nian Gao".
Northern "nian gao" can be steamed or fried, mainly sweet in taste. Beijing "nian gao" including jujube "nian gao" made of glutinous rice or yellow rice, mince "nian gao" and white "nian gao". Shanxi has the habit of making nian gao using fried yellow rice and red bean paste or jujube paste for filling. Hebei has the habit of using jujube, small red beans and green beans to steam "nian gao". In Shandong, it is made of red dates and yellow rice. The northeast nian gao is made of beans on sticky sorghum Mega.
Fujian "Nian Gao".
Southern region of Fujian "nian gao", natural amber, mainly for the New Year ritual and gifts. It is made of glutinous rice and taro, usually being sliced and cooked before eating. It can also be wrapped in egg or cornstarch (corn flour) or sweet potato to fry.
Jiangnan "Nian Gao".
"Nian gao" was white along the lower reaches of the Yangtze River and it is a mild food. It is made by mixing rice with glutinous rice; the ratio between the two can be adjusted according to personal preferences. If you like to eat softer, you can increase the proportion of glutinous rice and vice versa. Cooking methods include steaming, frying, sliced frying or for soup. Ningbo "nian gao" is the most famous and common practices include pickled pork soup "nian gao" and shepherd's purse fried "nian gao". Shanghai's ribs "nian gao" are also distinctive. In addition, there are more uses of the foot to make "nian gao" in the southern part of the rural system rice cakes, called "foot cake”.
Cantonese cuisine.
The Guangdong variety is also called "nian gao". It is sweetened, usually with brown sugar. It is distinct with a dark yellow color. The paste is poured into a cake pan and steamed once more to settle mixture. The batter is steamed until it solidifies and served in thick slices. It may be eaten as is. The "nian gao" becomes stretchy and extremely sticky. It can also be served as a pudding flavored with rosewater or red bean paste.
The next stage is optional as it can be pan-fried afterwards,often with egg, to make (煎年糕, "jyutping": zin1 nin4 gou1). When fried it is slightly crispy on the outside, and remains pasty on the inside. During Chinese New Year, it is cut into square pieces and served along with similar cake dim sum dishes like taro cake and water chestnut cake.
In Malaysia, it is called "kuih bakul"(pinyin: "jiān nián gāo") and is often fried in a sandwich in between pieces of taro or sweet potato.
Other cultures.
"Nian gao" is also widely consumed in the Philippines during the Chinese New Year due to the Chinese living in the country. "Nian gao" is known as "tikoy" (from Hokkien 甜粿) in the Philippines where it is typically dipped in beaten eggs and fried. It is commonly called "tikoy" in Burma.
Japan and Korea both have similar glutinous rice foods, known as "mochi" and "tteok", respectively, though "tteok" can be made with non-glutinous rice as well. This kind of "tteok", which is like the Shanghai variety of "niángāo", is traditionally eaten during Korean New Year (same as Chinese New Year) in a dish called "tteokguk".
Combinations.
Different parts of Asia have mixed the cake with different ingredients such as red bean paste or even lotus seed paste. They are not considered to be main branches or major cuisine variations.

</doc>
<doc id="2873648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873648" title="Morningside Railway Station">
Morningside Railway Station

Morningside Railway Station is a station on the Western Line of the Auckland Railway Network. It has an island platform and is accessed via a level crossing on Morningside Drive and by an underpass from New North Road.
Bus Transfers.
Transfers to bus services that pass the station can be made here:-
In media.
Morningside Station was featured in the music video for Lorde's song "Royals".

</doc>
<doc id="2873650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873650" title="Mount Eden Railway Station">
Mount Eden Railway Station

Mt Eden Railway Station is a Western Line station of the local railway network in the Mount Eden suburb of Auckland, New Zealand. It has an island platform, and is reached via a footbridge from Mt Eden Rd or from the level crossing between Ngahura Street and Fenton Street.
Bus transfers.
Transfers to the following bus services can be made at the bus stops on Mt Eden Road:
Signal box.
The Mt Eden Local Control Panel was installed in the station building in 1967 and removed from service in 1995 when the station building was removed. The panel has been preserved in working order.

</doc>
<doc id="2873656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873656" title="Boston Road Railway Station">
Boston Road Railway Station

Boston Road Railway Station was on the Western Line of the Auckland Suburban Railway Network, near St Peter's College and Auckland Grammar School. The station was below State Highway 1, one of the busiest motorways in New Zealand. At the southern end of the station is the north western wall of Mt Eden Prison. The station closed on 10 April 2010, the day after the opening of the new Grafton station, and has since been largely demolished.
Until the station itself was double-tracked to Mt Eden in 2005, morning trains ran on the right through the loop and afternoon trains on the left, avoiding the need for St Peter's and Grammar pupils to cross the line.
History.
The line played an important part in the history of St Peter's College. From the time the school opened in 1939 many students came from the western suburbs of Auckland using the train service (known at that time at St Peter's College as the "North train") to attend the school. Until 1964 the nearest station was Mt Eden station, a ten-minute walk to or from the school. By 1964 about 250 St Peter's boys were using the train and walking between Mt Eden station and the school.
Brother T. A. Monagle, who supervised the train boys and who travelled on the train each day for that purpose, approached the Railways Department to request that the train stop at the school. The college had several reasons for asking that the trains should stop there. "The traffic in Mt Eden Road had become very heavy, and was a constant danger to the younger and more thoughtless of our pupils, and another source of considerable danger existed at Mt Eden station where supervision was necessary to prevent accidents when the boys were boarding the train. Again, the train would disgorge its pupils at Mt Eden and then chug merrily past the school almost empty, leaving the boys to walk half a mile, often in heavy rain."
Brother Monagle persuaded the Minister of Railways, Mr John McAlpine, to come and see for himself. In fact the Minister volunteered to walk up to the Mt Eden station from the school. "Well, somebody must have been pulling some strings up above, because on the day of the Minister's visit it rained cats and dogs, and even the odd pink elephant ..." and Brother Monagle's request was granted. The North train stopped at the St Peter's College station for the first time at 8.30am on Tuesday 15 September 1964 for the 250 St Peter's College boys and a dozen from Auckland Grammar.
Another noteworthy event occurred in November 1965, when, for the last time, the North train was pulled by a steam engine. It was the last passenger train in the North Island to be pulled by a steam locomotive.
In relation to Brother Monagle, " ... it is generally agreed that he deserved the rank of Railway Employee. Surely no single person has ever held down so many positions at once - stationmaster, signalman, ticket inspector and guard, not to mention construction engineer, traffic officer and the occasional shot at engine-driving! During the many years that he was associated with the train, Brother Monagle became friends with most of the railway employees along the line as he made his trip each afternoon as far as Mt Albert". Initially, only the "school" trains stopped at St Peter's College, once in the morning and once in the afternoon. The St Peter's College station attained full public station status with all trains stopping there from 1993 and was named the Boston Road Station.
Station move.
ONTRACK reconstructed two road bridges just to the east of the station to allow double-tracking in the section towards Newmarket Train Station, and to prepare for electrification. As part of the project, the train station shifted several hundred metres to the northeast, between Park Road and Khyber Pass Road, where a new bus / railway station was built. The station was renamed the Grafton station. This station is able to better serve the Central Connector and sites like the Auckland Hospital and the future development on the Lion Brewery site while still preserving direct access to their school for the hundreds of St Peter's College students who commute daily by train.

</doc>
<doc id="2873657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873657" title="Miyagino-ku, Sendai">
Miyagino-ku, Sendai

As of 2005, the ward had an estimated population of 182,812 and the density of 3147.05 persons per km². The total area is 58.09 km².

</doc>
<doc id="2873663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873663" title="Baldwin Avenue Railway Station">
Baldwin Avenue Railway Station

Baldwin Avenue Railway Station, in the suburb of Mount Albert, is on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network. The station has offset side platforms connected by a level crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="2873672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873672" title="Taihaku-ku, Sendai">
Taihaku-ku, Sendai

As of 2005, the ward has an estimated population of 223,530 and the density of 979.49 persons per km². The total area is 228.21 km².

</doc>
<doc id="2873675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2873675" title="Fruitvale Road Railway Station">
Fruitvale Road Railway Station

Fruitvale Road Railway Station is on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network. It is near local schools, including two major high schools.
In 2006/2007, the station was closed over summer to be upgraded, and lengthened for 6-car trains.
Station Name.
It is named after a nearby road. The road is not very well known, thus new passengers will most likely have no idea which suburb this station serves. It has been proposed to rename it 'Kelston' since it is in that suburb. It is quite close to Kelston Shopping Centre, Kelston Girls' High School and Kelston Deaf Education Centre.

</doc>
