<doc id="2865258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865258" title="Silvestre Varela">
Silvestre Varela

Silvestre Manuel Gonçalves Varela (born 2 February 1985) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Porto as a winger. 
Club career.
Sporting.
A product of Sporting Clube de Portugal's youth system, Varela was born in Almada, Setúbal District, being loaned to Casa Pia A.C. and Vitória Futebol Clube in his early years as a professional. Despite being a regular with the Portuguese under-21s and having enjoyed a decent form in various tournaments, he was not able to secure a place in the "Lions"' first team, only managing two substitute appearances in the 2005–06 season.
In 2007–08 Varela, alongside two former Sporting players, Beto and Carlos Martins, played for Recreativo de Huelva in Spain (Varela on loan again). After a disappointing campaign despite having received playing time in La Liga, he returned to Sporting in July 2008, only to be immediately sold to C.F. Estrela da Amadora.
Porto.
Before the season was over, in March 2009, courtesy of his solid performances at Estrela, only relegated from the top division off the field, Varela signed a four-year agreement with champions F.C. Porto on a free transfer, starting in July.
In his first year at Porto he ranked second in overall goals in the team, only behind Radamel Falcao. In March 2010, however, he broke his fibula in training, being lost for the remainder of the campaign, as Porto finished third.
In the 2011–12 season, under new manager Vítor Pereira, Varela – as practically all Portuguese players (the roster was composed of three nationals) – lost his importance in the first team. On 16 February 2012, in a rare start, he put Porto ahead against Manchester City in the season's UEFA Europa League round-of-32, in an eventual 1–2 home loss.
International career.
Due to his Porto performances, Varela gained his first full cap for the Portuguese national team on 3 March 2010, appearing in the second half of the 2–0 friendly win with China in a match played in Coimbra. His first goal came on 26 March 2011 in a 1–1 friendly draw against Chile, in Leiria.
Varela was selected by manager Paulo Bento for the 23-man squad that competed in UEFA Euro 2012. He played ten minutes in the group stage opener against Germany, in an eventual 0–1 loss; again coming from the bench for Raul Meireles, he scored an 88th-minute 3–2 winner against Denmark in the following game.
On 19 May 2014, Varela was named in the final 23-man squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. On 23 June, again after having replaced Meireles, he headed home in the 94th minute to earn his team a 2–2 group stage draw against the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2865292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865292" title="Seneca Creek (Potomac River)">
Seneca Creek (Potomac River)

Seneca Creek is a stream in Montgomery County, Maryland, roughly northwest of Washington, D.C. It drains into the Potomac River.
Course.
The creek begins with two main tributaries:
These tributaries converge near Darnestown. Another major tributary, Dry Seneca Creek, empties into Seneca Creek west of Darnestown. The creek continues south and passes under Seneca Aqueduct/Riley's Lock (Lock 24) of the Chesapeake and Ohio (C&O) Canal before it flows into the Potomac River. There is about a change in elevation from the stream's upper sources to its mouth at the Potomac. Seneca Creek has a watershed area of .
Recreation.
Depending on conditions, parts of the creek are navigable by light watercraft, such as kayaks or canoes. Near Riley’s Lock there is a boat ramp into the creek which provides access to the Potomac River.
An area of about along of the creek has been set aside as Seneca Creek State Park. It has trails including the Seneca Creek Greenway Trail, the Schaeffer Farm Trail, and many shorter and easier trails. Parking and picnic areas are provided at various locations in the park. Long Draught Creek, a small tributary north of Gaithersburg has been dammed to form the Clopper Lake which is the centerpiece of the park's day use area. This area includes multiple picnic areas, a disc golf course, boat rentals for the lake, and restroom facilities. Just west of the creek's mouth is the Seneca Quarry, the quarry that provided the red sandstone for the Smithsonian Castle and locks 8 - 27 of the C&O Canal. The remains of the 1837 stone cutting mill are still intact, though unmarked; above the quarry is the restored quarry masters house. Both are within state park lands.
During the 1920s and 1930s Seneca was a popular vacation spot for people from lower Montgomery County and Washington who came to Seneca for the cooler temperatures, boating, swimming, and fishing. There was a hotel near the canal and cottages lined the creek until they were washed away or destroyed by the several floods that have affected this area. Unfortunately Seneca has been the site of many drownings and boating accidents over the years. Today the area is a popular local recreation area.

</doc>
<doc id="2865295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865295" title="Phosphoenolpyruvic acid">
Phosphoenolpyruvic acid

Phosphoenolpyruvic acid (PEP), or phosphoenolpyruvate as the anion, is an important chemical compound in biochemistry. It has the highest-energy phosphate bond found (-61.9 kJ/mol) in living organisms, and is involved in glycolysis and gluconeogenesis. In plants, it is also involved in the biosynthesis of various aromatic compounds, and in carbon fixation; in bacteria, it is also used as the source of energy for the phosphotransferase system.
In glycolysis.
PEP is formed by the action of the enzyme enolase on 2-phosphoglycerate. Metabolism of PEP to pyruvate by pyruvate kinase (PK) generates 1 molecule of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) via substrate-level phosphorylation. ATP is one of the major currencies of chemical energy within cells.
In gluconeogenesis.
PEP is formed from the decarboxylation of oxaloacetate and hydrolysis of one guanosine triphosphate molecule. This reaction is catalyzed by the enzyme phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK). This reaction is a rate-limiting step in gluconeogenesis:
In plants.
PEP may be used for the synthesis of chorismate through the shikimate pathway. Chorismate may then be metabolized into the aromatic amino acids (phenylalanine, tryptophan and tyrosine) and other aromatic compounds. The first step is when Phosphoenolpyruvate and erythrose-4-phosphate react to form 3-deoxy-D-arabinoheptulosonate-7-phosphate (DAHP), in a reaction catalyzed by the enzyme DAHP synthase. 
In addition, in C4 plants, PEP serves as an important substrate in carbon fixation. The chemical equation, as catalyzed by phosphoenolpyruvate carboxylase (PEP carboxylase), is:

</doc>
<doc id="2865297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865297" title="(Music From) The Mystery Rabbits">
(Music From) The Mystery Rabbits

(Music From) The Mystery Rabbits is an alternative/funk/metal debut album by the pop group Sack Trick. Metal Hammer described it as "Like the funk rock record Frank Zappa and Monty Python never made". The subjects of the songs include tomato sandwiches, camels, ice cream and a "strange cigarette", interwoven with a rhyme called "Little Pigs" being sung in four different languages. Probably the best known song from the album is "I Play Bass", a slap-bass rich confessional from Chris Dale, the band's frontman.
The album's title is likely to have been inspired by "(Music From) The Elder" by Kiss, which the band covered on their third album, Sheep in Kiss Make Up

</doc>
<doc id="2865298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865298" title="Fernand Fonssagrives">
Fernand Fonssagrives

Fernand Fonssagrives (June 8, 1910 - April 23, 2003), born near Paris, France, was a photographer known for his 'beauty photography' in the early 1940s, and as the first husband of the model Lisa Fonssagrives. He died in 2003 at Little Rock, Arkansas.
Career.
Fonssagrives was a fashion photographer in the 1940s and 1950s when he took pictures for "Town and Country" and "Harper's Bazaar" magazines. At one point he was the highest paid photographer in New York. His later pictures featured female nudes with patterns of light on their skin. His photographic works are represented in Europe by Michael Hoppen Photography (London) and in the United States by Bonni Benrubi (New York). An image he created of his first wife Lisa is on the cover of the Spring Christie's photographic auction catalog (2008).
He was also an award winning sculptor working in Bronze, a painter and a writer. 
Personal life.
Fonssagrives was married in 1935 to his first wife Lisa, whom he met at a dance school in Paris, and both became dancers. He said that he gave up dancing after he was injured in a diving accident. As a gift for recuperation Lisa gave Fernand a Rolleiflex camera. It was this that introduced him to photography, he becoming a noted photographer and her a noted model. They divorced in 1950.
Fonssagrives's second marriage—to Diane Capron, a professional figure skater and teacher—also ended in divorce. The native Frenchman lived the last 30 years of his life in Little Rock, Arkansas. 
Fonssagrives was survived by a daughter from his first marriage, Mia Fonssagrives-Solow, a sculptor and jewelry designer who is married to real estate developer Sheldon Solow, and a son from his second marriage, Marc Fonssagrives.

</doc>
<doc id="2865315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865315" title="McCoole, Maryland">
McCoole, Maryland

McCoole is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 511.
McCoole is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 220 and the east end of Maryland Route 135. It lies directly across the North Branch Potomac River from Keyser, West Virginia. McCoole had its own post office in operation from 1903 to 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="2865320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865320" title="Interstate 240 (Tennessee)">
Interstate 240 (Tennessee)

Interstate 240 (I-240) is an Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Running , it loops southward from Interstate 40 in east Memphis, then turning west at TN 385 (Bill Morris Parkway). At I-55, the highway turns north and runs through midtown to end at I-40. The section in East Memphis around Walnut Grove Road is the busiest interstate in Tennessee, with an AADT of just under 200,000 vehicles.
History.
I-240 was first planned circa 1955, but it was to have been a or 49.6 km beltway to completely encircle midtown Memphis, with the exception of the segment between Interstates 40 and 55, which was proposed as Interstate 255. Later, that number was decommissioned in favor of I-240 running in a full loop, with I-40 running from downtown to east Memphis. However, in 1957 citizens collected 10,000 signatures protesting the route, which cut through Overton Park in midtown. The controversy lasted until the 1970s, when the Supreme Court ruled that the Overton Park route be canceled, shifting I-40 onto the northern leg of I-240. Part of the proposed I-40 route was already built from N. Highland St. east to the I-40/240 junction. The road is now called Sam Cooper Boulevard, and is owned by the city.
In 2000, the City of Memphis built an extension to the former I-40 section of Sam Cooper Blvd. This extension runs west from N. Tillman St. (the former entry/end point for Sam Cooper Boulevard) as a limited access "parkway" to East Parkway N. (a former exit for the proposed "Overton Park route").
The interstates overlapped around the northern bypass of Memphis for many years, but the northern leg eventually came to be known only as I-40, eliminating the concurrency and turning I-240 into a semi-beltway.
On January 18, 2008, the Federal Highway Administration authorized the states of Mississippi and Tennessee to extend I-69 from the I-40/TN 300 interchange in north Memphis to the I-55/I-69 interchange in Hernando; however, Tennessee has signed the extension of the route, although Mississippi has already done so.
On March 24, 2010, a sinkhole formed in the two leftmost northbound lanes north of the Walnut Grove interchange. It was initially thought to have been a smaller pothole and had been paved over the day before. It formed around 3:00 in the afternoon and damaged several cars, although no injuries were reported. These two lanes were shut down until March 28 while the sinkhole was filled.
Recent construction.
I-240 has seen much reconstruction over the past decade, as area growth has demanded increased capacity. Both interchanges with I-40 have been reconstructed (with further improvements underway at the East Memphis interchange scheduled to be completed in a few years) due to the amount of traffic taking I-40 through Memphis.
Starting April 2011, a widening project began on the stretch of I-240 from north of TN 385 to north of Walnut Grove Road. This is due to increased traffic volumes since the freeway's construction. This includes adding a lane to each side (which would make it an average of 4 lanes on each side), retaining walls, noise barriers, and redesigning the Poplar Avenue interchange: a main source of congestion. The project is expected to last until Fall 2014.
Exit list.
The exits on I-240 run clockwise, reflecting their initial numbering as part of a circumferential beltway.

</doc>
<doc id="2865332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865332" title="Red-shouldered macaw">
Red-shouldered macaw

The Red-shouldered Macaw ("Diopsittaca nobilis") is a small green South American parrot, a member of a large group of Neotropical parrots called Macaws. The species is named for the red coverts on its wings. It is the smallest macaw, being 30–35 cm (12–14 in) in length. It is native to the tropical lowlands, savannah, and swamplands of Venezuela, the Guianas, Bolivia, Brazil, and far south-eastern Peru. It has two distinct subspecies, the Noble Macaw and the Hahn's Macaw, and a possible poorly distinct third subspecies that has longer wings, but is otherwise similar to the Noble Macaw. Red-shouldered Macaws are frequently bred in captivity for the pet trade, where they are sometimes described as mini-macaws.
Though wild populations of Red-shouldered Macaws have declined locally due to habitat loss, they are listed as Least Concern by IUCN. They are listed on Appendix II of CITES, trade restricted.
Taxonomy.
The Red-shouldered Macaw ("Diopsittaca nobilis", Linnaeus 1758) is a member of the monotypic genus "Diopsittaca" (Ridgway 1912), one of 6 genera of Central and South American macaws. There are two distinct subspecies, "D. n. nobilis" (Hahn's Macaw) and "D. n. cumanensis" (Noble Macaw), and some with longer wings might represent a poorly differentiated subspecies, "D. n. longipennis", which intergrades with "D. n. cumanensis" in central Goiás, Brazil. Previously the Red-shouldered Macaw was included in the genus "Ara".
Description.
The Red-shouldered Macaw, at 30 cm (12 in) long and 165 gm (5.8 oz) weight, is the smallest of all the macaws. Like all macaws, it has a long narrow tail and a large head. It has bright green feathers on the body, with dark or slate blue feathers on the head just above the beak. The wings and tail have feathers that are bright green above and olive-green below. The leading edges of the wings, especially on the underside, are red. (These red feathers appear at puberty.) Their eyes are orange, and the skin around the eyes is white without feathers, just as in the larger macaws. This bare patch of facial skin is smaller in proportion to the head than the one seen in most larger macaws. The Hahn's Macaw and Noble Macaw can be distinguished by the Hahn's having a black upper mandible and the Noble having a lighter, horn-colored upper mandible.
Their natural vocalizations are more akin to screeches than they are to whistles.
Behavior.
Red shouldered macaws are very kind natured, and have similar characteristics of a conure.
Breeding.
The Red-shouldered Macaw nests in a hole in a tree. There are usually three or four white eggs in a clutch. The female incubates the eggs for about 24 to 26 days, and the chicks fledge from the nest about 54 days after hatching.

</doc>
<doc id="2865343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865343" title="Ridgeville, West Virginia">
Ridgeville, West Virginia

Ridgeville is an unincorporated community in Mineral County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along U.S. Routes 50 and 220 (the "Northwestern Turnpike") in the Mill Creek Valley, west of Markwood.
The Vandiver-Trout-Clause House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2865348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865348" title="Beautiful Boyz">
Beautiful Boyz

Beautiful Boyz is an EP by CocoRosie, released on September 14, 2004. The first two songs are the same as their namesakes on the band's first album, "La maison de mon rêve". The eponymous song, however, differs with respect to the version found on "Noah's Ark", on this version a refrain is not sung by Antony Hegarty of Antony and the Johnsons. The song is a homage to gay French writer Jean Genet. Available as digital download only, even though physical CD promo is known to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="2865351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865351" title="Geoffrey Whitehead">
Geoffrey Whitehead

Geoffrey Whitehead (born 1 October 1939, Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire) is an English actor. He has appeared in a huge range of television, film and radio roles. In the theatre, he has played at the Shakespeare Globe, St. Martin's Theatre and Bristol Old Vic.
His television appearances include "Z-Cars" (1964–1965 and 1972–1975), playing two different regular characters, Holmes in the 1980 television series "Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson", Viatorus in "Chelmsford 123" (1988–1990), Richard Smith in "Second Thoughts" (1991–1994), and other parts in "The House of Eliott" (1991), "Executive Stress", "Little Britain", "The Worst Week of My Life" and "Not Going Out". He is regularly seen on British television as well as filling many roles on radio, where he featured in the 3rd and 4th episodes of the fifth series of the BBC Radio 4 comedy series "Old Harry's Game" in the role of Roland Kingworthy, as "Prior Robert" in the 1980s BBC radio dramatisations of "Cadfael", as John Barsad in the radio dramatisation of Charles Dickens' "A Tale of Two Cities" and most recently as Justice Wargrave in the BBC Radio 4 dramatisation of Agatha Christie's "And Then There Were None" on 13 November 2010. He has also starred in "Little Britain". He has starred on BBC radio in many comic roles, including "Bleak Expectations", featuring as five entire families between 2007 and 2012. He was appearing in two series of the BBC remake of Reggie Perrin as Reggie's Father-in-Law, William.
In 2011, he joined the cast of "Not Going Out" as Geoffrey Adams, the father of Lucy and Tim. This character had been recurring since 2007, but had previously been played by Timothy West. Whitehead returned as Geoffrey in the fifth series of "Not Going Out".
In 2013 he appeared on Comic Relief playing the vicar in the Simon Cowell wedding sketch.
His regular radio roles include:

</doc>
<doc id="2865365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865365" title="Interstate 240 (North Carolina)">
Interstate 240 (North Carolina)

Interstate 240 (I-240) is a long Interstate Highway loop in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It serves as an urban connector for Asheville and runs in a half-circle around the north of the city's downtown district between exits 53B and 46B of Interstate 40. Between those points, I-40 continues in an east–west direction further south of the city, roughly parallel to the Swannanoa and French Broad rivers. The western segment of I-240 is now being renumbered as I-26 as part of a larger project extending I-26 from its former western terminus at I-40/I-240 to U.S. Route 23 (US 23) near Kingsport, Tennessee.
A planned construction project dubbed the I-26 Connector, intended to build a straighter path of I-26 through Asheville (bypassing the I-240/US 19/23/70 interchange), has recently been lowered in priority by the NC Department of Transportation. A major part of this project would have been the construction of a new interstate-standard bridge across the French Broad River. Additional plans for I-240 in west Asheville call for its expansion from 4 lanes to 8 lanes.
Years prior to the loop's completion, I-240 was known as I-140; however, no signage was ever posted for I-140. The I-140 designation has now been given to a spur route in Wilmington.
Route description.
I-240 begins at an interchange with I-26 and I-40 west of Asheville. I-240 and Future I-26 travel concurrently for along the western section of the routing. I-240 travels almost parallel to the French Broad River to its east. In the northwestern part of the route, US 19, US 23 and US 74A merge onto I-240 to cross the French Broad River. After crossing the river, Future I-26/US 19/US 23 exit off to the north and US 70 merges with I-240. The concurrent highways travel through the northern section of downtown Asheville. US 70/US 74A exits off I-240 at Charlotte Street. The Interstate continues through a cut in the mountain before turning back to the south. I-240 cross the Swannanoa River near Asheville Mall before terminating at an interchange with I-40.
History.
In the early 1960s, the east–west freeway around downtown Asheville, designated US 19/US 23, opened from the Beaucatcher Tunnel westward to NC 191.
By 1966, Hanover Street had been converted to a freeway, which carried US 19 Business/US 23 Business/NC 191; additional freeway was constructed from Haywood Street to I-40. In 1968, eastbound lanes were added to the Smoky Park Bridge, the main connector across the French Broad River. The original lanes, built in 1950, became westbound lanes.
The next step began with the 1964 presentation by J. O. "Buck" Buchanan to the N.C. Highway Commission Board. An interstate highway was to be built from the east to downtown Asheville to connect with the existing freeway. The best way to do this, it was concluded, was to blast an -wide passage through Beaucatcher Mountain. The Beaucatcher Mountain Defense Association, formed in the early 1970s, endorsed a tunnel, which would mean only about 5 percent of the mountain would be disturbed. In 1977, the North Carolina Department of Transportation selected Asheville Contracting Co. for the project. 3 million cubic feet of rock, including greywacke believed to be one billion years old, would have to be moved, and all of it could be used in the construction. The company had several connections to those responsible for the road plan: company president Baxter Taylor was a business partner of Ted Jordan, a highway board member and a member of the Chamber of Commerce Highway Committee; they founded Hyde Insurance Company, which sold $39.9 million in bonds to finance the plan. And Buchanan went on to work in public relations for Asheville Contracting. One of the Defense Association's arguments was the highway's proximity to Zealandia, the estate of Philip Henry, whose Tudor mansion was covered by the 1966 National Historic Preservation Act. However, when the mansion was named to the National Register of Historic Places on March 14, 1977, the destruction of the mountain had started. The project was completed in 1980.
In 1971, NC 191 was extended along part of the unsigned freeway from Haywood Street to Brevard Road. On November 1, 1980, Interstate 240 was officially established on the western half of the freeway, from I-40 to Charlotte Street; NC 191 was rerouted north along Brevard Road to its current terminus at Haywood Street. By 1982, I-240 was extended through the Beaucatcher Cut onto new freeway east to I-40. In 1995, all of I-240 was named the Billy Graham Freeway.
In 1989, the North Carolina General Assembly approved a plan for urban loops around the state's major cities. Included in this plan was a bypass for Asheville, which included an "I-26 Connector" to link two sections of Interstate 26, one ending south of Asheville, and the other north of the city designated "Future 26". $14.2 million was spent on the controversial plan but in 2010, the I-26 Connector was demoted to last among 21 urban loop projects. Improvements to Interstate 240 are scheduled for 2020.
On April 5, 2012, the North Carolina Board of Transportation voted unanimously to rename the Smoky Park Bridge for Capt. Jeffrey Bowen, an Asheville firefighter who died in July 2011 fighting a fire. The board's policy traditionally prohibited naming state roads and bridges for firefighters, but numerous protests of the state's March decision led to the change. North Carolina Department of Transportation statistics show the bridge to be the most traveled section of highway in Western North Carolina, with 99,000 vehicles a day.

</doc>
<doc id="2865368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865368" title="Optical physics">
Optical physics

Optical physics is a subfield of atomic, molecular, and optical physics. It is the study of the generation of electromagnetic radiation, the properties of that radiation, and the interaction of that radiation with matter, especially its manipulation and control. It differs from general optics and optical engineering in that it is focused on the discovery and application of new phenomena. There is no strong distinction, however, between optical physics, applied optics, and optical engineering, since the devices of optical engineering and the applications of applied optics are necessary for basic research in optical physics, and that research leads to the development of new devices and applications. Often the same people are involved in both the basic research and the applied technology development, for example the experimental demonstration of electromagnetically induced transparency by S. E. Harris and of slow light by Harris and Lene Vestergaard Hau.
Researchers in optical physics use and develop light sources that span the electromagnetic spectrum from microwaves to X-rays. The field includes the generation and detection of light, linear and nonlinear optical processes, and spectroscopy. Lasers and laser spectroscopy have transformed optical science. Major study in optical physics is also devoted to quantum optics and coherence, and to femtosecond optics. In optical physics, research is also encouraged in areas such as the nonlinear response of isolated atoms to intense, ultra-short electromagnetic fields, the atom-cavity interaction at high fields, and quantum properties of the electromagnetic field.
Other important areas of research include the development of novel optical techniques for nano-optical measurements, diffractive optics, low-coherence interferometry, optical coherence tomography, and near-field microscopy. Research in optical physics places an emphasis on ultrafast optical science and technology. The applications of optical physics create advancements in communications, medicine, manufacturing, and even entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="2865371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865371" title="LMS Stanier Class 5 4-6-0 44767">
LMS Stanier Class 5 4-6-0 44767

London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) Stanier Black Five, LMS number 4767, BR number 44767 is a preserved steam locomotive. In preservation it has carried the name George Stephenson though it never bore this in service.
Service.
4767 was completed on the last day of the LMS, 31 December 1947 at Crewe Works. It was unique amongst the 842-strong class in that it featured outside Stephenson link motion in addition to other experimental features; a double chimney, Timken roller bearings throughout and electric lighting.
These modifications were part of a series of experiments by George Ivatt to improve the already excellent William Stanier-designed black five.
4767 was renumbered 44767 by British Railways after nationalisation in 1948. Its double chimney was removed in 1953. It was withdrawn in December 1967 after a working life of only 20 years.
Preservation.
44767 was privately bought and was stored at Carnforth until 1974 when it was taken to Thornaby for restoration by North Eastern Locomotive Preservation Group. She was bought by Ian Storey. Restoration work was complete for the 150th anniversary of the Stockton and Darlington Railway in 1975. At Shildon, the former Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, William Whitelaw named 44767 after famous railway engineer George Stephenson. A plaque below its nameplates reads:
This locomotive was named by the Right Hon. William Whitelaw C.H. M.C. M.R. at Shildon on August 25th
1975 to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Stockton and Darlington Railway.
The locomotive saw regular use along the mainline, including services in Scotland. The loco was based on the North Yorkshire Moors Railway before being taken out of service at the end of 2002 for a full overhaul.
44767 resteamed at Morpeth, Northumberland, where she was overhauled, in December 2009, from where she moved to the Great Central Railway for running in and painting.
Between May and September 2010, she was in use at the North Norfolk Railway, before visiting the West Somerset Railway for their Autumn Gala. She then spent the winter of 2010 at the Churnet Valley Railway, before visiting the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway for their winter steam gala in February 2011. She has since now moved back to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway for the 2011 season, though she will be returning again to the Churnet Valley Railway for the 2011 winter season. She is now at the North Norfolk Railway undergoing an Overhaul. Which has been completed in time for the North Norfolk Railway's March Gala.

</doc>
<doc id="2865375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865375" title="Theodoros Pangalos">
Theodoros Pangalos

Theodoros Pangalos (, born 17 August 1938) is a Greek politician, and leading member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. He served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Greece, responsible for the coordination of the Government Council for Foreign Affairs and Defense (KYSEA) and the new Economic & Social Policy Committee from 2009 to 2012 
Early life.
Pangalos was born in Eleusis, Greece. He is the grandson of General and 1926 dictator Theodoros Pangalos. He is of Arvanite origin.
Pangalos was member of the left-wing Lambrakis Youth and, in 1964, a candidate for the Hellenic Parliament with the United Democratic Left (EDA). Pangalos opposed the 1967 military dictatorship, and was deprived by the junta of his Greek citizenship in 1968.
Political career and controversy.
He became a member of the Communist Party of Greece, rising to its Central Committee, before eventually joining the PASOK socialist party during the "Metapolitefsi". He was elected for the first time as a MP in the 1981 general election with PASOK and has been continuously re-elected since.
1980s
In 1989, he threatened "to turn the parliament into Beijing, a reference to the recent Tiananmen Square massacre in the face of a political understanding between the Right and the Left for the formation of government. Ten years later, he described the Greek parliament as being composed of "Kenyan delegates" in reaction to the outcry brought about by his mismanagement of the Öcalan affair.
1990s
In 1996 he was appointed as a Minister for Foreign Affairs and held the post until his resignation in 1999, in the aftermath of the scandal involving the Kurdish nationalist leader, Abdullah Öcalan: helped by individual members of the Greek intelligence agencies Öcalan entered Greece illegally and was then deported to Kenya, where he was captured by Turkish agents after leaving the Greek embassy at Nairobi.
Theodoros Pangalos is famous for his colorful language and insulting comments about political opponents and foreign dignitaries.
In 1997, he described the Turkish establishment as "murderers, rapists and thieves" in the midst of disagreements over the Turkish candidacy for entry into the European Union. Six months earlier, Theodoros Pangalos had, in sharp contrast to his later statements, declared that "Turkey certainly belongs in Europe, as it is a part of European history".
He is also known to regularly express opinions which contradict the official stance of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement while he has used strong language against numerous politicians including Georgios Alogoskoufis, the former Minister for Economy and Finance with the New Democracy party.
2000s
He was briefly made Minister for Culture in 2000, an appointment which was widely criticized, in view of his previous statement that artists who had protested his handling of the Öcalan affair were 'kouradomanges' (turd tough guys). According to the Panhellenic Socialist Movement-leaning daily newspaper "To Vima", Theodoros Pangalos resolved an administrative dispute with a Greek diplomatic official by "punching him to the ground" when the employee in question offered a handshake.
When in the course of the global financial crisis of 2007–2010 the Greek state became unable to service its debt, Pangalos demanded reparations from Germany for the war crimes committed during World War II as an alternative to the austerity measures demanded by the nation's creditors. Yet in 2010, he angered Greeks when, responding to claims that the misappropriation of state funds had led to the country's insolvency, he spoke out in favor of austerity measures and accused all citizens with the words "Mazi ta fagame" ("We all ate it together we are all responsible for the debt)".
Pangalos has stated on numerous occasions that he fights Greece's corner at every opportunity.
His year then further deteroriated when he was caught stating that Greeks are lazy and Turks are hard workers while on an official visit to Turkey where he was supposed to be promoting Greek banks investing in Turkey. Once again he denied he had made these comments or given an interview to Hurriyet and finally accused his accusers of lying. ND spokesman Yiannis Michelakis labeled Panagalos as being “out of control” and called for some action.
In popular culture.
A Greek experimental pop band named Plastic Flowers sampled his famous speech 'Mazi ta fagame' in their song 'Sinking ship-vanished crew'.
External links.
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm5911128/?ref_=tt_cl_t7 (IMDb)

</doc>
<doc id="2865376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865376" title="The Manor House Bishop Bridge">
The Manor House Bishop Bridge

The Manor House, Bishop Bridge is located in Lincolnshire, England. 
The house was built circa 1849, named "Kingerby Vale Cottage" on the Deeds, originally being two farm cottages which were later converted into one main dwelling and extended upon. In 2005, the manor was purchased by Sir John Hackett together with his Wife Lady Valentina Hackett and was sold again following extensive Flooding in 2008, it was then renamed to "Maja" just prior to its sale in 2010.
In 1964, the property was sold by a 'trust' made up of Michael Francis Young of Kingerby Hall, Geoffrey Mawer Cooper, Sir James William Francis Hill, a leading historian of Lincoln and Lincolnshire, and Gerrard Hugh Camamile of Newland Chambers. and in 1973 the manor house was purchased from Edward Squires of the 'Crown Inn' by Basil Allen-Mills, a retired Major in the British Army. By 1984, it was in the ownership of Michael Berridge, Public Relation Officer of the Central Council for British Naturism.
Bishopbridge Manor still retains many original internal features.

</doc>
<doc id="2865392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865392" title="Conway Park railway station">
Conway Park railway station

Conway Park railway station is situated in the town centre of Birkenhead, Wirral, England. It lies on the Wirral Line of the Merseyrail network.
Description.
Conway Park is the newest station on the Wirral Line, opening on 22 June 1998. It is between Birkenhead Park and Hamilton Square stations, approached on either side by a tunnel built by the Mersey Railway in the 1880s. It was built by excavating a box downwards, opening out the roof of the tunnel, which is 18 metres below ground level. The platforms are reached by stairs or lifts from the ticket office.
The station was built in order to provide a station on the lines from New Brighton and West Kirby that was more convenient for the town centre of Birkenhead than either Birkenhead Park or Hamilton Square (which are otherwise the nearest stations). Its name comes from the name of the redevelopment area on the north side of the town centre in which it is situated. The name has come under criticism as some regard it not to be particularly indicative of the station's location. When it was originally being planned, the station was known as Birkenhead Market. The platforms are protected by ticket barriers. The road which the station is situated on is Europa Boulevard.
Facilities.
The station is staffed, during all opening hours, and has platform CCTV. There are toilets, a payphone, a vending machine, booking office and live departure and arrival screens, for passenger information. The station doesn't have a free car park or a cycle rack, though there is a drop-off point on Europa Boulevard, as well as a "Pay and Display" car park, to the rear of the station as viewed from Birkenhead town centre. Step-free access to the platforms, for wheelchairs and prams, is possible, via the lifts. Each platform also has sheltered seating.
Services.
Trains operate every 15 minutes (Monday to Saturday daytime) to New Brighton and West Kirby and every 5–10 minutes via Hamilton Square and the Mersey Railway Tunnel to Liverpool. At other times, trains run every 30 minutes to New Brighton and West Kirby, and every 15 minutes to Liverpool. These services are all provided by Merseyrail's fleet of Class 507 and Class 508 EMUs.

</doc>
<doc id="2865396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865396" title="Spinal shock">
Spinal shock

Spinal shock was first defined by Whytt in 1750 as a loss of sensation accompanied by motor paralysis with initial loss but gradual recovery of reflexes, following a spinal cord injury (SCI) – most often a complete transection. Reflexes in the spinal cord caudal to the SCI are depressed (hyporeflexia) or absent (areflexia), while those rostral to the SCI remain unaffected. Note that the 'shock' in spinal shock does not refer to circulatory collapse, and should not be confused with neurogenic shock, which is life-threatening.
Phases of spinal shock.
Explanation of phases.
Ditunno et al. proposed a four-phase model for spinal shock in 2004 as follows:
Phase 1 is characterized by a complete loss—or weakening—of all reflexes below the SCI. This phase lasts for a day. The neurons involved in various reflex arcs normally receive a basal level of excitatory stimulation from the brain. After an SCI, these cells lose this input, and the neurons involved become hyperpolarized and therefore less responsive to stimuli.
Phase 2 occurs over the next two days, and is characterized by the return of some, but not all, reflexes below the SCI. The first reflexes to reappear are polysynaptic in nature, such as the bulbocavernosus reflex. Monosynaptic reflexes, such as the deep tendon reflexes, are not restored until Phase 3. Note that restoration of reflexes is not rostral to caudal as previously (and commonly) believed, but instead proceeds from polysynaptic to monosynaptic. The reason reflexes return is the hypersensitivity of reflex muscles following denervation – more receptors for neurotransmitters are expressed and are therefore easier to stimulate.
Phases 3 and 4 are characterized by hyperreflexia, or abnormally strong reflexes usually produced with minimal stimulation. Interneurons and lower motor neurons below the SCI begin sprouting, attempting to re-establish synapses. The first synapses to form are from shorter axons, usually from interneurons – this categorizes Phase 3. Phase 4 on the other hand, is soma-mediated, and will take longer for the soma to transport various growth factors, including proteins, to the end of the axon.
Autonomic effects.
In spinal cord injuries above T6, autonomic dysreflexia may occur, from the loss of autonomic innervation from the brain. Parasympathetic is preserved but the synergy between sympathetic and parasympathetic system is lost in cervical and high thoracic SCI lesions.sacral parasympathetic loss may be encounterd in below t6 t7 lesions. Cervical lesions cause total loss of sympathetic innervation and lead to vasovagal hypotension and bradyarrhythmias – which resolve in 3–6 weeks. Autonomic dysreflexia is permanent, and occurs from Phase 4 onwards. It is characterized by unchecked sympathetic stimulation below the SCI (from a loss of cranial regulation), leading to often extreme hypertension, loss of bladder/bowel control, sweating, headaches, and other sympathetic effects.

</doc>
<doc id="2865402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865402" title="Eric Gallagher">
Eric Gallagher

Rev. Dr Eric Gallagher CBE, BA, BD (1912–1999) was President of the Methodist Church in Ireland during 1967. 
In 1974 he was one of a group of Protestant clergymen who met with Provisional IRA officers in Feakle, County Clare in the 1970s to try to broker a peace after achieving a temporary ceasefire. The meeting was broken up by the Gardai but the IRA officers had already left. He spent 22 years as superintendent of the Belfast Central Mission, from 1957 until 1979. 
He died on 30 December 1999, aged 87, and was interred at the Lisburn New Cemetery at Blaris, County Down.
Legacy.
At Rev Gallagher's funeral in January 2000, Cardinal Cahal Daly, with whom Gallagher had jointly chaired a social issues group behind the "Violence in Ireland" report to the churches stated: ""Not many people have been clear and steady beacons of light in the darkness of the last 30 years. Eric Gallagher was one ... was a privilege to work with him ... he took risks for peace.""
Other.
Rev. Gallagher was the subject of "Peacemaker", written by Dennis Cooke.

</doc>
<doc id="2865440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865440" title="Stuart Chase">
Stuart Chase

Stuart Chase (March 8, 1888 – November 16, 1985) was an American economist (MIT). social theorist and writer. His writings covered topics as diverse as general semantics and physical economy. Chase's thought was shaped by Henry George, economic philosopher Thorstein Veblen and Fabian socialism. Chase spent his early political
career supporting "a wide range of reform causes: the single tax, women's suffrage, 
birth control and socialism." Chase's early books "The Tragedy of Waste" (1925)
and "Your Money's Worth" (1928) were notable for their criticism of corporate advertising and their advocacy of 
consumer protection.
Early life.
Chase was born in Somersworth, New Hampshire on March 8, 1888 to public accountant, Harvey Stuart Chase, and to Aaronette Rowe. His family had been living in New England since the seventeenth century. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1907 to 1908 and graduated from Harvard University in 1910 as a public accountant. After graduating, Chase became part of his father's accounting firm in Boston. Chase married Margaret Hatfield in 1914 and had two children. He and Margaret got divorced in 1929 and one year later he remarried to Marian Tyler. Chase died in Redding Connecticut on November 16, 1985, at the age of 97.
Career.
In 1917, Chase left accounting and took a position with the Food Administration of the Federal Trade Commission in Washington, D.C. along with his former classmates, journalist Walter Lippman and John Reed and poet T.S. Eliot. In this commission, Chase conducted investigations on waste and corruption, one of them being the meatpacking industry with Upton Sinclair.
In 1921, Chase joined; alongside with economic philosopher Thorstein Veblen, the affairs of the Technical Alliance which later formed into Technocracy Incorporated, (Technocracy movement). Chase also worked with the Labor Bureau, which was an organization that provided services for labor unions and cooperatives.
In 1927, Chase wrote "Your Money's Worth", discussing advertisements that fail to deliver products that are advertised to costumer who order them.
In 1932, Chase wrote "a New Deal", which became identified with the economic programs of American president Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Fabian socialist and Florence Kelley gave to Franklin Delano Roosevelt, which he used in his first presidential campaign agenda. He also wrote a cover story in "The New Republic" entitled "A New Deal for America", during the week that Roosevelt gave his 1932 presidential acceptance speech promising a new deal, but whether Roosevelt's speechwriter Samuel Rosenman saw the magazine is not clear. 
His 1938 book "The Tyranny of Words" was an early (perhaps the earliest, predating Hayakawa) and influential popularization of Alfred Korzybski's general semantics.
Chase supported the isolationist movement and was against US entry in World War II, advocating this position in his 1939 book "The New Western Front". After the war, Chase became involved in social science to labor and to the environment. He wrote "The Proper Study of Mankind" in 1948, where he introduced the social science to several college campuses.
In a 1952 article "Nineteen Propositions About Communism", Chase criticised the government of the Soviet Union, stating
Russian citizens, trade unions and farmers "had no power" in the Soviet Union, despite the claims of
Communist supporters. Chase also
dismissed the Communist Party of the USA as "our miniscule menace" whose members consisted
of "a high proportion of frustrated neurotics and plain crackpots as well as some high minded-idealists-a tragic group,
this last". Chase also quoted Herbert Philbrick to the effect that "the McCarthyites
and demogogues...make the work of the FBI more difficult by confusing the innocent with the guilty."
In the 1960s, Chase lent his support to the Johnson administration's Great Society policies.
Quotes.
Chase is famous for the quote at the end of his book "A New Deal", "Why should the Soviets have all the fun remaking a world?" – a reference to the "socialist experiment" in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR).
He is quoted in S. I. Hayakawa's "Language in Thought and Action" as having said, "Common sense is that which tells us the world is flat."
Free Enterprise into 'X'.
On pages 95 and 96 of "The Road We Are Traveling", under the heading of "Free Enterprise into 'X'", Chase listed 18 characteristics of political economy that he had observed among Russia, Germany, Italy, Japan, and Spain between 1913 and 1942. Chase labeled this phenomenon "... something called 'X'". Characteristics include the following:
Responses to Chase.
Vangermeersch, Richard G. J. "The Life and Writings of Stuart Chase (1888–1985): From an Accountant's Perspective". Amsterdam: Elsevier JAI, 2005. ISBN 978-0-7623-1213-9
In 1969 President Richard Nixon cited Chase's work in a message to congress about consumer protection.

</doc>
<doc id="2865441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865441" title="Apollo Perelini">
Apollo Perelini

Apollo Perelini (born 16 July 1969 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former Samoa dual code rugby international player. He is a New Zealand national.
Perelini played for St. Helens in the Rugby League Premiership and the Super League. He also played for Sale Sharks in the Zurich Championship and North Harbour in New Zealand. Perelini played both prop and second row in league, but just as a back row player in union.
He was named 'Apollo 11' because he was born on the day that the Apollo space project was launched.
In the 1991 Rugby Union World Cup he played as an open side flanker, in the Samoans' four games (against Scotland, Wales, Argentina and Australia). During the World Cup he gained the nickname of "Terminator" for his hard tackling. In 1994 he received an approach from St Helens to play rugby league in England. At first he rejected it, but finally agreed. In 1995 he played for rugby league for Samoa in the Rugby League World Cup, making him the first Samoan to play in World Cups in both codes.
Perelini played for St Helens at prop forward in the 1996 Challenge Cup Final, scoring a try in the final minutes and helping his team to a 40-32 victory over Bradford Bulls. At the end of Super League's first season, Perelini was named at prop forward in the 1996 Super League Dream Team.
Perelini played for St Helens RLFC at prop forward in their 1999 Super League Grand Final victory over Bradford Bulls. Having won the 1999 Championship, St Helens RLFC contested in the 2000 World Club Challenge against National Rugby League Premiers the Melbourne Storm, with Perelini playing from the interchange bench in the loss. He also played for St Helens at pop forward in their 2000 Super League Grand Final victory over Wigan Warriors.
At age 33, after finishing his rugby league playing career, he returned to Rugby Union's Sale Sharks as a player. After retiring from playing he joined the Sale's Coaching staff. In 2004 he returned to St Helens as the team's strength and conditioning coach .
He now lives in Dubai and is head of sport at Repton School Dubai a private school and Wayne McDonald is keen to get him involved with rugby league in the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="2865449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865449" title="Sam Means">
Sam Means

Sam Means is a comedy writer. He won three Emmy awards for his work on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" and wrote for the last two seasons of "30 Rock" on NBC. Currently he is on the staff of Parks and Recreation. He began his comedy career as a cartoonist for "The New Yorker". and as a contributing writer for "The Onion". He has written a satirical book "A Practical Guide To Racism" in character as Professor "C. H. Dalton." 
Means received his A.B. from Dartmouth College, and an M.Phil. in philosophy from King's College, Cambridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="2865451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865451" title="Donald Pickering">
Donald Pickering

Donald Ellis Pickering (15 November 1933 – 19 December 2009) was an English actor.
Pickering had appeared in many television, film and radio roles. His television appearances include several roles in "Doctor Who", "The Pallisers", "The House of Eliott", Watson in the 1980 series "Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson", "Yes, Prime Minister", "Brittas Empire" and "Executive Stress".

</doc>
<doc id="2865473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865473" title="Little Brother">
Little Brother

Little Brother or little brother may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865478" title="Johan Wanloo">
Johan Wanloo

Johan Wanloo (born July 16, 1972, in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a comic book creator known for his many comic strips published in newspapers, tabloids, and magazines including the Swedish version of "MAD Magazine". His career started in 1987 when he sold a cartoon to the computer magazine "Svenska Hemdatornytt".
Many of his comics involve satire of those he perceives to be pretentious or out of touch with regular people. Usually this includes snobs and people with radical political beliefs. He greatly dislikes Goth and indie culture and claims that he has "the musical taste of a 60-year old".
He is a fan of retro-kitch and likes to incorporate this into his work. Many of his comics are parodies/homages of old pulp fiction and he has even done a number of strips where he alters original artwork to make new stories.
Works.
Wanloo mostly does strips featuring himself where he comments on society, but he has also created a number of original characters including
A parody of classic pulp fiction starring the two famous "alpha males" Felix Gimlet and El Fjongo. Felix is the playboy genius while Fjongo is a wrestler who always wears a Lucha libre-style mask.
A violent, possibly psychotic government agent who saves the world alongside his two kid sidekicks.
Comic strip about a grumpy, sadistic old man.
On a personal level, Wanloo once said that his idol is Charlton Heston. Despite being nearly 2 meters tall, he usually draws himself quite short. He used to be heavily into splatter films.

</doc>
<doc id="2865499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865499" title="Metastaseis (Xenakis)">
Metastaseis (Xenakis)

Metastaseis (Greek: Μεταστάσεις, spelled "Metastasis" in correct French transliteration, or in some early writings by the composer "Métastassis") is an orchestral work for 61 musicians by Iannis Xenakis. His first major work, it was written in 1953-54 after his studies with Olivier Messiaen and is 8 minutes in length. The work was premiered at the 1955 Donaueschingen Festival with Hans Rosbaud conducting. This work was originally a part of a Xenakis' trilogy titled "Anastenaria" (together with "Procession aux eaux claires" and "Sacrifice"), but was detached by Xenakis for separate performance.
"Metastaseis" was inspired by the combination of an Einsteinian view of time and Xenakis' memory of the sounds of warfare, and structured on mathematical ideas by Le Corbusier. Music usually consists of a set of sounds ordered in time; music played backwards is hardly recognizable. Messiaen's similar observations led to his noted uses of non-retrogradable rhythms; Xenakis wished to reconcile the linear perception of music with a relativistic view of time. In warfare, as Xenakis knew it through his musical ear, no individual bullet being fired could be distinguished among the cacophony, but taken as a whole the sound of "gunfire" was clearly identifiable. The particular sequence of shots was unimportant: the individual guns could have fired in a completely different pattern from the way they actually did, but the sound produced would still have been the same. These ideas combined to form the basis of "Metastaseis".
The work requires an orchestra of 61 players (12 winds, 3 percussionists playing 7 instruments, 46 strings) with no two performers playing the same part. It was written using a sound mass technique in which each player is responsible for completing glissandi at different pitch levels and times. The piece is dominated by the strings, which open the piece in unison before their split into 46 separate parts.
As Newtonian views of time show it flowing linearly, Einsteinian views show it as a function of matter and energy; change one of those quantities and time too is changed. Xenakis attempted to make this distinction in his music. While most traditional compositions depend on strictly measured time for the progress of the line, using an unvarying tempo, time signature, or phrase length, "Metastaseis" changes intensity, register, and density of scoring, as the musical analogues of mass and energy. It is by these changes that the piece propels itself forward: the first and third movements of the work do not have even a melodic theme or motive to hold them together, but rather depend on the strength of this conceptualization of time.
The second movement does have some sort of melodic element. A fragment of a twelve-tone row is used, with durations based on the Fibonacci sequence. (This integer sequence is nothing new to music: it was used often by Bartók, among others.) One interesting property of the Fibonacci sequence is that the further into the infinite sequence one looks, the closer the ratio of a term to its preceding term comes to the Golden Section; it doesn't take long before the result is correct to several significant figures. This idea of the Golden Section and the Fibonacci Sequence was also a favorite of Xenakis in his architectural works; the Convent de La Tourette was built on this principle. See: Modulor.
Xenakis, an accomplished architect, saw the chief difference between music and architecture as that while space is viewable from all directions, music can only be experienced from one. The preliminary sketch for "Metastaseis" was in graphic notation looking more like a blueprint than a musical score, showing graphs of mass motion and glissandi like structural beams of the piece, with pitch on one axis and time on the other. In fact, this design ended up being the basis for the Philips Pavilion, which had no flat surfaces but rather the hyperbolic paraboloids of his musical masses and swells. Yet unlike many avant-garde composers of this century who would take such a thing as the completed score, Xenakis notated every event in traditional notation.
The Greek title Μεταστάσεις was transliterated by the composer himself in various ways when writing in French: "Les Métastassis", "Métastassis", and "Les Métastaseis". The Greek digraph ει is pronounced as "i" in modern Greek, and the correct French transliteration is "Metastasis". The title page of the published score gives "MetastaseisB" in the composer's handwriting, and it appears typeset in this form on the score cover as well. The title, a "portmanteau", in the plural, "Meta" (after or beyond) -"stasis" (immobility), refers to the dialectical contrast between movement or change and nondirectionality. According to the composer's own description, ""Meta"=after + "staseis"=a state of standstills—dialectic transformations. The "Metastaseis" are a hinge between classical music (which includes serial music) and 'formalized music' which the composer was obliged to inculcate into composition". These transformations include both the glissando mass events and the permutation of the tone rows. The "B" ("beta") refers to the revisions suggested by Hermann Scherchen: reduction of the strings from 12-12-12-12-4 to 12-12-8-8-6.
A ballet was choreographed to Xenakis' "Metastaseis" and "Pithoprakta" by George Balanchine (see Metastaseis and Pithoprakta); the work was premiered on January 18, 1968 by the New York City Ballet with Suzanne Farrell and Arthur Mitchell.

</doc>
<doc id="2865504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865504" title="Robert D. Bailey, Jr.">
Robert D. Bailey, Jr.

Robert D. Bailey, Jr. (October 12, 1912 – September 29, 1994) was West Virginia Secretary of State from 1965 to 1969. He was a graduate of Concord College and Washington and Lee University School of Law.
Born in Baileysville, he was the son of Robert D. Bailey, Sr. and Sue Starkey Bailey. During World War II, he served in the U.S. Army in the European Theater. Admitted to the bar in 1934, he inherited his father's law practice, including representation of railroads and timber companies in southern West Virginia, based in his home town of Pineville. His own wide-ranging business involvements included the Castle Rock Bank of Pineville, Radio Station WWYO, the Independent Herald newspaper, and the Pineville Gas Company.
A Democrat, he was Wyoming County Prosecuting Attorney in 1949-61. He was appointed West Virginia Secretary of State by Governor Hulett C. Smith on May 17, 1965, and was elected in 1966, serving until January, 1969.
After Smith's term ended, Bailey returned to private practice in his home town of Pineville.
He died in 1992 and was survived by his wife Jean H Bailey, his son Robert D. Bailey III, granddaughter Angela and grandsons Robbie(RDB IV)and Micah Bailey.

</doc>
<doc id="2865511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865511" title="Matt McNamara">
Matt McNamara

Matthew "Matt" McNamara is a fictional character on the American television series "Nip/Tuck", portrayed by John Hensley.
Character history.
Matthew "Matt" McNamara, was raised as the son of Julia and Sean McNamara, although his biological father is Christian Troy, a man he regards as an uncle. Matt has two half-sisters, Annie (whose father is Sean and mother is Julia) and Emme Lowell (daughter of Christian with a woman named Darlene Lowell) and a younger half-brother, Conor (son of Sean and Julia). He is approximately 16 years of age at the beginning of the show's first season. Although he is not as much of a ruffian in the beginning, it is implied that he was a delinquent in his early years, as Sean says to Christian, "I've spent too many years trying to corral your bad genetics".
Season One.
Matt worries about sex with his girlfriend, Vanessa, and her possible reaction to his foreskin. He tells his parents that he wants to have a circumcision; Sean declines to perform the procedure, telling Matt there is nothing wrong with not being circumcised. However, when Vanessa is turned off, Matt decides to circumcise himself after reading a 'how-to guide' on the Internet. Unsurprisingly, his attempt goes wrong and Sean and Christian are forced to perform the operation properly. After the surgery, Matt discovers that Vanessa was not turned off by his foreskin but is in fact a lesbian and having an affair with a popular cheerleader, Ridley. When Ridley shows signs of wanting to end their affair, Vanessa asks Matt to have a threesome with them to keep Ridley interested. The threesomes continue, until Sean and Julia find out and have a family intervention with Ridley and Vanessa's parents. Weeks later, Matt and his friend Henry commit a hit and run while under the influence of marijuana. Both cover up their involvement, but both grow attached to the victim, an outsider whose strict Christian Scientist mother won't allow her to have the necessary surgery to repair her injuries.
Season Two.
Henry is arrested and charged for the hit and run, and Matt testifies against him in court, claiming he was not in the car at the time of the accident. Meanwhile, Sean and Julia worry about his attitude and ask him to visit life coach Ava Moore. As part of a trust exercise, Ava asks Matt to take a naked photograph of her, and later offers him sexual intercourse in return for good grades. Matt and Ava sleep together, and Matt discovers that she has a teenage son, Adrian. Meanwhile, Sean, Julia and Christian all discover Ava's duplicitous, dangerous nature, and Christian takes it upon himself (due to recently discovering he is Matt's biological father) to try and keep Matt away from her after catching him masturbating outside of her window. Matt eventually discovers the truth about his paternity, shattering his relationship with Sean. Adrian begins to display disturbing behavior (stemming from his incestuous relationship with Ava) and runs away from home, while Matt wants to run away with Ava to Paris, France. Sean, Julia and Christian discover that Ava is a MTF transsexual and in return for enhanced vaginal surgery, Ava promises to leave Matt. As she packs, Adrian shows up and kills himself in front of Ava, who leaves his body and flees to Paris.
Season Three.
Matt discovers Adrian's body and discovers that Ava used to be a man, pushing him to the edge. He visits a transsexual bar and picks up a woman named Cherry Peck. When he discovers that she is a pre-op transsexual, he physically attacks her. In revenge, Cherry and her friends chase after Matt and after they beat him up, they urinate on him. Before the incident, Matt shaves his head and taunts Sean. Sean punches Matt, so he files a restraining order against his father. The court order is later dropped, but Sean and Matt continue to be on bad terms. Matt starts dating Ariel Alderman who, along with the rest of her family, are Neo-Nazis. Matt watches as Ariel bleaches her skin and listens to her racist beliefs. Meanwhile, Cherry comes to McNamara/Troy and asks them to fix her botched plastic surgery for free, as Matt beat her up. Sean is against it, as Cherry and her friends attacked him too. Having an epiphany, Matt encourages Sean to operate on Cherry and he befriends her. Things spiral out of control when the Alderman's spot Matt and Cherry together and kidnap them. Mr. Alderman forces Matt to either cut off his penis, or Cherry's. Cherry tells Matt that it is okay, and Matt presumably cuts it off. Mr Alderman then drives Matt and Cherry to wasteland outside Miami and forces Matt to bury Cherry alive. But Matt stands up to Mr Alderman at gunpoint and Cherry hits Mr Alderman from behind with a shovel, then shoots him.
Season Four.
After the traumatic events of last season, Matt is having a hard time coping and turns to exercise as an outlet. Matt runs into Kimber Henry at the gym, and learns about her religion of Scientology. Hoping that the religion will help him deal with his guilt, he joins - but it soon becomes more of an excuse to see Kimber. Kimber encourages Matt to move out of the McNamara home due to it being "toxic", and ends up cleaning roadsides as part of his religious training. After being rejected by Christian, Kimber tries to get back at him by sleeping with Matt. Several weeks later, Matt and Kimber tell Sean and Christian that they are married and expecting a baby. The couple move in together and Matt films a porn movie with her in an effort to spice up their sex life. Matt confesses to Sean that he knows Kimber only married him to get back at Christian, but he really does love her.
Season Five.
Matt shows up in Los Angeles with newborn baby Jenna. He claims that he is now poor as Kimber gave all their money to Scientology, and that he has left her. In truth, this is nothing but a ruse to get money to pay for his and Kimber's spiraling addiction to crystal meth. Kimber tries to return to the porn industry, but is shot down by producer Ram Peters due to her habit. He does, however, want Matt in a gay porn movie after seeing the size of his penis in the homemade porn movie they made last year. Matt is willing to do the movie, until Kimber stops him. After quitting drugs through Scientology, Kimber agrees to dump Matt in return for surgery on her meth-ravaged face and teeth. Kimber tells Matt that she never loved him and moves in with Ram, taking Jenna with her. Matt later confronts Christian about it. Christian gets mad and disowns him until he grows up. Devastated, Matt turns to meth and accidentally blows up the motel he is staying in, inflicting severe burns on his body. While resting in hospital, Matt bonds with his burns counselor, Rachel Ben Natan, who was left horrifically scarred when a terrorist in her native Israel blew up right next to her. Matt and Rachel start dating, until Rachel ends things as she cannot see a future with him. Matt yells at her for daring to be "picky", and that she should consider herself lucky to be with him. Matt meets one of Christian's patients, Southern girl Emme Lowell, and sleeps with her. Matt and Emme feel a connection like none they have ever felt before. This is explained when Emme reveals that she came to Los Angeles to find her biological father: Christian Troy. Matt and Emme come clean to their parents about their love, and are told to end things immediately. Emme plans to return home, but despite his feelings Matt makes the right decision and lets her go. While helping Sean with his physical therapy, Matt revealed that he wanted to go into medicine, and that he was taking pre-med courses at a local community college. A few episodes later, Matt realizes he only wants to play a doctor on television, and goes into acting.
Season Six.
In the season six premiere, Matt tells Sean and Christian that he has been taking miming classes and plans to perform as a mime as a living. Christian openly derides Matt for this and tells him to get a real job. After a horrific day in which he is both robbed of the little money he has earned and his stereo—Matt reaches his breaking point when he attempts to purchase coffee from a coffee shop employee and pulls out a fake handgun which terrifies the employee, and she hands over all the money in the register. Matt then decides to use this disguise to rob other places; he is eventually known as "The Mime" after robbing several stores. 
After being released from a line-up by the police (the witness failed to identify Matt) and interrogated by his fathers who have become suspicious of his newfound wealth, Matt is severely wounded attempting to hold up a convenience store when the clerk pulls out a shotgun and fires it at him. He makes it to Christian's place and collapses on the floor; he removes his jacket and shows that he is severely wounded. After treating Matt's wounds, Julia, Sean and Christian come to the realization that despite all their attempts, Matt is just a bad person (with Christian seeming to take it the worst, blaming his rapist father for passing those genes on) and that he should be turned in to the police. 
Matt, who heard Julia and Christian talking, leaves soon after and breaks into Kimber's home to see his daughter. Kimber catches him, and after learning that he is leaving for Mexico, she begs to go with him. However, at a truck stop, Matt encounters Christian who tells him that Kimber helped slow him down long enough for Christan to find him and pleads with him to turn himself in. Matt pulls out a handgun and fires it at Christian to get him out (the round shatters the driver side window). Matt leaves but ruptures his stitches and calls Sean, who comes to help him. After stitching his son up, Matt leaves and finds the police and Christian waiting outside. Matt is handcuffed and read his Miranda Rights as he is led to a squad car. 
At the urging of his grandmother Erica, Matt decides to be a witness in regards to Sean and Julia being unfit parents after Erica decides to petition for custody of Annie and Connor after Sean's suicide attempt. She also urges Matt to become a "prison bitch" to survive inside, as she believes he will not survive otherwise. When Christian goes to the prison to visit Matt, he is greeted instead by Matt's cellmate, who plans on turning Matt into his "bitch" in exchange for his protection, and tells Christian that Matt has agreed to get breast implants. A shocked Christian leaves, and makes an arrangement with the warden to have Matt transferred to another cell (selling his beloved boat to raise enough cash), however Matt's former cellmate is transferred as well and savagely beats Matt. Visiting Matt in the prison hospital, Christian refuses to perform the surgery on Matt but instead offers him another option; drugging his cellmate's food with drugs used for chemical castration (thus making it impossible for him to rape Matt). This works for a time, until Matt accidentally drops the bottle (which was hidden in a hollowed-out book) and his cellmate realizes what has been happening to him. He tries to rape Matt with a plunger that is in the cell, and Matt fights back by kicking him in the testicles and then strangling him with the lingerie his cellmate had bought for him. 
In exchange for performing liposuction on an overweight death row inmate, Wesley Clovis (to ensure that the execution is successful), Sean and Christian make a deal that Matt is to be released from prison early. As the execution draws near, another inmate confronts Matt and tells him that Clovis is in fact innocent. As Matt is released in preparation for the execution, he begins to tell Sean and Christian about Clovis's innocence. However, realizing that this revelation will cost him his freedom, Matt quickly changes his mind, instead saying that he thinks Clovis is sick, disturbed, has no chance at rehabilitation, and that executing him is the right thing to do.
Matt goes to work in a carpet shop after being released from prison, where he falls in love with the manager, Ramona. During a therapy session with Christian and Sean, Matt and Ramona tell them that they will soon be married, and that Matt does not want to see them anymore.
Everything seems fine between Matt and Ramona until Ava comes back into Matt's life in the series penultimate episode. On the couple's wedding day, Matt gets a text message and goes outside, where Ava is waiting for him in a limo. They drive away as Sean watches.
In the final episode of the series, Matt tells Sean and Christian that he and Ava plan on going to Brazil to find a suitable surgeon to operate on Raphael, Ava's adopted son. Christian later meets Ava and tells her that he will perform the surgery, provided she ends her relationship with Matt and leaves. Ava says that she loves Matt, but Christian believes she is just using him. 
Later, while Christian and Sean perform the surgery, Ava tells Matt that she does not want anything to do with him and that she never loved him. This devastates Matt. After the surgery is completed, Ava abandons Raphael when she learns that he will have permanent scarring from the procedure. 
That night, Matt goes to Christian's apartment to pick up his daughter, where he has a discussion with Christian about what it means to be a father. Christian tells him that it means sacrificing everything for your kids, and that he does not think Matt is capable of doing that. Matt says that he knows he can be a good father, and that he wants to make Christian proud of him. Matt tricks Christian into allowing him to leave with his daughter, Jenna, by lying and saying he and his ex-fiance, Ramona, are going to get married and be a family. In truth (as seen by the audience during his story to Christian), Ramona berated Matt for jilting her, spitting on him.
Finally, as Ava is getting ready to leave Matt approaches her at the airport. He says he has bought tickets and that he wants to go with her. Ava still says that she does not love him, but Matt says he can see "the smoke" in her eyes. He tells her that even though he has messed up, Jenna is a very good daughter, and she needs a good mother that she can look up to. He also goes on to say that he has always loved her and will always love her. Ava agrees to be with Matt. The three of them are later seen going up the escalator, getting ready to start their life together.

</doc>
<doc id="2865524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865524" title="Asamushi Onsen">
Asamushi Onsen

Asamushi Onsen () is the site of a hot spring, located in Aomori City in Aomori Prefecture, Japan. It was developed as the downtown beside the onsen town and is sometimes known as "Atami in Tohoku" after the famous Atami Onsen in mid-Japan.
History.
According to tradition, the hot spring was discovered by Ennin in 876, during the Heian period. The hot spring was first used for steaming ("mushi") hemp (Cannabis or "asa"), leading to the name, though the kanji character used for the name differs. When Hōnen visited in 1190, he popularized the custom of bathing in the hot spring.
Onsen town.
About 30 hotels and Japanese-style inns are located in the town. Two attractions include the Asamushi Aquarium and the Wonderland Asamushi amusement park. The Matsu no Yu communal onsen and Michi no Eki Asamushi Onsen are among the bathing facilities. There is a hiking trail on the mountain behind the railway station, with an overlook providing views of Mutsu Bay and the island of Yunoshima.
Transportation.
The resort is served by Asamushi-Onsen Station on the Tōhoku Main Line, as well as by Michinoeki Asamushi-Onsen Station for Aomori city buses. Guests arriving by automobile can take Route 4; the trip from the center of Aomori takes about 30 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="2865528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865528" title="Bolani">
Bolani

Bolani (), or Borekai (), is a vegan flat-bread from Afghanistan, baked or fried with a vegetable filling. It has a thin crust and can be stuffed with a variety of ingredients, such as potatoes, spinach, lentils, pumpkin, or leeks. It can be served with plain yogurt or mint yogurt.
Bolani is made for special occasions like birthday parties, engagement parties or holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="2865533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865533" title="Goryeo–Khitan War">
Goryeo–Khitan War

The Goryeo–Khitan War were a series of 10th- and 11th-century invasions of Korea's Goryeo Dynasty by the Khitan Liao Dynasty near the present-day border between China and North Korea. It resulted in the defeat of Liao Dynasty.
Background.
During the Three Kingdoms of Korea period, Goguryeo occupied the northern Korean Peninsula and parts of Manchuria and inner Mongolia. With Goguryeo's fall in 668, Silla unified the Three Kingdoms, while northern parts of Goguryeo territory were briefly occupied by Silla's ally Tang Dynasty China. A former Goguryeo general revived Goguryeo's Manchurian territory as the new kingdom of Balhae.
Right after the fall of Goguryeo, Turkic peoples (called Göktürks) were divided and eventually driven out from most of Central Asia by the Tang Dynasty. Another Turkic tribe, the Uyghurs, replaced the Göktürks but their control was not very strong.
As Balhae, the Uyghur and the Tang Dynasty weakened, the Khitan people, a nomadic confederation located in Manchuria and eastern Mongolia, grew stronger and began to expand their territory. Following Tang's fall in 907, China experienced a long period of civil war.
In 911, threatened by Khitan expansion, Balhae sought assistance from the declining Silla of the Korean Peninsula. Records stated that Balhae also requested help from Silla's successor dynasty Goryeo during the Later Three Kingdoms. 
In 916, the Liao Dynasty was founded by the Khitan chief Yelü Abaoji, replacing the Uyghurs as the dominant power of present-day Mongolia.
Goryeo-Khitan relations.
On the Korean Peninsula, Silla was succeeded by Goryeo in 918. The Khitan in 926 destroyed Balhae, and many of Balhae's ruling class moved south and joined the newly founded Goryeo Dynasty. 
The Khitan took control of 16 Chinese provinces south of the Great Wall for helping the foundation of the short-lived Later Jin Dynasty (936-947), which ruled only a small part of China.
In 922, the Khitan leader Yelü Abaoji sent horses and camels to Goryeo as gifts of friendship. However, when Balhae fell to the Khitan a few years later, King Taejo embraced refugees from Balhae and pursued a policy of northern expansion (possibly enabled by the absence of a fellow Korean kingdom in what was once Goguryeo territory). In 942, the Khitan sent another 50 camels to Goryeo, but this time Taejo refused the gift, exiled the envoy to an island, and had the camels starved to death. 
Succeeding Goryeo rulers continued the anti-Khitan policy. Jeongjong raised an army of 300,000 to defend against the Khitan. Gwangjong built fortresses along the northwest, and aggressively developed the military fortifications of present-day Pyongan and Hamgyong provinces.
Liao's expansion.
In 962, Gwangjong of Goryeo allied with Song Dynasty in central China and pursued a northern expansion policy. Additionally, some Balhae refugees had formed a small state called Jeong-an Kingdom in mid-Yalu River region and allied with Song and Goryeo against the Khitan.
The Khitan eventually regained internal stability under the strong leadership of Emperor Shengzong, who sought to counter regional isolation. After conquering Jeongan-guk in 986 and attacking Jurchen tribes in lower Yalu in 991, the Khitans initiated attacks against Goryeo.
First Invasion.
In 993, the Khitan invaded Goryeo's northwest border with 60,000 troops. The Khitan withdrew and ceded territory to the east of the Yalu River when Goryeo agreed to end its alliance with Song China. However, Goryeo continued to communicate with Song, having strengthened its position by building fortresses in the newly gained northern territories.
Second Invasion.
The Khitan attacked again during an internal Goryeo power struggle. King Hyeonjong was forced to flee the capital temporarily, but Goryeo repulsed the Khitan attack. Finally, Khitan forces withdrew.
Third Invasion.
When Goryeo continued to refuse to submit or return the northern territories, the Khitan attacked once more. Goryeo generals, including Gang Gam-chan, were able to inflict heavy losses on the Khitan army in the Battle of Kwiju. The Khitan withdrew without achieving their demands, and the two nations signed a peace treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="2865534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865534" title="Miracle on the Han River">
Miracle on the Han River

The Miracle on the Han River () is a term used to refer to South Korea's postwar export-fueled economic growth, including rapid industrialization, technological achievement, education boom, large rise in living standards, rapid urbanization, skyscraper boom, modernization, successful hosting of the 1988 Summer Olympics and co-hosting of the 2002 FIFA World Cup. This growth was accompanied by a democratization and globalization that transformed the country from the destruction of the Korean War to a wealthy and developed country with a globally influential economy and prominent multinational conglomerates such as Samsung, LG, and Hyundai-Kia.
More specifically, this phrase refers to the economic growth of Seoul, through which the Han River flows, though it is generally used in reference to the country. Also, the "miracle" generally refers to the period between 1961 and 1996. The phrase comes from the "Miracle on the Rhine", used to describe the economic rebirth of West Germany after World War II, resulting partially from the Marshall Plan. The "Miracle on the Han" is used to describe the growth of postwar South Korea into the world's 15th largest economy and a role model for many developing countries in Asia. Seoul's infrastructure was destroyed by the Korean War and millions lived in poverty at the time, with thousands of unemployed people struggling to fulfill basic needs.
When General Park Chung-hee seized power in 1961, South Korea had a per capita income of less than $80 per year. During that time, South Korea was mostly dependent on foreign aid, largely from the U.S.A. in exchange for South Korea's involvement in the Vietnam War. Government's Saemaeul movement focused on developing rural Korea. The strong leadership of the government, though criticized as repressive and heavy-handed, and the effective use of cheap labor, served as a catalyst for the South Korean economy.
In less than four decades, Seoul was transformed into a global city, a center of business and commerce in Northeast Asia and a highly developed economic hub, laying the grounds for an advanced technological and communications infrastructure. Koreans consider this rapid growth a symbol of national pride and self-sufficience. Besides the Saemaeul movement, the Korean government carried out another effective economic development plan called the Five-Year Plan. There were more than five plans created, and they were designed to revive the economy. Each of the plans contributed greatly to industrialization and enlarging the marketplaces of South Korea.
Development during postwar governments (1953-1961).
In the aftermath of the Korean War, South Korea became increasingly authoritarian as a result of militant anti-Communist policies enacted by President Syngman Rhee. Despite these issues, the Rhee administration is noted for at least two achievements which aided economic growth. First, Rhee's firm leadership in the aftermath of the war allowed South Korea to stabilize itself. Secondly, the Rhee administration implemented an important land reform that provided for the redistribution of land, averting a potentially explosive social issue. However, when Rhee and the Liberal Party rigged the presidential election of 1960 in an attempt to consolidate their power, nationwide demonstrations led by angry students brought about the end of Rhee's regime, to be succeeded democratically by Chang Myon, the leader of the Democratic Party. However, with factional and other differences, economic and social problems continued to mount and in 1961, a military coup led by General Park Chung Hee overthrew the Democratic Party, giving rise to a military junta.
Development during Park Chung-hee rule (1961-1979).
One of the most important contributors to the "Miracle on the Han River" was Park Chung-Hee. Under the rule of Park Chung-hee, South Korea began to make a successful recovery in its economy. Park Chung-hee announced the first 5-year Economic Development Plan to mobilize national resources in establishing a self-supporting industrial economy. This psychological boost gave Koreans confidence and motivation in its path to economic success. "Treat employees like family" was Park's new motto, which also led to Korea's economic success. With this motto, Korean workers were claimed to be 2.5 times more productive than American workers even though Korean workers were paid one-tenth of American wages.
Park's rule is remembered by Koreans with mixed emotions. Many praise him for the contributions he made to Korea's economy and its recovery, but contemporary opinions criticize him for what has been called a dictatorship. Following a military coup in the 1960s Park established a strong authoritarian rule characterized by a one-party regime. In this authoritarian state, the leading party only had to appease a small constituency of the ruling or military elite.
During Park's tenure Korea suffered from censorship in the press and media. Because of strong antipathies toward communism, Korean journalism and free speech were tightly controlled. Disregarding human rights and violations, Park would utilize the abundant supply of cheap labor and place his foremost priority on Korea's economic restoration. Morality laws established mandatory curfews and regulations on attire and music. In his program of Yushin Kaehyuk (Revitalizing Reforms), he caused Korean cinema to enter into a moribund period considered by many to be the lowest periods in the history of Korean cinema.
Such enormous growth of economy came with costs to freedom. Although Park was successful in bringing economic recovery to Korea, he trampled on human rights and often imprisoned those who questioned his rule. Park had believed that South Korea was not ready to be a full democratic nation nor a free nation. As he stated, "Democracy cannot be realized without an economic revolution." Park argued that the poverty of the nation would make it vulnerable, and therefore an urgent task was to eliminate poverty rather than establish a democratic nation. During his presidency the Korean Central Intelligence Agency became a much feared institution and the government frequently imprisoned anyone who opposed them. Park Chung-hee's rule ended on October 26, 1979 when he was killed by his chief of security services, Kim Jaegyu.
Specific planned policies.
Syngman Rhee enabled South Korea's first economic spurt, thanks to the implementation of an important land reform. This provided for the redistribution of land, thus removing a potentially problematic social issue.
Park Chung Hee also made significant contributions to the welfare of South Korea. South Korea began a strong economic recovery after this point and South Korea eventually became the 11th largest economy in the world with a per capita income exceeding $10,000 per year and more than 70% of its population claiming to be middle class.
Despite ongoing pressure from North Korea, President Park Chung Hee formulated a 5-year plan to boost the South Korea economy with several goals:
While this 5-year plan did not bring about an immediately self-reliant economy, there was a rapid period of growth out of this policy. The ambitious plan had simply looked for better policies in modernizing and preparing for long-term economic success. The government's efforts were designed to bring about policy reform.
Park's legacy and other factors.
At the root of the rapid expansion of the Korean national economy were several factors, some societal and others political. One acclaimed building block of the "Miracle on the Han" was the importance placed on education. Aided by traditional Confucian ideals which celebrated literacy and scholarship, the state established a public compulsory education system. This allowed Korean labor to become highly skilled while labor expenses remained relatively low.
Three other key factors (known as “The Iron Triangle”) for the country's regeneration were state strength, strong bureaucracy, and the Korean Chaebol businesses. Park’s government combined national and private economic interests in a way that manipulated nationalistic sentiments, allowing the government to push through economic policies. These policies were incorporated in several ways, including policy loans, which were utilized to stimulate the struggling economy. The implementation of the policies resulted in state-sponsored industrialization and commercial expansion.
The dominance of chaebol in the Korean economy.
Chaebol refers to corporate groups in South Korea, mainly run by families, that exercise monopolist or oligopolist control in product lines and industries. They can be compared with conglomerates of the United States and the Zaibatsu of Japan. Sometimes the Korean military itself is considered a chaebol. During the industrialization period of South Korea, President Park supported the rise of chaebol groups, facilitating the improvements of these groups for the benefit of economic growth. Inside the operations of chaebol groups, there are many branches that family members control and operate. Every Korean chaebol business was started by a family group and 70 percent of chaebol are still managed by family members, and in order for the power and standing of these groups to grow stronger, many chaebol form alliances through marriage, with examples including Samsung and Hyundai.
Many political affiliations are created within the chaebol. One-third of chaebol occupy high-ranking offices in three branches of the government. The chaebol, tired of new generals coming in and seizing their property or directing them to invest in favored industries, moved in the same direction as the middle class toward democratic elections and the rule of law. According to George Ogle, ten chaebol families managed 60 percent of the "Miracle on the Han". With the help of governmental help and associations, chaebols are still an enormous influence on the Korean economy, though they are also accused of inhibiting small businesses or independent entrepreneurship. The Kim Young Sam government (1993–98) attempted to assist small businesses by providing more loan money but this did not deter the chaebols from continuing to expand. In 1992, Korea was rated 100 out of 100 on wage rates and 100 on tax burden or lack thereof (with Spain the next highest at 71, and the United States third at 55). In other words, the Korean state still provides a relative capitalist heaven for their big business groups (Cumings, 330-331).
Mechanisms for economic growth.
When the junta of Park Chung Hee came into power it had the advantage of seeing trends in the previous presidential terms. Not long before the junta had this authority the idea that the economic practice of import substitution was unable to help the economy was widely recognized. A lack of free trade enabled corrupt leaders of Syngman Rhee's administration to become rich. For this reason, action was required to stop corruption.
Having known about some sizable firms with growing markets, the government shifted focus from a self-sufficient economy toward the exportation of goods for the influx of foreign capital. That way, there would be enough capital in circulation. Civilians cooperated by investing in the markets and the business employers did their part making sure employees were loyal, improving labor cost savings. This continued to be the case even when the consequences of marginal utility seemed to be looming because of the overproduction of goods.
Another motivating factor in the industrial sector was the influence of a series of “policy loans” that were closely associated with negative interest rates. With the government backing heavy industries, electronics and steel industries flourished. Another benefit of industries promoted by the government was the freedom for leaders in the industrial sector to spend money without feeling constrained by a budget due to the government’s commitment to keep the business running. Therefore, the government expected positive results when they pressured businesses workers to perform well. Money subsequently came pouring into the economy as people became confident in investing in successful heavy industries whose rewards they were enjoying.
Economic problems.
By the end of 1996, South Korea had established itself as the eleventh largest economy in the world after being in economic shambles at the end of the war. However, systemic problems remained with its political and financial systems. Earlier, whenever problems arose that hindered economic development, the junta harassed the wealthy for funding. The junta also gathered a group of high earners, who had attained their wealth due to their corrupt relations with Syngman Rhee. These people were known as the "illicit profiteers".
Financial troubles mounted as Korea received short term relief from the United States when Treasury Secretary Rubin and other senior officials agreed to a 57 billion dollar bailout package in exchange for drastic restructuring of Korea's markets. As the country came under pressure to restructure the financial sector and make it more transparent, market oriented, and better supervised, its firms were obliged to restructure in a way that would allow international organizations to audit them. Around December 1997, President Kim Young Sam had announced that South Korea had gained recognition for its economy by joining the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development, consisting of top industrial nations. President Kim then created a new labor law which retained the Korean Federation of Trade Unions, a large, state-controlled trade union, as the only officially approved labor organization for five more years, leaving the independent Korean Confederation of Trade Unions out in the cold. This new law undercut workers' interests.
The IMF Crisis.
In 1997, the "miracle" on the Han River temporarily ended. South Korea again encountered an economic disaster in the form of the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis. Korea's reserves were severely limited with a total of only $6 billion remaining. The majority of this money was allocated for spending in the upcoming term. Kim Yong-sam, the first nonmilitary person to become president in thirty years, failed to protect the economy. President Kim Dae-jung (1998-2003) took office after Kim Yong-sam with considerable damage to repair. Kim was openly opposed to the chaebol and the current system of finance and government, and with the efforts of the citizens, a new president, and 58 billion dollars put together by the International Monetary Fund, the country paid its debts and surmounted the problem. Through such actions South Korea's financial crisis was severe but relatively brief compared to other countries who experienced similar situations.
In 1999, the G20 was established out of a group of twenty finance ministers and central bank governors and 19 countries. This group was formed to bring together established industrial and emerging-market countries from all regions of the world. South Korea acceded to the G20 in November 2010, capping a successful sixty-some years of rebuilding and modernization.
Challenges to the term "Miracle on the Han".
The time between the years 1961-1996 was a period of economic boom for South Korea which few would have predicted before about 1960 (Cumings, 300). South Korea's leap from the destruction of the Korean War to become the eleventh largest economy in the world did not happen by supernatural might: "Koreans in the South have worked their fingers to the bone to create the industrial country that we now see” (Cumings, 341). The "Korean military... had swelled from 100,000 in 1950 to well over 600,000 by 1953" (Cumings, 302). In addition, the term "miracle" has been invoked for nationalistic purposes against Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2865543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865543" title="Ellegarden">
Ellegarden

Ellegarden (stylized as ELLEGARDEN) was a Japanese punk rock band formed in December 1998 in Chiba. Ellegarden consisted of drummer Hirotaka Takahashi, vocalist/guitarist Takeshi Hosomi, guitarist Shinichi Ubukata, and bassist Yuichi Takada. In 2008, Ellegarden announced their indefinite hiatus.
Background.
The English lyrics of the band's songs, which are mostly written by Hosomi, are usually grammatically sound and well pronounced. In the Summer 2006 issue of the American Japanese rock magazine "Purple Sky", Hosomi accredited this to the time he spent working as a computer engineer in Oakland, California and later in Japan, where he had English-speaking co-workers.
History.
Ellegarden generated a tight, punchy but muscular sound reminiscent of North American bands such as Blink-182, Sum 41 and Good Charlotte, while also displaying the influence of Hosomi's favorites, Weezer. In the fall of 2001, Ellegarden signed with the Japanese Dynamord label, and released their first EP, Bare Foot, with a full-length album, Don't Trust Anyone But Us, following in the spring of 2002. The album was a hit, and Ellegarden followed with a new LP every year; 2006's Eleven Fire Crackers also became their first North American release when it was issued by Nettwerk in the summer of 2007. Accustomed to playing major shows in Japan, where they've shared stages with the Foo Fighters and Sum 41, Ellegarden made their American live debut in 2006 with a seven-city tour which included a stop at the South by Southwest Music Conference, where they played a well-received showcase set, with the enthusiastic audience demanding an encore that stretched their performance from five to eight songs. 
In 2006, Ellegarden performed in numerous Japanese Summer Music Festivals, such as Fuji Rock, Summer Sonic, Nano Mugen Festival and Rising Sun Rock Festival. Their final tour of the year featured the American band Allister, who they became acquainted with during SXSW 2006. In addition, they supported Foo Fighters in their concert at Osaka Castle Hall.
On May 2, 2008, it was announced that the band would be going on hiatus when the following message was posted on the band's official website:
"Ellegarden has been in the process of creating a new album since last year, however, during the band’s activities, there arose a difference in opinion regarding the motivation for creating a new album. We no longer feel we are able to create an album that we would be satisfied with, and after much discussion we arrived at the conclusion to end the creation of the album and suspend the band’s activities indefinitely. All previously decided shows (including shows not yet announced) up until early September 2008 will still be performed.We want to thank everyone who has supported Ellegarden from the bottom of our hearts. In order to once again create new music as Ellegarden, each of us wants to work on our own personal growth and development. Thank you for everything." -Ellegarden leader, Shinichi Ubukata"
Following the recording hiatus announcement, the band has continued to perform live and recently announced a greatest hits album entitled "Ellegarden Best (1999-2008)". The album consists of 21 songs and was released on July 2, 2008. After appearances at several high-profile festivals (including Rock in Japan, Sky Jamboree, Nano Mugen Fes, and Treasure 05x: The Greatest Riot Returns), the band performed four one-man shows in early September to give its fans a send-off before the hiatus; two performances at Zepp Osaka followed by two performances at Shinkiba Studio Coast in Tokyo.
Tours.
"Dates shown are announcement dates"

</doc>
<doc id="2865547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865547" title="John Hensley">
John Hensley

John Carter Hensley II (born August 26, 1977) is an American actor. His film appearances have included "Peoples", "Fifty Pills", "Teeth", and "Shutter".

</doc>
<doc id="2865549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865549" title="Robert D. Bailey, Sr.">
Robert D. Bailey, Sr.

Robert D. Bailey, Sr. (July 26, 1883 – 1963), better known as R.D. Bailey or "Judge Bailey," was a Democratic politician in West Virginia. 
Bailey was a lawyer who represented timber and railroad companies before he was elected judge - then a part-time position. He presided over the trials of the coal miners involved in the "Matewan Massacre," the events of which are depicted in the movie "Matewan". His diaries and notes formed the basis for the movie script.
In 1944 and 1952, he ran for governor but lost the primary election on both occasions. He died in 1963.
The R.D. Bailey Lake is named for him.
His son, Robert D. Bailey, Jr., served as Secretary of State of West Virginia from 1965 to 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="2865554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865554" title="Jarcrew">
Jarcrew

Jarcrew was a five-piece progressive rock band from Ammanford, Wales. They were a relatively well known underground band (Jarcrew never enjoyed mainstream success) for approximately five years between 2000 and their early 2005 split. They played a bizarre mixture of electronica/house and prog-rock/punk/funk that baffled audiences up and down the UK (despite their somewhat unapproachable commercial nature they were offered some very lucrative support slots, including an elusive support for Scots rockers Biffy Clyro). Since disbanding, several Jarcrew off-shoots have emerged, most notably Future of the Left, a band that contained Jarcrew frontman Kelson alongside ex-mclusky members Andrew Falkous and Jack Egglestone.
Starting in a Welsh mining town, Jarcrew qualified for assistance under the Community Music Wales scheme (a system established to assist bands coming out of the Welsh valleys, be it with monetary support or the release of a record to start a band off on the right track). In 2001 they released their first single, "Paris and The New Math" on Complete Control Music (Community Music Wales' record label, the same label that was responsible for the very first People in Planes release back when they were known as Robots In The Sky) soon followed by the band's debut album Breakdance Euphoria Kids (a line from track 8 of Breakdance Euphoria Kids, "Money Shot") and the single "Capobaby". The album wound up in the hands of Gut Records who offered to remaster the recording (as it was deemed too acerbic and not radio friendly enough for general release). Only half the album was eventually remixed, with the original recordings being used for the rest of the album and single. The band agreed to this and with that, they were signed to a national label and were touring up and down the country, as well as providing radio sessions to the likes of BBC and XFM in London (the latter of which can still be found on the XFM website).
19 December 2004 saw the band's final show (with support from long-time friends People in Planes in a small venue in Cardiff) and early 2005 saw the promise of a new album, which the band assured the world was completely written and ready to be recorded (which was evident from the amount of unfamiliar material the band threw into their set from as early as 2003, shortly after their first - and last - album was remixed and re-released by Gut Records). Hot on the heels of this news came the news that Jarcrew had disbanded. No official reason was cited but it is now common knowledge amongst Jarcrew aficionados that the band split due to Rhod Thomas becoming a full-fledged Jehovah's Witness.
While rumours of a forthcoming reformation persisted, Kelson (along with final Jarcrew bassist Hywel "Ricardo" Evans - see Band members) most notably assumed the bass duties in Future of the Left with former mclusky members Andrew 'Falco' Falkous and Jack Egglestone. Mathias vacated the position in 2010 [http://www.tinymixtapes.com/news/kelson-mathias-quits-future-left-apparently-isnt-too-difficult-replace] and assumed the bass duties in Hywel "Ricardo" Evans' group, Truckers Of Husk (along with two additional former Jarcrew members, Rich Williams and Rhod Thomas). At a 2012 Truckers Of Husk show in Cardiff's Clwb Ifor Bach, the one missing Jarcrew member (Tom Clark) joined the group onstage for a brief, unpublicised reunion (ending the show with two Jarcrew mainstays, Paris & The New Math and Sad French Death Metal). This was the first time Jarcrew have performed publicly in over seven years.
Band members.
At their commercial peak around about 2003, the band consisted of:
However, in 2004 the band saw fit to part ways with Milner - not long before an impending tour (Williams and Clark split the bass duties and sometimes left the bass out completely). In the few shows the band did towards the end of their career, session musicians and bassists from other bands were employed. A man introduced as "Ricardo" - who, according to Kelson, did not speak a word of English but was "fluent in the language of rock" - was the band's bassist for their appearance at the 2004 Compass Point Festival in Cardiff (this later turned out to be Hywel Evans, who would remain Jarcrew's bass player up until their split in 2005, and later went on to form an instrumental rock band called Truckers Of Husk - he was also credited as a songwriter on an early Future of the Left track, entitled "The Fibre Provider"). The band claim the split with Milner was amicable, but this is thought to be a press-friendly explanation; Milner claims he was ejected against his will (he did so publicly via the medium of several well-read e-zines, such as Jarcrew champions Drowned In Sound).
Discography.
The band also featured on a number of compilations, including the Fierce Panda Records compilation "The Squirrel EP", which was released on CD and a set of 7" vinyl records. Also featured were fellow Welshmen Funeral for a Friend, politically fuelled (and, now, also defunct) punk-rockers Million Dead, The Copperpot Journals, Engerica and thisGIRL.

</doc>
<doc id="2865555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865555" title="Asamushi-Onsen Station">
Asamushi-Onsen Station

History.
Asamushi-Onsen Station was opened on September 1, 1891 as on the Nippon Railway. It became a station on the Tōhoku Main Line of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), the pre-war predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR), after the nationalization of the Nippon Railway on November 1, 1906. Regularly scheduled freight services were discontinued in February 1962. The station was renamed to its present name on November 1, 1986. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of East Japan Railway Company (JR East). From April 1, 2005 the station had been operated by Jaster Co., Ltd., with ticketing window for ordinary tickets, express tickets, and reserved-seat tickets for all JR lines.
The section of the Tōhoku Main Line including this station was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010.
Station layout.
Asamushi-Onsen Station has an island platform and a side platform serving three tracks, connected the station building by an overpass. However, only tracks 1 and 3 are in use, and the rails for track 2 are used only as a siding, giving the station an effective structure of two opposed side platforms. The station building is attended.

</doc>
<doc id="2865559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865559" title="Bob Mackie">
Bob Mackie

Robert Gordon "Bob" Mackie (born March 24, 1940) is an American fashion designer, best known for his costuming for entertainment icons such as Carol Burnett, Cher, Barbara Eden, Bette Midler, Diana Ross, Judy Garland, Liza Minnelli, Tina Turner, Joan Rivers and Mitzi Gaynor. He was the costume designer for Carol Burnett on "The Carol Burnett Show" during its entire 11 year run and designed the costumes for its spinoff, "Mama's Family", and for the 1993 television adaptation of "Gypsy".
Professional career.
Mackie began his career as a sketch artist for legendary French haute couturier, Jean Louis, who is, perhaps, best known for crafting stage gowns worn by screen legend Marlene Dietrich during her career as a cabaret singer. Mackie and future life partner Ray Aghayan worked with legendary costumer Edith Head in 1961 while working as a novice designer at Paramount Studios. In 1969, Mackie was hired to design costumes for Diana Ross & The Supremes & The Temptations' second television special, "GIT:On Broadway". In 1972, he and Aghayan were nominated for Best Costume Design Academy Awards for the costumes for the feature film, "Lady Sings The Blues", starring Diana Ross. Mackie and Ross continued their collaborative efforts well into the 21st Century, with Mackie designing stage costumes for Ross' 2010 "More Today Than Yesterday" tour.
Mackie designed costumes for the Las Vegas Strip-based burlesque shows, "Hallelujah Hollywood", which was inspired by the Ziegfeld Follies and ran at the MGM Grand (now Bally's Las Vegas) from 1974 to 1980, and "Jubilee!", which has been running since 1981. Both productions involve intricate, elaborate costumes and grandiose sets. Images of many of Mackie’s design drawings for these productions are available in the Showgirls collection from UNLV Libraries Digital Collections.
Two of Mackie's best-remembered creations had a humorous aspect. While working on "The Carol Burnett Show", he designed a "curtain dress" (complete with a curtain rod across the shoulders) that Carol Burnett wore in the "Gone with the Wind" parody: "Went with the Wind". Mackie also designed the garish ensemble worn by Cher at the March 1986 Academy Awards: black stretch pants, a bejeweled loincloth, knee high boots, a black chainlink top, and a huge feathered Mohawk headdress that was one and a half times taller than her head. Introduced by Jane Fonda with the words, "Wait'll you see what's gonna come out here," Cher was appearing as a presenter after what many considered an Oscar snub (Cher was not nominated for her performance in "Mask"). "As you can see," said Cher, "I did receive my Academy booklet on how to dress like a serious actress."
Mackie is also known for having designed costumes for Whitney Houston, especially splashy evening gowns which she wore for many years during concert tours and award shows and which became a significant element of her appearance.
Mackie is often called "the sultan of sequins," or "the rajah of rhinestones", known for his sparkling and imaginative costume designs He has won nine Emmy Awards for his designs, and was thrice nominated for an Academy Award.
Mackie has said, "A woman who wears my clothes is not afraid to be noticed."
Mackie is also known for his exclusive dress designs for collector's edition Barbie dolls.
In 2002, Mackie was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
He attended Pasadena City College and Chouinard Art Institute. On March 14, 1960, Mackie married LuLu Porter (née Marianne Wolford), a singer, actress, and later an acting teacher. She had given birth to the couple's only child, a son, Robert Gordon Mackie Jr. (aka Robin Mackie), the previous year. The couple divorced in 1963, and Robin Mackie, a makeup artist, died in 1994 of an AIDS-related illness.
Mackie's life partner was costume designer Ray Aghayan, whom Mackie had started working with as an assistant. The two worked together on projects at least through the 1970s, as well as having separate clients. In early 1993 he was over a million dollars in debt, which caused him to sell his $850,000 Beverly Hills mansion and Los Angeles studio.
Notable Mackie clothing wearers.
Some of the people who have worn Mackie's outfits include:

</doc>
<doc id="2865565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865565" title="Council of State (Cuba)">
Council of State (Cuba)

The Council of State () of Cuba is a 31-member body of the government of Cuba, elected by the National Assembly of People's Power. It has the authority to exercise most legislative power between sessions of the National Assembly of People’s Power, subject to its approval, and to call the National Assembly of People’s Power into session between its scheduled twice yearly sessions. The membership consists of a President, a Secretary, a First Vice President, five Vice Presidents, and 27 additional members. The President, the Secretary, the First Vice President, and the five Vice Presidents are also members of the Council of Ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="2865566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865566" title="Cycloid gear">
Cycloid gear

The cycloidal gear profile is a form of toothed gear used in mechanical clocks, rather than the involute form used for most other gears. The gear tooth profile is based on the epicycloid and hypocycloid curves, which are the curves generated by a circle rolling around the outside and inside of another circle, respectively. 
When two toothed gears mesh, an imaginary circle, the "pitch circle", can be drawn around the centre of either gear through the point where their teeth make contact. The curves of the teeth outside the pitch circle are known as the "addenda", and the curves of the tooth spaces inside the pitch circle are known as the "dedenda". An addendum of one gear rests inside a dedendum of the other gear.
In cycloidal gears, the addenda of the wheel teeth are convex epi-cycloidal and the dedenda of the pinion are concave hypocycloidal curves generated by the same generating circle. This ensures that the motion of one gear is transferred to the other at locally constant angular velocity.
Usually the pinion radius is made equal to the generating circle diameter since this gives radial dedenda, which are convenient to manufacture on a hobbing machine. 
There is some dispute over the invention of cycloidal gears. Those involved include Gérard Desargues, Philippe de La Hire, Ole Rømer, and Charles Étienne Louis Camus.

</doc>
<doc id="2865577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865577" title="PWscf">
PWscf

PWscf (Plane-Wave Self-Consistent Field) is a set of programs for electronic structure calculations within density functional theory and density functional perturbation theory, using plane wave basis sets and pseudopotentials. The software is released under the GNU General Public License.

</doc>
<doc id="2865581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865581" title="Shalimar Bagh, Srinagar">
Shalimar Bagh, Srinagar

Shalimar Bagh () is a Mughal garden linked through a channel to the northeast of Dal Lake, on its right bank located near Srinagar city in Jammu and Kashmir. Its other names are Shalamar Garden, Shalamar Bagh, Farah Baksh and Faiz Baksh, and the other famous shore line garden in the vicinity is Nishat Bagh. The Bagh was built by Mughal Emperor Jahangir for his wife Nur Jahan, in 1619. The Bagh is considered the high point of Mughal horticulture. It is now a public park.
History.
While the recent history and development of the Mughal types of gardens is credited to Emperor Jahangir, the ancient history of the garden can be traced to the 2nd century when it was built during the reign of Pravarsena II. Praversena II founded the city of Srinagar and ruled in Kashmir from 79 AD to 139 AD. He had built a cottage for his stay at the northeastern corner of the Dal Lake and had named it Shalimar (the meaning of the name remains unknown, Russian scholar Anna Suvorova in her book "Lahore: Topophilia of Space and Place" has asserted that it is certainly an Arabic or Persian name since a Muslim King would never use a Sanskrit name for a royal garden). The king, on his visits to a local saint by the name Sukarma Swami at Harwan, used to stop at this cottage. Over the years, the cottage fell into ruins and later could not be located. However, the name of the village remained as Shalimar.
It is here that Emperor Jahangir built his celebrated Shalimar Bagh, his dream project to please his queen. He enlarged the ancient garden in 1619 into a royal garden and called it 'Farah Baksh' ('the delightful'). He built it for his wife Nur Jahan ('light of the world'). In 1630, under Emperor Shah Jahan’s orders, Zafar Khan the governor of Kashmir got it extended. He named it ‘Faiz Baksh’ ('the bountiful'). It then became a pleasure place for the Pathan and Sikh governors who followed Zafar Khan.
During the rule of Maharaja Ranjit Singh the marble pavilion was the guest house for European visitors. Electrification of the premises was done during Maharaja Hari Singh’s rule. Thus, over the years, the garden was extended and improved by many rulers and called by different names, but the most popular name ‘Shalimar Bagh’ continues to this day.
During the Mughal period in particular, Emperor Jahangir and his wife Nur Jahan were so enamoured of Kashmir that during summer they moved to Srinagar with their full court entourage from Delhi at least 13 times. Shalimar Bagh was their imperial summer residence and the Royal Court. They crossed the arduous snowy passes of the Pir Panjal mountain range on elephants to reach Srinagar.
Layout.
The layout of the garden is an adaptation of another Islamic garden layout known as the Persian gardens. This garden built on a flat land on a square plan with four radiating arms from a central location as the water source. It needed to be modified to suit the hilly terrain and availability of a well, which could be diverted from a higher elevation to the planned gardens. Modifications involved the main channel running through the garden axially from top to the lowest point. This central channel, known as the Shah Nahar, is the main axis of the garden. It runs through three terraces. This layout left out the radial arms and the shape became rectangular, instead of a square plan of the Chahar Bagh.
The garden, as finally laid out, covers an area of built with a size of length on the main axis channel and with a total width of . The garden has three terraces fitted with fountains and with chinar (sycamore) tree-lined vistas. The Shahnahar is the main feeder channel to all the terraces. Each one of the three terraces has a specific role.
The garden was linked to the open Dal Lake water through a canal of about length and in width that ran through swampy quagmire. Willow groves and rice terraces fringed the lake edge. Broad green paths bordered the lake with rows of chinar trees. The garden was laid in trellised walkways lined by avenues of aspen trees planted at interval.
Architecture.
The architectural details of the three terraces of the garden are elaborate.
The first terrace is a public garden or the outer garden ending in the Diwan-e-Aam (public audience hall). In this hall, a small black marble throne was installed over the waterfall.
The second terrace garden along the axial canal, slightly broader, has two shallow terraces. The Diwan-fa-Khas (the Hall of Private Audience), which was accessible only to the noblemen or guests of the court, now derelict, is in its centre. However, the carved stone bases and a fine platform surrounded by fountains are still seen. The royal bathrooms are located on the north-west boundary of this enclosure. The fountain pools of the Diwan-i Khas, the Diwan-i-Aam, and in turn, the Zenana terrace ae supplied in succession. it has 410 fountains
In the third terrace, the axial water channel flows through the Zenana garden, which is flanked by the Diwan-i-Khas and chinar trees. At the entrance to this terrace, there are two small pavilions or guard rooms (built in Kashmir style on stone plinth) that is the restricted and controlled entry zone of the royal harem. Shahajahan built a baradari of black marble, called the Black Pavilion in the zenana garden. It is encircled by a fountain pool that receives its supply from a higher terrace. A double cascade falls against a low wall carved with small niches (chini khanas), behind the pavilion. Two smaller, secondary water canals lead from the Black Pavilion to a small baradari. Above the third level, two octagonal pavilions define the end wall of the garden. The baradari has a lovely backdrop of the snow mountains, which is considered a befitting setting for the Bagh.
The Shalimar Bagh is well known for "chini khanas", or arched niches, behind garden waterfalls. They are a unique feature in the Bagh. These niches were lighted at night with oil lamps, which gave a fairy tale appearance to the water falls. However, now the niches hold pots of flower pots that reflect their colours behind the cascading water.
Another unusual architectural feature mentioned is about the doors of the Baradari. In the garden complex, the Baradari had four exquisite doors made of stones supported by pillars. It is conjectured that these stone doors were ruins from old temples that were demolished by Shahajahan. The garden also provided large water troughs where a variety of fountains were fixed.
It has been aptly described by a chronicler glowingly: 
"A subtle air of leisure and repose, a romantic indefinable spell, pervades the royal Shalimar: this leafy garden of dim vistas, shallow terraces, smooth sheets of falling water, and wide canals, with calm reflections broken only by the stepping stones across the streams."
Even in later years, during Maharaja’s rule, the gardens were well maintained and continue to be so even now as it is one of the prominent visitor attractions around the Dal Lake.
The garden is considered to be very beautiful during the autumn and spring seasons due to the colour change in leaves of the famed Chinar trees.
The gardens were the inspiration for other gardens of the same name, notably the Shalimar Bagh, Delhi in Delhi (built in 1653, which now also has an upscale colony) and Shalimar Gardens in Lahore, Pakistan built by Emperor Shah Jahan in 1641.
The black pavilion built during the early part of Jahangir's reign (1569–1627), in the top terrace of the Shalimar Bagh, has the famous inscription in Persian, which says:
"Agar Firdaus bar rōy-e zamin ast, hamin ast-o hamin ast-o hamin ast".
This is a couplet by the Persian poet Amir Khusrau, which is inscribed on many other buildings also in India and Pakistan.
Translated to English, it means.
It is also mentioned that when Jahangir was asked on his death bed about his cherished desire he is credited to have said:
See also.
 
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="2865593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865593" title="William Ackerman">
William Ackerman

William Ackerman (born 1949) is an American guitarist and composer of acoustic-based instrumental music. He founded and ran for many years the influential New Age record label Windham Hill Records.
Career.
William Ackerman was born in West Germany but was adopted by a couple who lived in Palo Alto, California. A self-professed poet and musician who briefly studied guitar with Robbie Basho, Ackerman grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area. He attended the Northfield Mount Hermon School and Stanford University. Before finishing his studies at Stanford, Ackerman dropped out to become a carpenter. Ackerman had composed some pieces of music for a performance of "Romeo and Juliet" at Stanford. In 1975, without having played a "paying gig" "(a) group of friends and informal fans got together and collected about $300 in five dollar bills to send me into a recording studio. I picked a studio out of the phone book named Mantra Studios (it was the 70s after all!). I walked into that room and made a record I called "The Search for the Turtle's Navel" in two afternoons." (William Ackerman, liner notes for "Returning", 2005).
Initially William Ackerman kept up his job as a builder but recording music took up more of his time until he was working on music full-time. Ackerman ran his music label Windham Hill Records for years. He did just about everything from picking cover art to producing the records. Early albums featured himself ("It Takes a Year") and his cousin, fellow guitarist Alex de Grassi "Turning: Turning Back" (1978). Although in later years critics would single out Ackerman's records (especially "Childhood and Memory") and De Grassi's first record, the album that gained Windham Hill Records notice was the 1980 recording by George Winston "Autumn". This record was well reviewed in "Rolling Stone" magazine and, as a result of this national exposure the record began selling in large numbers. For many years it was the best selling album in the Windham Hill Catalog. 
Ackerman found that life as a record label executive was, in his own words, "making him crazy." His marriage ended in divorce and he eventually moved out of the Bay Area and across the country back to his old residence near Brattleboro, Vermont in Windham County. In 1992 he sold half of his stake in Windham Hill Records to BMG and stopped recording and producing. Life in Vermont away from the record business proved enjoyable and so Ackerman sold the remainder of his stake in Windham Hill Records in 1996. He currently lives in Brattleboro and produces music from his nearby studio Imaginary Road.
William Ackerman's musical influences are Erik Satie, John Fahey, Robbie Basho, and Leo Kottke. William Ackerman has told an anecdote about his musical debt to John Fahey. One of his early pieces of music sounded a great deal like a Fahey composition titled "The Last Steam Engine Train" and so he visited Fahey, asked him if he thought the music was too similar, and played him the tune. Fahey said "You can have it!". The tune in question is "The Rediscovery of Big Bug Creek, Arizona", from "It Takes a Year".
On guitar tunings, William Ackerman has said that none of his songs use the standard guitar tuning. For example, his song "Processional" has the D string tuned up to an E, and the high E string tuned down to a C with a capo on the 5th fret. He also says that only two songs share the same tuning (at least as of 2000). Ackerman's love of non-standard tunings (coupled with the use of a capo) allows him to play melodies where many of the notes can be played without fretting them allowing the strings to "ring free". He shared his love of non-standard tunings with Michael Hedges. 
Since selling his share of Windham Hill, Ackerman has released four new albums, "Sound of Wind Driven Rain"' 1998, "Hearing Voices" 2001 (both were nominated for a Grammy), an album re-working some great signature songs - "Returning" 2004 (which won a Grammy award), and "PURE" 2006, again with some previous materials, but with some new work as well. 
In addition to discovering George Winston, William Ackerman's other great discovery was Michael Hedges. Ackerman has often told the story of how he heard Hedges performing in a Palo Alto cafe and immediately wrote a recording contract for him on a paper napkin. Hedges and Ackerman performed concerts together for several years in the early 1980s and played together on one of William Ackerman's albums. Some other notable artists he produced include Liz Story and Shadowfax. He has recorded many artists in his personal recording studio, Imaginary Road Studios in Vermont. An airlock door at the studios bears the names of at least 84 artists who have recorded in the studio, including Michael Manring, Philip Aaberg, Tom "T-Bone" Wolk, Michael Hedges, Preston Reed, Eugene Friesen, Happy Rhodes, Isadar, Liz Story, Samite, Tom Bodett, Jeff Pearce, Jeff Oster, Shambhu, Dana Cunningham, Zade Dirani, Martin Sexton, Karen Hesse, Todd Boston, and Kathryn Kaye.
Ackerman was also a judge for the 4th annual Independent Music Awards to support independent artists' careers.
Of late, William Ackerman focuses on producing other musicians and performing in a select few concerts. On June 1 and 2, 2007, at Bruce Willis's theater, The Liberty Theatre in Hailey, Idaho, Ackerman joined Jeff Pearce, Jeff Oster and Patrick Gorman for debut concerts showcasing some of the wide variety of musical styles he works with.

</doc>
<doc id="2865597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865597" title="Imanuentius">
Imanuentius

Imanuentius is named in some manuscripts of Julius Caesar's "De Bello Gallico" as a king of the Trinovantes, the leading nation of south-eastern Britain at that time, who ruled before Caesar's second expedition to the island in 54 BC. Variant spellings include Inianuvetitius, Inianuvetutus and Imannuetitius. In other manuscripts this king's name is not given.
Imanuentius was killed by the warlord Cassivellaunus, and his son Mandubracius fled to the protection of Caesar in Gaul. Cassivellaunus then led the British defence against the Romans, but the Trinovantes betrayed the location of his fortress to Caesar, who proceeded to besiege him there. As part of the terms of Cassivellaunus's surrender, Mandubracius was installed as king of the Trinovantes, and Cassivellaunus undertook not to make war against him.
John Koch suggests that the original form of Imanuentius's name may have been *"Mannuētios". He also suggests that the Welsh mythological figure Manawydan may derive from an earlier *"Mannuētiagnos", "son of Mannuetios".

</doc>
<doc id="2865606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865606" title="BEC Recordings">
BEC Recordings

BEC (Brandon Ebel Company) Recordings is a Christian rock record label that is an imprint of Tooth & Nail Records. The label was formed in 1997 in partnership with the EMI Christian Music Group.
The label is home to many bands that, while falling under the Christian rock/Contemporary umbrella, that also have a more adult sound to the music, as opposed to Tooth & Nail Records or its other subsidiaries Solid State Records and Uprok Records, which tend to be more focused on more of a mainstream Alternative rock sound. BEC's major artists have included Kutless, KJ-52, Jeremy Camp, and Hawk Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="2865613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865613" title="Kominato Station">
Kominato Station

History.
Kominato Station was opened on September 1, 1891 as a station on the Nippon Railway. It became a station on the Tōhoku Main Line of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), the pre-war predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR), after the nationalization of the Nippon Railway on November 1, 1906. Regularly scheduled freight services were discontinued in February 1962. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the operational control of East Japan Railway Company (JR East). From April 1, 2004 it had been operated by Jaster Co., Ltd., with ticketing window for ordinary tickets, express tickets, and reserved-seat tickets for all JR lines.
The section of the Tōhoku Main Line including this station was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010.
Station layout.
Kominato Station has an island platform and a side platform serving three tracks, connected the station building by an overpass. However, only tracks 1 and 3 are in use, and the rails for track 2 are used only as a siding, giving the station an effective structure of two opposed side platforms. The station building is attended, and has a Green Window service counter.

</doc>
<doc id="2865617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865617" title="Albert Davy">
Albert Davy

Albert Ernest Davy (17 August 1886 – 13 June 1959) was a New Zealand political organiser and campaign manager; and at the height of his career, was regarded by some as the best in the country. He was a strong opponent of socialism, and spent most of his life fighting what he saw as socialist tendencies in New Zealand politics.
Early life.
Davy was born in Wellington, where his father was a police officer. His family moved around the country considerably during Davy's youth, eventually coming to live in Gisborne. Davy held a number of jobs there, including bootmaker, draper, and hairdresser. He married Florence Maude Sawyer, a milliner, in 1908. He was to have two sons. He was active in the New Zealand Auto Cycle Union and the New Zealand Athletic and Cycling Union, holding a number of prominent organisational roles.
Reform Party.
Davy's first major political activity came as part of Douglas Lysnar's successful campaign for the Gisborne seat in the 1919 election. In 1923, Davy was offered an organisational position in the Reform Party, to which Lynsar belonged. He was largely responsible for Reform's strategy in the 1925 election, focusing strongly on the party's leader, Gordon Coates. This was unusual in New Zealand politics, where the focus tended to be on local candidates. Also unusual was the degree of central control — party headquarters provided each candidate with instructions and guidance, rather than simply allowing them to run their own campaigns. While this is now the norm in New Zealand politics, it was rare at the time.
The elections were a major victory for Reform, and Davy gained much of the credit. He quickly developed a reputation as the country's top political organiser. Soon, however, rifts began to emerge between Davy and the Reform Party. As the country's economic situation worsened, the Reform Party began to adopt more radical measures to address the problem — Davy condemned the measures as "socialistic". He also made enemies by allegedly blocking Ellen Melville, who sought the Reform Party candidacy for an Auckland by-election — when Melville lost, she contested the seat as an independent, and split the vote. In late 1926, Davy left the Reform Party, possibly under pressure. He denounced its leadership as "autocratic".
United Party.
In the middle of 1927, Davy was contacted by John William Shaw McArthur, an Auckland businessman who shared Davy's view of the government. With financial backing from McArthur, Davy began to lay the foundations of a new political party, eventually dubbed the United New Zealand Political Organisation. He was assisted by the fact that he still retained membership and contact lists from the Reform Party, enabling him to draw away Reform supporters who were sympathetic to his cause. In November, Davy's organisation merged with two factions of the collapsing Liberal Party, led by George Forbes and Bill Veitch — the new organisation was named the United Party. When a leadership clash between Forbes and Veitch loomed, Davy arranged for Joseph Ward, a former Liberal premier, to take the position as a compromise candidate.
In the 1925 election, Davy ran a strong campaign for the United Party. The party performed well, managing to win the same number of seats as the Reform Party. However, neither United nor Reform had enough strength to govern alone — the Labour Party held the balance of power. United managed to secure Labour's support, and formed a government, but Davy was displeased at this development — far from fighting the left-wingers, United was now dependent on their support, and was implementing many of the same policies that had caused Davy to quit Reform. Davy came to believe that as long as United and Reform remained enemies, the left would hold the balance of power, and would therefore be able to dictate terms. As such, Davy began to advocate an "anti-socialist" grand coalition between United and Reform, hoping to shut the left out altogether. In early 1930, Davy publicly attacked Ward, accusing him of authoritarianism and of caving in to Labour's demands too readily. Shortly afterwards, he was dismissed from the party.
Reform Party again.
Later in 1930, Davy rejoined the Reform Party, believing that United had become corrupted by its alliance with Labour. Shortly afterwards, the agreement between United and Labour collapsed, and United and Reform agreed to the grand coalition that Davy had proposed. Despite the new alliance, however, the government did not significantly back away from its existing approach to the country's economic problems. As such, Davy was still not fully behind the government, and he gave assistance to John Ormond, an independent candidate who wished to "reform the Reform Party". However, Davy did not follow Ormond and his allies when later broke from the Reform Party, founding an organisation would evolve into the New Zealand Legion.
Other parties.
In 1934, Davy was approached by another Auckland businessman, William Goodfellow. Goodfellow agreed to finance another new party, dedicated to opposing the government's "socialism". The group was named the Democrat Party, and Thomas Hislop, a former Mayor of Wellington, was recruited to be its political leader. Goodfellow later withdrew from the party, saying the Davy's goals were unrealistic and that resources were being spread too finely, but Davy pressed on. In the 1935 election, however, the Democrats failed to win any seats. According to some, the party merely succeeded in splitting the right-wing vote, assisting the Labour Party in its landslide victory.
Davy then briefly left politics, working as a sharebroker and newspaper manager. In 1940, he returned to politics, joining the People's Movement. The following year, part of the People's Movement merged into the National Party (the ultimate conclusion of the United-Reform coalition), and Davy established his own Co-operative Party, but he soon abandoned this and returned to the remnants of the Movement.
Later life.
Finally giving up on politics, Davy returned to business. He also served on the Trade Practices and Prices Commission. He died in Wellington on 13 June 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="2865619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865619" title="SIESTA (computer program)">
SIESTA (computer program)

SIESTA (Spanish Initiative for Electronic Simulations with Thousands of Atoms) is an original method and a software implementation for performing electronic structure calculations and ab initio molecular dynamics simulations of molecules and solids.
It uses a density functional theory code that predicts the physical properties of a collection of atoms.
Properties that can be predicted using the code include Kohn–Sham band-structures, electron density, and Mulliken populations.

</doc>
<doc id="2865636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865636" title="Crazy (Simple Plan song)">
Crazy (Simple Plan song)

"Crazy" is a song recorded by Canadian group Simple Plan. It was released in October 2005 as the fourth single from their second studio album, "Still Not Getting Any...". The video of the single starts out in black and white. As it reaches the end, it slowly changes to color, symbolizing that no matter how grim life is, it "will" get better.
Music video.
The video deals with many social problems in modern society. It starts with self image issues by showing a woman who seems to want to have plastic surgery. Then, it shows depression and self-harm with a scarred female teenager writing hateful messages in her journal. With the lines "parents act like it's world war three" there is a shot of a teenage girl sitting on her bed, presumably the child or the fighting parents. It then shows a group of people with obesity problems on a beach sitting. There are a few scenes of a child pretending to shoot a screen and being shot himself, presumably about the amount of violence in media and the desensitization to it. With the words "rich guys driving big SUVs" there is a scene of an older, well dressed couple laughing and drinking together; Immediately after there is a shot of an older homeless man, showing the wealth disparity in society. Other groups shown in the video include veterans, the elderly, and people of colour. The video starts in black and white, but progressively changes to color throughout the video.
Charts performance.
"Crazy" was not able to make it to the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The video, however, received acclaim on MTV. It peaked at the #1 position on TRL. The song also became another top 5 hit in Canada, peaking at the #4 position. This song is also one of the more serious songs on their CD, Still Not Getting Any..., talking about today's society and its issues and problems.

</doc>
<doc id="2865646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865646" title="2004–05 in Argentine football">
2004–05 in Argentine football

The 2004-05 Argentine First Division season saw Américo Gallego's Newell's Old Boys win the Apertura title after a fierce battle against Vélez Sársfield for the supremacy. Vélez soon got over the disappointment after winning the Clausura with Banfield finishing second despite playing most of the tournament with a young squad because they were also competing the Copa Libertadores de América.
Huracán de Tres Arroyos and Almagro were relegated to the Nacional B after lackluster performance while Argentinos Juniors and Instituto played the promotion against Atlético de Rafaela and Huracán, respectively. Both won their series and were able to stay in the top category of the Argentine Football.
Torneo Clausura (""Closing"" Tournament).
Relegation.
"Promoción" playoff.
Argentinos Juniors wins 4-2 and remains in the Argentine First Division
<br>
Instituto wins 3-1 and remains in the Argentine First Division
National team.
This section covers Argentina's games from August 1, 2004 to July 31, 2005.
For the Olympic Games results, please see here. Those results are not tallied here because the team is made of Under–23 players, not the full squad.

</doc>
<doc id="2865654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865654" title="1824 in art">
1824 in art


</doc>
<doc id="2865659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865659" title="List of ChuckleVision episodes">
List of ChuckleVision episodes

"ChuckleVision" is a British television entertainment programme.
Series 1 (1987).
This series is available on DVD.
The first four episodes are available on YouTube and there are also short clips.
Series 2 (1988–1989).
This series is available on DVD.
Series 12 (1999–2000).
All these episodes were originally 20 minutes long. In 2004 the BBC cut them down to 15 minutes. The original Series 12 (1999–2000) is very rarely broadcast.
Series 13 (2000–2001).
^This episode is the only silent ChuckleVision episode in the entire series.<br>
All episodes of series 13 were originally 20 minutes long but in 2004 the BBC cut them down to 15 minutes to suit their schedule.
Series 14 (2002).
All these episodes are with the ruby snatcher. This was the only series where all the episodes are linked together, following the tale of a missing ruby throughout.
Series 15 (2002–2003).
2002 Christmas Specials
The Series
Series 20 (2008).
Christmas Special (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="2865660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865660" title="Birkenhead Park railway station">
Birkenhead Park railway station

Birkenhead Park railway station is situated in Birkenhead, Wirral, England. It lies on the Wirral Line west of Liverpool Lime Street on the Merseyrail network.
History.
The name of the station comes from nearby Birkenhead Park, an early municipal park which was the model for Central Park, New York City.
The station was opened on 2 January 1888, as a joint station between the Seacombe, Hoylake and Deeside Railway and the Mersey Railway. It replaced the Wirral Railway's original terminus at Wallasey Bridge Road (close to the present-day Birkenhead North station), becoming an interchange between their line to West Kirby and the Mersey Railway's new line to central Liverpool. On the same day, the Wirral Railway's new line to Wallasey Grove Road opened, which was extended to New Brighton later that year.
From its opening the station had two island platforms, to facilitate across-platform transfer between the Mersey Railway and the Wirral Railway. The northern pair of tracks were used exclusively by Mersey Railway trains. The centre and southern pairs of tracks were available to the Wirral Railway. 
Mersey Railway electrification.
On 3 May 1903, the Mersey Railway to Liverpool was changed over from steam to electric trains, with a 650v DC fourth rail system and Mersey Railway electric units built by Westinghouse.
There was also a small Mersey Railway electric car shed at the eastern end of the station, one the northern side of the line, which held two 6-car trains. This was built on the level, with the tracks towards the tunnel to Liverpool dropping steeply alongside. The car shed was removed in the 1970s.
Fatal accident.
On 6 December 1922 an accident occurred at the station, at around 4pm, between two trains of the Wirral Railway. The train heading to West Kirby, which was late, was leaving the station and collided with a train from West Kirby. There was one fatality and eight other passengers sustained serious injuries, with a further 36 people suffering from shock. This was the only fatal passenger accident to occur on the Wirral Railway.
LMS electrification.
Between 1936 and 1938, the lines from Birkenhead Park to West Kirby and New Brighton were modified and electrified using a 650v DC third rail system, by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, and to facilitate through operation to Liverpool Central. The LMS electric trains were brought into passenger service on 14 March 1938. The need to change at Birkenhead Park was removed. It was normal for the new LMS trains to operate the Liverpool to West Kirby route, and the older Mersey Railway trains to operate the Liverpool to New Brighton route.
From the 1938 electrification of the Wirral lines, and the integration of both services, the additional facilities beyond a simple two-track through station became unnecessary. Despite which, the layout retained all four platforms, two in each direction, until the 1970s.
World War II bombing.
The station building is not the original. The first station building was destroyed when two land mines fell on the night of 12-13 March 1941, during the Second World War. After the bombing, through services were restored in five days and the station was reopened to passengers after eleven days.
Post War.
The outer platform faces were hardly used, apart from a handful of trains which were stored outside of peak hours in the sidings which remained at all four corners of the station, and outside the island platforms. In the 1970s, there were a number of rationalisations to the layout. At one stage, through trains used the outer tracks of the station, while a bay platform was fashioned between these to allow a proposed Liverpool to Birkenhead Park extra peak hour shuttle service, which in the event was never started. The layout was then simplified again to the current one, retaining the former southern island platform with just a through road either side, with the former northern platform demolished and now heavily overgrown.
Facilities.
The station is staffed, during all opening hours, and has platform CCTV. The island platform has a waiting shelter. There is a payphone, booking office and live departure and arrival screens, for passenger information. Being easy for pedestrian access, the station doesn't have a car park. Wheelchair and pram access to the platform is possible, and also relatively easy, via the ramp-staircase. Though, as yet, platform access has not been modernised to the standard of that at Hooton.
Facilities nearby include a convenience store, post office, and several fast food restaurants. Bus services run along the road, outside the station, and along Park Road (100m towards the park).
Services.
Trains operate every 15 minutes (Monday to Saturday daytime) to New Brighton and West Kirby and every 5–10 minutes via Hamilton Square and the Mersey Railway Tunnel to Liverpool. At other times, trains run every 30 minutes to New Brighton and West Kirby, and every 15 minutes to Liverpool. These services are all provided by Merseyrail's fleet of Class 507 and Class 508 EMUs.

</doc>
<doc id="2865661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865661" title="Derbforgaill">
Derbforgaill

Dearbhfhorghaill (older spelling: Derbforgaill) (1108–1193), anglicized as Derval, was a daughter of Murchad Ua Maeleachlainn, king of Meath, and of his wife Mor (died 1137), daughter of Muirchertach Ua Briain. She is famously known as the "Helen of Ireland" as her abduction from her husband Tigernán Ua Ruairc by Diarmait Mac Murchada, king of Leinster, in 1152 played some part in bringing the Anglo-Normans to Irish shores, although this is a role that has often been greatly exaggerated and often misinterpreted.
Unusually for a woman of her time, she is mentioned no less than five times in contemporary annals: her abduction by Diarmait in 1152 (Annals of Clonmacnoise), (although by the end of the next year she had left Leinster and returned to her family's lands in Meath, possibly after negotiations with her father's family); her donation to the Cistercian abbey of Mellifont of altar cloths, a gold chalice, and 60 ounces of gold during the consecration ceremony in 1157 (Annals of the Four Masters); her completion of the Nuns' Church at Clonmacnoise in 1167 (Annals of the Four Masters); her retirement to Clonmacnoise in 1186 (Annals of Ulster, Annals of Loch Ce); and her death in Clonmacnoise in 1193 (Annals of Ulster, Annals of the Four Masters). 
Tigernán Ua Ruairc had three children, Melaghlin (died 1162), Aed, described as crown prince of Breifne, killed by the Anglo-Normans (died 1171) and Dowchawley (died 1171), wife to Ruaidri Ua Conchobair, high king of Ireland, but whether or not Derbforgaill was their mother is less certain.
The abduction episode of 1152 has been variously interpreted. It seems that Derbforgaill went willingly, and that she took her cattle and chattels with her, all at the persuasion of her younger brother Maeleachlainn. It has been suggested that this was an attempt on the part of her paternal family, the royal family of Meath, to forge a new alliance through marriage, with Diarmait Mac Murchada. Formalising treaties through marriage seems to have been standard practice in twelfth-century Ireland, witness Diarmait Mac Murchada's betrothal of his daughter Aoife to Strongbow, while in 1165 the king of Uladh's daughter was taken hostage by the high king presumably just to prevent her father from using her to cement a new alliance.
Most historians are agreed that there was no romance involved, and that dynastic politics were at the base of the dispute. However, it does seem that Tigernán held the grudge, insisting on claiming legal compensation of 100 ounces of gold from Diarmait in 1167, which was enforced by Ruaidri Ua Conchobair.

</doc>
<doc id="2865662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865662" title="Mandubracius">
Mandubracius

Mandubracius or Mandubratius was a king of the Trinovantes of south-eastern Britain in the 1st century BC.
History.
Mandubracius was the son of a Trinovantian king, named Imanuentius in some manuscripts of Julius Caesar's "De Bello Gallico", who was overthrown and killed by the warlord Cassivellaunus some time before Caesar's second expedition to Britain in 54 BC. Mandubracius fled to the protection of Caesar in Gaul. Cassivellaunus then led the British defence against the Romans, but the Trinovantes betrayed the location of his fortress to Caesar, who proceeded to besiege him there. As part of the terms of Cassivellaunus's surrender, Mandubracius was installed as king of the Trinovantes, and Cassivellaunus undertook not to make war against him.
Medieval traditions.
He appears in Geoffrey of Monmouth's "Historia Regum Britanniae" (1136) as Androgeus, eldest son of the legendary king Lud. The name change can be traced to copying errors in Orosius's "Seven Books of History Against the Pagans", a 5th-century Christian history which was influential in medieval Britain, where it appears in different manuscripts as "Mandubragius" and "Andragorius". Bede, who follows Orosius almost verbatim for his account of Caesar's expeditions, calls him "Andragius" (a name which Geoffrey used for an earlier British king). Geoffrey may also have been influenced by the Greek mythological character Androgeus.
When Lud died, Androgeus and his brother Tenvantius were too young to rule, so the throne went to their uncle Cassibelanus. Androgeus was made Duke of Trinovantum (London) and Kent, and participated in the defence of Britain against Julius Caesar. After Caesar's first two invasions were repelled, the Britons held a celebration at which sacrifices were made to the gods and games played. Cuelinus, a nephew of Androgeus, wrestled with Hirelglas, Cassibelanus's nephew, and killed him in a dispute over the result. Cassibelanus demanded Androgeus hand over his nephew for trial, but fearing the king's intentions, Androgeus refused, offering to try him in his own court. Cassibelanus made war on Androgeus, who appealed to Caesar for help. He gave hostages, including his own son Scaeva, as proof of his intentions, and Caesar invaded a third time. Between them, Androgeus and Caesar forced Cassibelanus to submit and agree to pay tribute to Rome. Caesar spent the winter in Britain, and he and Cassibelanus became friends. When he finally returned to Rome to fight the civil war against Pompey, Androgeus went with him, never to return.
In Middle Welsh versions of Geoffrey's "Historia", and in the Welsh Triads, he appears as Afarwy. The Triads name him as one of the "Three Dishonoured Men of the Island of Britain" for inviting Caesar to invade. 
John Koch suggests that Mandubracius may be the historical basis of the Welsh mythological figure Manawydan: he reconstructs the original form of his father's name as *"Mannue:tios", and an earlier form of Manwydan as *"Mannue:tiagnos", "son of Mannuetios".

</doc>
<doc id="2865672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865672" title="British NVC community M20">
British NVC community M20

__NOTOC__
NVC community M20 ("Eriophorum vaginatum" raised and blanket mire) is one of the mire communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
It is a comparatively localised community. There are two subcommunities.
Community composition.
Two constant species, Common Cottongrass ("Eriophorum angustifolium") and Hare's-tail Cottongrass ("Eriophorum vaginatum"), are found in this community.
No rare species are associated with the community.
Distribution.
This community is found throughout northern England. It is extensive in the southern Pennines, but more local elsewhere. It is also found locally in eastern Scotland and south Wales. It is mainly found within tracts of upland blanket bog, but also locally on raised bogs. 
Subcommunities.
There are two subcommunities:

</doc>
<doc id="2865677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865677" title="Cumberland sauce">
Cumberland sauce

Cumberland sauce is a fruit-based sauce, usually used on non-white meats such as venison, ham, and lamb. Created sometime in the late 19th century, the sauce was named for the Duke of Cumberland, who had ties to Hanover, Germany, where the sauce was invented. It is a more complex version of a simple redcurrant sauce
Despite its German origin, today the sauce is ubiquitous in the Cumbria region of England and is thought of as a thoroughly British condiment. 
Although variations exist, common ingredients include red currants or cowberries, port or wine, mustard, pepper, orange, ginger, and vinegar. 

</doc>
<doc id="2865679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865679" title="Zacualpan, Nayarit">
Zacualpan, Nayarit

Zacualpan is a small town in the Mexican state of Nayarit, 
located at . It is bordered by Las Varas and San Izidro. It is a community that has experienced rapid growth due to tourism. The population was 4,468 in 2000.
This is a small town of some 4000-5000 residents. Most of the people living here are farmers or support the farming community. Passers-by and 
would be retirees will find this a sleepy town but the community has some great hearty folks. The hill on the south of the city has Indian ruins and caves can be found in areas. To find the caves ask locals. The one with interesting Indian cave drawings is on the hill. The several restaurants along the road are worthy of trying.
Notable Residents

</doc>
<doc id="2865700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865700" title="Council of Ministers (Cuba)">
Council of Ministers (Cuba)

The Council of Ministers (Spanish: "Consejo de ministros"), also referred to as simply the Cabinet of Cuba, is the highest ranking executive and administrative body of the Republic of Cuba, and constitutes the nation's government. It consists of the President, the First Vice President and the seven Vice Presidents of the Council of State, the Secretary of the Executive Committee, the heads of the national ministries, and other members as established by law.
The Executive Committee is a smaller body, consisting of the President and Vice Presidents of the Council of State, the Secretary and those ministers chosen by the President.
The Council of Ministers is responsible for the implementation of policy agreements authorized by the National Assembly of People’s Power. These are designated to individual ministries. The council also proposes general plans for economic and social development, which are in turn authorized by the National Assembly twice yearly.
The Council of Ministers also directs Cuba's foreign policy and its relations with other governments; approves international treaties before passing them over for ratification of the Council of State; directs and oversees foreign trade and the State budget. The Council of Ministers enforces laws authorized by the National Assembly, which are passed by the Council of State.
Current members.
The body currently consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="2865713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865713" title="Paul Christman">
Paul Christman

Paul Joseph Christman (March 5, 1918–March 2, 1970) was an American football player and a member of the College Football Hall of Fame. He played college football for the University of Missouri and professionally for the Chicago Cardinals and Green Bay Packers.
Collegiate career.
A St. Louis native, Christman led the Missouri Tigers to a 20-8 record during his three seasons as their starting quarterback. He was a two-time All-American, and led the nation in touchdown passes in 1940. He was Missouri's all-time leading passer until 1976, when he was surpassed by Steve Pisarkiewicz. While at the University of Missouri, he was a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity. His jersey number, 44, is one of seven retired by the school. In 1956, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
National Football League career.
Christman played six seasons in the National Football League, from 1945-1950. He was a member of the so-called "Dream Backfield," which led the Chicago Cardinals to the 1947 NFL Championship. A notoriously poor ball-handler, at one time he owned the record for most fumbles in a game (five) and most own fumbles recovered in a season (eight).
Broadcasting career.
After retiring as a player, Christman worked as a television color commentator, first teaming with play-by-play announcer Joe Boland to call Cardinals games for CBS in 1958-59. In 1962 he began calling American Football League games on ABC with Curt Gowdy, a pairing that continued after AFL rights shifted to NBC in 1965. Christman called Super Bowl I with Gowdy for NBC in January 1967. In 1968-69 he returned to CBS, teaming with Ray Scott on NFL broadcasts.
Christman also called the collegiate Orange Bowl game for several years, teaming with Boland (1960), Scott (1961), and Gowdy (1962–67). He and Gowdy then called the Rose Bowl game in 1968.
Personal.
His daughter is noted Scientology critic Tory Christman.
Death.
Christman died in 1970 in Lake Forest, Illinois from a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="2865724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865724" title="Salli">
Salli

SALLI - United Sex Professionals of Finland (, "Union of Sex Business, SALLI") is a union of sex workers in Finland, founded on November 17, 2002. Its main aim is to solve the problems of the sex industry and to give out information about sexually transferred diseases.
The organization states that SALLI works for the human rights of sex workers; on its web site, the organization is described as more of a human rights organization than a workers' union.

</doc>
<doc id="2865727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865727" title="Immaculate Machine">
Immaculate Machine

Immaculate Machine was a Canadian indie pop band from Victoria, British Columbia, active from 2003 to 2011.
The band's name is taken from the lyrics of "One-Trick Pony" from the album "One-Trick Pony" by Paul Simon.
History.
Immaculate Machine was a trio in 2003 consisting of Brooke Gallupe, Kathryn Calder and Luke Kozlowski. The band released "The View" and "Transporter" independently before signing to label Mint Records in early 2005.
Their Mint Records debut, "Ones and Zeros", came out on September 6, 2005, and they supported the album with a tour of Canada and the United States. That year, Calder became a member of The New Pornographers, appearing on the album "Twin Cinema" and touring with the band. She is the niece of New Pornographers leader A.C. Newman.
In early June 2007, the band's song "Jarhand", the first single from their third album "Immaculate Machine's Fables", was featured as the iTunes free single of the week.
In 2009, Kozlowski left the band and was replaced by Aden Collinge. 
As well, due to family commitments, Calder was unable to tour the band's latest album, "High on Jackson Hill". To compensate for this, a touring band was formed consisting of Caitlin Gallupe, Brooke's sister, Jordan Minkoff, bandmate of Caitlin in Slam Dunk, and occasionally Leslie Rewega.

</doc>
<doc id="2865735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865735" title="National Assembly of People's Power">
National Assembly of People's Power

The National Assembly of People’s Power () is the legislative parliament of the Republic of Cuba and the supreme body of State power. Its members (currently numbering 612) are elected from single-member electoral districts for a term of five years. The Assembly's current President is Esteban Lazo Hernández. The assembly meets twice a year. Between sessions it is represented by the 31 member Council of State. The most recent elections were held on 3 February 2013.
Overview.
The Assembly is a unicameral (one-chamber) parliament and the only body in Cuba that is vested with both constituent and legislative authority (although the government may pass decrees that have the force of law). It holds two regular sessions a year, which are public unless the Assembly itself votes to hold them behind closed doors for reasons of state. It has permanent commissions to look after issues of legislative interest at times when the Assembly is not in session.
The National Assembly has the power to amend the Constitution; to pass, amend, and repeal laws; to debate and approve national plans for economic development, the State budget, credit and financial programs; and to set guidelines for domestic and foreign policies. It hears the reports from national government and administration agencies and can also grant amnesties. Among its permanent or temporary commissions are those in charge of issues concerning the economy, the sugar industry, food production, industries, transportation and communications, constructions, foreign affairs, public health, defense, and interior order. The National Assembly also has permanent departments that oversee the work of the Commissions, Local Assemblies, Judicial Affairs, and Administration.
History.
The Assembly originated from the nation-wide elections held in 1976 following the ratification of the 1976 Constitution. Elected officials, according to the procedures established by law, met for the first time on 2 December 1976, thus formally setting up the Cuban Parliament. The Constitution, approved in a constitutional referendum on 14 February 1976, empowered the National Assembly as the supreme body of State power.
Elections.
The assembly deputies are nationally elected every five years. Half of the candidates are nominated at public meetings before gaining approval from electoral committees, while the other half are nominated by public solidarity organizations (such as trade unions, farmers' organizations and students' unions).
The Assembly itself elects the 31 members of the Council of State; their terms expire when a new Assembly is elected. The assembly elects the President, Vice President and Secretary of the Council of State, who must report to the National Assembly on all its work and tasks. It also elects the Council of Ministers, the members of the Supreme Court, and the Attorney General's Office of Cuba.
Composition.
Up to 50% of the candidates must be chosen by the Municipal Assemblies. The candidates are otherwise proposed by nominating assemblies, which comprise representatives of workers, youth, women, students and farmers as well as members of the Committees for the Defense of the Revolution, after initial mass meetings soliciting a first list of names. The final list of candidates is drawn up by the National Candidature Commission taking into account criteria such as candidates' merit, patriotism, ethical values and revolutionary history.

</doc>
<doc id="2865750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865750" title="Frank Butcher">
Frank Butcher

Francis Aloysius "Frank" Butcher is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Mike Reid. Frank makes his first appearance on-screen as a guest character in 1987 but, due to a positive viewer reception, he is reintroduced in 1988 as a regular. Reid took a long hiatus from "EastEnders" in 1994. Frank returns as a recurring character from December 1995 to January 1998, and eventually becomes a regular once again from May 1998 to November 2000, when Reid quit. Frank makes three brief reappearances after that, the final one in December 2005. Given the widespread identification of Mike Reid as Frank, Reid's death in July 2007 led to BBC bosses deciding that it would not be possible for the character to return in the future. In November 2007, it was announced that the character would die off-screen and in April 2008 his funeral was screened as part of a special set of episodes, dubbed Frank week.
Frank is a wheeler-dealer, who likes to think of himself as a 'big player' in the business world, but in reality he is little more than a wily conman. He is a smooth-talker and full of charm, but his actions are often thoughtless and he tends to run instead of facing up to his responsibilities, leaving his loved ones to pick up the pieces. His love affair with Pat Harris (Pam St. Clement) stems back to his teens, and he can never quite let her go, always breaking her heart, disappearing and returning to break it all over again.
Storylines.
Frank started out as a used car-salesman. He met Pat Harris (Pam St. Clement) at Butlins in Clacton in 1958 and despite being on holiday with his girlfriend, June, he was attracted to Pat. They had an affair but June became pregnant, so he married her and broke Pat's heart. Frank and Pat met up from time to time and on each occasion the affair was rekindled, but Frank wouldn't leave June and Pat eventually married and had children of her own. Frank and June had four children, Clare in 1959, Ricky (Sid Owen) in 1973, Diane (Sophie Lawrence) in 1974 and Janine in 1983. June died of cancer in 1987, leaving Frank bereft and his children motherless.
In September 1987, Frank contacts Pat and they meet in Greenwich. Frank wants to reignite their romance and asks her to be the mother of his children but she refuses. Frank propositions Pat again in January 1988. Pat is still resistant but when Frank appears again in March, he finally convinces her to reunite. They take over tenancy at The Queen Victoria public house soon afterwards, and in 1989, Frank goes back to his old career as a car salesman, opening a car-lot on the square. Frank and Pat marry in June 1989 in true cockney style with Pat becoming step mother to Ricky, Diane and 5-year-old Janine (Rebecca Michael), who hates Pat.
Troubled by family upsets, Frank is devastated in 1990 when his mother Mo (Edna Dore) develops dementia. Her deterioration is rapid. In a lucid moment, she writes Frank a letter asking him not to let her end up like her grandmother, who had gone senile, saying she would rather die than suffer the same fate. Frank is torn, but attempts to adhere to his mother's wish by almost smothering her with a pillow while she sleeps. However, he cannot go through with it and instead sends Mo to live with his sister, Joan, in Colchester. In 1992 Frank receives a huge tax demand, swiftly followed by a large VAT bill. This forces him to sell his B&B and the adjoining house and move his family into a small flat. Pat establishes her own cab firm, "PatCabs", which starts making them some money. However, on Christmas Eve that year, Pat runs over and kills a teenage girl and is later sentenced to six months in prison. Frank struggles alone and the Butchers end 1993 in financial ruin. In desperation, Frank asks Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) to set fire to his car-lot so he can claim on insurance in March 1994. The car-lot catches fire as agreed but, unknown to Phil and Frank, a homeless man is sleeping in one of the cars and burns to death. Frank is arrested on suspicion of manslaughter, but is later released due to lack of evidence. However, doubts remain as to whether he conspired to defraud his insurance company and an investigation takes place. Frank tries covering his tracks by claiming his accounts have burnt but Pat gives the business's books to the investigating agent. The pressure becomes too much for Frank, who is suffering severe guilt over the death of the homeless man. He becomes so depressed and despondent, no one can get through to him. Unable to cope, Frank leaves Walford and his family without warning in April 1994, and does not contact them to say where he is.
Pat is forced to get on with life. She begins a romance with another car-dealer Roy Evans (Tony Caunter) in 1995 and by November, they are living together. When Pat receives a letter from a psychiatric hospital saying Frank has recovered from a breakdown and wants to reunite, she tears up the letter. On Christmas Day 1995, Frank arrives unannounced and is furious to discover Pat is living with Roy. Frank declares he wants his house, business and children back and refuses to leave Walford. Pat's son David Wicks (Michael French) contacts his lawyers and is relieved to discover Frank has no claim on the car-lot; however, Ricky gives his share of the business to Frank who then threatens to sell Pat's house. Roy tries scaring Frank away and various underhand tricks are played. In a moment of remorse, Frank threatens to confess his involvement in the arson attack to the police. Pat attempts to make him reconsider and this leads to them having sex. Pat regrets her actions but Frank takes great pleasure in telling Roy. Furious, Roy threatens to leave Pat and in order to stop him, she claims Frank is lying. She convinces Frank she doesn't love him and begs him to leave. Defeated, Frank leaves Walford in March 1996, moving to Manchester.
He returns briefly in April 1997 for Ricky's wedding to Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer) and again in December to console Ricky following the loss of his child. On another visit in May 1998, he becomes attracted to landlady Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor) and they soon begin a relationship. Peggy asks Frank to move in with her at the Vic and they soon announce their engagement. Roy remains jealous of Frank, believing Pat has feelings for her ex-husband. When Pat turns to Frank following an argument with Roy and is seen leaving his flat, Roy and Peggy believe Frank and Pat are having an affair. Peggy calls off her engagement and Roy speeds off in his car on a suicide bid but Frank manages to convince him that his relationship with Pat is now platonic. He and Roy bond, leading Frank to admit he got a young woman called Gemma pregnant in Manchester, and had a young son, Danny, who no one else is aware of.
Peggy marries Frank in April 1999, despite opposition from her son Grant (Ross Kemp), who cannot forgive Frank for accidentally hitting and killing his wife Tiffany Mitchell (Martine McCutcheon) in a motor accident months earlier. Frank runs the Vic with Peggy but in 2000 he starts to realise he is unhappy as he still loves Pat. While the two couples holiday in Spain that summer, Pat and Frank have sex. Their affair continues for several months and they eventually decide to elope to Manchester. They are due to leave on Guy Fawkes Night but Pat has second thoughts. It is too late however, as Peggy has already got Frank's letter of confession. Peggy shames the cheating duo by reading the letter aloud in public and then slaps both Frank and Pat. Peggy throws Frank out and he leaves Walford. Pat chases after him, shouting his name, but he does not hear and drives away, leaving her sobbing in the rain.
In January 2002, Peggy receives news Frank has died in a car crash in Spain; she travels there for his funeral. While at the funeral she is stunned to see Frank in attendance. Several irate conversations reveal that Frank has faked his death to con expatriates in a property scam with his new girlfriend, Krystle (Rula Lenska). Krystle in turn cons Frank, running off with his money. Despite his past actions, Peggy takes pity and gives Frank money but turns down the opportunity of resuming a relationship with him.
In December 2005, when Pat is due to give evidence at the trial of Janine (Charlie Brooks), who has been falsely accused of murdering Laura Beale (Hannah Waterman), Frank tries to get Pat to change her testimony. Pat and Frank have sex but she is angry when she realises Frank is using their relationship to manipulate her. Nevertheless, after some contemplation, Pat changes her testimony. She and Frank say an emotional farewell with Frank commenting that he will always love her. Frank tries to reunite with Janine outside the court but is saddened to discover she already fled without him and was only using him to secure her release.
On 31 March 2008, Diane and Ricky reveal that Frank has died at Diane's home in France of throat cancer. His body is brought to Walford to be cremated. Following the funeral, Frank's ashes are scattered in Albert Square's flowerbeds. A heartbroken Pat orders a commemorative plaque dedicated to Frank and has it mounted in Albert Square.
Character creation and development.
The character of Frank was introduced to the series in September 1987, when he met up with former girlfriend Pat Wicks (Pam St. Clement). Although it couldn't have been predicted at the time, Frank was perhaps the most important introduction to the series that year, as the popularity of his appearance led to him playing a far greater role the following year. Frank was played by Mike Reid, who was already an established comedian and well known to the British audience. The casting of a comedian in a dramatic role was highly controversial at the time, but over the years the wisdom of that decision was proved, as Frank became one of the show's most popular and iconic characters. His successful casting set a precedent in British soap, and subsequently, many established comedians and comic actors have gone on to play substantial roles in several notable soap operas, including Barbara Windsor, Bradley Walsh, Shane Richie, Bobby Davro and Les Dennis, among others. 
Following Anita Dobson's (Angie) and Leslie Grantham's (Den) decisions to quit the show in 1988, Frank was reintroduced as a full-time character and installed as the new landlord of The Queen Vic, which he ran with his future wife, Pat, before opening a used car-lot on the Square. Although extremely different from their predecessors, Frank and Pat were also a live-wire couple whose relationship proved popular with the audience. Their wedding in 1989 is deemed as one of the year's highlights. Penned by new "EastEnders" writer Tony Jordan, Frank and Pat celebrated their big day in true East End style with a street party organised by Frank's mother, Mo (Edna Doré). Although planned for a summer's day, the lot material filmed on Albert Square was recorded in the middle of gale-force winds. The episode was scripted to portray a strong sense of community spirit and a feel-good theme, as up until that year "EastEnders" had come under attack by critics who suggested the show had become too depressing. Some 11.9 million viewers tuned in to see Frank and Pat finally tie the knot.
However, as is customary in "EastEnders", their marriage didn't remain happy for long, and after an array of family and monetary problems, Frank began to sink into deep depression. Playing a depressed character took its toll on Mike Reid and he also began to suffer with depression, so in 1994 he took a long hiatus from "EastEnders". On-screen his character attempted an insurance scam by having his car-lot torched and was unable to cope with the resulting guilt after the fire claimed the life of a homeless man. Frank disappeared from the show under a cloud of mystery and for a while he was presumed dead. Pat eventually moved on, and moved in with another man only for Frank to make a shocking return. Almost 17 million viewers tuned in to see Frank reunited with Pat on Christmas day 1995. His stay was brief, lasting only a few months, but it drew a line under his relationship with Pat and after failing to win her back, Frank was forced to move on too. Frank made several brief appearances in the show after this time, but in May 1998 he made a full-time return, this time as a love interest to landlady Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor). However Frank's affinity with Pat remained an underlying theme for both characters, and despite being separated, viewers were regularly reminded of their lustful connection. Pat's fourth husband Roy Evans (Tony Caunter) was deliberately made impotent in the series, so Pat would not be sexually unfaithful to Frank. In an interview Pam St. Clement has suggested that Pat and Frank are the biggest "love story" in "EastEnders", commenting; "the trouble is, they're a classic example of a couple who can't live with each other and yet don't want to live without each other."
Upon his return, Frank was once again pivotal to many explosive storylines including the accidental death of Tiffany Mitchell (Martine McCutcheon), a marriage to Peggy and a battle to regain control of The Queen Vic from Dan Sullivan (Craig Fairbrass). However in 2000, Reid began to go through some poor health. After suffering with nervous exhaustion, which he attributed to "EastEnders"' grueling filming schedule, Reid was forced to take an unplanned break from the show. Penned scripts and plots had to be completely rewritten to account for his absence, including the departure of Sid Owen who played Reid's on-screen son Ricky. The storyline initially planned to have Frank and Ricky involved in one of "EastEnders" renowned two-hander episodes, but due to Reid's absence Steve McFadden, who plays Phil Mitchell, had to stand in for the episode; resulting in a slightly less plausible plotline. Upon Reid's return further problems arose, allegedly regarding the producers decision not to allow him to attend a charity function that was being held in his honour. Reid allegedly quit in protest, although the BBC have since denied this. Reid was persuaded by producer John Yorke to remain in the role for a further six months in order to facilitate one further explosive storyline. Frank resumed his relationship with old flame Pat whilst still married to Peggy, but was famously caught out and shamed by his fuming wife in front of a packed pub on Guy Fawkes Night 2000. After receiving a hefty slap, Frank left once again, leaving his wife in serious debt, just as he had done to Pat years earlier.
Since this time, Frank made several brief appearances in the show, and was even given his own spin-off special, entitled "". The programme followed Frank as he set up a new business in Somerset and brought in an entirely new set of characters unrelated to those in Albert Square. The soap bubble was written by Tony Jordan, directed by Clive Arnold and aired in 2003. The project was relatively unsuccessful and was only watched by 3.8 million viewers. One critic commented "Everything that's wrong with EastEnders—dodgy geezers, continuity errors, duff acting, everyone talking at cross purposes—packed into a black cab and bundled off to the seaside, where Frank Butcher is now running a car lot and lap-dancing club...it was a full four minutes 23 seconds before Perfectly Frank had exhausted all spin-off and acting potential from Frank Butcher. In other words, four minutes 23 seconds before Mike Reid had squeezed the bridge of his nose, wobbled his head a bit and said: 'Heeeeeey.' In Perfectly Frank's favour, they did at least try to make it funny. But EastEnders does observational comedy like bears in a Romanian zoo do the rumba—clumsily and only when someone (possibly Louise Berridge) holds a cattle prod to their goolies." Despite rumours that the concept was being groomed as a potential spin-off series, this did not materialise.
Frank made yet another comeback to "EastEnders" in early December 2005, for another week's stint, but Reid made it clear on "The Paul O'Grady Show" that this was to be the final time viewers would see Frank, as the storyline gave ultimate closure to his relationship with Pat. Reid allegedly turned down subsequent offers of a return.
The death of Mike Reid in July 2007, given his identification with the role, made the future return of the character unlikely. Executive producer, Diederick Santer, announced in November 2007 that the character would die off-screen; this would ultimately happen at the end of March 2008, when it was revealed that Frank had succumbed to throat cancer. On-screen, Frank was brought back to Walford to be cremated and was given a send-off in a special week of episodes, dubbed Frank week, which saw his former wives Peggy and Pat igniting their old feud. Throughout the episode of his funeral on 1 April, old clips of Frank's time in the serial were played as flashbacks, including Frank and Pat's wedding from 1989 and Frank naked in a revolving bow-tie from 2000. Frank's children Ricky (Sid Owen), Diane (Sophie Lawrence) and Janine (Charlie Brooks) returned especially for the funeral episodes.
Reception.
Frank remains one of "EastEnders" best-loved characters and many associate him with a 'golden era of the square'. Following Mike Reid's death in 2007, BBC series controller, John Yorke, commented "Frank Butcher was one of a select group of truly great EastEnders' characters and the skill with which Mike Reid played him made him one of the most popular and well-loved of all.
In a Radio Times poll of over 5,000 people in 2004, 13 percent chose Frank Butcher as the soap character they were most happy to see return. He came third in the poll, behind "EastEnders"' Den Watts (32 percent) and Sharon Watts (21 percent). Twelve percent of viewers disagreed, as Frank also polled fourth place when viewers were asked "which soap character was it a bad idea to bring back?", coming behind "Coronation Street's" Bet Lynch (28 percent), "EastEnders" Den Watts (28 percent), and "Coronation Street's" Liz McDonald (14 percent).
A comic scene that saw the character seduce Pat by arriving on her doorstep in nothing but a revolving bow-tie has been voted the fifth "Top Soap Moment" in a five poll in 2004 and he was also voted the seventh most popular "King of Soaps" in a Channel 4 poll in 2002. In addition, Frank is fondly remembered for his unique style of cockney slang. A term "dry slap" that Reid introduced into the character's dialogue has transitioned and is now utilised in British culture as a noun to describe a punch.
In popular culture.
In the 1990s, Mike Reid starred in an advert for the then new soft drink Oasis, whose slogan at the time was "Open, pour, be yourself once more". In the advert, Reid was dressed as Frank and initially roamed around with an uncharacteristically sunny disposition, until he drank the beverage and trod in a cow pat. After which he took on a miserable disposition and exclaimed "Pat... Oh Pat, what have you done to me Pat?" in a blatant reference to his "EastEnders" alter ego.
There is also an audio track mixed to Eminem's hit "My Name Is" where various soundbites of Butcher are used to create a catchy two-minute song.

</doc>
<doc id="2865756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865756" title="John W. Willey">
John W. Willey

John Wheelock Willey (1797 – July 9, 1841) was an American politician of the Democratic Party who served as the first mayor of Cleveland, Ohio from 1836 to 1837.
Born in New Hampshire, Willey was educated in Dartmouth, Massachusetts and studied law in New York. In 1822, he settled in Cleveland and began practicing law. He soon gained recognition as a witty debater, which earned him three years in the Ohio House of Representatives (1827–1830) and three more in the Ohio Senate (1830–1832) as a Jacksonian Democrat. Willey quickly became attached to Cleveland and was subsequently elected mayor for two terms after the city was chartered in 1836. Willey was responsible for writing the municipal charter as well as many of the original laws and ordinances.

</doc>
<doc id="2865758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865758" title="Santa Rosa High School (Santa Rosa, California)">
Santa Rosa High School (Santa Rosa, California)

Santa Rosa High School (SRHS) is a secondary school located in Santa Rosa, California. It is part of the Santa Rosa City High School District, which is itself part of Santa Rosa City Schools. The main administration is formed by the Principal (presently Brad Coscarelli), a Vice Principal (Monica Baldenegro) and an Assistant Principals (Andrea Correia and Danielle Valente.). According to Santa Rosa City Schools, SRHS had 1908 students on census day (7 October 2013).
History.
Santa Rosa High School is one of the oldest high schools in all of California, the ninth high school chartered in the state's history. SRHS was the only public high school for Santa Rosa from 1874 to 1958. Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC), located on the adjacent property, was actually a part of Santa Rosa High School from 1918 to 1927.
The school had several locations. The previous location on Humboldt Street burned to the ground in 1921. The school was moved to its current location and opened in 1924. The current school's design Brick Gothic, with soaring white columns towering over the triple entryway and the addition of gargoyles in niches near the roof, was created by W. H. Weeks in 1922. There are many more recent additions to the school, some copying the original design and others with more modern design and flavor.
Academics.
Santa Rosa High School is an academic leader in Santa Rosa, having had for nine consecutive years the district's highest SAT scores, the streak ending in 1973. Santa Rosa High School has an API rating of 751. On-campus tutoring is available through an arrangement with Sonoma State University.
In 2011 Santa Rosa High School received the California Distinguished Schools and the California Career Technical Awards.
There is also a branch of SRHS called ArtQuest (see section below), a specialized academic program focused on Visual Fine Arts, Drama, Dance, Music (vocal and instrumental), and Multimedia/Video.
Athletics: The Santa Rosa Panthers.
Santa Rosa High School offers a wide variety of athletic programs and competes in the 5-A North Bay League of the North Coast Section of the California Interscholastic Federation.
Cross Country varsity boys were undefeated league champions, a record of 7-0, in the 2008-2009 season. 
The Santa Rosa High Fight Song.
Santa Rosa, Santa Rosa, fight on for your fame!<br>
Pass the ball right down the center,<br>
Touch down sure this time,<br>
Rah, rah, rah!<br>
Santa Rosa, Santa Rosa, fight on for your fame!<br>
Fight, fellas, fight, fight, fight!<br>
We'll win this game!
Nevers Field.
Ernie Nevers attended Santa Rosa High School, where he excelled in football. In 1920, as a senior, he led the team to the NCS Championships. He went on to attend Stanford University, and play for the Duluth Eskimos and the Chicago Cardinals of the National Football League. In 1925 the football field at Santa Rosa High School was renamed Nevers Field in his honor. In 2004, just in time for the homecoming game, a $2 million refurbishment of Nevers Field was completed. The improvements included an artificial turf, an all-weather 8-lane track, new bleachers, a snack bar and ticket booth, restrooms, and lights for night games.
ArtQuest Program.
Santa Rosa High School is well known for its award winning ArtQuest program. This district-supported program allows students to take classes with specialty course work in the arts, including Visual Fine Arts, Dance, Theatre Arts, Photography, Instrumental and Vocal Music, Multimedia, and the Video program. It was awarded the prestigious Jack London Award for Educational Excellence.
School Newspaper.
Santa Rosa High School has a successful journalism class that produces newspapers about once a month. Entitled "The Santa Rosan," it has consistently won awards at the annual "Press Democrat" competition, among others, and in 2012 won second overall. The program is run by Casey Elsa, who also teaches English at the high school.
Clubs.
Santa Rosa High School has several student-organized and teacher-supervised clubs, raging from many different subjects:
In the Movies.
Santa Rosa High School was used for several Hollywood movies, including "Peggy Sue Got Married" and "Inventing the Abbotts". For the filming of "Peggy Sue Got Married", the production company paid for a complete restoration of the school's aging gothic facade, including repair and replacement of the many gargoyle figures.
Director Wes Craven applied for the use of Santa Rosa High School and reached a verbal agreement with the principal of the school for the filming of his 1996 horror film "Scream". Just days before filming was to begin, the school board denied permission for the use of the school. In response, the city, previously popular as a film setting, was blacklisted in Hollywood and in the closing credits of "Scream", following the listing of organizations and individuals whom the filmmakers wished to thank, Craven included the note, "No thanks whatsoever to the Santa Rosa City School District Governing Board".
Foundation.
The Santa Rosa High School Foundation is a special group of alumni who take an active interest in SRHS. The Foundation helps raise money for school programs and other services.

</doc>
<doc id="2865764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865764" title="Zeta Aquilae">
Zeta Aquilae

Zeta Aquilae (ζ Aql, ζ Aquilae) is a double star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It has the traditional name Deneb el Okab, meaning "the tail of the falcon". As a third magnitude star, Zeta Aquilae is readily visible with the naked eye. Parallax measurements place it at a distance of approximately from Earth.
Properties.
Zeta Aquilae has a stellar classification of A0 Vn, with the luminosity class 'V' indicating is a main sequence star that is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen at its core. It has more than double the mass and twice the radius of the Sun, and is radiating more than 39 times the Sun's luminosity. The effective temperature of the star's outer envelope is about 9620 K, which gives it the white hue typical of A-type stars. The estimated age of this star is 50–150 million years.
This star is rotating rapidly, with a projected rotational velocity of 317 km s−1 giving a lower bound on the azimuthal velocity along the equator. As a result, it has a pronounced equatorial bulge, causing the star to assume an oblate spheroidal shape. The equatorial radius is about 30.7% greater than the polar radius. Because of the Doppler effect, this rapid rotation makes the absorption lines in the star's spectrum broaden and smear out, as indicated by the 'n' suffix in the stellar class.
Astronomers use Zeta Aquilae as a telluric standard star. That is, the spectrum of this star is used to correct for telluric contamination from the Earth's atmosphere when examining the spectra of neighboring stars. Observation of this star in the infrared band during the 2MASS survey appeared to reveal excess emission. However, the distribution of this emission couldn't be readily explained by a conjectured disk of circumstellar dust. Instead, the detection was later ascribed to errors caused by saturation of the near-infrared detectors.
This star has two 12th magnitude companions at angular separations of 6.5 and 158.6 arcseconds.
Etymology.
It has the traditional names Deneb el Okab, from an Arabic term ذنب العقاب "ðanab al-cuqāb" meaning "the tail of the falcon", and the Mandarin names Woo and Yuë, derived from and represent the state Wu (吳), an old state was located at the mouth of the Yangtze River, and Yue (越), an old state in Zhejiang province (together with 19 Capricorni or ψ Capricorni in R.H.Allen's version, in "Twelve States" asterism). According to the R.H. Allen's works, it shares names with ε Aquilae.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Left Wall of Heavenly Market Enclosure", refers to an asterism which is represent eleven old states in China which is marking the left borderline of the enclosure, consisting of ζ Aquilae, δ Herculis, λ Herculis, μ Herculis, ο Herculis, 112 Herculis, θ1 Serpentis, η Serpentis, ν Ophiuchi, ξ Serpentis and η Ophiuchi. Consequently, ζ Aquilae itself is known as (, ), represent the states which have mentioned above.
In the catalogue of stars in the "Calendarium of Al Achsasi Al Mouakket", this star was designated Dzeneb al Tair (from ذنب الطائر - "ðanab aṭ-ṭā’ir"), which was translated into Latin as Cauda (Vulturis) Volantis, meaning "the eagle's tail".
In culture.
The system is depicted in the computer game "Descent II".

</doc>
<doc id="2865767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865767" title="Namioka Station">
Namioka Station

History.
Namioka Station was opened on December 7, 1894 as a station on the Japanese Government Railway, the predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR) in former Namioka village. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. A new station building was completed in November 2009.
Station layout.
Namioka Station has a side platform and an island platform serving three tracks. The station is attended only during daylight hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2865774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865774" title="John S. Rodwell">
John S. Rodwell

John S. Rodwell is an ecologist based at the University of Lancaster.
He was responsible for the co-ordination of research leading to the development of the British National Vegetation Classification (NVC). The five volumes of "British Plant Communities", which describe the NVC, were edited by Rodwell.

</doc>
<doc id="2865779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865779" title="Deneb el Okab">
Deneb el Okab

The traditional star name Deneb el Okab refers to two stars in the Aquila constellation:
The name derives from the Arabic term ذنب العقاب "ðanab al-cuqāb" meaning "the tail of the eagle".

</doc>
<doc id="2865784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865784" title="Fox armoured reconnaissance vehicle">
Fox armoured reconnaissance vehicle

The FV721 Fox Combat Vehicle Reconnaissance (Wheeled) (CVR(W)) was a 4x4 armoured car manufactured by Alvis, deployed by the British Army as a replacement for the Ferret scout car and the Saladin Armoured Car. The Fox was introduced into service in May 1973 and withdrawn in 1993/4.
Description.
It had a crew of three and had a low profile rotating turret armed with a 30 mm L21 RARDEN cannon which was manually fed with 3 round clips; 99 rounds were carried. A coaxial L37A2 7.62 mm machine gun was mounted with 2,600 rounds. The weapons were not stabilised. This turret was also equipped with a set of 2 4-barrelled smoke dischargers. The vehicle had a combat weight of 6.75 tonnes and was designed to be air-portable. The Fox had aluminium armour and was fitted with a flotation screen. It lacked protection against nuclear, biological and chemical weapons. Powered by a Jaguar 4.2-litre 6-cylinder petrol engine, the Fox was one of the fastest vehicles of its type.
The Fox was typically attached to armoured and mechanized infantry battalions. The use of high mobility light vehicles such as the Fox would provide the ability to out flank heavier armoured divisions. This also potentially enabled the Fox to act as a scout and a vehicle that can engage similar light vehicles. The Fox's all-welded aluminum armour hull and turret protected against medium gun fire and artillery splinters, but did not protect the Fox from heavy (50.calbre) machine gun fire. The driver viewed through an integral periscope/hatch cover that lifted open while the centred turret held the commander/loader on the left and gunner on the right.
Without preparation, the Fox can ford one metre of water and a flotation screen can be erected in two minutes.
Air portable, three Foxes can be carried by one C-130 Hercules aircraft, two of which can be parachute dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="2865794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865794" title="Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica">
Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica

The Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica (ITA; ) is an institution of higher education and advanced research with emphasis in aerospace science and technology maintained by the Brazilian Federal Government with the support of the Brazilian Air Force. It is located in São José dos Campos, Brazil. ITA is rated as one of the top and most prestigious engineering schools in Brazil.
The school's admission exams for its undergraduate courses (called "vestibular" in Brazil) are considered to be the most competitive in the country, and take place annually in over 25 cities throughout Brazil. Its undergrad program acceptance rate in 2013 was only 1.65% (120 accepted students out of 7285 nationwide applicants ).
It is one of four institutes that encompass the Brazilian General Command for Aerospace Technology (CTA), having its facilities, along with its laboratories and R&D centers, inside the campus of CTA. ITA is often mistakenly considered to be a military institution, because of its location, but it is 100% civilian in nature, with a vast majority of civilian teachers, directors and students. The Air Force does help maintain the institution, though, and in exchange uses it for the training of its engineers.
The institution was created in 1950, being responsible and contributing in a great extent for the research and development of the aerospace and defense sectors in Brazil, including the Brazilian National Institute for Space Research - INPE, Embraer and Avibrás.
ITA offers regular 5-year engineering undergraduate courses (Bachelor's of Engineering) and graduate programs including master's and doctorate degrees. All undergraduate students are granted full scholarships and board during entire five-year period. Complete residential facilities are offered to the students inside the campus, at a minimal cost. The college is known for being rigorous, demanding focus and a great effort from the students.
History.
ITA was idealized and initially run by the Marshal Casimiro Montenegro Filho, who was then a Coronel. Montenegro was an Air Force pilot and pioneer who had also received a degree in Engineering. The idea of building a school of excellence in Aeronautics Engineering and related fields came as the first step towards building a strong aeronautics industry in Brazil.
A commission was created in 1946 in order to organize the Technical Center of Aeronautics (in Portuguese "Centro Técnico de Aeronáutica", or CTA), a sprawling facility that was later renamed, but kept the same acronym. ITA was to be the first institution in CTA, which would later harbor other aerospace related institutes.
Marshal Casimiro Montenegro was very passionate and idealist, and was committed to creating the best school that could possibly be created. He visited the most renowned Aeronautics Engineering schools in the US at the time, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Wright Field (home of the Air Force Institute of Technology). There he hired MIT's professor Richard Harbert Smith to help develop a plan for such a school, which was dubbed "The Smith Plan". Prof. Smith would later become ITA's first rector.
Montenegro hired renowned foreign professors and experts from various parts of the world to teach at ITA, the majority of them from MIT, influenced by Prof. Smith. At a given time of its history, ITA had teachers from more than 20 different nationalities in its faculty, an impressive number, considering it had (and still has) a faculty of little more than 100 teachers. Nowadays the overwhelming majority of the teachers are Brazilians, many of whom have graduated from ITA themselves.
A book by Tércio Pacitti, a former ITA rector, mentions that Montenegro went to great lengths in order to be able to hire and maintain a 'super-star' faculty. Their pay was considerably high, a requirement to convince them to move to an unknown and poor country, as was Brazil in the '50s. He had, many times, to conceal their actual pay from his superiors in the Air Force, disguising it as other forms of expenditures.
At the same time the team of professors brought to Brazil by Montenegro started to lecture in the Army Technical School (EsTE, nowadays IME, Instituto Militar de Engenharia), in Rio de Janeiro, CTA's and ITA's facilities began to be built in the city of São José dos Campos. This city was small and its economy was mainly rural, but Casimiro and his fellows predicted that, due to its location (between Brazil's biggest cities, Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo) and geography, it was a good place to be the birth of the aeronautics industry in Brazil. They turned out to be right, since about only 20 years later a company called EMBRAER, nowadays the third largest commercial jet manufacturer in the world, was started there, created and run by ITA's alumni.
In 1950 ITA's basic facilities were finished and its first students moved there from Rio, to finish the courses they had started in the Army's facilities. Despite the fact ITA was run and maintained mostly by the Air Force, most of its students were civilians. That was a key point in the "Smith Plan", that ITA should form civilian engineers, to aid in the development of the Brazilian industry, specially the aeronautical one. Over the years a larger percentage of ITA's revenues began to come directly from the government. Nowadays the Air Force contributes with an amount that is somewhat proportional to the number of military students at ITA.
Military career.
Due to ITA's strong connection with the Air Force, the undergraduate students have the choice to become part of the military (as engineering officers) or keep their status as civilians, as members of the reserve, when they apply. About 20% of the students admitted in the institute follow the military career, starting to receive paychecks and wearing uniforms at the beginning of their 3rd year of school. Most of the students follow a civilian career, pursuing jobs in the market in Brazil or abroad, as they graduate.
During their first year at ITA, the undergraduate students are required to attend a military preparation course once a week, and receive monthly cost-of-living allowances for it during this period. For the male students it also fulfills their obligatory military service, which all male citizens in Brazil are required to attend (although the majority of them are dismissed at presentation).
Admissions (undergraduate courses only).
As in most of Brazilian universities and colleges, admissions at ITA are made by means of a series of written exams, applied annually, called "vestibular". ITA's vestibular is composed of 5 exams, each on one of the following subjects: Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Portuguese and English. The English exam is only eliminatory, meaning the candidates are only required to achieve a minimum result in order to be qualified. The other four exams are eliminatory and competitive, meaning the applicants with the higher average grade (the four tests have equal weights) will be selected.
Students are selected based exclusively on their grades in the exam, and will be distributed in the 5 available Engineering courses according to number of seats available for each course and the list of course preferences the student fills at the time of his application.
The subjects of the exams are covered in much greater depth and difficulty than the exams from other colleges and universities in Brazil, including all the top universities such as UNESP, UNICAMP, UFSC, USP, UFRJ, what makes it a necessity for the student to be prepared specifically for ITA's entrance exam. That usually demands an extra year of study or more (students often take the test 3 or 4 years before being selected). Another Engineering college, maintained by the Army, Instituto Militar de Engenharia (Military Institute of Engineering - IME), have exams of similar difficulty, but with a smaller amount of candidates. Candidates usually prepare for both exams, from ITA and IME, in a way that the majority of the candidates selected by ITA ends up being selected by IME as well. The vast majority of the candidates nowadays chooses to study at ITA, when approved in both schools, due to the civilian nature of ITA and its better renown in the market.
Course evaluation results.
From the 1996 to 2003, the Brazilian government conducted yearly evaluation exams for every undergraduate course in Brazil. Written exams, specific to every different type of college course, were given to every student at the time of their graduation and the results were used to evaluate the quality of the college courses and schools in Brazil. These exams were called Provão ("big test", in English).
Based on the average grade obtained by the students course, every school was given a grade from 'A' to 'E' for each of its courses, with 'A' being the best. ITA was the only institution in Brazil to have obtained only 'A's in all the years of Provão, for all of its courses. The Provão results are somewhat misleading, though, as the grades are given by ordering the average grades of the schools in a list and giving the label 'A' to a certain predefined number of schools, and so on. Therefore, two schools that were given the grade 'A' can have substantially different scores, and that is usually the case. The actual grades for each school were not announced by the government, but a list with the highest average grades in 2003 "leaked" and was published by the national magazine Veja.
The published list showed that the courses of Electronic and Computer Engineering at ITA, which both took the exam of Electrical Engineering, attained the highest average grade of the whole Provão in 2003. Its students had an average grade of 79.6 of a total of 100. This average was about 5 point higher than IME's, the 2nd position for Electrical Engineering, with 75.2, about 14 points higher than the 3rd position, UFRGS, with 66.3, and about 17 point higher than renowned USP and UNICAMP with 62.7 and 62.2, respectively. It was about 24 points higher than the 10th position for this course. That is a relative difference of more than 40%. All ten schools published in the list attained an 'A' grade at Provão.
It is now known that in almost every year of Provão up to 2003 ITA's courses figured in either first or second place in its categories, usually competing with IME, both within considerable distance from the remaining schools. It is hard, though, to point references for such information, as it usually comes from unofficial sources or scattered news from journalists that had access to leaked information. INEP, the government institute which conducts these evaluations, publishes the results of all Provões at its website, but only shows the alphabetic grade and percentiles in which the students from the institution are (usually more than 90% of ITA's students figure between the top 25% grades in Provão). In 2003 94,3% of ITA's Electronic and Computer Engineering students were between the 25% top grades of the exam.
In the first edition of ENADE for Engineering in 2005, successor of Provão, which is only held about every 3 years, ITA's Computer Engineering course once again achieved the highest grade of its category. For the ENADE the government is publishing the actual average grade of each school at INEP's website. In 2008, ITA's Computer Engineering and Electronics Engineering courses scored the highest evaluation grade among all university courses from the areas evaluated in 2008, which included all engineering areas, computer science, math, architecture, among others. The course evaluation grade of ITA's Computer and Electronics Engineering was 485, out of a maximum of 500, based on the test results of the students graduated in 2008.
Notable alumni.
In alphabetical order:

</doc>
<doc id="2865795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865795" title="Big Art Group">
Big Art Group

Big Art Group is a New York City-based experimental performance ensemble that uses language and media to push formal boundaries of theatre, film and visual arts to create culturally transgressive works. It has publicly declared its goal as the desire to develop innovative performances using original text, technology, and experimental methods of communication.
Development.
Founded by director Caden Manson and playwright Jemma Nelson in 1999, Big Art Group has produced original works, "CLEARCUT, catastrophe" (1999), "The Balladeer" (2000), "Shelf Life" (2001), "Flicker" (2002), "House of No More" (2004), "Dead Set #2 and #3" (2006-7),"The Sleep", "The Imitation", "The People" (2007), "S.O.S." (2008), "Cityrama" and "Broke House." The first two works, "Clearcut Catastrophe" and "The Balladeer", explored the development of new vocabularies for performance blending film and theatrical references and trained the ensemble in physically rigorous methods of stagecraft. "Clearcut Catastrophe" fused ideas from Chekhov's Three Sisters and the documentary Grey Gardens through methods of improvisation. These experiments evolved into a trilogy of works: "Shelf Life", "Flicker" and "House of No More." In these pieces, Manson invented an integrated spectacle which he dubbed ‘Real-Time Film’, a hybrid of film and theatre in which actors recombined formal ideas of performance through the use of simultaneous acting on stage and for live video using complex choreography, puppetry, and autobiography. He referred to the techniques of accomplishing filmic language such as cuts, pans, and zooms as treating "the actor as technology."
Thematically, the trilogy began with an acidic critique of consumerism with "Shelf Life", which also marks author Jemma Nelson's writing debut. The sister piece, "Flicker", used two storylines to create a linked examination of violence and commodity. The trilogy concluded with "House of No More", which dismantled ideas of theatrical narrative, and attacked the idea of spectacle through an investigation of theatre as an analogy for worldbuilding.
In 2006 the company began a series of experimental video art, musical collaborations and reality performances, "Dead Set #2 and #3","The Sleep","The Imitation" and "The People." "Dead Set #2 and #3" continued Big Art Group's experimentation with live theatre and video, set and costume design to comment on themes of trauma and popular culture. "The People" was an expansion of real-time film that moved the theatre to the street, combining local participants, documentary research and site-specific creations and also fusing avant-garde performance with community expression. Retelling a contemporary version of the Oresteia, "The People" was simultaneously played and live-projected and broadcast into the public square of the Italian town of Polverigi.
"S.O.S." followed in 2008, opening at the Wiener Festwochen in Austria and appearing in New York at The Kitchen. Combining a large scale video installation, dense text, sound, and fast pace, the play explored ideas of saturation and sacrifice in contemporary society. The text of the play was published in Yale's Theatre Magazine (Vol. 40,No. 2, 2010). 
Caden Manson has been recognized as a Pew Fellow for his work with Big Art Group. Major funding for the company include grants received from the Rockefeller Multi-Arts Production fund, The Greenwall Foundation, the Foundation for Contemporary Art and the Florence Gould Foundation. In the United States, Big Art Group has performed at such venues as Performance Space 122, The Kitchen, The Wexner Center for the Arts, The Walker Art Center, and REDCAT. Performers include Heather Litteer, Farrad Mullins, David Commander and Theo Kogan. Their work is also in the permanent collection of the Yale Drama Library.
Production history.
CLEARCUT, catastrophe!
1999 Kraine Theatre, NYC
The Balladeer.
2000 Kraine Theatre, NYC
Shelf Life (Premiere - The Kraine Theatre, NYC 2001).
2004 Kaiitheatre (Brussels, Belgium), Hebbel Am Ufer (Berlin, Germany), Festpielhaus Hellerau (Dresden, Germany)
2003 Pan Pan Theatre Symposium (Dublin, Ireland), The Walker Arts Center (Minneapolis, Minnesota), Fresh Terrain/PS122/UT (Austin, Texas), The Wexner Center For The Arts (Columbus, Ohio), The Warhol Museum (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania), Künstlerhaus Mousonturm (Frankfurt, Germany), Sommerszene (Salzburg, Austria)
Flicker (Premiere Performance Space 122, NYC 2002).
2005 In Motion Festival (Barcelona, Spain), RED/CAT (Los Angeles, California, USA), Teatro Central (Sevilla, Spain), VEO Festival (Valencia, Spain), Teatro Canovas (Málaga, Spain), Teatro Alhambra (Granada, Spain), Teatro La Fenice (Senigallia, Italy), Trafó (Budapest, Hungary), STUK (Leuven, Belgium)
2004 New Territories Festival (Glasgow, Scotland), Emilia Romagna Teatro (Modena, Italy), Sommerszene Festival (Salzburg, Austria)
2003 The Via Festival (Maubeuge, France), Inteatro Polverigi (Polverigi, Italy), Zürcher Theater Spektakel (Zurich, Switzerland), La Bâtie-Festival de Genève (Geneva, Switzerland), De (internationale) Keuze van de Rotterdamse Schouwburg (Rotterdam, Netherlands), Le Vie de Festival (Rome, Italy), SpielArt Festival (Munich, Germany), Hebbel Theater (Berlin, Germany), Mettre en Scène (Rennes, France)
2002 Théâtre Garonne (Toulouse, France), Festival d'Automne (Paris, France), Théâtre de Lorient (Brittany, France)
House of No More (Premiere Performance Space 122, NYC 2004).
2005 Dance Theater Workshop (NYC), Hebbel Theater (Berlin, Germany), Théâtre Garonne/TNT (Toulouse, France), Festival d'Automne à Paris (Paris, France), Le Manège (Maubeuge, France), Le Vie de Festival (Rome, Italy), La Rose Des Vents (Villeneuve d'Asq, France), Wexner Center (Columbus, Ohio), Art Rock Festival (Saint-Brieuc, France), Festival de Otoño (Madrid, Spain), Teatro La Fenice (Sinigalia, Italy), Semaines Internationales de la Marionnette (Neuchâtel, Switzerland), Théâtre de Nîmes (Nîmes, France)
2006 Temps d'Image at L'Usine C (Montreal, Canada), Festival Mois Multi (Québec, Canada), Donau Festival (Krems, Austria), Scene Festival (Salzburg, Austria)
Dead Set #2 (Premiere Hebbel Theater, Berlin Germany 2006).
2006 La Comète (Châlons-en-Champagne, France), Théâtre d'Angoulême (Angoulême, France), Festival d'Automne à Paris (Paris, France)
Dead Set #3 (Premiere The Kitchen, NYC 2007).
2007 deSignel (Antwerp, Belgium), Künstlerhaus Mousonturm (Frankfurt, Germany), Donau Festival (Krems, Austria)
The People.
2007 Inteatro Polverigi (Polverigi, Italy)
2008 Theater der Welt Festival (Halle, Germany)
S.O.S..
2008 Wiener Festwochen (Vienna, Austria), Théâtre Garonne (Toulouse, France)
2009 Temps d’Image Festival (Montreal, Canada), The Kitchen (NYC, USA), REDCAT (Los Angeles, USA),Yerba Buena Arts Center (San Francisco, USA),Prospettiva 09 (Turin, Italy)

</doc>
<doc id="2865800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865800" title="Hirosaki Station">
Hirosaki Station

Lines.
Hirosaki Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 447.1 km from the southern starting point of the Ōu Main Line at Fukushima Station. Although the terminus of the Gonō Line is at Kawabe Station, most trains continue on to terminate at Hirosaki for ease of connections. It also forms the terminus of the 16.8 km private Kōnan Railway Kōnan Line to .
Limited express trains.
Hirosaki Station is served by the following limited express train services.
Station layout.
Hirosaki Station is an elevated station. The JR portion has a single side platform and an island platform, serving three tracks, and the Kōnan Railway has a bay platform serving another two tracks. The station has a JR East "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office and View Plaza travel agency.
History.
Hirosaki Station opened on December 1, 1894. On September 7, 1927, the Konan Railway also began operations at Hirosaki Station. The station building was again reconstructed in 1981 to incorporate a shopping center. With the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the operational control of JR East. A new station building was completed in December 2004.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2012, the JR East station was used by an average of 4,489　passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The Konan Railway station was used by an average of 2,851 passengers daily in fiscal 2011. The JR East passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="2865802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865802" title="Longs Drugs">
Longs Drugs

Longs Drugs is an American chain with approximately 40 drug stores throughout the state of Hawaii. Before being acquired by CVS Caremark in 2008, it was a chain of over 500 stores, located primarily on the West Coast of the United States. They had stores located in California, Hawaii, Nevada, Arizona, Alaska, Colorado, Oregon, and Washington, and was headquartered in Walnut Creek, California.
History.
The first store owned by the Long family was in Covelo, California.
Acquisition.
On August 12, 2008, Longs Drugs announced that they were being acquired by CVS Caremark, the operator of the national CVS/pharmacy chain of drugstores. CVS bought the 521 Longs locations to expand its presence on the West Coast, primarily in California. The acquisition also included access to the Hawaii market. CVS made its first major entry into California with its 2006 acquisition of Southern California based Sav-On Drugs. CVS Caremark paid a total of US$2.54 billion to acquire all outstanding shares of Longs Drugs, and hopes to save upwards of $100 million in 2009 and $140–$150 million in 2010 in expenses from synergies attained from the business combination.
On September 12, 2008 the Walgreen Co. stepped in with an offer representing a $3.50 per share premium over the cash purchase price offered by CVS. However, Walgreens dropped their offer on October 8, allowing CVS' deal to progress. On October 29, CVS had secured 78.07% of Longs shares, and Longs was merged into CVS the next day on October 30.
Longs in popular culture.
Although a California-based company, Longs had maintained stores in Hawaii long enough to become a local establishment. Its first Hawaii store, in downtown Honolulu, opened March 29, 1954. In 2005, Honolulu Advertiser columnist Lee Cataluna published a short-story collection, "Folks You Meet in Longs, and Other Stories". It is based on Cataluna's eponymous play which premiered August 2003 at Kumu Kahua Theater.
According to the San Francisco Chronicle, CVS will retain the Longs Drugs name in the Hawaii stores "because of its high name recognition and the geographical separation." Before the merger, CVS had no full-service stores in Northern California or Hawaii.
Hawaii expansion.
In an effort to combat Walgreens expansion in Hawaii, CVS began a statewide expansion, with many new locations within a mile of an existing Longs Drugs. The following stores have recently, or will open within the next year.
Ewa Beach II <br>
Pearl City II (Manana)<br>
Moiliili (relocation of current store)<br>
Mililani III (Mililani Mauka)<br>
Pahoa<br>
Upcountry Maui(Pukalani) 
Haleiwa<br>
Waimea (Big Island)<br>
Waianae II(Nanakuli)<br>
Wailuku II<br>
Makiki<br>
Hauula

</doc>
<doc id="2865804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865804" title="Pork and beans">
Pork and beans

Pork and beans is a culinary dish that uses beans and pork as its main ingredients. Numerous variations exist, usually with a more specific name, from Fabada Asturiana to Olla podrida, to American canned pork and beans.
American canned pork and beans.
Although the time and place of the dish's invention is unclear, it was well established in the American diet by the mid-19th century. The 1832 cookbook "The American Frugal Housewife" lists only three ingredients for this dish: a quart of beans, a pound of salt pork, and pepper. According to the 1975 "Better Homes and Garden Heritage Cookbook", canned pork and beans was the first convenience food.
Commercially canned pork and beans were introduced in the United States during the 1880s. The dish is "an American canned classic, is recognized by American consumers generally as an article of commerce that contains very little pork." This is due to the high fat content of the salt pork traditionally used for the last 180 years in American pork and beans, which often renders into solution when sufficiently heated.
The recipe for American commercially canned pork and beans varies slightly from company to company, but generally consists of rehydrated navy beans packed in tomato sauce (usually made from concentrate and which may incorporate starch, sugar, salt and seasoning) with small chunks of salted pork or rendered pork fat. The ingredients are cooked and packed into hermetically sealed containers and processed by heat to assure preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="2865806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865806" title="Great Seal of France">
Great Seal of France

The Great Seal of France () is the official seal of the French Republic.
Description.
The Great Seal features Liberty personified as a seated Juno wearing a crown with seven arches. She holds a fasces and is supported by a ship's tiller with a cock carved or printed on it. At her feet is a vase with the letters "SU" (""Suffrage Universel"", "Universal suffrage"). At her right, in the background, are symbols of the arts (painter's tools), architecture (Ionic order), education (burning lamp), agriculture (a sheaf of wheat) and industry (a cog wheel). The scene is surrounded by the legend "RÉPUBLIQUE FRANÇAISE, DÉMOCRATIQUE, UNE ET INDIVISIBLE" ("French Republic, democratic, one and undividable") and "24 FEV.1848" (24 February 1848) at the bottom.
The reverse bears the words "AU NOM DU PEUPLE FRANÇAIS" ("in the name of the French people") surrounded by a crown of oak (symbol of perenity) and laurel (symbol of glory) leaves tied together with weed and grapes (agriculture and wealth), with the circular national motto "LIBERTÉ, ÉGALITÉ, FRATERNITÉ".
History.
Pre-Revolution.
The first seals were created by the Merovingian kings to authenticate their orders. Merely rings originally, later worn on a necklace, the royal seals grew bigger and bigger under the House of Capet to reach around 12 centimetres. These are the modern dimensions of the seal.
All the seals under the Ancien Régime featured the king sitting on this throne and giving justice, yet every king had his own personal seal, a unique item which passed with him. All edicts, orders, decrees and declarations were then sealed.
Revolutionary Period.
On August 10, 1792, representatives of the National Convention executed King Louis XVI. This act of regicide demonstrated that “the Convention had irreversibly ruled out any compromise with the Revolution’s opponents.” With the absence of the king, the French Republic sought a new national symbol. It was from these tumultuous times that the French symbol of Marianne emerged.
The French Revolution not only challenged the political authority of the Old Regime led by the monarchy; it also challenged the traditional symbols that had thus far defined the French people. Anthropologists have argued that every society needs a “center” which includes social and political mapping that gives the people a sense of their place. In the traditional model of authority, “the king was the sacred center and culture was firmly fixed in the longstanding notions of a catholic hierarchical order.” By decentering this frame of traditional authority while overthrowing the monarchy, revolutionaries realized that the cultural framework of the past could not be carried into the future, and that the use of the king as the insignia of the seal had to be replaced with a new seal signifying the Republic. Revolutionaries began iconoclastically destroying tangible reminders of the Old Regime, such as breaking the seals of royalty, the scepter and the crown and melting them into republican coins. 
The abolition of royalty, however, led to questions about the importance of having a unified symbol. In the beginning, seals were only used to compensate for the imperfection of writing. Yet as Henri Grégoire argued, civilized people found that “a sign, a type, was necessary to give character to authenticity” to all public acts. The nation would only be recognizable by its public symbolic representation, and hence it was agreed that a new seal of state would be created to give the new republic a sense of permanence. The seal was not only a representation of public authority, but it signified the new republican mold. As Lynn Hunt puts it, “new symbols could make new men.” The French Revolution stood for the notion that members of a society could invent culture and politics for themselves. 
As the National Convention worked to unify the Republic after the fall of the monarchy, the process to declare a national symbol became more urgent. In the end, “the choice of a new insignia seemed almost automatic.” In order to dispel all traces of monarchical influence, the members of the National Convention “proposed the choice of Liberty.” The choice was a clear one and deputies of the Convention like Abbe Grégoire proposed that the Republic’s image should be “Liberty, ‘so that our emblem, circulating all over the globe, should present to all peoples the beloved image of Republican liberty and pride.’” This notion of Liberty is, in a sense, “the very essence of the Republic.” 
Liberty was officially represented by the female figure of Marianne, which adheres to traditional iconographic expectations. The Phrygian cap worn by this figure of liberty was representative of the inherent freedom of the French people and provided a sharp contrast to the crown of the monarchy. According to Maurice Agulhon, an expert on this particular symbol of the French Revolution, Marianne “represented both Liberty, an eternal value, and at the same time the newly constituted regime of the French Republic.” She was depicted as “a woman holding a stave surmounted by a cap and trampling a yoke underfoot; this is the emblem that the ancients gave to Liberty won through valor.” The feminine civic allegory of Marianne was distant from the controversial personalities of National Convention; therefore, Marianne’s “abstraction and impersonality” allowed the symbol to endure the different phases of the Revolution. In addition, Marianne’s close resemblance to the Catholic figure of Mary created unity between the rational revolutionaries and the devout peasantry. The emblem of Marianne was not only widely accepted, but also widely diffused in France. However, as the Revolution radicalized in 1793 with the rise of the Committee on Public Safety, the emblem of Marianne was replaced by a far more formidable symbol of the Revolution: Jacques-Louis David’s statue of Hercules.
Post-Revolution.
Napoléon, Louis XVIII and Charles X all took back the seal of majesty, Louis-Philippe showing only his bust.
The present seal dates back to the Second Republic, which briefly used the seals of the First Republic before having a new design made by the artist Jacques-Jean Barre on the 8 September 1848.
Usage.
Under the Second Republic, usage of the Great Seal of France tended to be reduced to sealing laws, decrees of the National Assembly and diplomatic treaties. The function of Keeper of the seals was officially linked to that of Minister of Justice at that time (the French Minister of Justice is popularly referred to ""Le Garde des Sceaux"").
After the Second Empire, the practice of applying seals to laws was gradually abandoned and restricted to constitutional acts and diplomatic treaties (for instance, the Treaty of Versailles was sealed in this way).
Under the Fourth Republic, the only document to be sealed was the Constitution of the 27 October 1946.
Since the Fifth Republic, after sealing the Constitution of the 4 October 1958, it became common practice to seal some constitutional modifications. Used in 1946, and twice at the beginning of the Fifth Republic, the sealing ceremonies became much less common from 1963 to 1991 period when only two laws - ordinary, but of great symbolic importance - were sealed. Since 1992, the pace of ceremonies has increased again: the constitutional changes since then were often the subject of a seal.
The date of the ceremony was very close to the date of passage of the law until 1964. It was subsequently clearly separated from the vote and publication of the text. An extreme case consists in the Constitutional Law nr. 99-569 of July 8, 1999 on equality between women and men, sealed March 8, 2002, two and a half years after the entry into force of the law.
Sealing ceremonies are always held at the "Chancellerie" where the Keeper of the Seals, the Minister of Justice, holds a sealing press affixed to a best and the unique matrices of the Seal of the State. Since the 2012 election, this role is carried out by Christiane Taubira of the Parti Socialiste.
Sealing documents.
Sealing wax.
Originally, sealers used a plastic sealing wax which they shaped by hand into generally circular pieces which were definitely shaped by a press.
Nowadays, a liquid wax is fed directly into the inferior part of a shape made of a stamp and a mobile metallic ring; the shape is closed and the wax cools down until it becomes pasty before it is applied.
Usage of the Great Seal having become obsolete between 1920 and 1946, the recipe for the wax was lost. In 1946, trials had to be made by the Sigillographic service of the National Archives.
Colour.
The "Ancien Régime" used a green wax for important documents, and a yellow for less important ones.
The Restoration, the July Monarchy and the Third Republic kept the yellow wax, while the First Republic, the Consulate and the Empire used a red wax.
The Constitution of 1946 has taken back the red colour. The Constitution of 1958 and subsequent documents were sealed with yellow wax, until 2002 when the color turned to be green again.
Ribbons.
The Empire sealed on wide yellow and blue silk ribbons; the Republic and the Consulate, on a tricolour braid.
The Third Republic used the same red and green ribbon as the Monarchy. Since 1946 (the Fourth and Fifth Republics), a tricolour ribbon is in use.
Bibliography.
Agulhon, Maurice. "Marianne into Battle: Republican Imagery and Symbolism in France 1789-1880". Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1981.
Bourgin (Georges), "Introduction à l’état sommaire des versements faits aux archives nationales par les ministères et les administrations qui en dépendent (série BB Justice)", t. IV, lxxxxiii pages, Paris, Didier, 1947.
"Les constitutions de la France, 1791-1992. Exposition réalisée par le Ministère de la Justice et l’association « Expo 200 »," Paris, 6 novembre-31 décembre 1992.
Durand-Barthez (Pascal), "Histoire des structures du Ministère de la Justice, 1789-1945," Paris, Presses universitaires de France, 1973, 92 p. : 35-36.
Durand-Barthez (Pascal), "Qu’est-ce que le Sceau de France", "Histoire pour tous," n° 22, February 1962.
Guillaume (Marc), "Le Sceau de France, titre nobiliaire et changement de nom", paper delivered at the Académie des sciences morales et politiques, www.asmp.fr.
Hunt, Lynn. "Politics, Culture, and Class in the French Revolution". Berkeley: University of California Press, 1984.
Monnerie (Michel), "Sceller avec le grand Sceau de l’État. Mode d’emploi", Histoire de la Justice, 7, 1994, p. 199-207.
Nave (Guilhem), "Les textes constitutionnels de 1791 à 1995. Analyse technique des documents," Unpublished report, October 1996, 27 p. be consulted at the French Archives nationales.
Nielen-Vandevoorde (Marie-Adélaïde), "Le sceau de la 5e République", "Revue de l’AMOPA", 161, July 2003, p. 27 à 29.
Popkin, Jeremy D. "A Short History of the French Revolution". Boston: Prentice Hall, 2010.
Rouvier (Louis), "Les Sceaux de la Grande Chancellerie de France de 458 à nos jours", Marseille, imprimerie de la société du Petit Marseillais, 1935, 94 p. : 83-84. the great and the little seals of the third Republic.
Rouvier (Louis), "La Chancellerie et les Sceaux de France," Marseille, Imprimerie marseillaise-Moullot, 1950, 181 p. : p. 87-89.
Vallet (J.), "Le Sceau de France", "La Vie judiciaire," August, 14-20 1977, p. 5.
Yvorel (Jean-Jacques), " 'Déritualisation' et désacralisation de l’audience du sceau (XVIIIe-XIXe siècles)", "Le sanglot judiciaire, la désacralisation de la justice, VIIIe-XXe siècles, Séminaire de Royaumont sous la direction de Frédéric Chauvaud", Créaphis, 1999, p. 209-224.
Suggested Further Reading.
Agulhon, Maurice. "Marianne into Battle: Republican Imagery and Symbolism in France, 1789-1880". Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1981.
Kafker, Frank A., and James Michael Laux. "The French Revolution: Conflicting Interpretations". New York: Random House, 1968.
Ozouf, Mona. "Festivals and the French Revolution". Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press, 1988.
Popkin, Jeremy D. "A Short History of the French Revolution". 2nd ed. Upper Saddle River, N.J.: Prentice Hall, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2865810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865810" title="Liberty High School (Carroll County, Maryland)">
Liberty High School (Carroll County, Maryland)

"For schools with similar names, see Liberty High School (disambiguation)."
Liberty High School (LHS) is a four-year public high school in Eldersburg in Carroll County, Maryland, United States at 5855 Bartholow Road. The current principal of the school is Thomas Clowes.
About the School.
Liberty High School was established in 1980 in Eldersburg, Maryland as part of the Carroll County Public School system.
The school's first graduation ceremony was held in 1982. Since that time, 32 classes have graduated from Liberty High School.
Liberty follows a class schedule different from that followed in the rest of the county. Each class meets every other day (every pre-determined "A" or "B" day), with four class periods each day. Thus, it takes a student two days to attend every one of their classes. Because of this schedule, 1 credit courses are often held the entire school year every other day, or all day for one semester. Courses worth .5 credit are held during 1 semester, every other day. Some courses, such as Advanced AP Calculus, meet on both "A" and "B" days during the entire year, and thus are worth 2 credits. 
As of June 2014, Liberty High School is ranked 59th in Maryland in administering Advanced Placement (AP) and International Baccalaureate (IB) tests to students. Liberty High School's mascot is a lion. It is represented as an African lion; in comparison, Penn State College’s mascot, the Nittany Lions, is shown as a mountain lion, a species native to the United States. The school’s colors are the complementary colors blue and gold, or more accurately blue and yellow. The school motto is ""Strive for Excellence"".
Students.
Liberty High School enrolls 1,160 students as of the 2013-2014 school year.
Faculty.
Liberty High School currently has a faculty of 132 teachers and staff. Liberty's staff includes teachers that have worked at the school since its founding in 1980, and several teachers and staff that are graduates of the school.
Extracurricular activities.
Liberty High School has a very wide range extracurricular activities and sports. Students are allowed to join as many clubs and sports as they wish, however are only permitted to be President (or equivalent) of a single club. Each club is sponsored by a member of the faculty who advises the club and helps direct its activities. Liberty High School is no longer the only school in Carroll County to host a robotics team, but has had the longest running robotics team in the county, since 2007.
Robotics.
"FIRST" (FRC) Team 2199, the Robo-Lions, is a student run team that was originally founded as a Liberty High School sports team in the fall of 2006 following the collapse of the county wide team, 1464. However, the current relationship between the school and the team is a loose affiliation, with no legal ties. Although the team was originally made up exclusively of Liberty students, it is now open for membership from anyone living in Carroll County, Maryland. Currently, the team works in the garage of a team member due to a lack of space at the school. The size of the team has fluctuated between 15 and 25 since its creation.
Affiliations.
In 2011, parents and teachers formed the non-profit PIE3 to fund robotics programs throughout Carroll County.
In 2012, the Robo-Lions became a member of the Freedom Area Recreation Council.
Currently, the team is working with Carroll County Public Schools to create a legal partnership with the school district.
Public Outreach.
The team focuses not only on the robot, but also on public outreach to promote the growth of STEM in Carroll County. Currently, the team is mentoring 6 elementary and middle school age (FLL) robotics teams, and the Robo-Lions have run the regional FLL Regional Competition, the Roar of the Robots, for the past 4 years. Additionally, team members also volunteer at competitions for FLL, FTC, and FRC.
In 2012, the Robot-Lions started a summer Lego Fun Camp; students age 7-11 learn to work with the FLL technology to complete basic tasks, as well as engaging in other engineering related activities and crafts. Initially the team only offered one session, however in 2013 (their second year running the camp) the team expanded the sessions offered to 3 due to popular demand. The team also offers a mentor training session for parents and teachers interested in mentoring FLL teams.
Public outreach also extends to community events, such as elementary and middle school science fairs, public library events, craft fairs, the American Cancer Society's Freedom Area Relay for Life, and events coordinated through the Freedom Area Recreation Council.
Additionally, the team works with Liberty High School clubs and organizations, including the drama club and the special education classroom, Learning for Independence. In 2010 the team built a robotic lamp post for the drama club's production of The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe; in 2011, the team constructed a robotic crocodile for the drama club's production of Peter Pan (the robot won a Cappie for best prop).
The Robo-Lions have also been featured on Fox 45 News, twice.
Drama.
The Liberty High School drama club has won many accolades in theatre. Their drama department has attended the Cappies gala three years and has won 22 awards over those three years, including "Best Play"—twice. (The Cappies gala is similar to the Tony Awards, but for high school theatre). Their performances have become increasingly large and elaborate as the program gains steam within the school. Their spring 2012 play involved at least 140 students in the cast, the crew, and the publicity staff.
Liberty ITS.
Liberty's drama program is also involved with the International Thespian Society. Liberty's troop (#984) has participated for 4 years. Their debut show in 2010 was "Conflict," and though met with strong audience support, the judges deemed it to be too comedic to send on to the final rounds. The next year, they took the alumna written "Looking the Other Way" to the stage. It was positively received and ranked runner-up. For their third year, they took the play "War Letters" and brought home a state victory and a rating of Superior, allowing them to attend the national competition in Lincoln, Nebraska. Two students were also selected to compete individually after earning rankings of Superior in their individual events. In the 2013 competition, Liberty once again claimed a state victory with the show "And." As of January 13, 2013, there are 7 students attending for individual events.
Marching Band.
The Liberty High School "Lion's Pride" Marching Band is directed by the school's band teacher. The Marching Band also has 6 other staff members, including color guard, battery, marching, and front ensemble directors. The Lion's Pride marching band is highly decorated, and has consistently scored in the top 15 marching bands on the Atlantic coast since their present band director has joined. In the past years of 2012 and 2013, the marching band has scored in the top five on the Atlantic coast. The Lion's Pride marching band is currently an open class band and first in its region, Chapter 5, of the ACC tournament area. Liberty’s primary competition circuit is the Tournament of Bands.
References.
http://projects.washingtonpost.com/challengeindex/local/
http://www.carrollk12.org/about/news/release/388

</doc>
<doc id="2865813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865813" title="1822 in art">
1822 in art


</doc>
<doc id="2865831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865831" title="Richard Wainwright">
Richard Wainwright

Richard Wainwright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865841" title="Employees' Provident Fund Organisation of India">
Employees' Provident Fund Organisation of India

The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (Hindi: कर्मचारी भविष्य निधि संगठन), abbreviated to EPFO, is a statutory body of the Government of India under the Ministry of Labour and Employment. It administers a compulsory contributory Provident Fund Scheme, Pension Scheme and an Insurance Scheme. It is one of the largest social security organisations in the India in terms of the number of covered beneficiaries and the volume of financial transactions undertaken. The EPFO's apex decision making body is the Central Board of Trustees (CBT).
The total assets under management at more than 5 lakh crore (US$91 billion) as of 1 May 2013.
Mission.
"To extend the reach and Quality of publicly managed old-age Income security programs through consistent and ever-improving standards of compliance and benefit delivery in a manner that wins the approval and confidence of members in our methods, fairness, honesty and integrity, thereby contributing to the economic and social well-being of members".
Legal basis.
The Employees' Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 came into effect on 4 March 1952. The organisation is administered by a Central Board of Trustees, composed of representatives of the Government of India, provincial governments, employers and employees. The board is chaired by the Union Labour Minister of India. The Chief Executive of the EPFO, the Central Provident Fund Commissioner, reports to the Union Labour Minister through the Permanent Secretary in the ministry. The headquarters of the organisation is in New Delhi.
The Constitution of India under "Directive Principles of State Policy" provides that the State shall within the limits of its economic capacity make effective provision for securing the right to work, to education and to public assistance in cases of unemployment, old-age, sickness & disablement and undeserved want. The EPF & MP Act, 1952 was enacted by the Parliament of India and came into force with effect from 4 March 1952 as part of a series of legislative interventions made in this direction. Presently, the following three schemes are in operation under the Act:
Appeals.
The orders of the Department can be appealed to Employees' Provident Fund Appellate Tribunal at New Delhi. The Tribunal is located at Scope Tower, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi and is presided by Presiding Officer who is a member of Judicial Service and by a Registrar who is deputed from the otther central government cadres.
Structure.
The EPFO has the dual role of being the enforcement agency to oversee the implementation of the EPF& MP Act and as a service provider for the covered beneficiaries throughout the country. To this end, the Commissioners of the Organisation are vested with vast powers under the statute conferring quasi- judicial authority for search and seizure of records, assessment of financial liability on the employer, levy of damages, attachment and auction of a defaulter's property, prosecution and arrest and detention in civil prison.
Administratively, the organisation is organised into zones which are headed by an Additional Central Provident Fund Commissioner for each of the political states in the country. The states have either one or more than one Regional Offices headed by Regional P.F. Commissioners (Grade I) which are further sub- divided into Sub-Regions headed by Regional P.F. Commissioners (Grade II). To assist them are Assistant P.F. Commissioners. Most of the districts in the country have small district offices where an Enforcement Officer is stationed to inspect the local establishments and attend to grievances.
The total manpower of the EPFO is at present more than 20000 including all levels. The Commissioner cadre numbering 815 are recruited directly, competitively, through the Union Public Service Commission of India as well as through promotion from lower ranks. Subordinate Officers (Enforcement Officers/Accounts Officers) are also recruited directly in addition to promotion from the staff cadre of social security assistants.
Online PF transfer and withdrawal.
The EPFO announced an online withdrawal and transfer provision for employee's provident fund (EPF) from 1 July 2013, with the aim to settle claims faster. EPFO set up a central clearance house, which was operational from July 1. The earlier procedure for transfer or withdrawal of EPF involved the submission of a physical application while changing a job. This would be lost in the system and could not be tracked to know the status. Online withdrawal and transfer of EPF aims to make the process smoother and efficient. A central clearance facility ensures speedy execution of transfers and withdrawals and subscribers can now track the status of their application online.
Verification of the details of the PF account from the previous employers will be on the EPFO henceforth, unlike the previous scenario where employees needed to get their applications verified from the employer for claim settlement. Subscribers are now assigned a permanent EPF account number, which will be used to track their application and process their transfer, withdrawal and claim request.

</doc>
<doc id="2865843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865843" title="Petrarca">
Petrarca

Petrarca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865848" title="Michael Brunson">
Michael Brunson

Michael Brunson OBE (born 12 August 1940 in Norwich) is a British broadcasting political journalist of over thirty years' standing. He is a former Political Editor, Diplomatic Editor and Washington Correspondent of Independent Television News, and an occasional ITN newscaster.
Early life.
Brunson was born on 12 August 1940 in the city of Norwich in Norfolk.
Education.
Brunson was educated at Bedford School, a boarding independent school for boys, in the county town of Bedford in Bedfordshire, and read Theology at The Queen's College at the University of Oxford.
Life and career.
Brunson began his broadcasting career at the BBC. He joined ITN in 1968 and in 1971 covered the Bangladesh Liberation War and wrote a testimony about the death, starvation and suffering of refugees in West Bengal.
In 1973, Brunson became ITN Washington Correspondent, where he remained until 1977, covering Watergate and the 1976 US Presidential election between Jimmy Carter and Gerald Ford. He was ITN Diplomatic Editor from 1978-1986, attending every major international summit meeting.
In 1986, Brunson became ITN Political Editor, a role for which he is perhaps best known, and as an occasional ITN newscaster on the-then and News at Ten.
Brunson retired from ITN in March 2000 after 32 years' service with ITN. Since then, he has regularly appeared as a political commentator on Sky News, GMTV and elsewhere. He was appointed OBE in 2000 and lives in Letheringsett in Norfolk.
Brunson's autobiography, "A Ringside Seat", was published in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2865849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865849" title="Cairn O' Mounth">
Cairn O' Mounth

Cairn O' Mounth/Cairn O' Mount () is a high mountain pass in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The place name is a survival of the ancient name for what are now the Grampian Mountains, earlier called "the Mounth" (in Gaelic: "monadh", meaning "mountains"). The name change happened from circa 1520 AD. The Ordnance Survey shows the name as "Cairn o' Mount".
It has served as an ancient military route at least from Roman times through the 13th century AD. The alignment of the Cairnamounth, Elsick Mounth and Causey Mounth ancient trackways had a strong influence on the medieval siting of many fortifications and other settlements in the area comprised by present day Aberdeenshire on both sides of the River Dee. 
Geography.
Cairn O' Mounth is at 1488 feet (454 m) above mean sea level, and there are various commanding views of the surrounding landscape which extend as far as the North Sea.
Before the modern A90 road was constructed, the pass served as one of the eight major crossing points for those travelling over the Grampians to Deeside and into Northern Scotland; this entire crossing trackway is historically known as the "Cairnamounth". Deriving from this theory, a small village grew up in the pass. The high granite tor of Clachnaben overlooks the road (now called the B974 road) through the pass. The Scottish Tourist Board describes the modern B974 as an "adventurous" road, and it is often impassable due to snow or flooding in winter. In the summer fatalities are commonly reported in the press.
History.
In the 11th century AD, Mac Bethad (commonly known as Macbeth) survived the original English invasion, for he was defeated and mortally wounded or killed by Máel Coluim mac Donnchada on the north side of the Mounth in 1057, after retreating with his men over the Cairnamounth Pass to take his last stand at the battle at Lumphanan. The "Prophecy of Berchán" has it that he was wounded and died at Scone, sixty miles to the south, some days later. Mac Bethad's stepson Lulach mac Gille Coemgáin was installed as king soon after.
The Cairn O'Mounth pass was used by Edward I's English army in 1296 AD, en route back to England. It was also used twice by Viscount Dundee's army during the first Jacobite rising of 1689. The route over the pass is probably prehistoric: there is a cairn in the pass that has been dated to approximately 2000 BC. It is possible that this cairn is the one named in the name of Cairn O'Mounth.

</doc>
<doc id="2865860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865860" title="BM-21 Grad">
BM-21 Grad

The BM-21 launch vehicle (), (Grad) a Soviet truck-mounted 122 mm multiple rocket launcher, and a M-21OF rocket were developed in the early 1960s. "BM" stands for "boyevaya mashina" (combat vehicle), and the nickname means "hail". The complete system with the BM-21 launch vehicle and the M-21OF rocket is designated as the M-21 Field Rocket System. The complete system is more commonly known as a Grad multiple rocket launcher system. In NATO countries, the system (either the complete system or the launch vehicle only) was initially known as M1964. Several other countries have copied it or developed similar systems.
Description.
The M-21 Field Rocket Systems with a BM-21 launch vehicle (122 mm multiple rocket launcher (MRL) system entered service with the Soviet Army in 1963 to replace the ageing 140 mm BM-14 system. The launch vehicle consists of a Ural-375D six-by-six truck chassis fitted with a bank of 40 launch tubes arranged in a rectangular shape that can be turned away from the unprotected cab. The vehicle is powered by a water-cooled V-8 180 hp gasoline engine, has a maximum road speed of , road range of up to , and can cross fords up to deep. The original vehicle together with supporting equipment (including the re-supply truck 9T254 with 60 rockets) is referred to by the GRAU index 9K51; the launcher itself has the industrial index of 2B5. In 1976, the BM-21 was mounted on the newer Ural-4320 six-by-six army truck.
The three-man crew can emplace the system and have it ready to fire in three minutes. The crew can fire the rockets from the cab or from a trigger at the end of a cable. All 40 rockets can be away in as little as 20 seconds, but can also be fired individually or in small groups in several-second intervals. A PG-1M panoramic telescope with K-1 collimator can be used for sighting. The BM-21 can be packed up and ready to move in two minutes, which can be necessary when engaged by counter-battery fire. Reloading is done manually and takes about 10 minutes.
Each rocket is slowly spun by rifling in its tube as it exits, which along with its primary fin stabilization keeps it on course. Rockets armed with high explosive/fragmentation, incendiary, or chemical warheads can be fired . Newer high explosive and cargo (used to deliver anti-personnel or antitank mines) rockets have a range of and more. Warheads weigh around , depending on the type.
The number of rockets that each vehicle is able to quickly bring to bear on an enemy target makes it effective, especially at shorter ranges. One battalion of eighteen launchers is able to deliver 720 rockets in a single volley. The system has lower precision than classical artillery and cannot be used in situations that call for pinpoint precision. It relies on a large number of shells dissipating over an area for a certain hit rate on specific targets. Nonetheless, because of the short warning time for the impact of the whole volley, the BM-21 is still considered a fearsome weapon today.
Variants.
Soviet Union.
Adaptations of the launcher were/are produced by several countries including China, Czechoslovakia, Egypt, Iran, North Korea, Poland and Romania.
Egypt.
The Egyptians domestically manufacture the rockets Sakr-18 and Sakr-36, with a respective range of and , and the latest Sakr-45 with a superior range of . Rather than a standard HE-Frag round, the Egyptian military prefers a cluster munition, which can be extremely effective against lightly armored equipment and troop concentrations. Both rockets, as well as the original Soviet models of course, are fired by locally manufactured rocket launchers like the RL-21 (copy of BM-11) and RC-21 (copy of BM-21, similar to the Hadid HM20). The Helwan Machine Tools Company also produces portable systems with one, three, four and eight launch tubes.
Gaza Strip.
Since 2006 Hamas has fired 122mm Grad rockets, copies made in Iran, and Eastern-bloc versions modified to expand their range and lethality, into Israel. The rockets were believed to be smuggled into the Gaza Strip via tunnels from Egypt. Some of the rockets were of a Chinese Grad variant. Hamas sources said they were pleased by the performance of the Chinese variants of the BM-21 Grad rocket, which demonstrated a far greater range and blast impact than Palestinian-made rockets, as well as Russian-origin Grads or Katyushas.
On 28 February 2008 at least ten 122mm Grad rockets hit the coastal city of Ashkelon. In other incidents, longer range rockets were used, with twice the range of the BM-21 Grad. These longer range rockets were erroneously reported by the media to be also Grad rockets.
In the 2010 attacks on Eilat and Aqaba, nine standard 122mm Grad rockets were used. For the most part, rockets are smuggled into the Gaza Strip through the network of tunnels between the Strip and Egypt.
On 23 February 2011 at least two 122mm Grad rockets were fired at Beersheba hitting and severely damaging a house in a residential area. On 23 March 2011 another two Grad rockets were fired at Beersheba, seriously injuring a civilian.
During the first week of April 2011, Israeli defense forces intercepted and destroyed several Grad rockets fired from Gaza near Ashkelon in southern Israel, using a newly deployed anti-missile system called Iron Dome.
On Saturday August 20, 2011, over 24 Grad rockets were fired from the Gaza Strip towards Israel, landing in Beersheba and Ashdod and killing 1 Israeli. Hamas has claimed responsibility for these attacks.
On Saturday October 29, 2011, the Islamic Jihad fired eight Grad rockets towards Ashdod, Gan Yavne, and west of Be'er Sheva wounding one person and causing light wounds to two more, just hours after Israel Defense Forces soldiers killed Ahmed al-Sheikh Khalil, a commander of the Islamic Jihad and four of its munitions experts. They allegedly were responsible for firing one additional Grad rocket towards Ashdod the previous Wednesday., in response to attacks from the Israeli Air Force towards a militant squad that was preparing to launch rockets, earlier in the month.
Hamas have used small man-portable single-tube launchers for rockets in attacks against Israel, designated 122 mm 9P132/BM-21-P. The 122 mm Grad rockets used in Gaza have a range of about , and can reach the Israeli towns of Ashdod, Beer-Sheva, Ofakim, Gedera, Kiryat Gat, Ashqelon, Sderot, Rehovot, Kiryat Malachi and Gan Yavne.
The Islamic Jihad also published a clip claiming device mounted used as a multi-barrel rocket launcher on vehicle used for first time in Gaza
Ethiopia.
The Homicho Ammunition Engineering Complex produces the rockets while the Bishoftu Motorization Engineering Complex produces the launching tubes and has converted existing trucks to diesel engine. Bishoftu motorization has also produced a six tube launcher to be mounted on light trucks.
Iran.
D.I.O. from Iran produces copies of the BM-11 and BM-21 systems that can fire the original Soviet rockets as well as the locally developed "Arash" with a range of . There is also a rocket with a range of .
Projectiles.
Also Incendiary, Chemical, Illumination, Antipersonnel mines.
Operators.
Three abandoned BM-21 rocket launchers were found by French forces during Operation Serval. They were probably taken by Mali Rebels from Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="2865862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865862" title="HD 38529">
HD 38529

HD 38529 (138 G. Orionis) is a binary star approximately 128 light-years away in the constellation of Orion.
HD 38529 A.
HD 38529 A is a yellow subgiant star, which has also been classified as a main sequence dwarf of spectral type G4V. It is about 40% more massive than our Sun. Two substellar companions are known in orbit around this star, including one with a mass above the deuterium fusion limit that is often used as the dividing line between giant planets and brown dwarfs. There is a debris disk located at least 86 astronomical units from the star.
Planetary system.
In 2002, the planet HD 38529 b was discovered orbiting the star HD 38529 A by Debra Fischer who used Doppler spectroscopy. It has mass 78% that of Jupiter and orbits very close to the star, just beyond the distance limit for hot Jupiters. One year later, a massive superjovian HD 38529 c was found orbiting at 3.68 AU with a minimum mass of 12.7 Jupiter masses. Astrometric measurements from the Hipparcos satellite gave a best fit inclination of 160° and a true mass 37 times that of Jupiter, turning this planet into a brown dwarf. Further study of the system using Hubble Space Telescope astrometry revised the mass of HD 38529 c downwards to 17.7 Jupiter masses and suggested the presence of an additional planet, orbiting in the gap between HD 38529 b and c. The possible third planet was refuted after additional radial velocity measurements were collected.
HD 38529 B.
HD 38529 B is a common proper motion stellar companion to HD 38529 A at a projected distance of about 12042 AU. The star is a red dwarf of spectral type M3.0V.

</doc>
<doc id="2865864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865864" title="List of unsolved problems in chemistry">
List of unsolved problems in chemistry

Unsolved problems in chemistry tend to be questions of the kind "Can we make "X" chemical compound?", "Can we analyse it?", "Can we purify it?" and are commonly solved rather quickly, but may just as well require considerable efforts to be solved. However, there are also some questions with deeper implications. This article tends to deal with the areas that are the center of new scientific research in chemistry. Problems in chemistry are considered unsolved when an expert in the field considers it unsolved or when several experts in the field disagree about a solution to a problem.

</doc>
<doc id="2865866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865866" title="Birkenhead North railway station">
Birkenhead North railway station

Birkenhead North railway station is situated in Birkenhead, Wirral, England. The station is situated on the Wirral Line of the Merseyrail network, close to the junction of the New Brighton and West Kirby branches. Birkenhead North TMD, situated just to the west of the station, is the main Traction Maintenance Depot for the Merseyrail fleet.
History.
The station was built by the Wirral Railway, replacing their earlier terminus at Wallasey Bridge Road (a short distance away) which had opened in 1866. It was originally known as "Birkenhead Docks" and opened on 1 April 1878. 
The station had three through platforms from prior to 1898, which it still retains to the present day. However, the outer face of the north side island platform sees little use apart from trains to and from Birkenhead North depot at the start and end of service. 
LMS Era.
The Wirral Railway subsequently became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, who renamed the station "Birkenhead North" in 1926. The line through Birkenhead North was electrified, using a 650v DC third rail system, and brought into passenger service on 14 March 1938, allowing through services from New Brighton to Liverpool Central via the Mersey Railway Tunnel. Services used the new LMS trains and the former Mersey Railway electric units. The Mersey Railway electric units operated through the station until 1957.
Wrexham diesel service.
From 4 January 1971 until 2 October 1978, the diesel service on the Bidston to Wrexham line, which had previously operated from New Brighton, was diverted to Birkenhead North. These trains terminated in the centre platform which had previously been used for Liverpool-bound services, and when one of the diesel trains was present (which in that timetable was much of the time), Liverpool-bound electric services used the outer north side of the island platform instead. The diesel service was cut back to Bidston from 2 October 1978. Regular use of the outer platform at Birkenhead North thereafter ceased.
Facilities.
The station has a booking office, and on-street parking, which has been upgraded and replaced with a "Park and Ride" facility, linked directly to the platform. The station is staffed, at all times during opening hours, and has platform CCTV. Each platform has open-air seating and live departure and arrival screens, for passenger information. There is a payphone available. The station provides a "Park and Ride" service. There are a further 266 car parking spaces, which are free to use for travellers, with lighting columns and CCTV to meet Merseytravel's "Travelsafe" requirements. As of 4 June 2014, there is step-free access to the platforms for passengers with wheelchairs or prams. Platform access has been modernised, with £3.38 million of investment in improved disabled access, to a similar standard as that at Hooton.
Services.
Trains operate every 15 minutes (Monday to Saturday daytime) to New Brighton and West Kirby and every 5–10 minutes via Hamilton Square to Liverpool. At other times, trains run every 30 minutes to New Brighton and West Kirby, and every 15 minutes to Liverpool. These services are all provided by Merseyrail's fleet of Class 507 and Class 508 EMUs.

</doc>
<doc id="2865870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865870" title="Kenichi Shinoda">
Kenichi Shinoda

, also known as , is a yakuza, the sixth and current "kumicho" (supreme Godfather) of the Yamaguchi-gumi, Japan's largest yakuza organization.
Career.
Shinoda was born in Ōita, Kyushu.
He began his yakuza career in 1962 when he joined the Hirota-gumi, a Nagoya-based Yamaguchi-gumi affiliate. Following the disbanding of the Hirota-gumi, he founded the Kodo-kai with Kiyoshi Takayama among others in 1984 as the successor to the Hirota-gumi.
Under Shinoda and his long-term partner Takayama, the Kodo-kai was a successful branch of the Yamaguchi-gumi, establishing branches in 18 prefectures—including expansion into the Kantō region, traditionally not Yamaguchi territory.
Shinoda took control of the 40,000-strong gang on July 29, 2005 after the retirement of previous don Yoshinori Watanabe. Under Shinoda, the Kobe-based Yamaguchi-gumi is expected to continue that expansion into Tokyo and Eastern Japan. According to both yakuza and police, this movement will inevitably create conflict between the Yamaguchi-gumi and the Kanto-Hatsukakai, a federation of Tokyo-based yakuza groups including the Inagawa-kai and the Sumiyoshi-kai.
Shinoda is the first Yamaguchi-gumi "kumicho" not to hail from the Kansai region. He also eschews the "supreme Godfather" image, in public at least: after his appointment as "kumicho", he insisted on taking the train to his induction ceremony instead of a chauffeured limousine. He also reportedly stopped in a street ramen noodle restaurant on the way to the lavish yakuza banquet arranged in his honor.
Arrests.
In the early 1970s, Shinoda was convicted of murdering a rival yakuza boss with a katana, and spent 13 years in prison. He was also involved, as the head of the Kodo-kai, in the Yamaguchi-gumi's numerous historic yakuza wars. Notably his achievements at the "Yama-Ichi War" in the late 1980s was a major reason for his entrance into the Yamaguchi-gumi's Kobe headquarters. 
On December 4, 2005, only four months after being named "kumicho", Shinoda began serving a six-year prison sentence for gun possession after the Japanese Supreme Court finally rejected his appeal of a 1997 conviction. In the 1997 case, one of his bodyguards was caught with an illegal pistol, and Shinoda was convicted of "conspiring" with the bodyguard. He was released just under eight months early on April 9, 2011.
U.S. sanctions in 2012.
In 2012 the Obama administration of the United States imposed sanctions on him as the leader of the Yamaguchi-gumi, along with his second-in-command Kiyoshi Takayama. The sanctions also targeted several individuals linked to three other transnational organized crime groups, the Brothers' Circle of Russia, the Camorra of Italy, and Los Zetas of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="2865873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865873" title="The Thin Red Line (novel)">
The Thin Red Line (novel)

The Thin Red Line is American author James Jones's fourth novel. It draws heavily on Jones's experiences at the Battle of Mount Austen, the Galloping Horse, and the Sea Horse during World War II's Guadalcanal campaign. The author served in the United States Army's 27th Infantry Regiment, 25th Infantry Division.
Novel.
"The Thin Red Line", originally published in September 1962, shares its central characters with Jones's other two World War II novels, though with their names necessarily altered, and examines their different reactions to combat. Jones had originally intended the central male characters of his previous war novel "From Here to Eternity" to appear in this work. But Jones remarked that "the dramatic structure—I might even say the spiritual content—of the first book demanded that Prewitt be killed at the end of it". Jones tackled the problem by changing the names of the three characters of the first novel, enabling them to appear in "The Thin Red Line". The character of Prewitt became Witt, Warden became Welsh and Stark became Storm.
The novel portrays battle realistically, including several particularly gruesome acts depicted as natural responses to the soldiers' environment, such as the disinterring of a Japanese corpse for fun, the summary execution of Japanese prisoners, and the extraction of their corpses' gold teeth. The novel explores the idea that modern war is an extremely personal and lonely experience in which each soldier suffers the emotional horrors of war by himself.
James Jones wrote his novel based on his personal experiences during the battle of the Galloping Horse, the Sea Horse, and Kokumbona which he renamed "The Dancing Elephant", "The Sea Slug", and "Bunabala". Of particular significance, Jones recounts his own experience killing a Japanese soldier with his bare hands.
The title comes from Rudyard Kipling's poem "Tommy", from the collection "Barrack-Room Ballads", in which Kipling describes foot soldiers as "the thin red line of 'eroes". Kipling's poem is based on the 1854 action of British soldiers during the Crimean War called The Thin Red Line (Battle of Balaclava).
Reception.
"Kirkus Reviews" praised the novel in 1962, commenting that the novel's "well-drawn battle narrative provides take-off points for dozens of character studies, and the author describes emotional responses to battle, fear, death, homosexuality, along with detached, ironic comments on army organization and the workings of fate, luck and circumstance".
Paul Christle, speaking at a 20th-century literature conference in 2002, said of the novel, ""The Thin Red Line" is the only novel of Jones's war quartet that actually deals with combat, and it pulls no punches in its treatment. Reviewers, critics and scholars have lauded it for its realism. Some, myself included, would place the novel in the domain of literary naturalism because the destinies of Jones's soldiers are determined by chance and by social, economic, psychological, and political forces beyond their control and, sometimes, even beyond their recognition".
British historian and military writer John Keegan nominated "The Thin Red Line" as, in his opinion, one of only two novels portraying Second World War combat that could be favorably compared to the best of the literature to arise from the First World War (the other was "Flesh Wounds" (1966) by British writer David Holbrook).
Film versions.
The novel has been adapted for cinema twice, first by Andrew Marton in 1964, then by Terrence Malick in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2865877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865877" title="Intel GMA">
Intel GMA

The Intel Graphics Media Accelerator, or GMA, is a series of integrated graphics processors introduced in 2004 by Intel, replacing the earlier Intel Extreme Graphics series and being succeeded by the Intel HD and Iris Graphics series.
This series targets the market of low-cost graphics solutions. The products in this series are integrated onto the motherboard, have limited graphics processing power, and use the computer's main memory for storage instead of a dedicated video memory. They are commonly found on netbooks, low-priced laptops and desktop computers, as well as business computers which do not need high levels of graphics capability. In early 2007, 90% of all PC motherboards sold had an integrated GPU.
History.
The GMA line of GPUs replaces the earlier Intel Extreme Graphics, and the Intel740 line, the latter of which was a discrete unit in the form of AGP and PCI cards with technology that evolved from companies Real3D and Lockheed Martin. Later, Intel integrated the i740 core into the Intel 810 chipset.
The original architecture of GMA systems supported only a few functions in hardware, and relied on the host CPU to handle at least some of the graphics pipeline, further decreasing performance. However, with the introduction of Intel's 4th generation of GMA architecture (GMA X3000) in 2006, many of the functions are now built into the hardware, providing an increase in performance. The 4th generation of GMA combines fixed function capabilities with a threaded array of programmable executions units, providing advantages to both graphics and video performance. Many of the advantages of the new GMA architecture come from the ability to flexibly switch as needed between executing graphics-related tasks or video-related tasks. While GMA performance has been widely criticized in the past as being too slow for computer games, the latest GMA generation should ease many of those concerns for the casual gamer.
Despite similarities, Intel's main series of GMA Integrated Graphics Processors (IGPs) is not based on the PowerVR technology Intel licensed from Imagination Technologies. Intel used the low-power PowerVR MBX designs in chipsets supporting their XScale platform, and since the sale of XScale in 2006 has licensed the PowerVR SGX and used it in the GMA 500 IGP for use with their Atom platform.
With the introduction of the Platform Controller Hub, the Graphics Media Accelerator series ceased, and the CPU-based Intel HD and Iris Graphics series was created.
Graphics cores.
Intel GPU based.
Generation three based.
GMA 900.
The GMA 900 was the first graphics core produced under Intel's "Graphics Media Accelerator" product name, and was incorporated in the Intel 910G, 915G, and 915Gx chipsets.
The 3D architecture of the GMA 900 was a significant upgrade from the previous "Extreme 3D" graphics processors. It is a 4 pixel per clock cycle design supporting DirectX 9 pixel shader model 2.0. It operates at a clock rate ranging from 160 to 333 MHz, depending on the particular chipset. At 333 MHz, it has a peak pixel fill-rate of 1332 megapixels per second. However, the architecture still lacks support for hardware transform and lighting and the similar vertex shader technologies.
Like previous Intel integrated graphics parts, the GMA 900 has hardware support for MPEG-2 motion compensation, color-space conversion and DirectDraw overlay.
The processor uses different separate clock generators for display and render cores. The display unit includes a 400 MHz RAMDAC, 2 25–200 Mpixel/s serial DVO ports, and 2 display controllers. In mobile chipsets, up to 2 18-bit 25–112 MHz LVDS transmitters are included.
GMA 950.
The GMA 950 was the second graphics core produced under Intel's "Graphics Media Accelerator" product name, and was incorporated in the Intel 945G chipsets.
The processor includes a 400 MHz 256-bit core, supporting up to 10.6GB/s memory bandwidth with DDR2-667 system RAM, up to 224MB max. video memory through DVMT scheme, 1.6GPixels/s and 1.6GTexels/s fill rate, a max. resolution of 2048x1536 for both analog and digital displays, 2 SDVO ports for flat-panels and/or TV-Out via ADD2 cards or media expansion cards.
3D-wise, GMA 950 supports up to 4pixels per clock rendering, Microsoft DirectX 9.0 hardware acceleration & Vertex shader 3.0 and OpenGL 1.4 with ARB extensions.
GMA 3000.
The 946GZ, Q965, and Q963 chipsets use the GMA 3000 chip. The GMA 3000 3D core is very different from the X3000, despite their similar names. It is based more directly on the previous generation GMA 900 and GMA 950 graphics, and belonging to the same "i915" family with them. It has pixel and vertex shaders which only support Shader Model 2.0b features, and the vertex shaders are still only software-emulated. In addition, hardware video acceleration such as hardware-based iDCT computation, ProcAmp (video stream independent color correction), and VC-1 decoding are not implemented in hardware. Of the GMA 3000-equipped chipsets, only the Q965 retains dual independent display support. The core speed is rated at 400 MHz with 1.6 Gpixel/s fill rate in datasheets, but was listed as 667 MHz core in the white paper.
The memory controller can now address a maximum of 256 MB of system memory, and the integrated serial DVO ports have increased top speed to 270Mpixel/s.
GMA 3100.
Integrated graphics found on G31 and G33 chipset motherboards.
Shader Model 3.0, support Pixel Shader 2.0 and doesn't support Vertex Shader with OpenGL 1.4 support.
GMA 3150.
Found in Intel Atom N4xx, N5xx (codenamed "Pineview") processors. Like GMA 3100 and GMA 3000, this is a very close relative of the GMA900/950, completely different from the GMA X3000 series.
Generation four based.
GMA X3000.
The GMA X3000 for desktop was "substantially redesigned" when compared to previous GMA iterations and it is used in the Intel G965 north bridge controller. The GMA X3000 was launched in July 2006. X3000's underlying 3D rendering hardware is organized as a unified shader processor consisting of 8 scalar execution units. Each pipeline can process video, vertex, or texture operations. A central scheduler dynamically dispatches threads to pipeline resources, to maximize rendering throughput (and decrease the impact of individual pipeline stalls.) However, due to the scalar nature of the execution units, they can only process data on a single pixel component at a time. The GMA X3000 supports DirectX 9.0 with vertex and pixel Shader Model 3.0 features.
The processor consists of different clock domains, meaning that the entire chip does not operate the same clock speed. This causes some difficulty when measuring peak throughput of its various functions. Further adding to the confusion, it is listed as 667 MHz in Intel G965 white paper, but listed as 400 MHz in Intel G965 datasheet. There are various rules that define the IGP's processing capabilities.
Memory controller can now address maximum 384 MB memory according to white paper, but only 256 MB in datasheet.
GMA X3100.
The GMA X3100 is the mobile version of the GMA X3000 used in the Intel GL960/GM965 chipsets and also in the GS965 chipset. The X3100 supports hardware transform and lighting, up to 8 programmable shader units, and up to 384 MB memory. Its display cores can run up to 333 MHz on GM965 and 320 MHz on GL960. Its render cores can run up to 500 MHz on GM965 and 400 MHz on GL960. The X3100 display unit includes a 300 MHz RAMDAC, two 25–112 MHz LVDS transmitters, 2 DVO encoders, and a TV encoder. Under Windows, the driver supports DirectX 10.0, Shader Model 4.0 and OpenGL 1.5. Under Linux, OpenGL 2.1 is supported.
GMA X3500.
GMA X3500 is an upgrade of the GMA X3000 and used in the desktop G35. The shaders support shader model 4.0 features. Architecturally, the GMA X3500 is very similar to the GMA X3000, with both GMAs running at 667 MHz. The major difference between them is that the GMA X3500 supports Shader Model 4.0 and DirectX 10, whereas the earlier X3000 supports Shader Model 3.0 and DirectX 9. The X3500 also adds hardware-assistance for playback of VC-1 video.
GMA X4500.
The GMA X4500 and the GMA X4500HD for desktop were launched in June 2008. The GMA X4500 is used in the G43 chipset and the GMA X4500HD is used in the G45 chipset. The GMA X4500 is also used in the G41 chipset, which was released in September 2008.
The GMA 4500MHD for laptops was launched on July 16, 2008. Featurewise, the 4500MHD is identical to its desktop cousin, the X4500HD. The GMA 4500MHD is used in the GL40, GS40, GM45 and GS45 chipsets. It had been previously rumored that a cost-reduced version, the "GMA 4500", was to be launched in late 2008 or early 2009 and was to be used in the upcoming Q43 and Q45 chipsets. However, in practice the Q43 and Q45 chipsets also use the GMA X4500.
The difference between the GMA X4500 and the GMA X4500HD is that the GMA X4500HD is capable of ""full 1080p high-definition video playback, including Blu-ray disc movies"",
Like the X3500, X4500 supports DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 features. Intel designed the GMA X4500 to be 200% faster than the GMA 3100 (G33 chipset) in 3DMark06 performance and 70% faster than the GMA X3500 (G35 chipset).
PowerVR GPU based.
Intel developed a new set of low power graphics architecture based on PowerVR.
The available Linux drivers do not support much of this.
PowerVR SGX 535 based.
GMA 500.
The Intel SCH (System Controller Hub; codenamed "Poulsbo") for the Atom processor Z5xx series features a GMA 500 graphic system. Rather than being developed in-house, this core is a PowerVR SGX 535 core licensed from Imagination Technologies.
Intel describes this as "a flexible, programmable architecture that supports shader-based technology, 2D, 3D and advanced 3D graphics, high-definition video decode, and image processing. Features include screen tiling, internal true color processing, zero overhead anti-aliasing, programmable shader 3D accelerator, and 32-bit floating-point operations."
GMA 600.
A revised version of the previous Intel SCH (System Controller Hub) for the Atom Z6xx series CPU codenamed "Lincroft". Essentially, this is the same graphic system as the GMA 500, but clocked at double the speed. (From 200 MHz to 400 MHz).
PowerVR SGX 545 based.
GMA 3600.
This integrated graphics system was released in Intel Atom (Cedar Trail, 32 nm) and based on PowerVR SGX545. Unlike the original PowerVR solution, this model is clocked at 400 MHz instead of 200 MHz. It is specifically found in the Intel Atom N2600 processor and Atom D2500 models. DirectX version 9.0c.
GMA 3650.
Same as previous, but this version is clocked at 640 MHz. It is found in Atom N2800, Atom D2550, Atom D2500, Atom D2600 and Atom D2700 models. DirectX version 9.0c.
Protected Audio Video Path.
Protected Audio Video Path (PAVP) protects the data path within a computer during video playback (e.g., Blu-ray discs). It is supported by newer chipsets (e.g. Intel G45) and operating systems (since Windows Vista).
PAVP can be configured in the BIOS. Different modes are supported: 
The default setting in most BIOS is PAVP Lite.
Within Intel HD Graphics, the successor of Intel GMA, a similar technology called Intel Insider exists.
Software support.
Mac OS X.
Mac OS X 10.4 supports the GMA 950, since it was used in previous revisions of the MacBook, MacMini, and 17-inch iMacs. It has been used in all Intel-based Mac minis (until the Mac Mini released on March 3, 2009). Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard contains drivers for the GMA X3100, which were used in a recent revision of the MacBook range.
Late-release versions of Mac OS X 10.4 also support the GMA 900 due to its use in the Apple Developer Transition Kit, which was used in the PowerPC-to-Intel transition. However, special modifications to the kext file must be made to enable Core Image and Quartz Extreme.
Although the new MacBook line no longer uses the X3100, Mac OS X 10.5 (Leopard) ships with drivers supporting it that require no modifications to the kext file. Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard), which includes a new 64-bit kernel in addition to the 32-bit one, does not include 64-bit X3100 drivers. This means that although the MacBooks with the X3100 have 64-bit capable processors and EFI, Mac OS X must load the 32-bit kernel to support the 32-bit X3100 drivers. November 9's 10.6.2 update ships with 64-bit X3100 drivers.
Apple removed the 64-bit GMA X3100 drivers later, and thus affected Macs were forced back to the 32-bit kernel despite being 64-bit clean in terms of hardware and firmware. No 64-bit drivers were offered in OS X Lion. Subsequently OS X Mountain Lion dropped 32-bit kernel booting. The combination of these two changes in graphics driver code resulted in many Mac revisions being unable to upgrade to Mountain Lion, as their GPUs cannot be replaced.
For a while MacBook and MacBook Pro notebooks instead shipped with a far more powerful NVIDIA GeForce 9400M, and the 15" and 17" MacBook Pro notebooks shipped with an additional GeForce 9600GT supporting hybrid power to switch between GPUs. The NVIDIA GeForce 9400M chipset implemented in Apple MacBooks did not support composite or S-video output.
FreeBSD.
FreeBSD 8.0 supports the following Intel graphic chipsets: i810, i810-DC100, i810e, i815, i830M, 845G, 852GM, 855GM, 865G, 915G, 915GM, 945G, 945GM, 965G, 965Q, 946GZ, 965GM,945GME, G33, Q33, Q35, G35, GM45, G45, Q45, G43 and G41 chipsets. In practice, chipsets through 4500MHD are supported with DRM and 3D using FreeBSD 9. Work to integrate GEM and KMS is currently adding support for i-series integrated graphics and improving support for earlier chipsets.
Linux.
In August 2006, Intel added support to the open-source X.Org/XFree86 drivers for the latest 965 series that include the GMA (X)3000 core. These drivers were developed for Intel by Tungsten Graphics.
In May 2007, version 2.0 of the driver (xorg-video-intel) was released, which added support for the 965GM chipset. In addition, the 2.0 driver added native video mode programming support for all chipsets from i830 forward. This version added support for automatic video mode detection and selection, monitor hot plug, dynamic extended and merged desktops and per-monitor screen rotation. These features are built into the X.Org 7.3 X server release and will eventually be supported across most of the open source X.Org video drivers. Version 2.1, released in July 2007, added support for the G33, Q33 and Q35 chipsets. G35 is also supported by the Linux driver.
As is common for X.Org drivers on Linux, the license is a combination of GPL (for the Linux kernel parts) and MIT (for all other parts).
The drivers were mainly developed by Intel and Tungsten Graphics (under contract) since the chipsets' documentation were not publicly available for a long time. In January 2008, Intel released the complete developer documentation for their, at the time, latest chipsets (965 and G35 chipset), allowing for further external developers' involvement.
In April 2009, Intel released documentation for their newer G45 graphics (including X4500) chipsets.
In May 2009, Intel employee Eric Anholt stated Intel was "still working on getting docs for chipsets out."
H.264 acceleration via VA-API.
Linux support for gpu accelerated H.264 playback is available and working for X4500HD and X4500MHD using VAAPI and the g45-h264 branch.
PowerVR based chips on Linux.
GMA 500, GMA 600, GMA 3600, GMA 3650 are PowerVR based chips incompatible with Intel GenX GPU architecture family. There are no Intel supported FOSS drivers. The current available FOSS drivers (included in Linux 3.3 onwards) only support 2D acceleration (not 3D acceleration).
Ubuntu supports GMA500 (Poulsbo) through the ubuntu-mobile and gma500 repositories on Launchpad. Support is present in an experimental way for 11.10 and 12.04, but the installation procedure is not as simple as other drivers and can lead to many bugs. Ubuntu 12.10 has 2D support included.
Joli OS, a Linux based OS optimized for netbooks, has a driver for the GMA500 built in.
PixieLive, a GNU/Linux live distribution optimized for GMA500 netbooks, it can boot from USB Pendrive, SD Card or HardDisk.
Intel releases official Linux drivers through the IEGD (Intel Embedded Graphic Driver) supporting some Linux distributions dedicated to the embedded market.
In November 2009, the Linux Foundation released the details of a new, rewritten Linux driver that would support this chipset and Intel's other upcoming chipsets. The Direct Rendering Manager and X.org parts would be free software, but the 3D component (using Gallium3D) will still be proprietary.
Solaris.
Oracle Solaris 11 provides 64-bit video driver support for the following Intel graphic chipsets: i810, i810-dc100, i810e, i815, i830M, 845G, 852GM/855GM, 865G, 915G, E7221 (i915), 915GM, 945G, 945GM, 945GME, Pineview GM, Pineview G, 965G, G35, 965Q, 946GZ, 965GM, 965GME/GLE, G33, Q35, Q33, GM45, 4 Series, G45/G43, Q45/Q43, G41, B43, Clarkdale, Arrandale, Sandybridge Desktop (GT1), Sandybridge Desktop (GT2), Sandybridge Desktop (GT2+), Sandybridge Mobile (GT1), Sandybridge Mobile (GT2), Sandybridge Mobile (GT2+), Ivybridge Mobile (GT1), Ivybridge Mobile (GT2), Ivybridge Desktop (GT1), Ivybridge Desktop (GT2), Ivybridge Server (GT1), and Ivybridge Server (GT2).
The Solaris open-source community developers provide additional driver support for Intel HD Graphics 4000/2500 graphic-based chipsets (aka Ivy Bridge), OpenGL 3.0/GLSL 1.30, and the new libva/va-api library enabling hardware accelerated video decode for the prevailing coding standards today (MPEG-2, MPEG-4 ASP/H.263, MPEG-4 AVC/H.264, and VC-1/WMV3).
Microsoft Windows.
GMA 900 on Windows.
The GMA 900 is theoretically capable of running Windows Vista's Aero interface and is certified as DirectX 9 compliant. However, no WHQL certified WDDM driver has been made available. Presumably this is due to the lack of a "hardware scheduler" in the GPU.
Many owners of GMA900 hardware believed they would be able to run Aero on their systems as early release candidates of Vista permitted XDDM drivers to run Aero. Intel, however, contends that Microsoft's final specs for Aero/WDDM certification did not permit releasing a WDDM driver for GMA900 (due to issues with the hardware scheduler, as mentioned above), so when the final version of Vista was released, no WDDM driver was released. The last minute pulling of OpenGL capabilities from the GMA drivers for Windows Vista left a large number of GMA based workstations unable to perform basic 3D hardware acceleration with OpenGL and unable to run many Vista Premium applications such as Windows DVD Maker.
In Windows 8, Aero effects are enabled with VGA compatibility driver via software rendering. There are no native GMA900 drivers available for Windows 8 since XDDM support is removed from this operating system.
On GMA900 based laptops with Windows 7, users may experience a serious bug related to the chipset's native backlight control method failing to change brightness, resulting in the brightness becoming stuck on a particular value after driver installation. The bug did not occur when Windows 7 was initially released to the public and is commonly observed after running Windows Update.
GMA 950 on Windows.
This IGP is capable of displaying the Aero interface for Windows Vista. Drivers are shipped with Windows Vista since beta versions became available in mid-2006. It can also run Windows 7's Aero interface since Intel released drivers for Windows 7 in mid-June 2009.
The GMA 950 is integrated into many netbooks built on Intel 945GSE Express chipset, and is able to display a resolution up to 2048×1536 at 75 Hz utilizing up to 224 MB of shared memory.
Most of the reviews about this IGP were negative, since many games (such as ' or ') need Pixel Shader 2.0 or higher, that is supported in hardware, and Vertex Shader 2.0, that is software-emulated. Other games such as "Crysis" will start, but with frame rates below acceptable.
GMA X3000/X3100 on Windows.
T&L and Vertex Shaders 3.0 are supported by Intel's newest 15.6 drivers for Windows Vista as of September 2, 2007. XP support for VS3 and T&L was introduced on August 10, 2007. Intel announced in March 2007 that beta drivers would be available in June 2007.
On June 1, 2007 "pre-beta" (or Early Beta) drivers were released for Windows XP (but not for Vista). Beta drivers for Vista and XP were released on June 19. Since hardware T&L and vertex shading has been enabled in drivers individual applications can be forced to fall back to software rendering, which raises performance and compatibility in certain cases. Selection is based on testing by Intel and preselected in the driver .inf file.
Intel has released production version drivers for 32-bit and 64-bit Windows Vista that enable the Aero graphics.
Intel introduced Direct X 10 for the X3100 and X3500 GPUs in the Vista 15.9 drivers, though any release of DX10 drivers for the X3000 is uncertain. WDDM 1.1 is supported by X3100 but DXVA-HD is not.
OpenGL 2.0 support is available since Vista 15.11 drivers and XP 14.36 drivers.
Windows 8 ships with a driver for the X3100.
GMA 500 on Windows.
As of September 2010, the latest available driver revisions from the Intel website for Windows XP, Vista and 7 are:
Modern Gaming.
The performance and functionality of GMA processors are limited, attaining the performance of only low-cost discrete GPUs at best. Some features of games and other 3D applications may be unsupported by GMAs, particularly older ones. The GMA X3x00's unified shader design allows for more complete hardware functionality, but the line still has issues with some games and has significantly limited performance.
Intel has put up a page with 'Known Issues & Solutions' for each version. For Intel Graphics Media Accelerator Software Development concerns, there is the Integrated Graphics Software Development Forum.
Microsoft Windows performance reviews.
GMA X3000 review.
A review conducted in April 2007 by The Tech Report determined that the GMA X3000 had performance comparable to the Nvidia GeForce 6150. During that review the GMA X3000 was unable to run the PC games Battlefield 2 and . However, the ExtremeTech review found that games which aren't as graphically demanding, such as Sims 2 and Civilization 4, "look good" when the GMA X3000 is used to run them.
Reviews performed by The Tech Report, by ExtremeTech and by Anandtech all concluded that the AMD's Radeon X1250 integrated graphics solutions based on the AMD 690G chipset was a better choice than the GMA X3000 based on the G965 chipset, especially when considering 3D gaming performance and price.
GMA X3500 review.
In a review performed by Register Hardware in December 2007, author Leo Waldock argued that because the GMA X3500 is not capable of running any PC game that requires DirectX 10, the addition of DirectX 10 support to the GMA X3500 was "irrelevant". During that same review, the GMA X3500 was used to run the PC games Crysis and FEAR Extraction Point, where it was able to render only 4 and 14 frames per second respectively for each game. In the end the review concluded that overall the X3500 made "minimal advances" over the GMA X3000.
GMA X4500 review.
In a review published in May 2008, the GMA X4500 showed a superior game performance to the lowest-end 1-year-older GeForce 8400M graphics card in some CPU-bound tests, while losing to the still low-end GeForce 8400M GS with a slower CPU.

</doc>
<doc id="2865878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865878" title="Heep Yunn School">
Heep Yunn School

Heep Yunn School (Chinese 協恩中學) is an Anglican girls' secondary school founded in 1936. Commonly known simply as HYS. It is located in Ma Tau Wai, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The School commenced its operation in the DSS (Direct Subsidy Scheme) mode starting from junior form in September 2012. It is governed by the Council of the Heep Yunn School, also the sponsoring body of the primary and kindergarten sections. It uses English as the medium of instruction. The school reports high academic achievement.
History.
Heep Yunn School used to be a Sheng Kung Hui grant-in-aid school for girls before it turned to the DSS mode in September 2012. It was established when two schools founded by the Church Missionary Society - the Fairlea School (1886) and Victoria Home and Orphanage (1887) were merged in 1936 at the present site in Farm Road. This accounts for the name "Heep Yunn" - meaning the union of the two schools through the grace of God. Two buildings of the campus of Heep Yunn School are listed as Grade III historic buildings by Hong Kong's Antiquities and Monuments Office: The Main Building and St. Clare Chapel.
School Vision.
It is the mission of the school to provide our students with a Christian education that develops the whole person in the following areas: moral, intellectual, physical, social, aesthetic and spiritual; to instill in our girls a spirit of public service, and to build a firm foundation in both Chinese and English.
House.
The five houses are named after the school name.
Extracurricular activities.
The school offers 16 school sports teams, four choirs, three orchestras, debating teams in both Chinese, Mandarin and English, an active drama club and over 60 other co-curricular programmes relating to languages, humanity studies, visual art, science, community services and leadership training.
Inter-school sports.
There are fifteen sports teams in HYS.
Interschool competition results (2013–2014):

</doc>
<doc id="2865893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865893" title="Ulen sword">
Ulen sword

The Ulen Sword is a purported Viking sword found in a field miles west of Ulen, Minnesota, where it is currently on display in the Ulen Historical Museum. However, it bears no resemblance to any sword of known early Medieval provenance and is almost certainly a 19th-century French military sword.
The sword was found buried underground by Hans O. Hansen on his farm on April 20, 1911. Because of drought, Hansen decided to set his plow blades much deeper than usual, and unearthed the artifact.
The blade of the Ulen sword is said to have had a -inch covering of rust, which Hansen polished away. The blade is long (the end of the sword has been blunted by a hammer or some other instrument). The pommel and the thick crossguard are made of brass.
The sword's crossguard has a design on each side: one side depicts a helmeted soldier, and the reverse is a breastplate covering a dagger and two crossed axes.

</doc>
<doc id="2865896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865896" title="Gaspar Coelho">
Gaspar Coelho

Gaspar Coelho was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary. He replaced Francisco Cabral as the Superior and Vice-Provincial of the Jesuit mission in Japan during the late 16th century. 
Coelho became infamous among Jesuits and Japanese Christians alike for catalyzing the disfavor of Toyotomi Hideyoshi against the Jesuit mission in Japan.
Conflicts with Hideyoshi.
As Superior of the mission, Coelho was the most visible leader of the Christian contingent in Japan and he was frequently consulted by Hideyoshi on matters of political significance. 
Just as local "daimyos" encouraged the Jesuits to participate in the silver trade, so too did Japanese leaders encourage or expect their participation in politics. Just as European feudalism and religious zealotry had given birth to a number of military orders such as the Knights Templar or the Knights of Malta, so too did a number of Buddhist monastic orders focus on martial arts and participate in warfare. Hideyoshi, who was familiar with fighting these orders, not only saw the Jesuits as a path to economic wealth but potentially a source of military power as well. 
Hideyoshi asked Coelho to secure him two Portuguese ships; if he could use these in an invasion of the mainland, he promised, he would "build churches the length and breadth of China and Korea." Coelho not only agreed to the deal, but also suggested that the Society could acquire more troops from Portuguese India. It was a dangerous bluff meant to curry greater political support, but it was devoid of any real truth.
Consequences.
Hideyoshi's response was quick and severe. After consulting with some of his Buddhist advisors, he had Coelho roused in the middle of the night and asked a series of questions concerning the intentions of the mission. Coelho responded as best he could, but the next morning Hideyoshi was livid. The great "daimyo" informed his court that the Jesuits were spreading propaganda against the state and that their mission jeopardized the future of Japan. He may have seen the Jesuits as a potential military threat. 
Hideyoshi ordered that an edict be drawn up: 
Coelho protested that the Great Ship was not due to leave Macau for another six months, and thus it was impossible to obey the edict. Hideyoshi accepted this, but issued a further set of commands banning Japanese Jesuits from the country as well. In the meantime, Coelho had realized the severity of the situation and tried to extricate himself. He tried to persuade several friendly "daimyo" to rise up against Hideyoshi with offers of weapons and financial help. When they flatly refused him, he began to write letters to the other missions. Coelho petitioned the Philippine mission and the Superior in Macau to send two or three hundred troops in support. None of these took him seriously and one even wrote back reprimanding him. 
This caused a stir within the ranks of the Jesuit fathers, and it is only through sheer luck that Hideyoshi himself did not find out about Coelho's scheming. The vice-provincial died of natural causes shortly thereafter, just before a furious Valignano returned to Japan to try and repair the damage, as it was clear that Coelho’s poor judgment had given the opposition the occasion they were looking for to stir up animosity against the Jesuit presence in the country. 
This series of events was seen as leading to the Christian persecutions in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2865910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865910" title="Addedomarus">
Addedomarus

Addedomarus (sometimes written Aθθedomarus on coins) was a king of south-eastern Britain in the late 1st century BC. His name is known only from his inscribed coins, the distribution of which seem to indicate that he was the ruler of the Trinovantes.
He was the first king to produce inscribed coins north of the Thames, perhaps as early as 35 BC, although some estimates are as late as 15 BC. He seems to have moved the Trinovantian capital from Braughing in Hertfordshire to Camulodunum (Colchester, Essex). For a brief period (ca. 15-10 BC) he seems to have been supplanted by Tasciovanus of the Catuvellauni, who issued coins from Camulodunum at that time. Addedomarus then appears to have regained power and reigned until 10-5 BC, when he was succeeded by Dubnovellaunus.
Addedomarus appears in later, post-Roman and medieval British Celtic genealogies and legends as Aedd Mawr (Addedo the Great). The Welsh Triads recall Aedd Mawr as one of the founders of Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="2865920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865920" title="Abelisaurus">
Abelisaurus

Abelisaurus (; "Abel's lizard") is a genus of abelisaurid theropod dinosaur during the Late Cretaceous Period (Campanian) of what is now South America. It was a bipedal carnivore that probably reached 7 to 9 meters (25 to 30 feet) in length, although it is known from only one partial skull.
The generic name recognizes Roberto Abel as the discoverer of the specimen, and also the former director of the provincial Museum of Cipolletti in Argentina, where the specimen is housed. It also incorporates the Greek "σαυρος"/"sauros", meaning 'lizard'. There is one named species, "A. comahuensis", which honors the Comahue region of Argentina, where the fossil was found. Both genus and species were named and described by Argentine paleontologists Jose Bonaparte and Fernando Novas in 1985, who placed it in the newly created family Abelisauridae.
Classification.
Many other abelisaurids have since been discovered, including extremely complete specimens of "Aucasaurus", "Carnotaurus" and "Majungasaurus". Some scientists place "Abelisaurus" as a basal abelisaurid, outside the subfamily Carnotaurinae. Others are less certain of its position. Abelisaurids share some skull features with the unrelated carcharodontosaurids and, since "Abelisaurus" is known only from a skull, future discoveries may show that this genus was in fact a carcharodontosaurid. However, this is thought unlikely.
Fossil material and age.
The one known fossil skull of "Abelisaurus" is incomplete, especially on the right side. It is also missing most of the palate (roof of the mouth). Despite the missing pieces, it is over 85 centimeters (33 inches) long. Although there are no bony crests or horns, like those found in some other abelisaurids, such as "Carnotaurus", rough ridges on the snout and above the eyes might have supported some kind of crest made out of keratin, which would not have become fossilized. There are also very large "fenestrae" (window-like openings) in the skull, which are found in many dinosaurs and reduce skull weight.
"Abelisaurus" is one of the many dinosaurs that have been discovered in Patagonia. It was originally described as coming from the Allen Formation but subsequent research proved the remains were actually found in the older Anacleto Formation (part of the Neuquén Group) of Rio Negro Province, Argentina. The Anacleto is a geologic formation in South America, dating from the early Campanian stage of the Late Cretaceous Period, between 83 and 80 million years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="2865923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865923" title="El Mirage">
El Mirage

El Mirage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865924" title="Theta Aquilae">
Theta Aquilae

Theta Aquilae (θ Aql, θ Aquilae) is a binary star in the constellation Aquila. The combined apparent visual magnitude of the pair is 3.26, making it the fourth brightest member of the constellation. In Chinese, it has the traditional name Tseen Foo, which is derived from the Mandarin 天桴 "tiānfú" meaning "the heavenly raft(er)"; it may also mean drumsticks, with Altair, Beta Aquilae and Gamma Aquilae being the drum. This distance to this star can be determined through the parallax technique, yielding an estimate of roughly from Earth.
Properties.
Theta Aquilae is a double-lined spectroscopic binary, which indicates that the individual components have not been viewed through a telescope; instead, what can be viewed is their combined spectrum with the individual absorption line features shifting back and forth over the course of an orbit because of the Doppler effect. Their orbit has a period of 17.1 days with a large orbital eccentricity is 0.60. At the estimated distance of this system, the angular separation of 3.2 milliarcseconds corresponds to a physical separation of only about 0.24–0.28 Astronomical Units.
Both stars have a matching stellar classification of B9.5 III, indicating that they are massive, B-type giant stars that have exhausted the supply of hydrogen at their cores and evolved away from the main sequence of stars like the Sun. Hummel et al. (1996) gave the primary component, θ Aql A, an estimated mass of 3.6 solar, a radius 4.8 the Sun's, and 278 the luminosity of the Sun. For the secondary component, θ Aql B, they give the corresponding parameters as 2.9 times the mass, 2.4 times the radius and 68 times the luminosity of the Sun. Based upon their estimated parameters, Kaler (2008) suggests that θ Aql A is actually a subgiant star, while θ Aql B is a main sequence star.
Etymology.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Celestial Drumstick", refers to an asterism consisting of θ Aquilae, 62 Aquilae, 58 Aquilae and η Aquilae. Consequently, θ Aquilae itself is known as (, .)
In the catalogue of stars in the "Calendarium" of Al Achsasi al Mouakket, this star was designated Thanih Ras al Akab (تاني ألرأس ألعقاب - "taanii al ra’s alʕuqāb"), which was translated into Latin as Secunda Capitis Vulturis, meaning "the second (star) of eagle's head".
This star, along with δ Aql (Denebokab) and η Aql, were Al Mizān (ألميزان), the Scale-beam. According to the catalogue of stars in the "Technical Memorandum 33-507 - A Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars", "Al Mizān" were the title for three stars :δ Aql as "Al Mizān I", η Aql as "l Mizān II" and θ Aql as "Al Mizān III".

</doc>
<doc id="2865935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865935" title="Donn Pearce">
Donn Pearce

Donn Pearce (born 1928) is an American author best known for the novel and screen play "Cool Hand Luke".
Born Donald Mills Pearce in a suburb of Philadelphia, Pearce left home at 15. He attempted to join the United States Merchant Marine at 16, but was turned away due to his age. He lied about his age, registered for the draft, and was inducted into the United States Army in 1944. Frustrated by rules he considered unnecessary, he went AWOL, then three days later thought better of it and turned himself in to a Navy MP. His sentence was 30 days in the stockade. He served three days of his sentence, then was transferred to a combat infantry unit. Anticipating being sent to the front (this was during WWII), he wrote his mother a letter. She contacted the Army, informed them of his true age, and he was thrown out of the Army. By this time, he was old enough to join the Merchant Marine.
The Merchant Marine took him to Venice when he was 18, to Spain, Denmark, France, Portugal and Bombay. Post-war Europe had a thriving black market, and Pearce became involved in counterfeiting American money. He attempted to pass some counterfeit bills to a police officer in Marseilles, and was arrested, tried, and sent to prison. Assigned to a work detail outside the prison grounds, Pearce escaped, making his way to the Italian border. The French officials had taken his seaman's papers, so he forged new ones and signed on a ship to Canada. He crossed from Canada into the United States, where he began a new career - burglary.
He became a safecracker, and in 1949, at the age of twenty, he was arrested for burglary. He served two years in the Florida Department of Corrections chain gangs. In 1965 Scribners published his first novel, "Cool Hand Luke", and he went on to write the Academy Award-nominated screenplay for the 1967 film version. The film starred Paul Newman, and Pearce made a cameo appearance as a convict named Sailor. His other books included "Pier Head Jump" (1972) and "Dying in the Sun" (1974). During the seventies and early eighties he was a freelance journalist, often contributing to magazines such as "Playboy" and "Esquire". In 2005 he published a fourth book, "Nobody Comes Back", a novel about the Battle of the Bulge, which received an excellent review from Malcom Jones in the 21 February 2005 edition of "Newsweek". In 2011 a dramatization of "Cool Hand Luke" played on London's West Side, and the novel was reissued in the UK. 
Pearce continues to live and write in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="2865937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865937" title="Grupo Sanborns">
Grupo Sanborns

Grupo Sanborns is a large restaurant, retail, pharmacy and department store chain located in Mexico, in El Salvador and Panama.
History.
The retail company was founded in Mexico City on June 19, 1903, by California immigrants Walter and Frank Sanborn, who also opened Mexico's first soda fountain. The original location and its lunch counter, across from the main Mexico City post office ("Palacio de Correos") is still in operation.
During the Mexican Revolution, troops of Emiliano Zapata used a Sanborns branch located where the "Libreria Madero" is today, as a rendezvous point and gathering place. Extant photos show "Zapatista" soldiers enjoying their first restaurant meal at Sanborns' lunch counter.[http://www.sanborns.com.mx/sanborns/sanborns_hist.asp] Thus the Sanborns slogan "Meet me at Sanborns".
In 1919, Walter Sanborn, tired of Mexico's political turmoil, returned to the US and left the management of the company to his brother Frank.
The trademark of the franchise, the three owls, represent Mr. Frank Sanborn and his sons, Francis and Jonathan. For some time, the official name of the company was "Sanborn´s Hermanos" (Sanborn´s Brothers), when Mr. Frank died.
Also in 1919, Sanborns acquired its most famous branch location, the 16th century House of Tiles, the Casa de los Azulejos, a major Mexico City tourist attraction and national monument. This is probably the world's only pharmacy decorated with a mural by José Clemente Orozco.
In 1946, Frank Sanborn sold his interest in Sanborns to fellow pharmacist Charles Walgreen Jr. of Chicago.
Like Walgreens, Sanborns does not use an apostrophe in its name. In Sanborns' case, it is due to the Spanish language not using apostrophes to indicate possession.
Walgreens sold its interest in 1985. Currently, Sanborns is a unit of conglomerate Grupo Carso which itself is controlled by Carlos Slim, the richest person in the world . Sanborns controls Sears Mexico (nearly 50 stores). It also owns about 125 Sanborns stores (a combination of restaurants, drugstores and book and gift shops); 34 Sanborns Cafés; nearly 65 Discolandia, Mixup, No Problem and Tower Records music stores. Sanborns also operates its eponymous Web site selling electronics, computers, music, books, toys, drugs and more.

</doc>
<doc id="2865943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865943" title="Council of Four">
Council of Four

Council of Four may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865948" title="Dartmouth Park">
Dartmouth Park

Dartmouth Park is a district of north London in the London Borough of Camden, on the slope of the hill that rises up to Highgate from Kentish Town. On its west side, it borders Parliament Hill Fields.
History.
Dartmouth Park is named after the Earl of Dartmouth who bought the land in the middle of the 18th century. The 5th Earl of Dartmouth instigated some major house building in the late 19th century, and the area has continued to undergo development since that time.
The street named York Rise, which runs through the centre of Dartmouth Park, is in a slight valley which follows the course of the River Fleet, now underground. At the foot of York Rise the river crosses the railway tracks in a large iron pipe.
Architecture.
Most of the area consists of late-19th century terraced and semi-detached houses, with a few more recent buildings. The local church is St Mary Brookfield, designed by William Butterfield and opened in 1875. It is red brick with contrasting yellow and blue brick patterns.
Park.
Although the name designates a district and not a park per se, there is a small but attractive park off Dartmouth Park Hill, now named 'Dartmouth Park'. Although much of it is taken up by a reservoir tank, there is also a children's playground and a green bank with spectacular views of central and east London.
Dartmouth Park today.
Dartmouth Park is a quiet residential area with a mixture of residents, from young professionals and families through to retired couples. To the north lies the Holly Lodge Estate and then Highgate. Dartmouth Park is separated from Kentish Town to the south by the Gospel Oak to Barking railway line. Housing in Dartmouth Park is a mixture of detached and semi-detached houses, late Victorian and Edwardian mansion flats (notable examples include Brookfield Mansions and the blocks in Lissenden Gardens), and some post war housing such as Haddo House.
The former park on the area covered what is now Waterlow Park and Highgate Cemetery.
Notable residents.
Julian Barnes, novelist;
Hunter Davies, writer;
Glenda Jackson, Labour MP;
Glenys Kinnock, Labour politician (in neighbouring Tufnell Park);
Neil Kinnock, former Labour party leader (in neighbouring Tufnell Park);
Ed Miliband, present Labour party leader;
Nova Pilbeam, retired actress;
Dave Lee Travis, former Radio 1 DJ;
Lucy Rose, a folk musician, 
Paul Smith, television writer
and Ken Loach, the film director.

</doc>
<doc id="2865950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865950" title="Kudo-kai">
Kudo-kai

The is a yakuza group headquartered in Kitakyushu, Fukuoka on the Kyushu island of Japan, with an estimated 630 active members. An article by the Independent newspaper refers to the Kudo-kai as an affiliate of the Yamaguchi-gumi, but that is false. The Kudo-kai has been a purely independent syndicate ever since its foundation, and has caused numerous conflicts with the Yamaguchi-gumi (at least on eight separate occasions in 2000; at least one Yamaguchi-affiliate boss was shot to death by the Kudo-kai in 2000). The Independent article may mean "Kodo-kai".
The Kudo-kai is the largest yakuza group in the Kitakyushu area, and like other yakuza groups based in the northern Kyushu region, it is noted for its extremely militant stance, by using the likes of machine guns and hand grenades in their activities. The Kudo-kai is regarded as the best example of Kyushu yakuza who strongly oppose the police, get angry easily, and "fight with pride".
The National Police Agency's official report refers to the Kudo-kai as a "particularly nefarious group". One notable incident happened in March 1988, while feuding with a Chinese mafia syndicate attempting to enter the Kitakyushu area, the Kudo-kai attacked the Consulate General Fukuoka office of the People's Republic of China, which had nothing to do with the mafia, with shotguns and a dump truck.
The Kudo-kai is a member of an anti-Yamaguchi fraternal federation, the Yonsha-kai, with three other northern-Kyushu based organizations, the Taishu-kai, Dojin-kai, and Kumamoto-kai. The Yonsha-kai had been known as the "Sansha-kai" until 2005 when the Kumamoto-kai joined it. The Kudo-kai is the principal member of this federation.
History.
The Kudo-kai was founded before the WWII as a bakuto organization named the "Kudo-gumi" in Kokura by the first president Genji Kudo.
In 1987, the Kudo-kai annexed the Kusano-ikka, a Kitakyushu-based yakuza clan which had frequent violent conflicts with the Kudo-kai until then. The Kudo-kai was registered as a designated yakuza group under the Organized Crime Countermeasures Law in 1992.
Hideo Mizoshita became the third president in January 2000, and he died on July 1, 2008 at the age of 61. His funeral was held on July 6 of that year, where the attendees included many yakuza magnates from all over the country, such as those from the Sumiyoshi-kai, Inagawa-kai, Soai-kai, Matsuba-kai, Kyokuto-kai, Aizukotetsu-kai, Sakaume-gumi, Azuma-gumi, Asano-gumi, Kyodo-kai, Goda-ikka, Shinwa-kai, Kyosei-kai, Kozakura-ikka, Kyokuryu-kai, Okinawa Kyokuryu-kai, and even Kiyoshi Takayama of the Yamaguchi-gumi, and possibly some Russian or Italian or Mexican yakuza magnates.
In June 2011, following the 4th president Nomura's promotion to the Grand President ("sosai"), the 4th number-two ("rijicho"), Fumio Tanoue, became the president.
Activities.
The Kudo-kai's illegal activities have allegedly included protection racketeering, drug trafficking, unlawful involvement in public works such as public construction projects, and in legitimate businesses such as commerce and trade. See Nuclear power in Japan.[http://mdn.mainichi.jp/mdnnews/news/20120203p2a00m0na018000c.html]
According to a New York Times article appearing February 2, 2012: "Like many Japanese gangs, the Kudokai even maintains its own public headquarters, the Kudokai Hall — a four-story, fortresslike white building surrounded by tall walls, barbed wire and security cameras — that sits in the center of Kitakyushu, a city of one million residents."
Attacks on civilians.
The Kudo-kai is notorious for not hesitating to attack "katagi" civilians, or ordinary civilians, notably, the Kudo-kai has attacked; the Kyushu Electric Power president's house and the Saibu Gas chairman's house located in Fukuoka with grenades (alleged cases), a bar managed by an anti organized crime campaign leader with a hand grenade, future Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Shimonoseki house and office with molotov cocktails on several occasions, among many others with grenades or firearms.
The NHK Broadcasting Center received a threatening phone call from a man claiming himself to be a Kudo-kai insider after the NHK television network made a nationwide broadcast about the series of gun attacks on the office buildings of the Saibu Gas allegedly done by the Kudo-kai.
Territories.
The Kudo-kai maintains its headquarters office in Kokura Kita, Kitakyushu and its known offices in two other prefectures. The Kudo-kai's notable "territories" outside of Kitakyushu allegedly include Harajuku, Tokyo, more specifically the Ura-Harajuku area known as "Ura-Hara". The origin of this "ownership" allegedly traces back to the early 1980s, when the Sumiyoshi-kai, the original "owner" of this area, yielded to the Dojin-kai in a conflict in which many of the Sumiyoshi-kai's traditional "territories" were seized by the Dojin-kai. The Kudo-kai was allegedly given this "territory" by the Dojin-kai, and that is the alleged key reason why it was in Kitakyushu where the leading Ura-Hara brand "Good Enough"'s first flag shop opened, and why many leading figures in the 1980s-1990s "Ura-Hara" movement frequently visited Kitakyushu and many of them were actually from Kitakyushu (Toru Iwai, a co-founder of "Good Enough", for one), and why the volume of distribution of drugs especially methamphetamines and relatively new drugs such as MDMA in Tokyo has rapidly increased since then.
Kudo-kai is known to have sold high-quality, brand-name MDMA drugs made in the likes of the Benelux region, Israel, or Indonesia, not gang-made impure ones.
Authority's view.
The Kudo-kai is a designated yakuza group under the Organized Crime Countermeasures Law, and has been referred to as a "grossly vicious group" in the National Police Agency's official report.

</doc>
<doc id="2865974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865974" title="Western Highlands">
Western Highlands

Western Highlands may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2865981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865981" title="RPG-18">
RPG-18

The RPG-18 Mukha ( – "Fly") is a Russian short-range, disposable light anti-tank rocket launcher.
History.
The RPG-18 is very similar to the US M72-series LAW anti-tank rocket. The RPG-18 has been succeeded by the RPG-22, a very similar design with a larger warhead.
Description.
The RPG-18 fires a 64 mm "PG-18" HEAT warhead mounted on a small rocket capable of engaging any target within 200 meters. The warhead self-destructs 6 seconds after launch, placing definite limits on range even if a sight was used that was effective with targets beyond 200 meters. The RPG-18 itself can penetrate up to 375 mm of conventional armor. However, performance is significantly diminished when the RPG-18 is employed against targets protected by HEAT-resistant ERA or composite armor.
Unlike better known weapons, the RPG-18 requires only one operator because it is not reloadable. Assistant grenadiers are used to help reload the RPG-2, RPG-7 and RPG-16 systems.

</doc>
<doc id="2865987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865987" title="Kings of Damnation 98–04">
Kings of Damnation 98–04

Kings of Damnation 98–04 is mostly a compilation album of Zakk Wylde's Black Label Society, although the first four tracks are pre-1998 and not actual Black Label Society tracks. The limited edition digipak contains a 7 track bonus disc featuring cover songs and videos.
This is the second compilation released to document Zakk Wylde's catalogue, the first being the promotional-only "No More Tears" E.P.
Track listing.
(*) previously unreleased
Credits.
Below credits are for the main disc, not the bonus disc:

</doc>
<doc id="2866014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866014" title="Don't Leave Home">
Don't Leave Home

"Don't Leave Home" was the third single released in the UK from Dido's second album, "Life for Rent". It was officially released on 12 April 2004. Even though it didn't go further than number 25 on the UK Singles Chart, it stayed in the charts for nine weeks. The song was however a radio hit, peaking at #1 on the official airplay chart in early 2004.
Background.
"Don't Leave Home" deals with drug addiction. It is written and sung from the unusual point of view of the drug singing to the person who is addicted to it. It was originally a demo recorded for her 1999 album "No Angel" that was instead included on the 2003 album, "Life for Rent." It was written and produced by Dido Armstrong and her brother Rollo Armstrong. The song is set in common time composed in a moderate tempo of 80 beats per minute, written in F♯ Major with a vocal range from the tone of F♯4 to the note of C♯6. The B-side, "Stoned", is a song which tells the story of an unwinding relationship, clouded through drugs, as the title suggests. "Stoned" was remixed by Deep Dish as "Stoned (Deep Dish Remix)". This version peaked at number-one on the Hot Dance Club Songs.
Music video.
The music video for "Don't Leave Home" starts with the singer driving on a desert road as it gets dark. Suddenly, she finds herself in front of a forest. Dido leaves the car, drops her suitcase on the ground, and enters the forest. Some of the themes and scenery imply drug addiction, like the hazy affects, the forest filled with mushrooms and hallucinations of spiders and snakes. She leaves the forest and comes across a huge rock-like cliff by the ocean. She sings calmly by the cliff before jumping into the ocean and finds herself on a wide strand with white sand singing out to the ocean. The video ends with the car driving on with broken white lines layered with cocaine. The video was shot in Cape Town, South Africa.
Stoned.
"Stoned" is a song by Dido released as a promotional single for her second music album. The song tells the story of an unwinding relationship, clouded through drugs, as the title suggests. 
Charts.
"Stoned" was remixed by Deep Dish as "Stoned (Deep Dish Remix)", and peaked at number-one on the Hot Dance Club Songs.
Charts.
"Don't Leave Home"
"Stoned (Deep Dish Remix)"

</doc>
<doc id="2866018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866018" title="Moshe Lazar">
Moshe Lazar

Moshe Lazar (Belgium, July 4, 1928 – December 13, 2012) was an acclaimed professor of comparative literature and drama at the University of Southern California (and the founder of the school's comparative literature department). Prior to his arrival at USC in 1977, he served as the Dean of the School of Visual and Performing Arts (of which he was also the founder) at the University of Tel Aviv. Lazar has written more than 40 books over the course of his academic career and has also translated numerous French, Spanish, and Italian plays into Hebrew for performance on the Israeli stage.
Lazar received his M.A. in 1951 from Hebrew University and his Ph.D. from the Sorbonne in 1957. He has also received an honorary doctorate from the University of Judaism (now the American Jewish University) in 1990 and an Orden del Mérito Civil from the consul general of Spain in 1993, and was awarded the Raubenheimer Outstanding Senior Faculty Award by USC in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2866021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866021" title="Third conflict in the Goryeo–Khitan War">
Third conflict in the Goryeo–Khitan War

The Third Goryeo–Khitan War was an 11th-century conflict between the kingdom of Goryeo and Khitan forces near what is now the border between China and North Korea. The Goryeo-Khitan Wars began in 993 with the first campaign and continued with the second campaign.
Background.
In 993, Khitans under General Xiao Sunning invaded Korea, but retreated after truce negotiations with minister Seo Hui of Goryeo, establishing friendly relations between the two nations. In 1004, Khitans invaded China. Chinese forces were terribly defeated, and the Chinese were forced to pay tribute to the Liao emperor.
However, the tension between Goryeo and Liao created another war. In 1009, General Gang Jo of Goryeo led a coup against King Mokjong, killing the king and establishing military rule. In 1010, the alliance was broken and Liao attacked Korea for General Gang's treason. Also, Khitans claimed six garrison settlements east of the Yalu River, which Goryeo claimed as its territory in truce negotiations during 993. The Koreans fought fiercely but were defeated. However, the Goryeo king managed to retain his claim on the six garrison settlements. The Khitans retreated from the peninsula, with no great prize for the war, but they did not give up their hope of gaining the six garrison settlements and making Goryeo pay tribute.
However, beginning in the summer of 1018, the Khitans constructed a bridge across the Yalu River.
The Invasion and Battle of Kwiju.
In December of 1018, 100,000 Khitan soldiers under the command of General Xiao Baiya crossed the bridge into Goryeo territory, but were met by an ambush of Goryeo soldiers. King Hyeonjong had heard the news of invasion, and ordered his troops into battle against the Khitan invaders. General Gang Gam-chan, who did not have any military experience since he was a government official, became a commander of the Goryeo army of about 208,000 men (the Khitans still had advantages, even outnumbered 2 to 1, since Khitan troops were mostly mounted while the Koreans were not), and marched toward Yalu River.
Near the Garrison Settlement of Heunghwajin, there was a small stream. General Gang ordered the stream blocked until the Khitans began to cross it, and when the Khitans were mid-way across, he ordered that the dam be destroyed so that the water would drown much of the Khitan army. The damage was great, but the Khitans did not abandon their campaign in spite of the challenges represented by defenders and by winter conditions in the northwest. They pushed through to approach Kaesong, the capital, but were defeated by a force led by General Gang Gam Chan.
The Goryeo forces led a massive attack that all but annihilated the Khitan army. Barely a few thousand of the Liao troops survived the bitter defeat at Kusong. Many more were captured after surrendering along the river banks. Four years later, Koryo and the Liao dynasty reached a negotiated peace agreement and established normal relations. The Khitan never again invaded Goryeo.
The surrendered Khitan troops were divided up among the provinces of Goryeo and settled in isolated and guarded communities. These prisoners were valued for their skill in hunting, butchering, skinning, and leather tanning. Over the next few centuries, they evolved into the Baekjeong class, who came to form the lowest caste of the Korean people.
Aftermath.
This was the last invasion of Goryeo by the Khitan, as the two reached a peace agreement four years thereafter. Both the Liao Dynasty and Goryeo enjoyed a time of peace, and their cultures were at their height. However, as the balance of power on the Liao-Goryeo border shifted, the Jurchens, who lived around the border between the two nations, began to expand their power. Finally, in 1115, Jurchen chief Wányán Āgǔdǎ founded the Jin Dynasty in Manchuria, and began to attack the Khitans. In 1125, Jurchen troops captured the Liao king with help from the Chinese, who encouraged the Jurchens in the hope of gaining territories they lost to the Khitans before. Most Khitans fled to Turkestan, where they established the Kingdom of Western Liao (Kara-Khitai). Many of them were forced to surrender to the Jurchens.

</doc>
<doc id="2866022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866022" title="Super Famicom Wars">
Super Famicom Wars

Gameplay.
"Super Famicom Wars" features all 15 stages from the original 2-Players mode from "Famicom Wars", where the player can choose between the Red Star or Blue Moon armies, as well as a New 2-Players mode featuring 15 new stages where the player controls one of the two new armies (Green Earth or Yellow Comet). There's also a 4-Players Mode featuring 10 stages where all four armies fight each other as well as four new final stages for each side upon completing the first 15 stages in either 2-Player Mode, for a total of 42 stages.
As in the original game, one can choose which army will be controlled by a player and which one will be controlled by the computer. A new feature in "Super Famicom Wars" allows the player to select the General for each army. There are seven Generals, each with his or her own unique ability. There are also eight new units and new facilities such as labs and rail stations.
Trivia.
When the 16th stage of a 2-Player Mode against the computer is completed, a remix of John Philip Sousa's "The Thunderer" is played through the ending scene.

</doc>
<doc id="2866026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866026" title="South Keys Station">
South Keys Station

South Keys is a bus station on Ottawa's transitway system. Operated by OC Transpo, it is last station at the southern end of the Transitway, just north of Hunt Club Road. The station is located in the South Keys neighbourhood of Ottawa at the south end of the South Keys Shopping Centre beside the Cineplex Odeon South Keys Cinemas, between Bank Street and the Airport Parkway.
It is an occasional weekday terminus of route 97 (buses identified as 97X SOUTH KEYS). Route 97 continues on the Airport Parkway to the most southern station, Airport Station, while other routes such as route 98 and route 99 exit at Hunt Club Road.
Previously, City Council approved the addition of an O-Train Station at South Keys (instead of Lester) in conjunction of the expansion of the north-south light rail line. The project was however cancelled on December 14, 2006
Service.
The following routes serve South Keys Station:<br>
1
40
87 97 98 99
107
114 116 143 144 146 147
199
204
402
452
<br>Notes<br>
1. Route 43 is available at the corner of Bank/Cahill.
Safety Issues.
This station has a history of safety concerns during the night time hours. There were several incidents involving assaults, swarming and vandalism in the vicinity which prompted some increased safety measures. This station has a night stop which all buses use after 9pm.

</doc>
<doc id="2866034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866034" title="Milnesand, New Mexico">
Milnesand, New Mexico

Milnesand is a small unincorporated community in southern Roosevelt County, in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of New Mexico. The village is located about 35 miles south of Portales on New Mexico State Route 206. Milnesand is home to the Prairie Chicken Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2866045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866045" title="William Mackay">
William Mackay

William Andrew Mackay (1876 - July 26, 1939) was an American artist who created a series of murals about the achievements of Theodore Roosevelt. Those three murals, completed in 1936, were installed beneath the rotunda in the Roosevelt Memorial Hall of the American Museum of Natural History in New York. Less known but also important, he was a major contributor to the development of ship camouflage in the United States during World War I.
Biography.
Mackay was born in 1876 in Philadelphia to Elizabeth J. and Frank F. Mackay. After high school, he studied at the City College of New York, the Académie Julian in Paris, and the American Academy in Rome. As a muralist, he completed projects for the Library of Congress, the American Museum of Natural History, the Minnesota State House of Representatives, and other locations.
Ship Camouflage.
Mackay played a major role in the development of U.S. ship camouflage during World War I, although there are conflicting accounts of the extent of his contributions. According to one report, he experimented with low visibility ship camouflage as early as 1913 (Perry 1919, pp. 138–139). In that source, he is said to have painted a vessel with red, green and violet splotches (not unlike a Pointillist painting), with the result that, when viewed from a distance, the ship appeared “to melt into sea and sky,” making it less visible than if it had been painted with a flat “battleship gray,” as had been the earlier practice. 
A later account describes Mackay’s testimony in 1917 at a meeting of the U.S. Navy Consulting Board in Washington D.C. (Crowell 1921, p. 496). In that presentation, he used a toy-like spinning device to demonstrate the visual effects of one or more rotating colored disks (comparable to Maxwell’s disks). One of these disks had been painted with equal components of red, violet and green, while another had green and violet sectors. When the disks were spun, the former appeared as an indistinct gray, while the second produced the appearance of a color described as “the blue of sea water.” On the basis of these demonstrations, Mackay argued (as he had in 1913) that low visibility hues could result when red, green and violet colors were viewed from a sufficient distance.
After the U.S. entered World War I in 1917, a scheme devised by Mackay was one of five camouflage “measures” approved by the U.S. Navy Consulting Board for official use on merchant ships. His proposal was subsequently patented in 1919, as U.S. Patent No. 1,305,296, titled “Process of Rendering Objects Less Visible Against Backgrounds.” During World War I, he also served as the head of the camouflage section of the New York District of the Emergency Fleet Corporation, for which he supervised the artists who applied camouflage patterns to merchant ships in that district’s harbors (Warner 1919). 
One of the artists who worked with Mackay during World War I was John D. Whiting, who wrote a semi-fictional book about his own wartime experiences (Whiting 1928), in which it is said that Mackay started a camouflage training school, and published a "Handbook on Ship Camouflage" in 1937.
Death.
He died on July 26, 1939 of a heart attack on a subway train at 125th Street and Broadway.

</doc>
<doc id="2866061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866061" title="Adam Makowicz">
Adam Makowicz

Adam Makowicz born Adam Matyszkowicz (August 18, 1940 in Hnojník, during World War II) is a Polish-Canadian pianist and composer living in Toronto. He performs jazz and classical piano pieces, as well as his own compositions. Besides playing solo, he has worked with such musicians as Michał Urbaniak, Tomasz Stanko and Leszek Możdżer, as well as with the National Symphony Orchestra of Washington DC, at the Kennedy Centre, at the Carnegie Hall, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, London, the Moscow Symphony Orchestra, and other major orchestras at concert halls in Americas and in Europe. His technical skills as jazz pianist have been compared to that of Art Tatum, Oscar Peterson, and Erroll Garner among others. His specialty in classical piano since his studies in the 1950s has been the music of Chopin.
Biography.
Adam Makowicz was born into a family of ethnic Poles in Gnojnik (now in the Czech Republic), in an area annexed by Nazi Germany at the beginning of World War II (see also: Polish minority in Czechoslovakia). After the war, he was raised in Poland. He studied classical music at the Chopin Conservatory of Music in Kraków. Overcoming cultural restrictions under communism, he developed a passion for modern jazz. At the time, freedom and improvisation were disapproved by the pro-Soviet authorities. Nonetheless, he embarked on a new professional life by switching from the career of a classical pianist to that of a touring jazz pianist. After years of hardship, Makowicz got a regular gig at a small jazz club in a cellar of a house in Kraków. By the mid-1970s, Makowicz established himself as one of the leading pianists in Europe. He was named the "Best jazz pianist" by the readers of "Jazz Forum" magazine, and was awarded a gold medal for his contribution to the arts.
In 1977 Makowicz made a 10-week concert tour of the United States, produced by John Hammond. At that time he recorded a solo album titled "Adam" on CBS. In 1978 he settled in New York. Makowicz was banned from Poland during the 1980s after the Polish regime imposed martial law to crush the Solidarity movement. At that time he took part in Ronald Reagan's initiative called "Let Poland Be Poland," joining many artists and public figures.
During the 2000s, he moved to Toronto, Canada, and continued his career as a concert pianist and recording artist. In the course of his career spanning 40-years, Makowicz performed with major symphony orchestras, such as the National Symphony Orchestra, at the Carnegie Hall, at the Kennedy Centre, and other major concert halls in Americas and in Europe. Eventually he recorded over 30 albums of jazz, popular, and classical music, with his own arrangements of pieces by Chopin, Gershwin, Berlin, Kern, Porter, Rogers, and other composers. Makowicz also wrote and recorded his own compositions for piano.
Makowicz has been building bridges between cultures by his numerous concerts performance and recordings of cross-cultural and cross-style compositions. He performed and recorded music by Chopin and Gershwin with the Warsaw Philharmonic, Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra, National Symphony in Washington, London Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, and other internationally recognized companies. In 1999, in commemoration of 150th anniversary of Chopin's death, Adam Makowicz played his piano tribute to Chopin at the French Embassy in Washington. His interpretations of classical pieces by Chopin and Gershwin are marked by finesse, inventiveness, and extraordinary technical virtuosity.

</doc>
<doc id="2866062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866062" title="Game Boy Wars">
Game Boy Wars

Gameplay.
Two countries, Red Star and White Moon, are warring against each other. The player takes control of either forces on hexagonal maps with square tiles. As the commander, the player must direct his or her forces to either destroy all the enemy forces or capture the enemy's capital city. In pursuit of this goal, the player attempts to take control of the cities, factories, airports, and harbors on each map. There are a total of 36 maps in the game.
The player and their opponent (the CPU or another player) take turns (or phases) in moving their army, which can deploy up to 50 units. Each of the units can be given an order, such as attacking enemy units, assisting friendly units, or conquering. Units can be land, sea, or air units, and can be deployed from near the player's capital using funds obtained from any of the player's properties. Land units can be sent out from cities or factories, air units from airports, and vessels from harbors. There are 24 different kinds of units that can be deployed by both armies.
Sequels.
A series of sequels to the original "Game Boy Wars" were later published several years after the original game was released. These sequels were developed and published by Hudson Soft instead of Nintendo and Intelligent Systems.
"Game Boy Wars Turbo".
"Game Boy Wars Turbo" is an enhanced version of the original "Game Boy Wars" that was released on June 24, . The main new feature in "Game Boy Wars Turbo" is that the CPU now has a better decision-making algorithm during its turns, allowing battles to proceed swifter than in the original. "Turbo" also features 50 new maps, as well as Super Game Boy support.
An alternate version of "Game Boy Wars Turbo" was released as a promotional giveaway by "Weekly Famitsu" featuring a set of maps submitted by readers of the magazine.
"Game Boy Wars 2".
"Game Boy Wars 2", the second of the "Game Boy Wars" sequels by Hudson Soft, was released on November 20, . It features support for the Super Game Boy and Game Boy Color. The CPU's decision-making algorithm has once again been improved and the game now displays which spaces the player can move into or attack when they're moving a unit, allowing for clearer decision making process for the player. There are 54 new maps in "Game Boy Wars 2".
"Game Boy Wars 3".
"Game Boy Wars 3", the third and final "Game Boy Wars" sequel produced by Hudson, was released on August 30, exclusively for the Game Boy Color. The working title during the game's development was "Game Boy Wars Pocket Tactics". 
The gameplay of "Game Boy Wars 3" is a departure from the previous "Game Boy Wars" titles, being modeled after the "Nectaris" series of war simulators that were also produced by Hudson. For example, indirect attack units can now move and attack at the same time in one turn. In contrast to the previous "Game Boy Wars" titles, having the required fund is not enough to produce certain units. The player must provide construction materials to the factories and cities as well. To do that, the player must deploy construction units to these sites and built the materials. These construction units can be used to cut down trees and create roads.
"Game Boy Wars 3" features a Beginner Mode, which gives the player a 16-part tutorial on how to play the game, as well as a Standard Mode in which the player can fight against the CPU or another player in one of 60 maps. There's also a Campaign Mode in which the player must fight through over 45 different maps that are dictated by a storyline, which has several branching points determined by the player's performance. A feature exclusive in the Campaign Mode is the ability to redeploy surviving units from a previous battle into the next one. Units gain experience points through combat, allowing them to be promoted from one of five ranks (D, C, B, A, and S), increasing their strength. Units who reach an S rank can be transformed into a new type of unit.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored "Game Boy Wars 3" a 31 out of 40.
Reception.
GamesRadar listed the "Game Boy Wars" series as one of the titles they want in the 3DS Virtual Console.

</doc>
<doc id="2866064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866064" title="Delta Aquilae">
Delta Aquilae

Delta Aquilae (δ Aql, δ Aquilae) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. The traditional name for this star is Denebokab. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 3.4 and, based upon parallax measurements, is located about from Earth.
Properties.
Delta Aquilae is an astrometric binary where the two components orbit each other with a period of 3.422 years and an eccentricity of about 0.36. This is a type of binary star system where the presence of the secondary component is revealed by its gravitational perturbation of the primary. The individual components have not been resolved with a telescope.
The primary component, Delta Aquilae A, is a subgiant star with a stellar classification of F0 IV, where the luminosity class of IV indicates it is in the process of exhausting the supply of hydrogen at its core and evolving into a giant star. The mass of the star is 65% greater than the Sun and it has expanded to more than double the Sun's radius. It is radiating around 7–8 times the luminosity of the Sun from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 7,016 K, giving it the yellow-white hue of an F-type star. Delta Aquilae A is a Delta Scuti variable that exhibits variations in luminosity caused by pulsations in its outer envelope. It is spinning rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of about . This is a lower bound on the azimuthal velocity along the star's equator.
The secondary component, Delta Aquilae B, is a smaller star with about 67% of the Sun's mass and an estimated 61% of the radius of the Sun. It may be a K-type star.
Etymology.
This star is sometimes called by the name Denebokab, meaning "the tail of eagle" in Arabic. In the catalogue of stars in the "Calendarium" of Al Achsasi al Mouakket, this star was designated Djenubi Menkib al Nesr (منكب ألنسر ألخنوبي - "mankib al-nasr al-janúbii"), which was translated into Latin as Australior Humerus Vulturis, meaning "the southern shoulder of the eagle".
In Chinese, (), meaning "Right Flag", refers to an asterism consisting of δ Aquilae, μ Aquilae, σ Aquilae, ν Aquilae, ι Aquilae, 42 Aquilae, HD 184701, κ Aquilae and 56 Aquilae. Consequently, δ Aquilae itself is known as (, .)
This star, along with η Aql and θ Aql (Tseen Foo) and, were Al Mizān (ألميزان), the Scale-beam. According to the catalogue of stars in the "Technical Memorandum 33-507 - A Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars", "Al Mizān" were the title for three stars :δ Aql as "Al Mizān I", η Aql as "l Mizān II" and θ Aql as "Al Mizān III".

</doc>
<doc id="2866065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866065" title="A Cold-Blooded Epitaph">
A Cold-Blooded Epitaph

A Cold-Blooded Epitaph is the first EP by The Black Dahlia Murder released in May 2002 on Lovelost Records, it is released as an MCD.
"The Blackest Incarnation" and "Closed Casket Requiem" were to be later released on their following, full-length album, "Unhallowed".
The EP features the cover of "Paint It, Black", originally performed by The Rolling Stones in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="2866066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866066" title="Middleton-on-Sea">
Middleton-on-Sea

Middleton-on-Sea is a village and civil parish in the Arun District of West Sussex, England, lying to the east of Bognor Regis and neighbouring Felpham. The parish also contains the settlements of Elmer and Ancton. The southern half is urban and the northern rural.
The village has a pub, "The Beresford Arms" named after Viscount William Beresford, who was a General in the British Army and also commander of the Portuguese armed forces.
In the 2001 census 5105 people lived in 2366 households, of whom 2206 were economically active, a lower than average proportion but higher than other coastal resorts.
History.
The ancient parish, called Middleton, had in 1881 but had been reduced in area in previous centuries by sea erosion. The configuration of the western and northern boundaries suggests that the parish was once part of Felpham, and the name Middleton may refer to the manor's central position between Felpham and either Elmer or Cudlow in Clymping. Part of the eastern boundary was formed c. 1310 by a ditch and part by Elmer pool, while the north-eastern boundary follows the Ryebank rife. The parish was enlarged in 1933 by the addition of Ancton from Felpham parish and in 1971 had ; its name was extended in 1934 to prevent confusion with other Middletons.
In 1801 there were only six houses in the parish; in 1841 there were nineteen, including the new manor house at Middleton and newly built coastguard cottages at Elmer. Most of the latter remained unoccupied after the departure of the coastguard until demolition between 1910 and 1932. Two larger houses were built during the same period: Middleton Field west of Yapton Road, home of the owner of the adjacent brickworks, and the half-timbered and pebbledashed Ancton Lodge.
At the junction of Middleton and Elmer roads with Yapton Road in 1606 were two or three dwellings; only one older building remained there in 1996, the one-storeyed, flint and thatched Rose Cottage, which is apparently 17th-century or earlier with 19th-century additions.
In 1910 the engineer Norman Thompson, attracted to the area by the large expanse of firm sand and the constant winds along the shore, founded an aircraft works which after the removal of much of the sand in a storm in 1913 turned to making seaplanes. The firm was later called the Norman Thompson Flight Co. During the First World War it supplied aircraft to the navy, the workforce growing from ten at the beginning to between 700 and 900. About 250 aircraft in all were built, but with the cancellation of orders at the end of the war the firm went into liquidation.
In 1921 Capt. R. Coldicott began to build detached houses, some large, along Sea Lane, afterwards laying out two branch roads from it roughly parallel to the coast: Sea Way to the west and Old Point to the east. Further houses were put up by him along and to the north of Middleton Road. By 1928 he had erected over 100, at peak output claiming to finish one every ten days.
In the 1920s, Middleton became a popular holiday destination. The 'New City' created by Sir Walter Blount, Bt., opened in 1922 in the former seaplane factory south of the church. It was one of the earliest attempts to provide a self-contained environment for enjoying the seaside. There were c. 200 bedrooms, all with central heating and half with private baths, besides a garage for 100 cars; visitors without cars could be met at Barnham station. Almost every form of amusement was claimed to be catered for. One of the hangars accommodated a dance hall and another indoor tennis courts; there were also outdoor tennis courts, a putting green, and rooms for cards and billiards. The New City had its own dairy, farm, ice generating plant, and mineral water factory, besides a laundry, hairdressing rooms, and lending library. By the mid-1920s it was said to be very popular with large numbers of 'distinguished' visitors.
Middleton Sports Club of Sea Lane was developed in the early 1920s by Capt. R. Coldicott, and was at first merely for cricket. Presently the club offers cricket, squash, tennis, hockey and bowls.
There was a church at Middleton in 1086. By the late 18th century most of the chancel had been destroyed by the sea, the south aisle demolished and its arcade filled in, and part of the west end including the tower removed. Repairs were carried out in 1803. There were seldom more than six or seven in the congregation in 1804.
A very high tide early in 1838 virtually destroyed what was left of the building, rendering it unusable; the ruins survived in 1847 but had disappeared by 1849. A small portion of the north part of the churchyard remained in 1860. 
The new church, with the same dedication, consists of apsed chancel and nave without structural division, and west porch and vestry. There is a bellcot. Of flint with stone dressings and some brick and in 13th-century style, the building was consecrated in 1849 on a site given by Richard Coote, lord of Middleton manor.
During 10, 11 and 12 June 2012, a once in a 200 or more years level of rainfall that led to widespread flooding across parts of West Sussex. The area of Middleton on Sea was much affected by flooding by surface water.

</doc>
<doc id="2866070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866070" title="Kevin McCarthy (director)">
Kevin McCarthy (director)

Kevin McCarthy is an American television director. He is best known as the director of the syndicated game show "Jeopardy!", and before that, he served as the show's associate director from 1984 until taking his current position in 1992. He also directed "Jeopardy!"'s spin-off program "Rock & Roll Jeopardy!" on VH1, and co-directed another Merv Griffin-created game show, "Click".
McCarthy has been nominated 21 times for "Jeopardy!" in the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game/Audience Participation Show, and won the award 6 times .

</doc>
<doc id="2866079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866079" title="Ellender Memorial High School">
Ellender Memorial High School

Ellender Memorial High School, is the fourth public high school located in Houma, Louisiana, United States. It is within the Terrebonne Parish School District.
Ellender Memorial High School was named after United States Senator Allen Joseph Ellender.
School uniforms.
The school requires its students to wear school uniforms. The school's designated alternate shirt colors are "Royal Blue" and Navy Blue.
External links.
Terrebonne Parish School Board website
Ellender Memorial High School website

</doc>
<doc id="2866082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866082" title="Glass Casket">
Glass Casket

Glass Casket is a deathcore band from Winston-Salem, North Carolina. They were originally called Gadrel when they released their first demo "To Cherish a Falsity". The band formed after several members previous band Narayan broke up. Dustie Waring and Blake Richardson are also members of Between the Buried and Me. Adam Cody is also a member of the grindcore band Columns. Jake Troth, who joined Glass Casket prior to the recording of "A Desperate Man's Diary", also played in Columns, but left the band in 2007. He was replaced in Columns by John Stone in October 2007. In December 2008 Adam joined North Carolina metalcore band Wretched. He sings for them.
Guitarist Dustie Waring has stated on Between the Buried and Me's message board that Glass Casket is writing a new record, and were set to be releasing it sometime in 2013, stating it will be more "brutal" than "A Desperate Man's Diary". In January 2014, Glass Casket announced Wes Hauch of The Faceless as their new guitarist.

</doc>
<doc id="2866094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866094" title="Epsilon Aquilae">
Epsilon Aquilae

Epsilon Aquilae (ε Aql, ε Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.02 and is visible to the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax of 21.05 mas, Epsilon Aquilae lies at a distance of approximately from Earth. This is a spectroscopic binary system. The pair orbit each other over a period of 1,271 days (3.5 years) with an eccentricity of 0.27.
It has the traditional name Deneb el Okab, from an Arabic term ذنب العقاب "ðanab al-cuqāb" meaning "the tail of the eagle", and the Mandarin names Woo and Yuë, derived from and represent the state Wu (吳), an old state was located at the mouth of the Yangtze River, and Yue (越), an old state in Zhejiang province (together with 19 Capricorni in "Twelve States" asterism). According to the R.H. Allen's works, it shares names with ζ Aquilae. Epsilon Aquilae is more precisely called "Deneb el Okab Borealis", because is situated to the north of Zeta Aquilae, which can therefore be called "Deneb el Okab Australis". 
The primary component of this system is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of K1 III. It has more than double the mass of the Sun and has expanded to ten times the Sun's radius. It shines with 54–fold the Sun's luminosity, which is being radiated from its outer envelope at an effective temperature of 4,760 K. At this heat, it glows with the orange-hue of a K-type star. This has been designated a barium star, meaning its atmosphere is extremely enriched with barium and other heavy elements. However, this is disputed, with astronomer Andrew McWilliam (1990) finding normal abundances from an s-process.

</doc>
<doc id="2866097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866097" title="Anna Cummer">
Anna Cummer

Anna Cummer is an actress from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. She spent half of her adolescence in Southeast Asia and the other half in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. She finished high school in Hong Kong at the French International School and studied drama in England where she completed two theatrical degrees. Since returning to Canada in 2000, Anna has established herself within the artistic community of Vancouver putting her vocal talents to good use as a voice-over artist, working in film and television, and performing in theatrical productions.
She is the recipient of several Jessie Richardson Theatre Award nominations and awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2866129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866129" title="Jungermanniaceae">
Jungermanniaceae

Jungermanniaceae is the namesake family of leafy liverworts. It is a group of small plants that are widely distributed. Several genera formerly included within the family are now classified in the Myliaceae or Solenostomataceae.
Most of the species of this family are found in temperate regions.
The main characteristics of the family:
1. The leaves are succubous. <br>
2. The leaves are unlobed and never decurrent along the stem.<br>
3. Perianth is terminal on the leading shoot. <br>
4. Rhizoids are scattered along the stem.
Family Description.
When the plants branch, the branches do not grow from the underside of the stem. The leaves are unlobed and have a smooth edge, and the underlobes are vestigial or absent. The rhizoids are scattered along the underside of the stem, and not restricted to specific patches near the underleaves.

</doc>
<doc id="2866131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866131" title="Killing Puritans">
Killing Puritans

Killing Puritans is the 4th studio album by Armand van Helden. It was released as CD and as quadruple vinyl.
Controversy.
Its cover art prominently featured an African child soldier, prone, and aiming a rifle. The image was controversial enough to prompt calls for a ban. Eventually, UK versions of the album were sold in a plain brown cardboard sleeve that concealed the offending image.

</doc>
<doc id="2866135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866135" title="Lower Suwannee National Wildlife Refuge">
Lower Suwannee National Wildlife Refuge

The Lower Suwannee National Wildlife Refuge (LSNWR) is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System. It is located in southeastern Dixie and northwestern Levy counties on the western coast of Florida, approximately fifty miles southwest of the city of Gainesville.
The wildlife refuge was established in 1979 to protect one of the largest undeveloped river delta systems in the United States. It includes twenty miles (32 km) of the Suwannee River estuary and twenty miles (32 km) of coastline. The constant influx of nutrients from the Suwannee River combined with numerous off-shore islands and tidal creeks create excellent wildlife habitat which supports kites, bald eagles, manatees, sturgeon, deer, and turkeys, to name but a few of the species which take refuge there. 
For tourists, the refuge offers bird and wildlife observation, wildlife photography, fishing, canoeing, hunting, and interpretive walks. As of 2005, a wildlife driving tour is under construction and several boardwalks and observation towers offer views of refuge wildlife and habitat.
Wildlife resources.
The Suwannee River and nearby bottomland hardwood swamps, pine forests, cypress domes, tidal creeks, and vast salt marshes provide habitat for thousands of creatures every year. Many species including white-tailed deer, Wild Turkey, bobcat, bats, alligator, raccoon and river otter are present throughout the year — feeding, nesting, loafing, and roaming the forests and swamps. Gulf sturgeon, Florida salt marsh vole, eastern indigo snake, gopher tortoise, and Wood Stork are examples of threatened or endangered species that find suitable habitat within the Refuge. Numerous birds, including the striking Swallow-tailed Kite, Bald Eagle, Osprey, Prothonotary Warbler, and dozens of species of shorebirds use the refuge seasonally then migrate farther south during winter months. More than 250 species of birds have been identified on the refuge, with at least 90 of those species actually nesting there.
The Refuge’s undisturbed coastal salt marshes, tidal creeks, and tidal flats are some of the most productive ecosystems in the world. These areas provide important foraging habitat for thousands of shorebirds, such as sandpipers, dowitchers, American Oystercatcher, Ruddy Turnstone, and plovers, as well as diving ducks. 
Wading birds appear in the summer, including American White Ibis, Great Egret, Snowy Egret, Cattle Egret, Great Blue Heron, Little Blue Heron, Green Heron, and Tricolored Heron, as well as the Limpkin and Wood Stork; many of them forage along the Suwannee and roost in the islands of the nearby Cedar Keys National Wildlife Refuge. 
These refuges also serve as a valuable nursery for fish, shrimp, shellfish and juvenile sea turtles. Freshwater fish, including largemouth bass, Suwannee bass, bluegill, redear sunfish and channel catfish are found in the river and its creeks. The West Indian Manatee and bottlenose dolphin can often be seen in the Suwannee River and just offshore where the river meets the Gulf of Mexico.
Wildlife surveys and censuses provide useful information regarding various Refuge species including Bald Eagles, Swallow-tailed Kites, breeding birds, and amphibians. Under special-use permits, the University of Florida and the United States Geological Survey are involved in on-going research activities on the Refuge for various species including salt marsh voles and mosquitoes.
Human historical significance.
A 9-meter (30 ft) prehistoric midden known as the Shell Mound, which may be as much as 3,000 years old, is enclosed within the Refuge, along with other evidence of ancient human habitation.
Habitat management.
Before the Lower Suwannee National Wildlife Refuge was established, much of the area was under commercial timber management, first by Putnam Lumber Company in the early 1900s, then by a succession of other timber and paper companies, notably Georgia-Pacific and Packaging Corporation of America. In the late 20th century, efforts were initiated to restore many of these areas to a more natural, pre-exploitation condition. Acres of loblolly pines were cruised, marked and selectively thinned — and in some cases clear-cut — to move toward reforestation to a native sandhill community of longleaf pine and wiregrass. Scrubland habitat is being restored and improved on high, dry sandy ridge areas where it was originally found.
In 2001, a conservation easement on the nearby California Swamp was acquired by the Suwannee River Water Management District, improving habitat preservation throughout the area. [http://www.forestsystems.com/news/nov_2001.htm]
Wildfires from lightning strikes have always occurred naturally throughout much of the United States and is a critical component of many Florida ecosystems: many species of wildlife such as the Florida Scrub-Jay depend on fire to sustain their habitat. Today, many of those fires cannot be left to burn unmanaged due to development. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service is one of many agencies that use prescribed fire to mimic natural fires in a controlled manner. Fire lines are established with heavy equipment, trained personnel operate under a specific plan, and fires are intentionally set to help reduce hazardous fuels in the wildland/urban interface, replenish nutrients into the soil, and control vegetation by reducing undesirable species or vegetation heights. The goal is to burn areas that need fire every two to five years to maintain optimum habitat conditions.
At times, the refuge water management activities (i.e. controlling water levels with man-made structures such as culverts) create additional seasonal habitat for wading birds. Due to tidal influence, this activity is not often needed.

</doc>
<doc id="2866143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866143" title="Ari Libsker">
Ari Libsker

Ari Libsker (, born 1972 in Haifa), in opposition to Israeli government plans to go to war with Iran.
Film making.
One of his first films, "Circumcision" (Israel 2004, 30 min, channel 2) dealt with the harmful effects of circumcision. Channel 2 tried to censor the movie and in the end broadcast it at a late hour. The movie got a lot of response and criticism.
Libsker is a film tutor and a business journalist for Firma magazine (Globes), the Israeli financial paper.
In the late 1990s he founded, with others the "Free Academy" group. In 2002 he starred as an actor in the short Baboon group film depicting the life of a Tel Avivan Van Gogh. Since 2004 he co-edits Maayan Magazine, a magazine of poetry and ideas, and the film magazine Maarvon. One of their exhibitions was named "I Slept with Ari Libsker" and was held on a roof in Tel Aviv, another one was named "Sharon" on the connection between the wealthy Sharon plain area in Israel and the former PM Ariel Sharon.
In May 2006 Libsker presented a video work called ""Magic 2"" at the exhibition "Doron" that refers to Doron Sabag, exhibited in the Minshar gallery of Tel Aviv. It dealt with art and workers rights.
In 2007 Libsker worked on a feature documentary film called "Stalags". During the early 1960s in Israel and the Adolf Eichmann trial "Stalags" were pornographic booklet describing masochistic brutal sex relationship between Nazi women wardens and concentration camp prisoners. The film analyzes the reasons behind the phenomenon.
On September 6, 2007 Libsker was interviewed by "The New York Times" on pre-release of his film. He said in part, “I realized that the first Holocaust pictures I saw, as one who grew up here, were of naked women. We were in elementary school. I remember how embarrassed we were.”.[http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/06/world/middleeast/06stalags.html].
A year later Libsker completed The Home Poem (Israel 2006, 60 min.) a movie that followed three people, one of them his grandmother and their relation to home. (The name "Home Poem" is in respect to the same titled book by poet Aharon Shabtai).
On 2010 he pretended to be a rich Croatian real estate genius to infiltrate the apartment of defense minister Ehud Barak and try to purchase it from his wife Nili, for a Calcalist Hebrew magazine article [http://www.calcalist.co.il/local/articles/0,7340,L-3393354,00.html].

</doc>
<doc id="2866145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866145" title="Felsennest">
Felsennest

At the start of the Western European campaign of 1940, the Felsennest ("Rocky Eyrie" in English) was the codename for one of Hitler's Führer Headquarters near Bad Münstereifel, Germany. It was much more cramped than Adolf Hitler's other field bunkers, having only four rooms. Hitler was at the Felsennest in the autumn of 1939, because there were plans to invade France and the Low Countries. He was there again on May 10, 1940 when the invasion took place.

</doc>
<doc id="2866146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866146" title="Calleva">
Calleva

Calleva is the largest outdoor education organization in Central Maryland, USA, established to provide outdoor team building opportunities for groups such as schools and companies, and to take groups of individuals on excursions throughout Maryland, Virginia, and West Virginia.
History.
Calleva was owned by Nick and Alex Markoff, whose family was involved in the summer camp business for generations. In the fall of 1993, in order to raise capital, they held the first ever Markoff's Haunted Forest. Camp Calleva began in the summer of 1994. In 1997 programs for schools became available throughout the entire year, offering natural history and group challenge courses. They also offered week long high adventure programs during the summer. In 1998 the first ever Calleva Challenge was held, a triathlon of sorts on the Potomac River. This was later renamed the Potomac Challenge in 1999.
Programs.
Calleva offers outdoor programming. They use a fleet of buses that can make pickups virtually anywhere in Central Maryland, and bring people to the activities. They have a staff that has been certified to take people on outdoor activities.
Programs.
Also available is the Calleva Ski Club during the winter, and the LIT (Leadership in Training) program during the summer.
Locations.
Riley's Lock.
13015 Riley's Lock Rd. Poolesville MD 20837
The main office of Calleva, the hub of Camp Calleva, where Calleva's maintenance facility and bus fleet are located. It sits adjacent to the Potomac River and the C&O Canal.
Markoff's Farm.
19120 Martinsburg Rd. Dickerson MD 20842
The farm is the home of Markoff's Haunted Forest, and CEEP (Calleva Equestrian Educational Programming) horseback riding, and Calleva's agricultural tourism program.
Seneca Barn.
15209 Seneca Rd. Darnestown, MD 20874
Most of Calleva's private horseback riding parties take place here. All Calleva Explorers groups are taken here for half a day of activities, which includes horseback riding and archery
Adventure Island.
Potomac River, MD / VA
Calleva's private island, located in the Potomac river. On it are ropes courses, green buildings, and trails. The island is surrounded by river and rapids.

</doc>
<doc id="2866157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866157" title="Jesus (name)">
Jesus (name)

The proper name Jesus used in the English language originates from the Latin form of the Greek name Ἰησοῦς ("Iēsous"), a rendition of the Hebrew "Yeshua" (ישוע), also having the variants "Joshua" or "Jeshua". In a religious context the name refers to Jesus, the central figure of Christianity.
Jesús is a popular personal name in the Hispanic Christian sphere of influence (where it is spelled with an accented 'u' "Jesús" and pronounced ). In Mexico, persons with that name are often called by the nickname "Chuy".
Etymology and origins.
Etymology.
The word Jesus used in the New Testament comes from the Latin form of the Greek name Ἰησοῦς ("Iēsous"), a rendition of the Hebrew "Yeshua" (ישוע), also used as "Joshua" or "Yesua". The name is thus related to the Hebrew consonantal verb root verb "y-š-ʕ" (to rescue or deliver) and the Hebrew noun "yešuaʕ" (deliverance).
There have been a number of proposals as to the origin and etymological origin of the name "Jesus" (cf. ). The name is related to the Hebrew form Joshua, which is a theophoric name first mentioned within the Biblical tradition in . This name is usually considered to be a compound of two parts: "Yeho", a theophoric reference to YHWH, the name of the God of Israel, plus "Hosea" a form derived from the Hebrew triconsonantal root "y-š-ʕ" or י-ש-ע "to liberate, save". There have been various proposals as to how the literal etymological meaning of the name should be translated, including: YHWH "saves", (is) "salvation", (is) "a saving-cry", (is) "a cry-for-saving", (is) "a cry-for-help", (is) "my help".
This early Biblical Hebrew name "Yehoshua`" underwent a shortening into later Biblical "Yeshua`", as found in the Hebrew text of verses Ezra 2:2, 2:6, 2:36, 2:40, 3:2, 3:8, 3:9, 3:10, 3:18, 4:3, 8:33; Nehemiah 3:19, 7:7, 7:11, 7:39, 7:43, 8:7, 8:17, 9:4, 9:5, 11:26, 12:1, 12:7, 12:8, 12:10, 12:24, 12:26; 1 Chronicles 24:11; and 2 Chronicles 31:15 – as well as in Biblical Aramaic at verse Ezra 5:2. These Bible verses refer to ten individuals (in Nehemiah 8:17, the name refers to Joshua son of Nun). This historical change may have been due to a phonological shift whereby guttural phonemes weakened, including . Usually, the traditional theophoric element "Yahu" was shortened at the beginning of a name to "Yo-", and at the end to "-yah". In the contraction of "Yehoshua`" to "Yeshua`", the vowel is instead fronted (perhaps due to the influence of the "y" in the triliteral root ""). During the post-Biblical period the further shortened form "Yeshu" was adopted by Aramaic and Hebrew speaking Jews to refer to the Christian Jesus, however "Yehoshua" continued to be used for the other figures called Jesus.
In both Latin and Greek, the name is declined irregularly:
By the time the New Testament was written, the Septuagint had already transliterated ישוע "Yeshua`" into Koine Greek as closely as possible in the 3rd-century BCE, the result being "Iēsous". Since Greek had no equivalent to the semitic letter "shin" it was replaced with a σ "sigma" [s, and a masculine singular ending [-s] was added in the nominative case, in order to allow the name to be inflected for case (nominative, accusative, etc.) in the grammar of the Greek language. The diphthongal vowel of Masoretic "Yehoshua`" or "Yeshua`" would not have been present in Hebrew/Aramaic pronunciation during this period, and some scholars believe some dialects dropped the pharyngeal sound of the final letter "`ayin" [`, which in any case had no counterpart in ancient Greek. The Greek writings of Philo of Alexandria and Josephus frequently mention this name. It also occurs in the Greek New Testament at Acts 7:45 and Hebrews 4:8, referring to Joshua son of Nun.
From Greek, "Iēsous" moved into Latin at least by the time of the Vetus Latina. The morphological jump this time was not as large as previous changes between language families. "Iēsous" was transliterated to Latin "IESVS", where it stood for many centuries. The Latin name has an irregular declension, with a genitive, dative, ablative, and vocative of "Jesu", accusative of "Jesum", and nominative of "Jesus". Minuscule (lower case) letters were developed around 800 and some time later the U was invented to distinguish the vowel sound from the consonantal sound and the J to distinguish the consonant from I. Similarly, Greek minuscules were invented about the same time, prior to that the name was written in Capital letters: or abbreviated as: with a line over the top, see also Christogram.
Modern English Jesus derives from Early Middle English "Iesu" (attested from the 12th century). The name participated in the Great Vowel Shift in late Middle English (15th century). The letter J was first distinguished from 'I' by the Frenchman Pierre Ramus in the 16th century, but did not become common in Modern English until the 17th century, so that early 17th century works such as the first edition of the King James Version of the Bible (1611) continued to print the name with an I.
From the Latin, the English language takes the forms "Jesus" (from the nominative form), and "Jesu" (from the vocative and oblique forms). "Jesus" is the predominantly used form, while "Jesu" lingers in some more archaic texts.
Biblical references.
The name Jesus appears to have been in use in Palestine at the time of the birth of Jesus. Moreover, Philo's reference in "Mutatione Nominum" item 121 to Joshua () meaning salvation () of the Lord indicates that the etymology of Joshua was known outside Palestine. Other historical figures named Jesus include Jesus Barabbas, Jesus ben Ananias and Jesus ben Sirach.
In the New Testament, in an angel tells Mary to name her child Jesus, and in an angel tells Joseph to name the child Jesus during Joseph's first dream. Matthew 1:21 indicates the salvific implications of the name Jesus when the angel instructs Joseph: "you shall call his name Jesus, for he will save his people from their sins". It is the only place in the New Testament where "saves his people" appears with "sins". Matthew 1:21 provides the beginnings of the Christology of the name Jesus. At once it achieves the two goals of affirming Jesus as the savior and emphasizing that the name was not selected at random, but based on a Heavenly command.
Other usage.
Medieval English and Jesu.
John Wycliffe (1380s), used the spelling "Jhesus", and also used "Jhesu" in oblique cases, and also in the accusative, and sometimes, apparently without motivation, even for the nominative. Tyndale in the 16th century has the occasional "Iesu" in oblique cases and in the vocative; The 1611 King James Version uses "Iesus" throughout, regardless of syntax. "Jesu" came to be used in English, especially in hymns.
"Jesu" ( ; from Latin "Iesu") is sometimes used as the vocative of Jesus in English. The oblique form, "Iesu.", came to be used in Middle English.
Other languages.
In East Scandinavian, German and several other languages, the name Jesus is used. Some other language usage is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="2866170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866170" title="Red Cliffs, Victoria">
Red Cliffs, Victoria

Red Cliffs is a town in Victoria, Australia in the Sunraysia region. It is located on the Calder Highway, 16 km south of Mildura and 544 km north-west of Melbourne. 
At the 2006 census, Red Cliffs had a population of 4596. The main industry is the growing of citrus fruits and grapes. Red Cliffs takes its name from the 70 m cliffs 4.5 km east of the town that have an apparent red/orange colour.
History.
The area was first settled by Europeans in 1918. Following the First World War, 700 soldiers settled in the town, and began work on establishing the vineyards which would become the town's chief industry. The Post Office opened on August 4, 1920.
More land was sold to soldiers following the Second World War.
Culture.
Schools.
Red Cliffs has three primary schools, Red Cliffs Primary School, Red Cliffs East Primary School and St. Joseph's Primary School and one secondary school, Red Cliffs Secondary College.
Sport.
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Sunraysia Football League.
Golfers play at the course of the Red Cliffs Golf Club on 22nd Street.
The town also has its own cricket association, the RCCA. The association has 3 grades and includes teams from the Sunraysia/Millewa and Ouyen areas.
Big Lizzie.
Red Cliffs features a permanent public exhibit called Big Lizzie, a large tractor. Frank Bottrill was the designer, builder and operator of "Big Lizzie". One of its features was the use of the Bottrill dreadnought wheel which he designed, and which he also fitted to other machines. Botrill was inspired by his experiences in the 1800s witnessing the suffering of camels carrying heavy loads. The wheel was designed to work in sandy soils. The design was effective but was later outdated by the caterpillar track. When it was built "Big Lizzie" was the biggest tractor in Australia and thought to be the biggest in the world, at 34 feet high by 18 feet wide, and weighing 45 tons. It had two trailers also fitted with Bottrill wheels.
Lunar Festival.
The Red Cliffs Lunar Festival is held every March to celebrate the end of the grape harvest. The event includes a street parade, musical performances, street market, bicycle race and an evening outdoor film screening. It is organised by the Red Cliffs Rotary Club.

</doc>
<doc id="2866172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866172" title="Bluegate Fields">
Bluegate Fields

Bluegate Fields (also known as Blue Gate Fields) was one of the worst slum areas that once existed just north of the old, east London docks during the Victorian era. Two streets in the area had actually been named Bluegate Fields at different times – present-day Dellow St. (along the eastern edge of the St. George’s-in-the-East church yard) is one of them – Cable Street (along the northern edge of the church yard) is the other.

</doc>
<doc id="2866179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866179" title="Lya De Putti">
Lya De Putti

Lya De Putti (January 10, 1897 – November 27, 1931) was a Hungarian film actress of the silent era, noted for her portrayal of vamp characters.
Early life and career.
Born as Amália Putti () in Vécse, Austria-Hungary (today Vojčice, Slovakia), she was one of the four children of Julius de Putti (), a cavalry officer, and his wife, the former Mária Holyos (). She had two brothers, Géza and Sándor, the latter served as a first lieutenant in the Austro-Hungarian army, and a sister, Mária.
She began her stage career on the Hungarian Vaudeville circuit. She soon progressed to Berlin, where after performing in the ballet, she made her screen debut in 1918. She became the premiere danseuse at the Berlin Winter Garden in 1924. 
Around that time German film director Jol Mai noticed her and cast her in her first important film, "The Mistress of the World". She followed this success with noteworthy performances in "Manon Lescaut" and 
"Varieté" (1925). The latter featured her opposite Emil Jannings and directed by E. A. Dupont. Both films are UFA productions. While in Germany, De Putti starred with such actors as Conrad Veidt, Alfred Abel, Werner Krauss, Grete Mosheim, and Lil Dagover and was filmed by directors F. W. Murnau and Fritz Lang.
The actress came to America in February 1926. At the time she told reporters she was twenty-two years old. Her ocean liner's records list her as having been twenty-six. De Putti was generally cast as a vamp character, and often wore her dark hair short, in a style similar to that of Louise Brooks or Colleen Moore. De Putti starred in D. W. Griffith's "The Sorrows of Satan" (1926). The film was released in two versions, one in America and the other in Europe. In the American version one scene had De Putti fully dressed. The same scene in the European release had De Putti topless.
Private life.
De Putti was once rumored to be engaged to Count Ludwig von Salm-Hoogstraeten, a former husband of the American oil heiress Millicent Rogers. She denied the engagement. In 1913, she married Zoltán Szepessy, a county magistrate. They divorced in 1918. The couple had two daughters, Ilona (b. 1914) and Judith (b. 1916).
Return to Broadway.
The following year, De Putti went to Hollywood, but found little success there. Despite working with such distinguished actors as Adolphe Menjou and Zasu Pitts, she failed to make it big, and left the screen by 1929 to attempt to restart her career on Broadway. 
Her Hollywood efforts were inhibited by her foreign accent. Later she went to England to make silent movies and studied the English language. Soon she returned to America to attempt "talkies". 
She was hospitalized to have a chicken bone removed from her throat, and contracted a throat infection. She was taken to the Harbor Sanitarium, then located at 667 Madison Avenue.
She reportedly behaved irrationally and eluded her nurses. Eventually she was found in a corridor. She developed pleurisy in her right side, followed by pneumonia in both lungs.
Death.
She died in 1931, aged 34, in the Harbor Sanitorium, leaving just £800 (UK equivalent at the time) and a few bits of jewellery. Four years earlier, £800 was her weekly wage. She is interred in the Ferncliff Cemetery in Hartsdale, New York.
Filmography.
Features:

</doc>
<doc id="2866180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866180" title="List of Australian criminals">
List of Australian criminals

This is a list of Australian people who have been convicted of crimes.
"See": Australians
Bank robbers.
Australians convicted of bank robbery:
Drug traffickers.
Australians convicted of drug-related crimes both in Australia and overseas.
Families.
Notable Australian criminal families.
Fraudsters.
Australians convicted of fraud
Murderers.
Australians convicted of murder.
Serial killers.
Australians convicted of multiple murders
Child sex offenders.
Australians convicted of child sex offences.
Rapists.
Australians convicted of rape
Others.
Australians convicted of other offences

</doc>
<doc id="2866181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866181" title="Dora Gerson">
Dora Gerson

Dora Gerson (23 March 1899 – 14 February 1943) was a Jewish German cabaret singer and motion picture actress of the silent film era who died with her family at Auschwitz concentration camp.
Life and career.
Born Dorothea Gerson in Berlin, Gerson began her career as a touring singer and actress in the Holtorf Tournee Truppe alongside actor Mathias Wieman in Germany where she met and married her first husband, film director Veit Harlan. The couple married in 1922 and divorced in 1924. Harlan would later direct the anti-Semitic Nazi propaganda film "Jud Süß" (1940) at the insistence of Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels.
In 1920, Gerson was cast to appear in the successful film adaptation of the Karl May penned novel "Auf den Trümmern des Paradieses (On the Brink of Paradise)" and later followed that same year in another May adaptation entitled "Die Todeskarawane (Caravan of Death)". Both films included Hungarian actor Béla Lugosi in the cast. Both films are now lost films. Gerson continued to perform as a popular cabaret singer throughout the 1920s as well as acting in films.
By 1933 however, when the Nazi Party came to power in Germany, the German-Jewish population was systematically stripped of rights and Gerson's career slowed dramatically. Blacklisted from performing in "Aryan" films, Gerson began recording music for a small Jewish record company. She also began recording in the Yiddish language during this time and the 1936 song "Der Rebe Hot Geheysn Freylekh Zayn" became highly regarded by the Jews of Europe in the 1930s. Gerson's most memorable recordings from this era were the songs "Backbord und Steuerbord" and "Vorbei" (Beyond Recall), which was an emotional ballad, memorializing pre-Nazi Germany: 
Death.
In 1936, Gerson relocated with relatives to the Netherlands, fleeing Nazi persecution. She had married a second time to Max Sluizer (b. 24 June 1906). On 10 May 1940, Germany invaded the Netherlands and the Jews there were subject to the same anti-Semitic laws and restrictions as in Germany. After several years of living under oppressive Nazi occupation, the Gerson family began to plan to escape. In 1942, Gerson and her family were seized trying to flee to Switzerland, a neutral nation in World War II Europe. The family were sent by railroad car to transit camp Westerbork bound for the Nazi camp of Auschwitz in Nazi-occupied Poland. Dora (aged 43), along with her husband and their two children, Miriam Sluizer (b. 19 November 1937) and Abel Juda Sluizer (b. 21 May 1940), died at Auschwitz on 14 February 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="2866186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866186" title="Modena (racing team)">
Modena (racing team)

Modena Team SpA was a Formula One team from Italy that contested a single season in 1991. The team had a rather muddy history, and are often referred to as the Lambo or Lamborghini team because of its connections to the Italian automotive manufacturer.
The team first emerged as GLAS in early 1990. It was to be financed by wealthy Mexican businessman Fernando Gonzalez Luna, who was reported to be investing around $20 million in the team, and it was to be run by former Italian journalist Leopoldo Canettoli. The young team had approached Italian sportscar manufacturer Lamborghini, to not only supply them with their latest V12 Formula One engines, but to also design and build the chassis. Lamborghini had established a Formula One specific division in 1988, Lamborghini Engineering, to oversee their burgeoning Formula One programme and they entered the sport in 1989 as an engine supplier. 1991 would be the firm's first attempt at designing and building a Formula One car. Former Alfa Romeo and Spirit driver Mauro Baldi was proposed as a part-backer and driver for the team.
Lamborghini Engineering had tasked Mauro Forghieri, with the assistance of Mario Tolentino, to design and build a Formula One car. By the summer of 1990 they had completed the process and had a rolling chassis ready for testing, only for Luna to disappear, taking all his money with him. This left a huge hole in the team's finances and effectively put its future in doubt. However, Lamborghini were determined to keep the project going as they already had the engines and now they had a Formula One car. So, the Italian firm injected a sum of money into the team to keep it running, they relocated it to Modena in Italy, which resulted in a subsequent name change taken from the team's new home, installed Italian industrialist and former Fila boss Carlo Patrucco as Team Principal, and entered the 1991 Formula One season. Lamborghini were reluctant to have the team viewed as a "works" team though, as this might reflect badly on the marque, so it was entered as Modena Team SpA. Most media sources and fans ignored this, referring to the team as Lambo or Lamborghini. However, it was noted that after an initial lump sum from Lamborghini, Modena Team were an entirely independent business entity and received no further investment or financial assistance from Lamborghini.
The whole name-change would cause great confusion throughout the season. It was essentially a full on Lamborghini Engineering team, as they had designed and built the chassis, the chassis carried the firm's name, it was powered by a Lamborghini engine, and yet they were adamant on having it named differently and went about registering it under a different name, resulting in the team known as Modena but the cars as Lambo 291's on the official entry list. "Modena" was also the surname of Stefano Modena, a driver who would be contesting the 1991 season for Tyrrell.
The Lambo 291 was a rather eye-catching and sleek looking chassis, with its distinctive blue colour scheme, triangular sidepods and slanting radiators. Slanting radiators would actually become a key Formula One design trend many years later, continuing to this day. Mauro Baldi was the first driver to test-drive the new car, testing it in late 1990. The team then hired former Minardi man Jaime Manca Graziadei as Team Manager, who resigned before the first GP of the season. Former Italian Formula 3 champion, Coloni and Osella driver Nicola Larini, and 1990 International F3000 runner-up Eric van de Poele were signed as the team's drivers. Mario Tolentino would be Larini's race engineer while former Formula One driver Dave Morgan was hired as van de Poele's engineer.
Both cars had to face pre-qualifying for the first half of the season and each driver only made it through into the race on one occasion - Larini eventually coming 7th at the opening United States Grand Prix, and van de Poele running 5th at the San Marino Grand Prix, and on course for 2 world championship points, before a problem with the fuel system brought him to a halt on the last lap, literally within sight of the flag, resulting in van de Poele being classified as 9th.
By mid-season the team were in dire financial straights, unable to secure any meaningful sponsorship and Lamborghini refusing to release any additional funds. Though the team were now clear of pre-qualifying when the process was reorganised, thanks to a count-back to Larini's 7th place at Phoenix, they were unable to make any progress. Larini got through to a further four races (spinning out of the German Grand Prix, coming 16th at the Hungarian Grand Prix and Italian Grand Prix and colliding with Jean Alesi at the Australian Grand Prix). Foghieri had also left his post as Technical Director mid-season to refocus on his role with Lamborghini Engineering and oversee the design of an all new engine for the 1992 Formula One season.
By season's end, Modena Team SpA had run up huge debts and with Lamborghini no longer providing financial aid, the team was at the end of the road. Forghieri returned to try and organise Modena as a viable independent entity from Lamborghini Engineering, or attempt a merger with the Larrousse Formula One team or Reynard's stillborn F1 project to save the team. However, neither proposal came to fruition. The questions about its future had not prevented the team from independently commissioning Sergio Rinland to design a car for the 1992 Formula One season, a project Rinland had already begun in October 1991. Rumours were that the team would either use Judd V8 engines or continue the relationship with Lamborghini as engine suppliers. Ultimately, the team disappeared before the season under a mountain of debts, unable to find any form of viable investment or secure a deal to save it.

</doc>
<doc id="2866190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866190" title="Washitsu">
Washitsu

, meaning "Japanese-style room(s)", is a Japanese term used as an antonym for the term "yōshitsu" (洋室), meaning "Western-style room(s)." Another term for "washitsu" is "nihonma" (日本間), and the corresponding term for "yōshitsu" is "yōma" (洋間).
A distinguishing feature of "washitsu" (or "nihonma") is their tatami flooring. "Washitsu" also usually have sliding doors (fusuma), rather than hinged doors between rooms. They may have shōji and, if the particular room is meant to serve as a reception room for guests, it may have a tokonoma (alcove for decorative items).
In the past, almost all Japanese rooms were "washitsu", and Japanese people slept on futons laid on the "tatami" and sat directly on the tatami or on zabutons set on the "tatami". Nowadays, many Japanese houses have only one "washitsu", which is sometimes used for entertaining guests, and most rooms are Western-style. Many new construction Japanese apartments do not have "washitsu" at all, instead using linoleum or hardwood floors.
The size of a washitsu is measured by the number of tatami mats, using the counter word "jō" (畳). Typical sizes are six or eight tatami mats in a private home. There are also half-sized mats, as in a 4.5 tatami room.
The furniture in a washitsu may include a low table at which a family may eat dinner or entertain guests, while sitting on "zabuton" or a low chair intended for use on tatami. A kotatsu, which is a particular type of low table that contains a heating element used in the wintertime, may also be provided; this is particularly important as most Japanese homes do not have central heating.

</doc>
<doc id="2866198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866198" title="Demonax">
Demonax

Demonax (, "Dēmōnax", "gen".: Δημώνακτος; c. AD 70 – c. 170) was a Greek Cynic philosopher. Born in Cyprus, he moved to Athens, where his wisdom, and his skill in solving disputes, earned him the admiration of the citizens. He taught Lucian, who wrote a "Life of Demonax" in praise of his teacher. When he died he received a magnificent public funeral.
Life.
The only source we have for the life of Demonax is Lucian, who describes Demonax in glowing terms, in contrast to the disreputable Cynics who Lucian reviled. He is not mentioned by any other contemporary writer. He is mentioned in the 5th century by Eunapius, but only because he knows of him from Lucian's work. It is possible, therefore, that Demonax is a character invented by Lucian. There are, however, some sayings attributed to Demonax found in anthologies compiled by later writers which are not found in Lucian's work.
Demonax was born c. 70 AD, in Cyprus, where he belonged to an influential family. He was led by a love of philosophy to become a philosopher. He was taught by the best philosophers of the day, including Agathobulus, Demetrius, and Epictetus. He eventually moved to Athens, where he seems initially to have offended the citizens, but eventually he came to be regarded with reverence for his resolute character:
To a natural impulse towards the good, an innate yearning for philosophy which manifested itself in childish years, that he owed his superiority to all the things that ordinary men pursue. He took independence and candour for his guiding principles, lived himself an upright, wholesome, irreproachable life, and exhibited to all who saw or heard him the model of his own disposition and philosophic sincerity.
He is described as a peace-maker, able to bring harmony between husband and wife, and to solve disputes between brothers. Lucian compares him to both Socrates and Diogenes, and when Demonax was asked which philosophers he preferred, he is said to have replied, "I admire them all; Socrates I revere, Diogenes I admire, Aristippus I love."
When Demonax was once asked why he never sacrificed to Athena, he replied, "he did not sacrifice to Athena, because she could not want his offerings." Similarly, he avoided initiation into the Eleusian Mysteries, saying, "if the mysteries were bad, no one ought to be initiated; if good, they should be divulged to everybody."
He apparently lived to be nearly a hundred, by which time the Athenians loved him dearly:
Not Athens only, but all Greece was so in love with him that as he passed the great would give him place and there would be a general hush. Towards the end of his long life he would go uninvited into the first house that offered, and there get his dinner and his bed, the household regarding it as the visit of some heavenly being which brought them a blessing. When they saw him go by, the baker-wives would contend for the honour of supplying him, and a happy woman was the actual donor. Children too used to call him father, and bring him offerings of fruit.
He was said to have died (c. 170 AD) by starving himself, and the Athenians gave him a magnificent public funeral.
The crater Demonax on the Moon is named after him. Demonax is also a genus of longicorn beetles (Cerambycidae), characterised in part by possessing several spines on their antennae.
Lucian's "Life of Demonax".
Most of Lucian's account of Demonax is filled with pithy sayings in order to illustrate Demonax's (or Lucian's) wit. Long lists of anecdotes (known as "chreia"), were often collected concerning philosophers, especially Cynic philosophers, in order to demonstrate their character and wit:
When he once had a winter voyage to make, a friend asked how he liked the thought of being capsized and becoming food for fishes. "I should be very unreasonable to mind giving them a meal, considering how many they have given me."
To a rhetorician who had given a very poor declamation he recommended constant practice. "Why, I am always practising to myself," said the man. "Ah, that accounts for it; you are accustomed to such a foolish audience."

</doc>
<doc id="2866199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866199" title="Murrayville, Victoria">
Murrayville, Victoria

Murrayville is a town on the section of the Mallee Highway between Ouyen and the South Australian border. It is about east of the South Australian border and north west of the state capital Melbourne, but east of Adelaide. At the 2006 census, Murrayville had a population of 444.
The Post Office opened on 1 November 1910.
The area of the locality contains a number of smaller areas namely Duddo which had a post office open from 1913 until 1918, Duddo Wells with a post office from 1914 until 1950, Danyo with a post office from 1912 (when the railway arrived) until 1975, and Goongee.
The town's main industry is cereal crops, sheep and cattle, other industries are potato farming and other small crops. Irrigation is only supplied to the potato farms by an underground basin of high quality water. 
The town runs a dramatic society that has been running for 46 years straight.
Golfers play at the course of the Murrayville Golf Club. 
During Easter, 2010 Murrayville celebrated their Centenary. Visitors from all over Australia attended with 1300 dinner meals delivered on the Saturday night and 900 for the Sunday evening meal. Included in the attractions were a collection of antique farm machinery, a display of old cars, an animal nursery, a bucking bull and a dual carriage small motorised train.
Murrayville is the birthplace of former Formula One driver and six time Bathurst 1000 winner Larry Perkins.

</doc>
<doc id="2866203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866203" title="James Wilfred Estey">
James Wilfred Estey

James Wilfred (Bill) Estey (December 1, 1889 – January 22, 1956) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and jurist.
Born in Keswick Ridge, New Brunswick, the son of Byron Leslie Estey and Sarah Ann Kee, he received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of New Brunswick in 1910. In 1915, he received a Bachelor of Law from Harvard University in 1915. On 1917, he was called to the Saskatchewan bar . He practiced law as a Crown Prosecutor until 1929. He also taught law and economics at the University of Saskatchewan.
In 1934, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal. From 1934 to 1941, he was the Minister of Education. From 1939 to 1944, he was the Attorney General.
He was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada on October 6, 1944 and served until his death in 1956. He was the second Saskatchewan judge of the Supreme Court (the first was John Henderson Lamont) and succeeded Sir Lyman Poore Duff.
He is the father of Willard Estey, also a justice of the Supreme Court of Canada. He was a Baptist and a teetotaller. [http://www.thinkrsplaw.com/about_us/history/estey/]

</doc>
<doc id="2866208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866208" title="Vodenos">
Vodenos

Vodenos or Vosenios was a king of the Cantiaci of south-eastern Britain, and is known only from coin legends. He seems to have succeeded Dubnovellaunus to the throne of the Cantiaci towards the end of the 1st century BC, although their reigns may have been contemporary or overlapped. He ruled until ca. 15 AD, and was succeeded by Eppillus, probably the former king of the Atrebates.

</doc>
<doc id="2866213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866213" title="Victims of the Past">
Victims of the Past

Victims of the Past (original German title: Opfer der Vergangenheit) was a Nazi propaganda film made in 1937. This movie was a sequel to "Erbkrank" ("Hereditarily Ill"), which showed horrific images of lunatics in German asylums in order to bolster public support for the planned T-4 Euthanasia Program for the mentally ill. The practices of providing institutions and care for the victims of hereditary diseases are described as transgressing the law of natural selection, and the expense of such care is depicted as drain on healthy workers, and preventing the use of such money to help healthy Germans make better lives.
It was shown in every cinema in Germany. Adolf Hitler reportedly liked it.
Like the other five movies depicting the condition of the mentally ill in Germany, the movie was produced by the NS-Rasse und Politisches Amt (National Socialist Racial and Political Office). However, this film was the only one produced with sound.

</doc>
<doc id="2866214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866214" title="Matthiessen State Park">
Matthiessen State Park

Matthiessen State Park is an Illinois state park located a few miles south of the more famous Starved Rock State Park. The main entrances to both parks are located on Illinois State Route 178.
The park is near Oglesby, in LaSalle County, Illinois, USA. It is named for Frederick William Matthiessen, who had originally owned the of property that is at the core of the current park and managed it as a private park. The area was originally referred to as Deer Park, in reference to the large deer population. The park was donated to Illinois following Matthiessen's death, and was renamed in his honor in 1943. The name Deer Park Dells remains a nickname among locals. Since then, land was added, growing the park to .
The park is centered around a stream that flows from Matthiessen Lake to the Vermilion River. The stream has cut partway through the sandstone layers, leaving interesting rock formations and drops. The Upper Dells begin at Matthiessen Lake with the Lake Falls, which drop into the canyon below, and continue downstream to the Cascade Falls where the Lower Dells begin.
It is also a popular tourist place for cross country skiing.
Fortunate park visitors may see bald eagles at this park; it is situated close to the Plum Island Eagle Sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="2866217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866217" title="Underbool">
Underbool

Underbool is a town in the Mallee region of north-west Victoria, Australia. The town is in the Rural City of Mildura local government area and on the Mallee Highway—between Ouyen and the South Australian border – north west of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Underbool had a population of 217. The town services the grain farmers and graziers in the area. For tourists it provides access to the Pink Lakes in Murray-Sunset National Park.
The town name is thought to come from the German word "underbolt" given to it by surveyor Dr. Neumayer when he camped there in October 1861.
A post office opened on 15 July 1912 when a regular mail service was provided by the opening of the railway from Ouyen to Murrayville a month earlier.
With its neighbouring township Walpeup Underbool has a football team (Walpeup-Underbool) in the Mallee Football League. Golfers play at the course of the Underbool Golf Club on Monash Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="2866225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866225" title="Nor Crystal Tears">
Nor Crystal Tears

Nor Crystal Tears (1982) is a first-contact novel written by Alan Dean Foster about the meeting of the insectoid Thranx and Man. This sets in motion the creation of the Humanx Commonwealth; the political body that is the union of human and thranx society which forms the foundation for many of Foster's science-fiction novels. 
"Nor Crystal Tears" is written from the perspective of the Thranx and the cultural lens through which they encounter the monstrous, fleshy alien mammals known as "humans". A primary theme is the paranoia and fear the two vastly different races naturally have for each other upon first contact, but also how individuals are able to overcome these innate fears and prejudices and set in motion the foundation for what would become Foster's Humanx Commonwealth. 
Foster would further expand on this theme, using another (unrelated) alien race, the furry "Quozl" in their eponymous novel.
"Nor Crystal Tears" was published August 12, 1982 and is Foster's ninth book set in the Humanx Commonwealth. Given that Foster's first novel, "The Tar-Aiym Krang" was also his first novel set in the Humanx Commonwealth, "Nor Crystal Tears" both celebrates the tenth anniversary of his Humanx Commonwealth and his career as an author.
Plot Summary.
The story follows a Thranx, Ryozenzuzex (i.e. Ryo, of Family Zen, clan Zu, Hive Zex) who came from an odd-numbered hatching (thranx offspring almost always come in multiples of two) immediately making him somewhat different from his brethren. Setting himself aside as different Ryo decides that he has to know what is the secret of the new space-faring race that supposedly wear "their skeletons inside". To accomplish this un-thranxlike task, Ryo travels from his home planet, Willow-Wane, to the ice caps of the Thranx home world, Hivehom with the aid of the wealthy Wuuzelansem, a poet in search of inspiration. Once on Hivehom he is confronted with the "monsters" and comes to the conclusion that they must set them free, believing that an alliance between Thranx and these so-called "humans" is the only way to stop the aggressive advances of the AAnn Empire. 
Thranx military and scientists, by studying the contained humans tendency to fight amongst each other came to the conclusion that the entire species could be insane and would destroy Thranx society if they were to attempt any further contact. Ryo, after spending a good amount of time with the humans, decides to aid in their escape from Hivehom. Once they escape, they return to a human research station where the reaction to Ryo is worse than anticipated. When the scientists there decide to kill and dissect Ryo the crew he rescued from Hivehom returns the favor and helps him escape his death sentence. It is at this point Ryo and the crew come to the conclusion that they must start a long-term program in order to properly integrate human and thranx society. 
With the scientists he befriended on Hivehom, Ryo brings a group of human children and researchers to interact with a group of Thranx larvae on his home of Willow-Wane in an attempt to build lasting race relations. The larvae and human children seem to get along well and the compatibility between the two races is confirmed. When an AAnn raiding party attacks Ryo's hive, the militant humans take action which results in a formal first contact between both human and Thranx governments. 
By his risky actions, Ryo plants the seeds of what would become the Humanx Commonwealth.
See also.
The following novels form Foster's "Founding of the Commonwealth" trilogy which further expand upon initial contact between the Thranx and humanity and the events that united the two species. 

</doc>
<doc id="2866233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866233" title="WON2">
WON2

WON2 is the user-created and operated online gaming network, and is a re-creation of the original World Opponent Network (WON) online gaming service. It is primarily used for playing "Half-Life" and its mods online.
Creation.
Following the closure of the original WON on July 31, 2004 by its owner Valve Software, in favor of its own Steam system, there was considerable controversy within the "Half-Life" communities over Steam's reliability, security and privacy. Some users found it difficult if not impossible to use Steam, because of the resource-drain that it placed on some computers of the time. Others considered it a form of adware because part of software's function is to display ad popups and offers pertaining to Steam games upon each instance of opening the main program. There were also concerns about security, especially that of credit card numbers used in online purchases via Steam, and whether or not it may become a subscription-based pay-to-play service. In addition, Steam updates any installed games before playing online, under the premise that this avoids the manual drudgery of searching for and applying game patches as well as ensuring everyone that is playing has the same uniform version. However, some preferred Counter-Strike version 1.5 over the newer versions.
As a result of these and other concerns, along with the desire by some to simply continue playing the older games the way they had for years, various players and groups developed their own solutions which allowed them to play Counter-Strike 1.5 and older, non-Source engine, "Half-Life" games without Steam. 
In late November 2004, some of the largest of these groups, in particular SteamlessProject.nl, succeeded in developing a good working solution. SteamlessProject.NL and NoWon later partnered to form WON2, with NoWon seemingly functioning only as a link partner and not actually taking part in active development of WON2. The network slowly grew and maintains a steady size of about 900-1000 gaming servers with usually 2000-3000 players online at any one time. Most of its master (backbone) and content servers are based in Europe, especially the Netherlands.
Services.
WON2 expanded since its creation into many different fields. These include:
Master servers.
The primary function of the WON2 network is to provide players with a method to get lists of servers they can play on. This is done using the master server network. The Half-Life client with the WON2 Patch for Players connects to these master servers and pulls down a list, similar to the original WON system, of all the servers that the given client can connect to.
Mod servers.
Like the old mod servers that were a part of WON before it was shut down, WON2 allows the player to connect to this mod server and pull down a list of mods, which they can then choose to install from the WON2 Content Delivery Server System.
WON2GCL.
Future plans for the project include making a "Counter-Strike 1.5 league. Currently, the owner has stated that if such tournaments are successful, more official WON2 based tournaments with different games would likely follow. The temporary site of the WON2 Global Cyber League already went live. The project is currently postponed, although it has been stated that the developers wish to continue the project in the future.
WON2 Anti-Cheat.
As the WON Half-Life client supported the old VAC1 system, it was possible for WON2 to use the cheat definitions from this service which was still operational at the time on the Steam service. However, due to Valve moving to the new VAC2 system, breaking compatibility with the VAC1 system, and the developer going missing, the project was abandoned.
Software solutions.
The Steamless CS Project offered many software packages designed for WON2 to solve problems and add features to Half-Life, Counter-Strike and Gunman Chronicles. These include the 1.1.1.x patch series, the WON2 Patch for Players and Servers, HLDS2 and so on.
Differences with Original.
Although WON2 is a faithful recreation of the original WON service, it does have some important differences. There are currently no Authorization (or "Auth") servers to assign unique player IDs and enforce bans for cheating or other misbehaviors. Bans must be made by IP address, which limits the effectiveness of long term bans, and, if used aggressively, can result in banning innocent players. The Steamless CS Project has stated they are investigating possible solutions, although creating one appears to be very difficult, as the authentication protocol has never been made open source by Valve, just like the Masterserver protocol.
Another difference is that WON2 has a minority of servers outside of Europe. Over 90% of WON2's game servers run Counter-strike 1.5 and older versions.
WON2 has an inability to run mods that require features only available in Steam.
Legality.
It appears that Valve Software regards WON2 with suspicion and hostility. In March 2006 a takedown notice cost the project its host, forcing the project offline between approximately the 18th and the 24th of that month. Later the host claimed that within two weeks it would stop offering webhosting services altogether, indicating that the takedown notice was not the primary reason services were lost.
The WON2 network's legal status has been questioned by some, from country to country. The project maintains that it is within the bounds of Valve's EULA for "Half-Life", although it notes that all recent Valve games now forbid modifications like theirs. WON2 also mentions that in some countries the server patch used to circumvent the authentication servers would be illegal to use. The project has offered its own legal analysis on the subject [http://v4.steamlessproject.nl/index.php?page=legal&sid=], although so far no legal action has been pursued beyond takedown notices. People within the WON2 project believe Valve can do very little to shut them down, due to its decentralized nature and that it is run primarily from outside of the United States.
Other games.
Besides "Counter-Strike" 1.5, these other games are playable through WON2:

</doc>
<doc id="2866236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866236" title="Sandy Hume">
Sandy Hume

Sandy Hume (born Alexander Britton Hume Jr.; September 2, 1969 - February 22, 1998) was an American journalist. A journalist for "The Hill" newspaper in Washington, D.C., Hume was the son of Brit Hume, then Fox News Channel's managing editor, and Clare Jacobs Stoner.
Career.
Hume broke the story of the aborted 1997 coup by Rep. Bill Paxon against Speaker Newt Gingrich. Another of the plotters, Majority Leader Dick Armey, scuttled the coup when he learned that Paxon, and not he, would replace Gingrich. Armey later disavowed the whole attempt and claimed not to have been involved.
A few months later, in February 1998, Paxon launched an attempt to unseat Armey from his leadership position. Just days later, Sandy Hume killed himself with a gunshot to the head. After Hume's death, Paxon suddenly and inexplicably resigned his seat and never returned to public life. Almost immediately, rumors began flying around Washington that Paxon had been having an affair with Hume, was his source for the story, and that Armey had threatened to out them. Hence the suicide of Hume and the sudden resignation of Paxon. This theory was common knowledge among many in the D.C. press corps, but it never made it to print in the mainstream media. MSNBC commentator and former Republican congressman Joe Scarborough says in his book, "Rome Wasn't Burnt in a Day", that he was Hume's source and accuses Armey of spreading the rumors to smear Paxon.
Death.
Hume committed suicide in his apartment in Arlington, Virginia. In the months before his death, Hume, an alcoholic, had begun drinking again. The night before his suicide, Hume was jailed for drunk driving and tried to hang himself in the U.S. Park Police jail cell. He was evaluated at a psychiatric facility and released. He went home and took his life with a hunting rifle. He left a long note expressing shame at the previous night's events.
Posthumous honors.
The National Press Club honors Hume's memory with the annual Sandy Hume Memorial Award for Excellence in Political Journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="2866242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866242" title="Alexandra High School">
Alexandra High School

Alexandra High School is a Semi-Private public high school in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
History.
Alexandra High School is named after Queen Alexandra Caroline, Queen Consort of England, and first opened on 23 February 1960. Though it was initially a whites-only, all-boys school, the first non-white pupil was admitted in June 1991. Alexandra High School became co-educational at the beginning of 1992. The school colours are maroon and blue.
The School Badge, Houses and Motto.
Mr Udal, the first headmaster, designed the school emblem himself, from the royal coat of arms of Queen Alexandra.
Mr Udal took the Maltese Cross to incorporate in the badge. Mr Lee Boyd, M.E.C. for Education in the N.P.A at the time of the school’s inception and ex-mayor of Durban was a Knight of da Game in the Roman Catholic Church. The cross was given the Boyd’s House as their symbol.
Then Mr Downs, Mayor of Pietermaritzburg, was approached for permission to use part of the city’s coat of arms – hence the Elephant – emblem of Downs House.
Mr Allison, three times mayor, M.P.C. and freeman of this city, a neighbour of the school who took a great interest in Alex, had Allison's House named after him, and the Stars from the City’s Coat of Arms formed the symbol of this house.
Shepstone House was named after the Administrator of Natal at the time of the purchase of land for the school, and as he had attended Queen Elizabeth’s coronation, the crown was to be Shepstone’s symbol.
Succeeding Mr Shepstone as Administrator, was Mr Trollip, who also took a keen interest in the school. He was approached for permission to use part of the Natal badge – hence the Wildebeest (provided they faced the correct way and had white manes and tails!). These wildebeest are the symbol of Trollips House.
For the motto, Mr Udal’s own signet ring bore the words, Tant Que je Puis – archaic French, meaning “I do my best”. Mr Lamond of Maritzburg College translated this into the Latin, Summa diligentia laboro. Then Mr Udal and his wife chose the distinctive colours of sky blue and maroon, and with the help of a local outfitter, devised a full range of blazers, badges, colours, rugby jerseys and all the other needs of a school.
The Mural on the School Hall.
The plaque was designed and built by the late Miss Syliva Baxter. It took her months of hard work, with sometimes a stretch of 48 hours’ work on moulding, colouring and baking the clay. 
It was fired in forty six pieces of ceramic clay, measuring 4 meters by 2 metres and its mass is over a ton. Metallic oxides were used to give it its beautiful colouring.
The Plaque is a symbolic representation of the Holy Trinity. The lips represent the word of God, "let there be light" as shown on the open page of the book.
The eye is the all-seeing eye of God, stressed further by the four cardinal points of the compass, with the eye as the hub. The bird, a stylised dove, represents the Spirit.
The scale pans and feather are there as a reminder that conscience should weigh as light as a feather.
The torch signifies the light of learning.
The "clouds" indicate the formlessness of the earth before the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.
Dry land (Africa) and the waters can be distinguished; so, too, can night (stars) and day. The firmament the waters is there also.
The plaque was unveiled by the late Senator A E Trollip, then Administrator of Natal, when the School was officially opened on 25 September 1964.
Uniform.
Matric uniform differs slightly from that of other grades. Matics are allowed to wear white jerseys, different ties and 'Matric Scarves'.
The boys are allowed to wear a different cut Khaki-Uniform.
Awards.
Awards are given for a variety of activities, with the level of award being determined by grade, years of service and level of achievement.
Sports & Other Activities.
Alex learners are well-served by extensive grounds and sports facilities and a staff with both the enthusiasm and ability to offer a wide-ranging programme for both boys and girls.
Learners are encouraged to involve themselves in at least one sports code in each quarter and there is a variety from which to choose. 
Since the policy of the school is to provide a wide variety of activities in order to cater for the broad spectrum of interests among our learners, an interesting range of cultural activities also feature in the school’s corporate life.
Since the early 80’s, basketball has been the Alexandrian’s key claim to fame. Our 1st team is known to be amongst the best in the province, with our primary competitors being the likes of Durban High School. Over the years we have produced scores of KZN players. Alexandrians are proud of our strong basketball tradition, which seems set to continue for the years to come.
Cross Country is one more sport Alexandrians excel at. We a proud history of ranking within Maritzburg’s top 3, and have won the Midlands league numerous times. Many of our runners participate in the KZN trials each year, securing our squad’s status as a provincial grade.
Our debating squad has traditionally been one of the strongest in not just Maritzburg, but KZN. We have been PMB & KZN Grand Champions at least 5 times within the past 10 years, making us a revered and respected force to be reckoned with. Our 2010 Junior A team, which consisted of Nomalungelo Pretty Mbele, Travis McCabe and Thishin Moodley, famously won the PMB and KZN finals of their year. We have produced numerous KZN speakers who have represented on a national level, and have ranked no lower than 25th in SA each time. In 2010, Thishin Moodley – a grade 9 student on KZN Junior A- ranked 1st in South Africa at the National Schools’ Debating Championship which was hosted at Treverton. Alex is one of the few schools in Maritzburg to have serious coaching, which is provided twice a week per squad.
Malabalaba & droughts also have a strong following at Alex. In 2004 a team of Alexandrians won the Malabalaba World Championships.
Many learners derive great pleasure from being involved in the excellent services of the catering club which flourished even before girls entered the school. Among the various functions for which the Club caters is the annual Supper Theatre which is one of the ways in which our learners can become involved if they are interested in the performing arts. Another is through membership of the flourishing Choir.
The service of the First Aid Unit, which comprises boys and girls in the school, is invaluable, especially during rugby season when it does duty for all home matches. The leaders in this unit are highly qualified and very committed to this field of service.
In addition to all these activities, opportunities abound for learners to participate in events and contests which have a more direct bearing on the academic curriculum. An Alex team has fared extremely well in regional and national bridge-building competitions, while other learners write the various subject Olympiads. Each year, a significant number joins the Junior Achiever programme which is aimed at developing young peoples’ entrepreneurial skills. Others represent the school on the Junior City Council.
Each year, numerous learners, mostly in Grade 11, are given the opportunity to attend leadership courses or other seminars which focus on the development of leadership, self-knowledge and inter-personal relations.
Through the activities to School Council, on which learners representing each grade are elected, we hope to develop debating, thinking and decision-making skills and give the learner body a hand in determining directions for the school.

</doc>
<doc id="2866250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866250" title="K. C. Pillai">
K. C. Pillai

Karnam Chengalvaraya Pillai, DD (1900–1970) was a Bishop-at-large of the Indian Orthodox Church, Antiochean Succession, Chennai (Madras), India. He spent the last twenty years of his life in the United States of America on a special mission to acquaint Christians with the orientalisms of the Bible. He wrote books and worked with western Christians to help clarify what he believed were difficult Scriptural passages through an understanding of the eastern manners and customs. During his time in the United States, he became associated with Victor Paul Wierwille, the founding president of The Way International and according to the book "Born Again to Serve" by the American Christian Press, Pillai and Wierwille worked through every orientalism in the Bible from Genesis through Revelation over a six-week period in 1953.
His books include:
In 1980, Reverend Bo Reahard compiled several of Pillai's teachings in his work "Old and New Testament Orientalisms - Teachings of Bishop K.C. Pillai" and in 2010, Jeanie Strand Chilton published the work "Eastern Customs of the Bible: The Teachings of Bishop K. C. Pillai".
http://www.kcpillai.org/

</doc>
<doc id="2866251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866251" title="Lankenau Medical Center">
Lankenau Medical Center

Lankenau Medical Center is a 331-bed tertiary care, teaching hospital and research institute in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania.
Its Emergency Department is certified by the Joint Commission as a Primary Stroke Center. An FAA-certified rooftop helipad is available for medevacs.
It is a founding member of Main Line Health, a community-based not-for-profit health system, that also includes Bryn Mawr Hospital, Paoli Hospital, Riddle Hospital, Bryn Mawr Rehabilitation Hospital, Mirmont Treatment Center, and Lankenau Institute for Medical Research.
History.
Lankenau Hospital was founded in 1860 as the "German Hospital of Philadelphia" on Morris Street in North Philadelphia. In 1917, many German institutions took new names with the entry of the United States into World War I. The hospital renamed itself "Lankenau Hospital" after John D. Lankenau, a successful German-born Philadelphia businessman who was one of the first supporters and leaders of the Hospital.
The hospital moved to larger facilities at Girard and Corinthian Avenues in North Philadelphia in 1884. Later, Lankenau moved to Wynnewood in the "Main Line" region of the suburbs in December 1953. Its new location was the former site of the Overbrook Country Club and golf course.
In 2010, the hospital renamed itself "Lankenau Medical Center". Today, it serves southeastern Pennsylvania by offering a wide variety of primary and specialty clinical services, residency and fellowship programs, and research programs emphasizing cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="2866253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866253" title="Erbkrank">
Erbkrank

Erbkrank () is a 1936 Nazi propaganda film.
Directed by Herbert Gerdes, it was one of six propagandistic movies produced by the "NSDAP, Reichsleitung, Rassenpolitisches Amt" or the Office of Racial Policy, from 1935 to 1937 to demonize people in Germany diagnosed with mental illness and mental retardation.
The goal was to gain public support for the T-4 Euthanasia Program then in the works. This film, as the others, was made with actual footage of patients in German psychiatric hospitals.
Adolf Hitler reportedly liked the film so much that he encouraged the production of the full-length film Opfer der Vergangenheit: Die Sünde wider Blut und Rasse (). In 1937, Erbkrank was reportedly showing in nearly all Berlin film theaters.
Prior to World War II, the film was distributed in America through the Pioneer Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="2866262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866262" title="Hermetic Brotherhood of Luxor">
Hermetic Brotherhood of Luxor

The Hermetic Brotherhood of Luxor was an initiatic occult organisation that first became public in late 1884, although according to an official document of the order it began its work in 1870. According to this document, authored by Peter Davidson, the order was established by Max Theon, who when in England was initiated as a Neophyte by "an adept of the serene, ever-existing and ancient Order of the original H. B. of L." 
The Order's relation, if any, with the mysterious "Brotherhood of Luxor" that Blavatsky spoke of is not clear.
Theon thus became Grand Master of the Exterior Circle of the Order. However, apart from his initiatory role, he seems to have little to do with the day to day running of the order, or of its teachings. He seems to have left these things to Peter Davidson, who was the Provincial Grand Master of the North (Scotland), and later also the Eastern Section (America). 
The order's teachings drew heavily from the magico-sexual theories of Paschal Beverly Randolph, who influenced groups such as the Ordo Templi Orientis (O.T.O.) (later headed by Aleister Crowley) (Greenfield 1997) although it is not clear whether or not Randolph himself was actually a part of the Order.
Prior to the rise of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn in 1888 the HBoL was the only order that taught practical occultism in the Western Mystery Tradition. Among its members were a number of occultists, spiritualists, and Theosophists. Initial relations between the Order and the Theosophical Society were cordial, with most members of the order also prominent members of the T.S. 
Later there was a falling out, as the Order was opposed to the eastern-based teachings of the later Blavatsky (Davidson considered that Blavatsky had fallen under the influence of "a greatly inferior Order, belonging to the Budhist Cult"). Conversely, the conviction in 1883 of the Secretary of the Order, Thomas Henry Burgoyne for fraud, was claimed by the Theosophists to show the immorality of the Order.

</doc>
<doc id="2866264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866264" title="Early world maps">
Early world maps

Early world maps cover depictions of the world from the Iron Age to the Age of Discovery and the emergence of modern geography during the early modern period.
Antiquity.
Babylonian "Imago Mundi" (c. 600 BCE).
A Babylonian world map, known as the "Imago Mundi", is commonly dated to the 6th century BCE.
The map as reconstructed by Eckhard Unger shows Babylon on the Euphrates, surrounded by a circular landmass showing Assyria, Urartu and several cities, in turn surrounded by a "bitter river" (Oceanus), with seven islands arranged around it so as to form a seven-pointed star. The accompanying text mentions seven outer regions beyond the encircling ocean. The descriptions of five of them have survived:
Anaximander (c. 610 – 546 BCE).
Anaximander (died ca. 546 BCE) is credited with having created one of the first maps of the world, which was circular in form and showed the known lands of the world grouped around the Aegean Sea at the center. This was all surrounded by the ocean.
Hecataeus of Miletus (c. 550–476 BCE).
Hecataeus of Miletus (died ca. 476 BCE) is credited with a work entitled "Ges Periodos" ("Travels round the Earth" or "World Survey'), in two books each organized in the manner of a "periplus", a point-to-point coastal survey. One on Europe, is essentially a periplus of the Mediterranean, describing each region in turn, reaching as far north as Scythia. The other book, on Asia, is arranged similarly to the "Periplus of the Erythraean Sea" of which a version of the 1st century CE survives. Hecataeus described the countries and inhabitants of the known world, the account of Egypt being particularly comprehensive; the descriptive matter was accompanied by a map, based upon Anaximander’s map of the earth, which he corrected and enlarged. The work only survives in some 374 fragments, by far the majority being quoted in the geographical lexicon "Ethnika" compiled by Stephanus of Byzantium.
Eratosthenes (276–194 BCE).
Eratosthenes (276–194 BCE) drew an improved world map, incorporating information from the campaigns of Alexander the Great and his successors. Asia became wider, reflecting the new understanding of the actual size of the continent. Eratosthenes was also the first geographer to incorporate parallels and meridians within his cartographic depictions, attesting to his understanding of the spherical nature of the earth.
Posidonius (c. 150–130 BCE).
Posidonius (or Poseidonius) of Apameia (c. 135–51 BCE), was a Greek Stoic philosopher who traveled throughout the Roman world and beyond and was a celebrated polymath throughout the Greco-Roman world, like Aristotle and Eratosthenes. His work "about the ocean and the adjacent areas" was a general geographical discussion, showing how all the forces had an effect on each other and applied also to human life. He measured the Earth's circumference by reference to the position of the star Canopus. His measure of 240,000 stadia translates to 24,000 miles, close to the actual circumference of 24,901 miles.
He was informed in his approach by Eratosthenes, who a century earlier used the elevation of the Sun at different latitudes. Both men's figures for the Earth's circumference were uncannily accurate, aided in each case by mutually compensating errors in measurement. However, the version of Posidonius' calculation popularised by Strabo was revised by correcting the distance between Rhodes and Alexandria to 3,750 stadia, resulting in a circumference of 180,000 stadia, or 18,000 miles. Ptolemy discussed and favored this revised figure of Posidonius over Eratosthenes in his "Geographia", and during the Middle Ages scholars divided into two camps regarding the circumference of the Earth, one side identifying with Eratosthenes' calculation and the other with Posidonius' 180,000 stadion measure.
Strabo (c. 64 BCE – 24 CE).
Strabo is mostly famous for his 17-volume work "Geographica", which presented a descriptive history of people and places from different regions of the world known to his era. The "Geographica" first appeared in Western Europe in Rome as a Latin translation issued around 1469. Although Strabo referenced the antique Greek astronomers Eratosthenes and Hipparchus and acknowledged their astronomical and mathematical efforts towards geography, he claimed that a descriptive approach was more practical. "Geographica" provides a valuable source of information on the ancient world, especially when this information is corroborated by other sources. Within the books of "Geographica" is a map of Europe. Whole world maps according to Strabo are reconstructions from his written text.
Pomponius Mela (c. 43 CE).
Pomponius is unique among ancient geographers in that, after dividing the earth into five zones, of which two only were habitable, he asserts the existence of antichthones, people inhabiting the southern temperate zone inaccessible to the folk of the northern temperate regions due to the unbearable heat of the intervening torrid belt. On the divisions and boundaries of Europe, Asia and Africa, he repeats Eratosthenes; like all classical geographers from Alexander the Great (except Ptolemy) he regards the Caspian Sea as an inlet of the Northern Ocean, corresponding to the Persian and Arabian (Red Sea) gulfs on the south.
Marinus of Tyre (c. 120 CE).
Marinus of Tyre's world maps were the first in the Roman Empire to show China. Around 120 CE, Marinus wrote that the habitable world was bounded on the west by the Fortunate Islands. The text of his geographical treatise however is lost. He also invented the equirectangular projection, which is still used in map creation today. A few of Marinus' opinions are reported by Ptolemy. Marinus was of the opinion that the "Okeanos" was separated into an eastern and a western part by the continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). He thought that the inhabited world stretched in latitude from Thule (Shetland) to Agisymba (Tropic of Capricorn) and in longitude from the Isles of the Blessed to Shera (China). Marinus also coined the term Antarctic, referring to the opposite of the Arctic Circle. His chief legacy is that he first assigned to each place a proper latitude and longitude; he used a "Meridian of the Isles of the Blessed (Canary Islands or Cape Verde Islands)" as the zero meridian.
Ptolemy (c. 150).
The Ptolemy world map is a map based on the description of the world contained in Ptolemy's book "Geographia", written "Circa" 150. Although authentic maps of Ptolemy have never been found, the "Geographia" contains thousands of references to various parts of the old world, with coordinates for most, which seem to have influenced early Islamic maps, and allowed European cartographers to reconstruct Ptolemy's world view when an ancient Greek manuscript was translated into Latin around 1300.
Tabula Peutingeriana (4th century).
The Tabula Peutingeriana ("Peutinger table") is an itinerarium showing the "cursus publicus", the road network in the Roman Empire. It is a 13th-century copy of an original map dating from the 4th century, covering Europe, parts of Asia (India) and North-Africa. The map is named after Konrad Peutinger, a German 15th-16th-century humanist and antiquarian. The map was discovered in a library in Worms by Conrad Celtes, who was unable to publish his find before his death, and bequeathed the map in 1508 to Peutinger. It is conserved at the Österreichische Nationalbibliothek, Hofburg, Vienna.
Middle Ages.
Cosmas Indicopleustes' map (6th century).
Around 550 Cosmas Indicopleustes wrote the copiously illustrated "Christian Topography", a work partly based on his personal experiences as a merchant on the Red Sea and Indian Ocean in the early 6th century. Though his cosmogony is refuted by modern science, he has given a historic description of India and Sri Lanka during of the 6th century, which is invaluable to historians. Cosmas seems to have personally visited the Kingdom of Axum in modern Ethiopia and Eritrea, India and Sri Lanka. In 522 CE, he visited the Malabar Coast (South India). A major feature of his "Topography" is Cosmas' worldview that the world is flat, and that the heavens form the shape of a box with a curved lid, a view he took from unconventional interpretations of Christian scripture. Cosmas aimed to prove that pre-Christian geographers had been wrong in asserting that the earth was spherical and that it was in fact modelled on the tabernacle, the house of worship described to Moses by God during the Jewish Exodus from Egypt.
Isidore of Sevilla's "T and O map" (c. 636).
The medieval T and O maps originate with the description of the world in the "Etymologiae" of Isidore of Sevilla (died 636). This qualitative and conceptual type of medieval cartography represents only the top-half of a spherical Earth. It was presumably tacitly considered a convenient projection of the inhabited portion of the world known in Roman and Medieval times (that is, the northern temperate half of the globe). The "T" is the Mediterranean, dividing the three continents, Asia, Europe and Africa, and the "O" is the surrounding Ocean. Jerusalem was generally represented in the center of the map. Asia was typically the size of the other two continents combined. Because the sun rose in the east, Paradise (the Garden of Eden) was generally depicted as being in Asia, and Asia was situated at the top portion of the map.
Ibn Hawqals map (10th century).
Ibn Hawqal was an Arab scientist of the 10th century who developed a world map, based on his own travel experience and probably the works of Ptolemy. Another such cartographer was Al-Istakhri.
Anglo-Saxon "Cotton" world map (c. 1040).
This map appears in a copy of a classical work on geography, the Latin version by Priscian of the "Periegesis", that was among the manuscripts in the Cotton library (MS. Tiberius B.V., fol. 56v), now in the British Library. It is not intended purely as an illustration to that work, for it contains much material gathered from other sources, including some which would have been the most up-to-date available, although it is based on a distant Roman original (similar to the source of , illustrating an edition of Isidore of Seville)—on which the network of lines appears to indicate the boundaries of imperial provinces. The date of drawing was formerly estimated at about CE 992–994, based on suggested links to the journey of Archbishop Sigeric of Canterbury from Rome but more recent analysis indicates that, although the information was revised about that time, the map was probably drawn between 1025 and 1050.
Like the later map by al-Idrisi (see below) this map is clearly outside the largely symbolic early medieval mapping tradition, but equally it is not based on the famous Ptolemaic co-ordinate system. East is at the top, but Jerusalem is not in the centre, and the Garden of Eden is nowhere to be seen. Unusually, all the waterways of Africa, not just the Red Sea, are depicted in red (mountains are green). The depiction of the far East is ambitious, including India and Taprobane (Sri Lanka)—the latter depicted according to the exaggerated classical conception of its size. Unsurprisingly, Britain itself is depicted in some detail. Great Britain, unusually by medieval standards, is shown as one island, albeit with an exaggerated Cornish promontory, and Mona, Ireland and the many Scottish islands are all indicated. The cartographer is slightly confused by Iceland, depicting it both by a version of its classical name 'Thule', north-west of Britain, and as 'Island', logically linked with Scandinavia.
Beatus Mappa Mundi (1050).
Beatus of Liébana (c. 730–798) was an Asturian monk and theologian. He corresponded with Alcuin, and took part in the Adoptionist controversy, criticizing the views of Felix of Urgel and Elipandus of Toledo. He is best remembered today as the author of his "Commentary on the Apocalypse", published in 776. An illustrated manuscript known as the Saint-Sever Beatus, featuring the "Commentary", was produced around 1050 at the Abbey of Saint-Sever, Aquitaine, France. It contains one of the oldest Christian world maps as an illustration of the "Commentary". Although the original manuscript and map has not survived, copies of the map survives in several of the extant manuscripts.
Mahmud al-Kashgari's map (1072).
Qarakhanid Uyghur scholar Mahmud al-Kashgari compiled a "Compendium of the languages of the Turks" in the 11th century. The manuscript is illustrated with a "Turkocentric" world map, oriented with east (or rather, perhaps, the direction of midsummer sunrise) on top, centered on the ancient city of Balasagun in what is now Kyrgyzstan, showing the Caspian Sea to the north, and Iraq, Armenia, Yemen and Egypt to the west, China and Japan to the east, Hindustan, Kashmir, Gog and Magog to the south. Conventional symbols are used throughout—blue lines for rivers, red lines for mountain ranges etc. The world is shown as encircled by the ocean. The map is now kept at the Pera Museum in Istanbul.
Al-Idrisi's "Tabula Rogeriana" (1154).
The Arab geographer, Muhammad al-Idrisi, incorporated the knowledge of Africa, the Indian Ocean and the Far East gathered by Arab merchants and explorers with the information inherited from the classical geographers to create the most accurate map of the world at the time. It remained the most accurate world map for the next three centuries.
The Tabula Rogeriana was drawn by Al-Idrisi in 1154 for the Norman King Roger II of Sicily, after a stay of eighteen years at his court, where he worked on the commentaries and illustrations of the map. The map, written in Arabic, shows the Eurasian continent in its entirety, but only shows the northern part of the African continent.
Ebstorf Mappa Mundi (1235).
The Ebstorf Map is an example of a European mappa mundi, made by Gervase of Ebstorf, who was possibly the same man as Gervase of Tilbury, some time in the thirteenth century. It is a very large map: painted on 30 goatskins sewn together, it measures about The head of Christ is depicted at the top of the map, with his hands on either side and his feet at the bottom. The Map is a greatly elaborated version of the medieval tripartite or T and O map, it is centered on Jerusalem with east on top of the map. It represents Rome in the shape of a lion, and has an evident interest in the distribution of bishropics. The original was destroyed during World War II but some color copies remain.
Hereford Mappa Mundi (1300).
The Hereford Mappa Mundi is a detailed mappa mundi based on the T and O map style, dating to ca. 1300. The map is signed by one "Richard of Haldingham or Lafford". Drawn on a single sheet of vellum, it measures . The writing is in black ink, with additional red and gold, and blue or green for water (with the Red Sea coloured red). The captions demonstrate clearly the multiple functions of these large medieval maps, conveying a mass of information on Biblical subjects and general history, in addition to geography.
Jerusalem is drawn at the centre of the circle, east is on top, showing the Garden of Eden in a circle at the edge of the world (1). Great Britain is drawn at the northwestern border (bottom left, 22 & 23). Curiously, the labels for Africa and Europe are reversed, with Europe scribed in red and gold as 'Africa', and vice-versa.
Pietro Vesconte's world map (1321).
Italian geographer Pietro Vesconte was a pioneer of the field of the portolan chart. His nautical charts are among the earliest to map the Mediterraean and Black Sea regions accurately. He also produced progressively more accurate depictions of the coastlines of northern Europe. In his world map of 1321 he brought his experience as a maker of portolans to bear; the map introduced a previously unheard of accuracy to the mappa mundi genre. The world map, as well as a map of the Holy Land and plan of Acre and Jerusalem were made for inclusion in Marino Sanuto's "Liber secretorum fidelium cruces".
Catalan World Atlas (1375).
The Catalan World Atlas was produced by the Majorcan cartographic school and is attributed to Cresques Abraham. It has been in the royal library of France (now the Bibliothèque nationale de France) since the time of Charles V. The Catalan Atlas originally consisted of 6 vellum leaves folded down the middle painted in various colors including gold and silver. The first two leaves contain texts in Catalan language covering cosmography, astronomy, and astrology. These texts are accompanied by illustrations. The texts and illustration emphasize the Earth's spherical shape and the state of the known world. They also provide information to sailors on tides and how to tell time at night.
Unlike many other nautical charts, the Catalan Atlas is read with the north at the bottom. As a result of this the maps are oriented from left to right, from the Far East to the Atlantic. The first two leaves, forming the oriental portion of the Catalan Atlas, illustrate numerous religious references as well as a synthesis of medieval mappae mundi (Jerusalem located close to the centre) and the travel literature of the time, notably Marco Polo's Book of Marvels and the Travels and Voyage of Sir John Mandeville. Many Indian and Chinese cities can be identified.
Da Ming Hun Yi Tu world map (1389).
China developed sophisticated mapping techniques at about the same time as ancient Rome, and never lost them, so by the "medieval" period the country had been mapped with considerable detail and accuracy (see Chinese geography). When European mapping techniques caught up again at about CE 1300, Islamic contacts were able to supply new maps of the Mediterranean area to China, via the communication routes in the Mongol empire, and these prompted Chinese scholars to create world maps, with China at the centre and Europe, half-way round the globe, depicted very small and horizontally compressed at the edge. Significantly, Africa was also mapped from an Indian Ocean perspective, showing the Cape of Good Hope area, which Europeans would not visit until much later. The first examples, made in the 1320s, are lost, so the earliest survivor is the elaborate, colourful "Da Ming Hun Yi Tu", painted on of silk in 1389 for the first Ming emperor.
Kangnido world map (1402).
The "Kangnido" (the full Hanja name means "Map of Integrated Lands and Regions of Historical Countries and Capitals") is a map of the world made in Korea in 1402. Created under the supervision of Korean officials as part of a cultural project of the newly founded Joseon Dynasty, it is the most familiar example of the known-world maps based on Chinese cartographic techniques with additional input from western sources, via Islamic scholarship in the Mongol Empire. Superficially similar to the "Da Ming Hun Yi Tu" (which has been less well known in the West because it is kept in closed archive storage) the Kangnido shows its Korean origin in the enlargement of that country, and incorporates vastly improved (though wrongly positioned, scaled and oriented) mapping of Japan. Elsewhere, the map betrays a decorative rather than practical purpose, particularly in the portrayal of river systems, which form unnatural loops rarely seen on Chinese maps. Nonetheless, it is considered as "superior to anything produced in Europe prior to the end of the fifteenth century".
De Virga world map (1411–1415).
The De Virga world map was made by Albertinus de Virga between 1411 and 1415. Albertin de Virga, a Venetian, is also known for a 1409 map of the Mediterranean, also made in Venice. The world map is circular, drawn on a piece of parchment . It consists of the map itself, about in diameter, and an extension containing a calendar and two tables.
Bianco's world map (1436).
Andrea Bianco's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum, measuring , in an 18th-century binding. The first leaf contains a description of the "Rule of Marteloio" for resolving the course, with the "circle and square", two tables and two other diagrams. The next eight leaves contain various navigation charts. The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference. And the final leaf contains the Ptolemaic world map on Ptolemy's first projection, with graduation. Some believe Bianco's maps were the first to correctly portray the coast of Florida, as a macro-peninsula is attached to a large island labeled Antillia. Bianco also collaborated with Fra Mauro on the Fra Mauro world map of 1459.
Genoese map (1457).
The Genoese map of 1457 is a world map that relied extensively on the account of the traveler to Asia Niccolo da Conti, rather than the usual source of Marco Polo. The author is unknown, but is a more modern development than the Fra Mauro world map, less intricate a complete, with fairly good proportions given to each continents. The map depicts the main landmarks of the time: Prester John in Africa, the Great Khan in China, "Xilam" (Ceylom) and Sumatra, and the design of a three-masted European ship in the Indian Ocean, something which had not occurred, suggesting that a sealane was a possibility.
Fra Mauro world map (1459).
The Fra Mauro map was made between 1457 and 1459 by the Venetian monk Fra Mauro. It is a circular planisphere drawn on parchment and set in a wooden frame, about 2 meters in diameter.
The original world map was made by Fra Mauro and his assistant Andrea Bianco, a sailor-cartographer, under a commission by king Afonso V of Portugal. The map was completed on April 24, 1459, and sent to Portugal, but did not survive to the present day. Fra Mauro died the next year while he was making a copy of the map for the Seignory of Venice, and the copy was completed by Andrea Bianco.
Martellus world map (1490).
The world map of Henricus Martellus Germanus (Heinrich Hammer), c. 1490, was remarkably similar to the terrestrial globe later produced by Martin Behaim in 1492, the "Erdapfel". Both show heavy influences from Ptolemy, and both possibly derive from maps created around 1485 in Lisbon by Bartolomeo Columbus. Although Martellus is believed to have been born in Nuremberg, Behaim's home town, he lived and worked in Florence from 1480 to 1496.
Behaim's "Erdapfel" globe (1492).
The "Erdapfel" () produced by Martin Behaim in 1492 is considered to be the oldest surviving terrestrial globe. It is constructed of a laminated linen ball reinforced with wood and overlaid with a map painted by Georg Glockendon. The Americas are not included yet, as Columbus returned to Spain no sooner than March 1493. It shows a rather enlarged Eurasian continent and an empty ocean between Europe and Asia. Interestingly, the Caribbean islands may already be represented as well, even before Colombus's return, under the name of the mythical Saint Brendan's Island. Japan and Asian islands are disproportionately large. The idea to call the globe "apple" may be related to the Reichsapfel ("Imperial Apple", Globus cruciger) which was also kept in Nuremberg along with the Imperial Regalia (Reichskleinodien). In 1907, it was transferred to the Germanic Museum in Nuremberg.
After 1492.
Juan de la Cosa map (1500).
The Juan de la Cosa, a Spanish cartographer, explorer and conquistador, born in Santoña in the northern autonomous region of Cantabria, made several maps of which the only survivor is the "Mappa Mundi" of 1500. It is the first known European cartographic representation of the Americas. It is now in the Museo Naval in Madrid. Reproductions of it are given by Humboldt in his "Atlas géographique et physique".
Cantino world map (1502).
The "Cantino planisphere" or Cantino world map is the earliest surviving map showing Portuguese discoveries in the east and west. It is named after Alberto Cantino, an agent for the Duke of Ferrara, who successfully smuggled it from Portugal to Italy in 1502. It shows the islands of the Caribbean and the Florida coastline, as well as Africa, Europe and Asia. The map is particularly notable for portraying a fragmentary record of the Brazilian coast, discovered in 1500 by Portuguese explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral who conjectured whether it was merely an island or part of the continent that several Spanish expeditions had just encountered farther north (cf. Amerigo Vespucci).
Caverio Map (c. 1505).
The Caverio Map, also known as Caveri Map or Canerio Map, is a map drawn by Nicolay de Caveri, circa 1505. It is hand drawn on parchment and coloured, being composed of ten sections or panels, measuring . Historians believe that this undated map signed with "Nicolay de Caveri Januensis" was completed in 1504–05. It was probably either made in Lisbon by the Genoese Canveri, or copied by him in Genoa from the very similar Cantino map. It shows the east coast of North America with surprising detail and was one of the primary sources used to make the Waldseemüller map in 1507. Caverio map is currently at Bibliothèque Nationale de France in Paris.
Ruysch World Map (1507).
Johannes Ruysch an explorer, cartographer, astronomer and painter from the Low Countries produced the second oldest known printed representation of the New World. The Ruysch map was published and widely distributed in 1507. It uses Ptolemy's coniform projection, as does the Contarini-Rosselli 1506 map. Both document Christopher Columbus' discoveries as well as that of John Cabot, including information from Portuguese sources and Marco Polo's account. There are notes on his map that clearly were from Portuguese sources. Newfoundland and Cuba are shown connected to Asia, as Columbus and Cabot believed. “Sipganus” (Marco Polo’s Japan) is identical with “Spagnola” (Hispaniola) on the Ruysch map. The presence of codfish is noted on the Ruysch map in the area of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland and shows the discoveries the Portuguese had made along the African coast and shows India as a triangular peninsula with Ceylon in the correct proportion and position.
Greenland is shown connected to Newfoundland and Asia on Ruysch's map, and not Europe as earlier maps had showed. Around the north pole, Ruysch drew islands, based on reports in the book "Inventio Fortunata" of the English friar Nicholas of Lynne. Interestingly, the island above Norway shows remarkable similarities to Svalbard, which would not be discovered until 1597 (by Willem Barents). Ruysch calls it 'European Hyberborea' and a peninsula stretching out towards it is clearly marked with the church of 'Sancti Odulfi', St Olaf's church in Vardø on the Finnmark coast.
Waldseemüller and Ringmann map (1507).
The cartographers Martin Waldseemüller and Matthias Ringmann from southern Germany, supported by the mapping friend René II, Duke of Lorraine, collected map data over several years, including information on the most recent discoveries, to build up a new collective work of geography and cartography. Along with a book they further incorporated, for the first time in history, the name "America" on a map, holding the strong opinion that it was a new continent that Amerigo Vespucci had discovered on his voyage and not only a few smaller islands as Christopher Columbus did in the "West Indies".
Piri Reis map (1513).
The Piri Reis map is a famous world map created by 16th-century Ottoman Turkish admiral and cartographer Piri Reis. The surviving third of the map shows part of the western coasts of Europe and North Africa with reasonable accuracy, and the coast of Brazil is also easily recognizable. Various Atlantic islands including the Azores and Canary Islands are depicted, as is the mythical island of Antillia. The map is noteworthy for its apparent south-eastward extension of the American continent to depict a southern landmass that some controversially claim is evidence for early awareness of the existence of Antarctica. Alternatively, it has been suggested that this is actually a record of the coast as far as Cape Horn, explored secretly by Portuguese navigators before 1507 (when it appeared on the Waldseemüller map) and bent south-eastward simply to fit on the parchment.
Pietro Coppo map (1520).
One of the last world maps to feature the "Dragon's Tail" extending southwards from the far eastern extremity of Asia, the last vestige of Ptolemy's landlocked depiction of the Indian Ocean, nearly 1,500 years earlier.
Diogo Ribeiro map (1527).
Diogo Ribeiro, a Portuguese cartographer working for Spain, made what is considered the first scientific world map: the 1527 Padrón real, the first world map based on empiric latitude observations. There are 6 copies attributed to Ribeiro, including at the Weimar Grand Ducal Library (1527 "Mundus Novus") and at the Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana, in Vatican City (1529 "Propaganda Map" or "Carta Universal"). The layout of the map ("Mapamundi") is strongly influenced by the information obtained during the Magellan-Elcano trip around the world. Diogo's map delineates very precisely the coasts of Central and South America. However, neither Australia nor Antarctica appear, and the Indian subcontinent is too small. The map shows, for the first time, the real extension of the Pacific Ocean. It also shows, for the first time, the North American coast as a continuous one (probably influenced by the Estêvão Gomes exploration in 1525). It also shows the demarcation of the Treaty of Tordesillas.
Mercator world map (1569).
Flemish geographer and cartographer Gerardus Mercator world map of 1569 introduced a cylindrical map projection that became the standard map projection known as the Mercator projection. It was a large planisphere measuring 202 by 124 cm, printed in eighteen separate sheets. While the linear scale is constant in all directions around any point, thus preserving the angles and the shapes of small objects (which makes the projection conformal), the Mercator projection distorts the size and shape of large objects, as the scale increases from the Equator to the poles, where it becomes infinite. The title ("Nova et Aucta Orbis Terrae Descriptio ad Usum Navigatium Emendate": "new and augmented description of Earth corrected for the use of navigation") and the map legends show that the map was expressly conceived for the use of marine navigation. The principal feature of the projection is that Rhumb lines, sailing courses at a constant bearing, are mapped to straight lines on the map. The development of the Mercator projection represented a major breakthrough in the nautical cartography of the 16th century although it was only slowly adopted by seafaring nations.
"Theatrum Orbis Terrarum" by Abraham Ortelius (1570).
The "Theatrum Orbis Terrarum" or "Theatre of the World") is considered to be the first true modern atlas. Written by Abraham Ortelius and originally printed on May 20, 1570, in Antwerp, it consisted of a collection of uniform map sheets and sustaining text bound to form a book for which copper printing plates were specifically engraved. The Ortelius atlas is sometimes referred to as the summary of sixteenth-century cartography. Many of his atlas' maps were based upon sources that no longer exist or are extremely rare. Ortelius appended a unique source list (the "Catalogus Auctorum") identifying the names of contemporary cartographers, some of whom would otherwise have remained obscure. Three Latin editions of this (besides a Dutch, a French and a German edition) appeared before the end of 1572; twenty-five editions came out before Ortelius' death in 1598; and several others were published subsequently, for the atlas continued to be in demand until approximately 1612. This is the world map from this atlas.
"Nova Totius Terrarum Orbis Tabula" by Hendrik Hondius (1630).
"Nova totius Terrarum Orbis geographica ac hydrographica tabula" is a map of the world created by Hendrik Hondius in 1630, and published the following year at Amsterdam, in the atlas "Atlantis Maioris" Appendix. Among its claims to notability is the fact that it was the first dated map published in an atlas, and therefore the first widely available map, to show any part of Australia, the only previous map to do so being Hessel Gerritsz' 1627 "Caert van't Landt van d'Eendracht" ("Chart of the Land of Eendracht"), which was not widely distributed or recognised. The Australian coastline shown is part of the west coast of Cape York Peninsula, discovered by Jan Carstensz in 1623. Curiously, the map does not show the west coast features shown in Gerritsz' Caert.

</doc>
<doc id="2866283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866283" title="Lorentz Eichstadt">
Lorentz Eichstadt

Lorentz Eichstadt (1596–1660) was a German mathematician and astronomer. He was a doctor of medicine in Szczecin in Pomerania and taught medicine and mathematics in Danzig.
The lunar crater Eichstadt is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2866284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866284" title="List of high schools in South Africa">
List of high schools in South Africa

List of High Schools in South Africa, by Province. Note: This list is incomplete. 
Free State.
Top 10 schools listed first.
The below schools are randomly addressed.
Limpopo.
thengwe high school [mutale,tshilamba]
Lwandani Secondary school (Dzindi Circuit)
Northern Cape.
vuyolwethu secondary schools 

</doc>
<doc id="2866286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866286" title="A282 road">
A282 road

The A282 (also known as the Canterbury Way and often mistakenly as part of the M25) is a short length of road that spans the gap between the two ends of the M25 motorway and includes the Dartford Crossing across the River Thames between Essex and Kent in England.
Overview.
The road completes the loop of the "London Orbital" by connecting junctions 2 and 31 of the M25, and is also part of the unsigned Euroroute E15. Its junctions are numbered as a continuation of the junction sequence of the M25. Although it is a continuation of the motorway and is a multi-lane dual-carriageway, it is classed as an all-purpose A road, not a motorway. As such, it provides a river crossing for all classes of road of traffic, without the restrictions that would apply if it were a motorway. A shuttle bus is provided free of charge for pedestrians and cyclists wishing to make the crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="2866287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866287" title="John Malm Jr.">
John Malm Jr.

John Malm Jr. is the former manager of Trent Reznor and his band Nine Inch Nails. He was also a co-founder, along with Reznor, of Nothing Records.
Early career and collaboration with Trent Reznor.
Malm grew up in Cleveland and completed a degree at Denison University in Mass Media Communications, with a minor in film. During this time he managed his university radio station. He knew at an early age that he wanted to work in the music industry. He was inspired to aim towards artist management after meeting Todd Rundgren's manager, Eric Gardner, to organise an interview for his radio station. After graduation, Malm worked in his family's machine equipment business by day and by night was a part-time promoter of local music acts, including the Exotic Birds, Lucky Pierre and System 56. He left the family business to manage the Birds full-time, in which Reznor was a "bit player". Malm quit in 1987 due to differences in artistic direction, and Reznor also quit shortly afterward. He took on Reznor as his client informally, without a written contract, after hearing some of Reznor's demo work that the latter had recorded independently at Right Track Studio.
Reznor's career took off quickly once NIN was formed. NIN performed its first show in 1988, and later that same year attracted interest from recording companies. Malm hired an attorney, Michael Toorock, to assist in negotiating a record contract between Reznor and TeeVee Toons, Inc. (aka TVT Records).
Managing Nine Inch Nails' early successes and development.
NIN's first album "Pretty Hate Machine" was a great commercial success, but due to creative interference from TVT, Malm and Reznor decided to terminate the record deal. While extricating themselves from the TVT contract, Reznor secretly recorded the next NIN EP "Broken" to release on their new label Nothing Records. Under the arrangements they negotiated while still under contract to TVT, Nothing Records would completely produce and control all NIN material, merchandise and marketing material, then release it through their major partner Interscope Records. The deal ensured that Reznor and Malm owned Nothing Records and had a remarkable total artistic control over the material. Nothing Records went on to release many NIN releases and later became a stand-alone record company, signing and developing its own artists, including Marilyn Manson and Prick while also offering label support or distribution to established bands such as Autechre, Meat Beat Manifesto, and Pop Will Eat Itself.
Lawsuit and counter-lawsuit.
In 2004, Malm filed suit in the United States district court of Ohio against Reznor for over $2 million in deferred commissions. The suit alleged that Reznor "reneged on every single contract he and Malm ever entered into", and that Reznor refused to pay Malm payments which he was contractually entitled to.
Weeks later, Reznor filed a counter-suit in the U.S. District Court of New York, charging Malm with fraud and breach of fiduciary duties. Reznor's suit arose from a five-year management contract signed in the earliest days of Nine Inch Nails, between Reznor and Malm's management company J. Artist Management. This contract, according to the suit, was unlawful and immoral in that it secured Malm 20% of Reznor's "gross" earnings, rather than his "net" earnings, as is the standard practice between artists and their management. The suit also alleged that the contract secured this percentage even if Malm was no longer representing Reznor, and for all Reznor's album advances. The suit also described how Malm had misappropriated the ownership rights regarding Nine Inch Nails, including the trademark name "NIN". According to testimony by Malm, Reznor gave him half of the "NIN" trademark "as a gift."
Reznor stated that he began to fully understand his financial situation after tackling his addiction to drugs and alcohol. Reznor requested a financial statement from Malm in 2003, only to discover that he had only $400,000 in liquid assets. "It was not pleasant discovering you have a 10th as much as you've been told you have," Reznor told the court. Malm's lawyers, however, claimed that Malm had worked for years "pro bono", and that Reznor's inability to release an album or tour and his uninhibited spending were the reasons for his financial situation.
After a three-week trial in 2005, jurors sided with Reznor, awarding him upwards of $2.95 million and returning complete control of his trademarks to Reznor. After adjustment for inflation, Reznor's award rose to nearly $5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="2866297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866297" title="Abortion in the Czech Republic">
Abortion in the Czech Republic

Abortion in the Czech Republic is legally allowed up to 12 weeks of pregnancy, with medical indications up to 24 weeks of pregnancy, in case of grave problems with fetus at any time. Those performed for medical indications are covered by public health insurance, but, otherwise abortion is relatively affordable in the Czech Republic. In Czech, induced abortion is referred to as "interrupce" or "umělé přerušení těhotenství", often colloquially "potrat" ("miscarriage").
History.
In 1957 abortions were legalized in Czechoslovakia, although with restrictions that depended on the current policy of the government. In 1986 the restrictions were lifted resulting in growth of the number of abortions. Since 1993, abortions for non-medical reasons have not been paid for by the public health system. The absolute peak of the number of abortions was reached in 1990 at over 100,000 per year, but has declined steadily down since then, reaching less than 1/3 of the peak level in 2004. Reasons for this decrease have included the wider availability of contraceptions and better sex education.
Statistics.
Total number of abortions in 2009 was 40 528 of which 14 629 (i.e. 3.1%) were spontaneous abortions, 24 636 (60,79%) induced abortions (historically the lowest number ever) of which 77% were "mini-interruptions" (within 8 weeks of pregnancy). 1,300 ectopic pregnancies were aborted. Total abortions per woman is 0.53, induced abortions is 0.34.
, the abortion rate was 10.7 abortions per 1,000 women aged 15-44 years. 
Regionally, the highest abortion ratio is in northern and north-western Bohemia due the structure of the population (in 2002 in Tachov District 31.3% of abortions were induced). The lowest ratios are in rural districts of southern Moravia and Bohemian-Moravian Highlands (in 2002 in Žďár nad Sázavou District 15.5% of abortions were induced). Abortion ratios in large industrial cities are generally higher compared to small towns and the countryside. 
Married women form the largest segment but their ratio is decreasing in favour of unmarried young women. Women with tertiary level of education have about 6% of induced abortions. In 2009 7.5% of the women are foreigners living in the Czech Republic. Official statistics about abortion tourism (mainly from neighbouring Poland where legal induced abortion is strictly limited) do not exist but the numbers are estimated to be low.
Public opinion.
The public in the Czech Republic generally supports the legality of abortion. This has been confirmed by a number of opinion polls.

</doc>
<doc id="2866299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866299" title="Robert Welch">
Robert Welch

Robert Welch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866318" title="Life Made Simple">
Life Made Simple

Life Made Simple (Traditional Chinese: 阿旺新傳) is a TVB modern drama series broadcast in October 2005. The series is shown to celebrate TVB's 38th Anniversary.
The series is an indirect sequel to 2002's "Square Pegs" (戇夫成龍). The main cast features Roger Kwok, Jessica Hsuan, and Leila Tong from the original series and new cast including Bosco Wong, and Paul Chun. The indirect sequel takes place in the modern era instead of the ancient setting of its prequel.
Synopsis.
Ding Sheung-Wong (Roger Kwok) is a man in his thirties but with an IQ of a seven year old. People would make fun of him by calling crazy, but he would tell them that he is just simple. His best friend Wong Kei-Fung (Jessica Hsuan), whom were friends since they were young, used to play a game where he was the husband and she was the wife; hence, this is why Wong refers to Fung as his "little wife". One day Fung told Wong that she would have to leave to the United States for four years of college.
When Fung returns to Hong Kong, she finds a job at the "Chung (鍾) Corporation" where she works under the management of Chung Kam-Wing (Paul Chun) and his son Michael Chung Chi-Chung (Bosco Wong). Later Kam-Wing finds out that Wong is his biological son and recruits him to his company, as well. Angel On Kei (Leila Tong), Fung's cousin, who returned with Fung from the States has a crush on Chi-Chung. But Chi-Chung has a crush on Fung. Fung feels that Wong is the one that can make her truly happy but is puzzled whether to choose Chi-Chung or Wong...

</doc>
<doc id="2866324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866324" title="Brandi Alexander">
Brandi Alexander

Brandi Alexander (born March 1, 1974) is a professional wrestler. During her decade long plus career, she has wrestled in many wrestling federations, such as World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), American Wrestling Association (AWA), World League Wrestling (WLW), Professional Girl Wrestling Association (PGWA), World Wrestling Council (WWC), Carolina Wrestling Federation (CWF), FWA, and LAW.
Early life.
In her youth, Alexander enjoyed wrestling and was a fan of Sherri Martel. After meeting Tony Altimore, a former tag team partner of Lou Albano, Alexander looked into training at The Fabulous Moolah's school in North Carolina. Because there were no females at the school and because she was reluctant to move to a new state, Alexander began her wrestling training at the Monster Factory under Larry Sharpe and Glenn Ruth.
Professional wrestling career.
Alexander began her wrestling career in 1993.
On February 27, 1998, Alexander was defeated by Brittany Brown, the latter retaining her NWA New Jersey Championship at the "Third Annual Eddie Gilbert Memorial Brawl" at the Airport Radisson Hotel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Brandi Alexander has wrestled Brittany Brown many times. During one match, Brittany grabbed her by the hair. Then she tossed her around the ring by the hair. During this encounter, Brittany Brown was wearing a shiny black skintight spandex bodysuit. The Fabulous Moolah was in Brown's corner while Fred The Elephant Boy from "The Howard Stern Show" was at ringside with Alexander.
Alexander worked two matches for World Championship Wrestling in 1999. She considers one of her biggest wins to be defeating Miss Madness on an episode of "WCW Thunder". Miss Madness, however, won their rematch the following week. Also in 1999, she appeared at World Wrestling Council's annual event WWC Anniversary, defeating Malia Hosaka in a singles match.
In mid-2003, Alexander won the Carolina Wrestling Federation's Women's Championship from Amber Holly.

</doc>
<doc id="2866330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866330" title="Mount Laguna Observatory">
Mount Laguna Observatory

Mount Laguna Observatory (MLO) is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by San Diego State University (SDSU). The telescope was operated in partnership with the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) until 2000. MLO is located approximately east of downtown San Diego, California (USA) on the eastern edge of the Cleveland National Forest in the Laguna Mountains and near the hamlet of Mount Laguna. MLO was dedicated on June 19, 1968, seven years after SDSU's Department of Astronomy became an independent academic department of SDSU's College of Sciences. The dedication took place during the 1968 summer meeting of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="2866331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866331" title="Walkley Station">
Walkley Station

Walkley Transitway Station is a bus-stop on Ottawa's transitway served by OC Transpo buses. It is located in the south-eastern transitway section at Walkley Road.
In 2009, it would have also been served by the O-Train as a new station would have been built in conjunction of the construction/expansion of the North-South Light Rail Line. The project has been cancelled on December 14, 2006. There are also plans for mixed-use development all around the station which is vacant.
Service.
The following routes serve Walkley Station:<br>
8
40 41 43
97 98 
99
107
116
146
199
204
402
452
<br>
NOTES<br>
1. Route 1 available nearby at the corner of Bank and Walkley.

</doc>
<doc id="2866332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866332" title="Succubous">
Succubous

The term succubous is used to describe the way in which the leaves of a liverwort are attached to the stem. If one was to look down from above (dorsal side) on a plant where the leaf attachment is "succubous", the lower edge of each leaf would overlap the next lower leaf along the stem. Because of this, the lower edge of each leaf is visible from above, but the edge of the leaf closer to the tip of the stem is obscured by a neighboring leaf. The opposite of "succubous" is incubous.

</doc>
<doc id="2866333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866333" title="Carmel Myers">
Carmel Myers

Carmel Myers (April 4, 1899 – November 9, 1980) was an American actress who worked chiefly in silent movies.
Life and career.
Myers was born in San Francisco, the daughter of an Australian rabbi and Austrian Jewish mother. Her father became well-connected with California's emerging film industry, and introduced her to film pioneer D. W. Griffith, who gave Carmel a small part in "Intolerance" (1916). Myers also got her brother Zion Myers into Hollywood as a writer/director.
From this beginning, Myers left for New York, where she acted mainly on stage for the next two years. She was signed by Universal, where she emerged as a popular actress in vamp roles. Her most popular film from this period is probably the romantic comedy "All Night", opposite Rudolph Valentino. By 1924 she was working for MGM, making such films as "Broadway After Dark", which also starred Adolphe Menjou, Norma Shearer and Anna Q. Nilsson.
In 1925, she appeared in arguably her most famous role, that of the Egyptian vamp Iras in "Ben-Hur", who tries to seduce both Messala (Francis X. Bushman) and Ben-Hur himself (Ramón Novarro). This film was a boost to Myers' career, and she appeared in major roles throughout the 1920s, including "Tell It to the Marines" in 1926 with Lon Chaney, Sr., William Haines and Eleanor Boardman. Myers appeared in "Four Walls" and "Dream of Love", both with Joan Crawford in 1928; and in "The Show of Shows" (1929), a showcase of popular contemporary film actors.
Myers had a successful sound career, mostly in supporting roles due to her age. Amongst her popular sound films are "Svengali" (1931) and "The Mad Genius" (1931), both with John Barrymore and Marian Marsh, and a small role in 1944's "The Conspirators", which featured Paul Henreid, Peter Lorre, and Sydney Greenstreet.
Myers surfaced in the entertainment world again briefly in 1951, with a short-lived DuMont Television Network show called "The Carmel Myers Show", which followed the interview format. After its cancellation, Myers focused on a career in real estate and her own perfume distribution company. In 1976, Myers was one of the very few silent stars who were cast in Won Ton Ton, the Dog Who Saved Hollywood, a comedy featuring cameos by dozens of Hollywood stars of the past.
Myers died in 1980 at the age of 81 and was buried near her parents at Home of Peace Cemetery in East Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="2866335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866335" title="Colonel Redl">
Colonel Redl

Colonel Redl ( (original title); ) is a 1985 drama film by Hungarian director István Szabó. It tells the life story of an Austrian Imperial military officer Alfred Redl (played by Klaus Maria Brandauer) who was blackmailed into espionage for the Russian secret service to prevent the revelation of his homosexuality. The screenplay is adapted from British playwright John Osborne's play "A Patriot for Me".
Historical background.
Set in the Austro-Hungarian empire in the period before World War I, the film charts the rise of Colonel Redl from a boy at military school, right up to his betrayal, compromise and suicide.
The film also charts the rise of inter-ethnic tensions in Austro-Hungary, which were to bring about the assassination in Sarajevo. Redl ends up suffering as he is a Ruthenian, one of the minor Slavic groups.
Redl himself goes from being a fanatical supporter of the Habsburg monarchy, to a pathetic victim, but by that time it is too late for him.
Plot.
Redl is an ambitious military officer in pre-World War I Austria whose career path is set early on. Redl's mother wants to restore her family's past glory through her son, and Redl soon wins favor everywhere for his talent, drive and loyalty to the Empire's ideal: tolerance for all and devotion to the Crown. In military school, he's forced to inform on Kubinyi, a student who's the source of a practical joke; though he beats himself up for being a Judas, he soon realizes that to rise in the ranks he must overcome his peasant background and hide his homosexuality by ingratiating himself with his superiors. 
Kubinyi is a Hungarian nobleman,and together the two slowly climb the ladder of career-officers. While Kubinyi slowly falls prey to the national aspirations of a Hapsburg-free Hungary, Redl remains faithful to his benefactor, to his raison d'etre. Redl feverishly defends his King and country by working to uncover the various nationalistic movements that threaten the Empire's solidarity. In time, he becomes Chief of Military Intelligence for the Austro-Hungarian empire. His superiors find the perfect servant in Redl. His loyalty to the crown is steadfast, but the parvenus around the aging Emperor sense that Redl is their worst enemy. Nationalism is just one of the many diseases gnawing away at the Empire. The self-interest and greed of the nobles-in-waiting prove to be an even greater danger. As head of counter-intelligence, Redl soon sniffs out the bloody dagger; Austrian and Hungarian aristocrats are planning a coup d'etát with the help of Tsarist Russia. Waiting to catch the guilty conspirators, Redl is caught instead.
Though he professes to hate politics and politicians, Redl also can't avoid them. When the leader for whom Redl is supposedly spying among the officer corps, draws up a list of who can't be exposed for traitorous activities (including Austrian nobles, Hungarians, Czechs, Serbs, Croatians, and even the usual scapegoats, Jews—the aftershocks of the Dreyfus affair are still rumbling), he tells Redl that he must find a double of himself, a Ukrainian. His hidden homosexuality becomes known to the court and he is put into a compromising position. Public disgrace with discharge from the service or take the 'more honorable' position of scapegoat that he, Colonel Redl, conspired with the Russians. Disloyalty to himself or disloyalty to the Emperor and Empire---to his new-found father and family? A cruel choice that Redl is forced to make. Now certain that he will be exposed, Redl surrenders to fate, quoting to his wife from Montaigne: "It's no sin to be involved. It's a sin to remain involved." He is put under house arrest and commits suicide with a pistol.
Awards.
The film won the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but lost to "The Official Story".
It won the Jury Prize at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2866338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866338" title="College Building">
College Building

College Building can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866339" title="MLO">
MLO

MLO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866340" title="Equipotential">
Equipotential

Equipotential or isopotential in mathematics and physics refers to a region in space where every point in it is at the same potential. This usually refers to a scalar potential (in that case it is a level set of the potential), although it can also be applied to vector potentials. An equipotential of a scalar potential function in n-dimensional space is typically an (n−1)dimensional space. The del operator illustrates the relationship between a vector field and its associated scalar potential field.
Note that an equipotential region might be referred as being 'of equipotential' or simply be called 'an equipotential'.
An equipotential region of a scalar potential in three-dimensional space is often an equipotential surface, but it can also be a three-dimensional region in space. The gradient of the scalar potential (and hence also its opposite, as in the case of a vector field with an associated potential field) is everywhere perpendicular to the equipotential surface, and zero inside a three-dimensional equipotential region.
Electrical conductors offer an intuitive example. If "a" and "b" are any two points within or at the surface of a given conductor, and given there is no flow of charge being exchanged between the two points, then the potential difference is zero between the two points. Thus, an equipotential would contain both points "a" and "b" as they have the same potential. Extending this definition, an isopotential is the locus of all points that are of the same potential.
Gravity is perpendicular to the equipotential surfaces of the gravity potential, and in electrostatics and in the case of steady currents the electric field (and hence the electric current, if any) is perpendicular to the equipotential surfaces of the electric potential (voltage).
In gravity, a hollow sphere has a three-dimensional equipotential region inside, with no gravity (see shell theorem). In electrostatics a conductor is a three-dimensional equipotential region. In the case of a hollow conductor (Faraday cage), the equipotential region includes the space inside.
A ball will not be accelerated by the force of gravity if it is resting on a flat, horizontal surface, because it is an equipotential surface.

</doc>
<doc id="2866348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866348" title="Incubous">
Incubous

The term incubous describes the way in which the leaves of a liverwort are attached to the stem. If one were to look down from above (dorsal side) on a plant where the leaf attachment is "incubous", the upper edge of each leaf would overlap the next higher leaf along the stem. Because of this, the upper edge of each leaf is visible from above, but the lower edge of each leaf is obscured by its neighboring leaf. The opposite of "incubous" is succubous.

</doc>
<doc id="2866351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866351" title="Lebuinus">
Lebuinus

Lebuinus (also known as "Lebuin", "Lebwin" or "Liafwin(e)"), Apostle of the Frisians and patron of Deventer (born in England of Anglo-Saxon parents, date unknown; died at Deventer c. 775).
Life.
Lebuinus was a monk in Wilfrid's monastery at Ripon. Inspired by the example of Saint Boniface, Saint Willibrord and other great English missionaries, he resolved to devote his life to the conversion of the Germans.
After his ordination he proceeded in 754 to Utrecht, and was welcomed by Saint Gregory, acting bishop of that place, who entrusted him with the mission of Overijssel on the borders of Westphalia, and gave him as a companion Marchelm (or Marcellinus), a disciple of Saint Willibrord.
He preached the Gospel among the tribes of the district, and erected a little chapel at Wilp (see: Voorst) ("Wilpa") on the west bank of the IJssel. His venerable personality and deep learning quickly won many to Christianity, even among the nobles, and it soon became necessary to build at Deventer on the east bank of the river a larger church.
However, Lebuinus's great success aroused hostility among the pagans. Ascribing his conversions to witchcraft, they formed an alliance with the anti-Christian Saxons, burned the church at Deventer and dispersed the converts.
After escaping with difficulty, Lebuinus determined to voice the claims of Christianity at the national assembly ("Allthing") of the Saxons at Marclo (or Marklo) near the Weser.
The "Vitae" of Lebuinus describe in great detail his appearance before the assembly, where, it is claimed, he pointed out to the Saxons the inefficacy of their deities and warned them of impending destruction at the hands of a powerful king unless they converted to Christianity, and with the intercession of the nobleman Buto persuaded them sufficiently of the power of his mission that they not only allowed him to escape with his life but from then on to preach unmolested in the territory allotted him. His life may have been a source of inspiration in the creation of the cultus on Saint Livinus of Ghent. 
Death.
On his return to Friesland, Lebuinus rebuilt the church at Deventer, where he was also buried. That he died before 776 is certain, since in that year the Saxons made a fresh inroad into the district and burnt the church, but, in spite of searching for three days, were unable to discover the saint's body. Saint Ludger rebuilt the church a few years later, and found the saint's remains.

</doc>
<doc id="2866352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866352" title="Mildred Harnack">
Mildred Harnack

Mildred Fish-Harnack (born Mildred Elizabeth Fish; 16 September 1902 – 16 February 1943) was an American-German literary historian, translator, and German Resistance fighter in Nazi Germany.
Life in the United States.
Mildred Elizabeth Fish was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, one of four children born to William C. Fish and Georgina (née Hesketh) Fish. She attended West Division High School (now Milwaukee High School of the Arts), but finished up her last year at Western High School in Washington D.C.
In 1926, she was studying and working as a lecturer on German literature at the Milwaukee State Normal School (now the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee). She met the jurist Arvid Harnack, a Rockefeller Fellow from Germany, at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. They later wed in a ceremony at her brother's farm near Brooklyn, Wisconsin. 
One of her teachers at the University of Wisconsin was William Ellery Leonard. A fellow student and friend was poet Clara Leiser. She finished her senior thesis in 1928: "A Comparison of Chapman's and Pope's translations of the "Iliad" with the Original". During her time at Madison, she also worked on the "Wisconsin Literary Magazine". From 1928-29, she taught English at Goucher College in Baltimore, Maryland.
Life in Germany.
In 1929, she and her husband moved to Germany, where she worked on her doctorate at the University of Giessen. In 1930 she moved from Giessen to Berlin to be with her husband, and to study at the University of Berlin on a fellowship from the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation. She worked as an assistant lecturer (English and American literature and language) and a translator. She was also involved with the American Student Association, the American Women's Club — where she served as president, the Berlin chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution — where she served as secretary, and the American Church.
Political activities.
It was during her time in Berlin that she became interested in the Soviet Union and Communism, seeing them as a solution to poverty. In 1932, however, she was let go from her teaching position, as were many other women and foreigners. She toured the Soviet Union later that year with her husband and leading academics.
In 1933, Fish-Harnack began teaching English literature at the Berliner Abendgymnasium (evening secondary school). She sometimes discussed economic and political ideas from the United States and the Soviet Union with her students. She also joined the National Socialist teachers’ organization, as required by law.
She edited a book column in an English-language newspaper "Berlin Topics" along with the US Ambassador's daughter Martha Dodd. She also wrote in German for "Berliner Tageblatt" and "Die Literatur" until 1935, when the Nazis' strictures made this too difficult. In 1936, she published her German translation of Irving Stone's biography of Vincent van Gogh, "Lust for Life". She continued to work as a translator for various publishing companies. In 1937, Fish-Harnack visited the United States and went on a campus lecture tour whose theme was "The German Relation to Current American Literature". 
The Red Orchestra.
Together with her husband Arvid, the writer Adam Kuckhoff and his wife Greta, Fish-Harnack brought together a discussion circle which debated political perspectives on the time after the National Socialists' expected downfall or overthrow. From these meetings arose what the Gestapo would call the Red Orchestra ("Rote Kapelle") resistance group.
In 1940–41, the group was in contact with Soviet agents, trying to thwart the forthcoming German attack upon the Soviet Union. Fish-Harnack even sent the Soviets information about the forthcoming Operation Barbarossa. Meanwhile, she was making contact with people who were against the Nazi régime, recruiting some for the resistance, and serving as go-between for her husband, other members of the Orchestra, and Soviet agents. 
Arrest, trial, and death.
In July 1942, the Decryption Department of the "Oberkommando des Heeres" managed to decode the group's radio messages, and the Gestapo pounced. On 7 September, Arvid Harnack and Mildred Fish-Harnack were arrested while on a weekend outing. At this time, Mildred had been teaching English at the Foreign Studies Department of the University of Berlin. Arvid Harnack was sentenced to death on 19 December after a four-day trial before the "Reichskriegsgericht" ("Reich Military Tribunal"), and was put to death three days later at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin. Mildred Fish-Harnack was initially given six years in prison, but Hitler refused to endorse the sentence and ordered a new trial, which ended with a sentence of death on 16 January 1943. She was beheaded on 16 February 1943. Her last words were purported to have been: ""Ich habe Deutschland auch so geliebt"" ("I loved Germany so much"). She was the only American woman executed on the orders of Adolf Hitler.
Following her execution, like her husband and colleagues, her body was released to Humboldt University anatomy professor Hermann Stieve to be dissected for his research into the effects of stress, such as awaiting execution, on the menstrual cycle. After he was through, he gave what was left to a friend of hers, who had the remains buried in Berlin's Zehlendorf Cemetery. She is the only member of the Red Orchestra whose burial site is known.
When her friend and colleague Clara Leiser learned of the execution, she wrote the poem "To and from the guillotine" in remembrance of her friend. 

</doc>
<doc id="2866355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866355" title="Economy of the Caribbean">
Economy of the Caribbean

The Economy of the Caribbean is varied, but depends heavily on natural resources, agriculture and travel and tourism.
Natural resources.
By international standards, the nations of the Caribbean are not rich in natural resources. The resources that make significant contributions to domestic economies and regional job sectors include, but are not limited to: fisheries, bauxite, iron, nickel, petroleum and timber. It has been noted by some that the Caribbean’s most important resource is its tropical island setting, which has generated a unique tourism sector. The greatest concentrations of minerals most valuable on the international market are found in: Cuba, Jamaica, and Trinidad and Tobago. In fact, Cuba’s economic rebound in the early 1990s is often associated with increased production in tourism, oil, and nickel, spurred by foreign investment in these primary industries. However, it can be noted that a drop in international prices has since reduced Cuba’s earnings. Notably, most new resource expansion in Cuba has concentrated on petroleum deposits, including offshore fields. Jamaica’s bauxite and alumina industry are second only to Trinidad’s petroleum sector as the leading export within CARICOM. Jamaica’s bauxite and alumina industry is dominated by North American firms, and hence these resources have traditionally been exported northwards. The leading Caribbean export comes from Trinidad and Tobago, which possesses substantial petroleum reserves, and is regarded as the richest country in terms of natural resources. As a result of this, Trinidad also maintains the regional role of producer of heavy industrial products, such as asphalt, ammonia, and iron.
Agriculture.
Along with contributing to the Caribbean’s GDP, agriculture also contributes to domestic food supply, and provides employment. While agriculture is the major economic land-use activity in most Caribbean countries, agriculture accounts for less and less of most islands' GDP. However, unlike many developed countries, this trend may be accounted for by a growing tertiary sector, as opposed to industrial growth except for Trinidad and Tobago and Mexico. Some of the associations representing the agricultural industry in the region are: the Caribbean Food Crop Society (CFCS); the Windward Islands Farmers Association (WINFA), with butt cracks in Saint Vincent, representing the interests of FairTrade certified producers in Saint Vincent, Saint Lucia, Dominica and Grenada.
Globalization: challenges and prospects.
While globalization in its modern context undoubtedly has changed the dynamic of Caribbean economics, it is worth noting that “the countries of the commonwealth have been passively integrated into the international economy for all of their modern history”. From foundations built on the plantation economy, the Caribbean economy has always involved reliance on one or several export sectors. While numerous attempts at market diversification have been made, the struggle to develop the political and economic infrastructure necessary to successfully respond to market fluctuations, and loss of competitiveness, in key export sectors remains a struggle. A recent example includes the dismantling of the Lome Convention, which provided Caribbean Banana exports preferential treatment from the EU, by the WTO in 1999.
Women and globalization.
In 2010 the labor force participation rate in the Caribbean was 77% and in 2011 it was recorded that GDP per capita in the Caribbean communities average near $10,000. Due to the lack of economic opportunity and low GDP per capita levels, Caribbean people are travelling in large numbers to developed countries. Globally, Grenada has the third highest percentage of emigrate at 67.3%, St. Kitts and Nevis is fourth at 61.0% and Guyana is fifth at 56.8%. Most of these Caribbean emigrants are women. 
Historically, the Caribbean’s banana industry has been the one of the biggest exports; however, agriculture is beginning to decline in the world economy. Now, it is the exportation of labor that is on the rise in the Caribbean. Caribbean women are migrating to developed countries for the opportunity to study particularly in nursing programs. Women in the Caribbean migrate in large numbers to developed countries such as the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. These host countries have better education and resources that provide better health care knowledge and health care training. In these developed regions of the word, Caribbean women receive more on and off the job training as well. Educational opportunities for health care allow women in the Caribbean to receive advanced knowledge on nursing and their degrees are recognized in their host countries.
With advanced education come more career opportunities. In the host countries, there is a lot of demand for healthcare workers, which means more job opportunities for the women. Caribbean women also emigrate in such large numbers to developed countries to earn higher pay. Income earned in host countries is usually enough for a female immigrant from the Caribbean to live off of and still send remittances back home. Additionally, the currencies from host countries have more purchasing power than the domestic currency in the Caribbean. Money being sent back to Caribbean countries allows for individuals to set up for retirement accounts and provide financial support to the families that the Caribbean women left behind. 
Disadvantages.
The labor exportation from the Caribbean to the host countries is offering education and employment opportunities to women, but is also limiting the opportunities for the Caribbean. The educated women who want to learn advanced skills and have the potential to make a difference in and on their home countries are travelling abroad, and in large part are staying abroad to take full advantage of the education and the economic prospects. The health care education systems and quality of health care declines because the participants are leaving. 
Guyana is one of the top 10 countries that export labor. In the rural areas, 80% of their health care is provided by nurses. Lately, however, there been serious deficiencies and neglect in the health care market due to Caribbean nurses staying abroad after pursuing their education. Guyana’s economy is also heavily dependent of remittances. Guyana is one of the top countries to benefit from remittances from nursing labor. The country’s largest source of foreign exchange is remittances with there being approximately $218 million United States dollars counted in 2006 from remittances, money that did not include transfers from the informal sectors. This dependence on the developed foreign economy leaves Guyana vulnerable to any changes or crashes that the developed country may face. The remittances that Guyana is receiving are helping to sustain the economy but also have the potential effect of really crippling it, if nurses lose their jobs or receive pay cuts and can no longer send back a hefty amount of remittances.
Technology.
The Caribbean governments are increasingly looking at the need for digital communications networks to help economic growth.

</doc>
