<doc id="2904017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904017" title="Reggae Sunsplash">
Reggae Sunsplash

Reggae Sunsplash is a reggae music festival first staged in 1978 in the northern part of Jamaica. In 1985 it expanded with the addition of an international touring festival. The festival ran annually until 1996, with a final event in 1998, before it was revived in 2006.
History.
The Reggae Sunsplash festival was the brainchild of five Jamaicans - Tony Johnson, Don Green, Ronnie Burke, John Wakeling, Ed Barclay. The five founding directors created a company called Synergy Productions Ltd, which was responsible for promoting and producing the Reggae Sunsplash festival.
The first Reggae Sunsplash festival was staged at Jarrett Park, Montego Bay, Jamaica, in June 1978 and began at dusk and continued until dawn for seven days. With the help of Peter Martin, a longtime Jamaican tourism stalwart and his public relations firm, Peter Martin Associates, the Sunsplash Festival was able to gain international exposure. It was billed as the "biggest Reggae festival in the history of the world". The festival introduced the concept of music and travel as a boost to tourism in Jamaica. Prior to the staging of Reggae Sunsplash, the hotels in Jamaica were traditionally closed during the summer period. The five founding partners staged the festival each year for a number of years and successfully created an annual summer tourist season in Jamaica. The success of Reggae Sunsplash led to a wave of annual music festivals in Jamaica and the Caribbean islands. The festivals popularity led to a shortage of hotel rooms and a tradition of camping out on local beaches.
To promote Jamaica as a tourist and travelling target in Europe, the Jamaica Tourist Board invited in 1983 the German band "Supermax" as opening act of the annual festival in Montego Bay. Clever was to invite also several German journalists to report not only about the festival but also about the sunny side of Jamaica.
From 1981 the festivals were filmed and recorded, with several videos and albums released, the first being "Reggae Sunsplash '81: Tribute to Bob Marley", released by Elektra Records. From 1987 the festival included a sound clash event, with finalists from a national sound system competition competing as a precursor to the rest of the festival. The festival also expanded to include an 'oldies night' featuring stars from past eras of Jamaican music. For many years the festival was emcee's by Tommy Cowan.
In 1984 the Reggae Sunsplash festival also expanded into international events with a one-day festival staged at The Crystal Palace in London, England. In 1985 the Reggae Sunsplash World tour was launched in the USA and Japan and subsequent years saw the Reggae Sunsplash festival touring extensively throughout North America, Europe, South America and the Far East. 1991 saw the introduction of a 'Caribbean Night' featuring other Caribbean music such as soca, and the following year the festival's scope increased further with the addition of a 'World Beat Night'.
While the festival had become hugely popular, opening new global tourist niche markets to Jamaica and attracting millions of dollars of foreign exchange into the country, it had not been a financial success, largely due to the lack of sponsorship or government support. In 1995 the Chairman of the Jamaica Tourist Board operating through a company called Radobar Holdings Ltd offered financial assistance in exchange for equity in Synergy Productions, the founders of Reggae Sunsplash. This initial offer was never consummated and in a disputed claim Radobar Holdings announced the formation of a company called Reggae Sunsplash International in Jamaica and proceeded with the hostile take over of the Reggae Sunsplash festival. The first attempt at staging Reggae Sunsplash without the original owners Synergy Productions in 1996 was a financial disaster for the new claimants. In 1997 the Reggae Sunsplash festival was postponed until 1998 when it was timed to coincide with celebrations of the birth of Bob Marley but more losses were incurred. More futile attempts at recapturing the original spirit of the Reggae Sunsplash festival were never replicated by the Radobar group.
The festival was re-established by the Johnson family in 2006, but it was not successful. The international touring festival, however, has continued.
Two of the founding directors, John Wakeling and Tony Johnson died and with the passing of Tony Johnson a number of individuals have tried to claim the rights to the festival unsuccessfully and all have failed to recapture the spirit of the legendary Reggae Sunsplash. Don Green, Ronnie Burke and Ed Barclay are the three remaining Reggae Sunsplash founders alive.

</doc>
<doc id="2904019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904019" title="LSWR B4 class">
LSWR B4 class

The London and South Western Railway B4 class is a class of 0-4-0T dock tank.
The London and South Western Railway's built twenty to a design by their Locomotive Superintendent William Adams at its Nine Elms Works during the 1891–1893 period. They were designed for shunting in locations with sharp curvature, and were used in places such as Southampton Docks (which the LSWR purchased in November 1892), the Poole Quay Line, and the Hamworthy Freight Branch.
Adams' successor, Dugald Drummond, designed and built a similar class of five in 1905, designating them the K14 class. However Drummond's successor considered them so similar, that they were merged in to the B4 class.
Many locomotives were used by Southampton Docks, who had a tradition of giving their locomotives names rather than numbers. Consequently, twelve locomotives received names while in dock service:
Preservation.
Two survive: no. 96 (BR no. 30096) "Normandy" is at the end of its boiler certificate and is on static display awaiting overhaul at the Bluebell Railway in Sussex, while no. 102 (BR no. 30102) "Granville" is on display at the Bressingham Steam Museum near Diss, Norfolk

</doc>
<doc id="2904020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904020" title="Jayanta Mahapatra">
Jayanta Mahapatra

Jayanta Mahapatra (born 1928) is one of the best known Indian English poets.
Indian Poets Trio.
Besides being one of the popular Indian poets of his generation, Mahapatra was also part of the trio of poets who laid the foundations of Indian English Poetry. He shared a special bond with A. K. Ramanujan, one the finest poets in the IEP tradition. Mahapatra is also different in not being a product of the Bombay school of poets besides R. Parthasarathy. Over time, he has managed to carve a quiet, tranquail poetic voice of his own—distinctly different from those of his contemporaries. His wordy lyricism combined with authentic Indian themes put him in a league of his own.
Career.
All his working life, he taught physics at various colleges in Odisha including Gangadhar Meher College, Sambalpur, B.J.B College, Bhubaneswar, Fakir Mohan College, Balasore and Ravenshaw College, Cuttack. He retired in 1986.
Mahapatra has authored 27 books of poems, of which 7 are in Oriya and the rest in English. His poetry volumes include "Relationship, Bare Face" and "Shadow Space". Mahapatra is a Sahitya Akademi awardee, and also a recipient of the Jacob Glatstein award conferred by "Poetry" magazine, Chicago. He was also awarded the Allen Tate Poetry Prize for 2009 from The Sewanee Review, Sewanee, USA. He received the SAARC Literary Award, New Delhi, 2009. Besides poetry, he has experimented widely with myriad forms of prose. His published books of prose are "Green Gardener", an anthology of short stories and Door Of Paper: Essay and Memoirs. Mahapatra is also a distinguished editor and has been bringing out, for many years, a literary magazine, "Chandrabhaga", from Cuttack. The magazine is named after Chandrabhaga, a prominent river in Orissa.
He began writing writing poetry when he was into his 40s. The publication of his first book of poems, "Svayamvara and Other Poems", in 1971 was followed by the publication of "Close The Sky Ten By Ten." One of Mahapatra's better remembered works is the long poem "Relationship", for which he the first Indian English poet to win the Sahitya Akademi award in 1981.
He was conferred the Padma Shri in 2009 by the president of India and was awarded an honorary doctorate by Ravenshaw University on 2 May 2009. He was also awarded Litt. D. degree by Utkal University in 2006.
Books by Jayanta Mahapatra.
Prose
Poetry in Oriya
Edited
Anthologies
Mahapatra's poems have been anthologized in the celebrated volumes of Indian poetry edited by R. Parthasarathy and Arvind Krishna Mehrotra. Significant anthologies in which his work appears are:
Critical studies.
Year: 2012, ISBN 8179103749, Printed INR: 600.00,Binding: Hard Cover,Pages: 162
See also.
Rock Pebbles, Vol. XV No.1, Jan-June 2011(a special issue on Jayanta Mahapatra)ISSN 0975 0509

</doc>
<doc id="2904025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904025" title="Centre Region (Burkina Faso)">
Centre Region (Burkina Faso)

Centre is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. The population of Centre was 1,523,980 in 2006. It is the most populous and urbanised region in Burkina Faso; 11.1% of Burkina's population lives in Centre. The region's capital is Ouagadougou, which also serves as the national capital. Centre region consists of only one province, Kadiogo.

</doc>
<doc id="2904026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904026" title="Peter Winter (athlete)">
Peter Winter (athlete)

Peter John Winter (born 17 January 1971 in Melbourne, Victoria) is a retired male decathlete from Australia. He first represented Australia at the World Junior Championships in 1990. He further represented at the World Student Games in 1993. He was a Commonwealth Games silver medallist in 1994 in Victoria, Canada and first broke the Australian Record with 8074 points at that competition. He broke this record again whilst qualifying for the 1996 Summer Olympics with 8084 points after taking a year off due to an operation for a knee problem. He then competed at the 1996 Olympics in the decathlon, only to record 3 no jumps in the long jump.
Attended Melbourne High School 1985-1988. Attended Victoria University 1990-1992 completing a Bachelor of Applied Science with a triple major in Physical Education, Sports Psychology and Sports Marketing. He then declined entry into a PhD program for Sports Psychology preferring instead to enter a combined LLB/BA program at Monash University. He decided not to finish this program in preference for beginning a career as a track and field coach.
Winter ran his own business in Melbourne as a track and field consultant from 2000 to 2007 where one of his clients, St Kevin's College, became the most successful Boys Secondary School for the sport of Athletics in the country. He also coached national underage champions for the Decathlon in 2004, 2006 and 2007 as well as national underage champions in the 110h and 800m and 400m athletes.
Winter recently filled the position of Head Coach of Athletics at NorthSport Academy, based at the Millennium Institute in Auckland, New Zealand. He recently finished there and has no further interest in the profession of athletics coaching at this point in time. He continues to coach independently.
He was coached by highly credentialed former Ukrainian coach Efim Shuravetsky before self coaching from 1994-1996. He now has a mentoree relationship with Efim.
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2904034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904034" title="Noisy Stylus">
Noisy Stylus

Noisy Stylus is a turntablist group from Cologne, Germany. It was founded in 1997 and consists of four DJs: Adlib, Tre Styles, Tobeyer and Dynamike.
Noise Stylus holds four national DJ Champion titles: German DMC Champion 2001, German DMC Team Champion 2002 & 2003, German International Turntablist Federation Team Champion 2004. They also hold two international titles: European International Turntablist Federation Team Champion 2004 & International Turntablist Federation Vice-World Team Champion 2004.
They have released four records, a complete album created entirely from scratching, as well as two 12"-singles, all on Beatz aus der Bude-Records. They also created various tracks for international compilations such as the Transmissions-CD on Asisphonics-Records or the late Return of the DJ Vol.V on Bomb Hip Hop-Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2904041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904041" title="Verna Mae Slone">
Verna Mae Slone

Verna Mae Slone (October 9, 1914 – January 5, 2009) was an Appalachian author from Knott County, Kentucky.
In the 1970s, Slone wrote what she felt was an honest account of her forefathers for her grandchildren. She had only a few copies of these accounts printed, never intending for anything to become of it. But after her grandchildren read the works, they enjoyed it so much they passed it around, and the writings built up so much popularity they gave Slone a chance to publish her stories. In 1979, her first book, "What My Heart Wants to Tell" was published by New Republic. Slone had always been a strong advocate for preserving the Appalachian way of life, disproving many of the myths and stereotypes that follow the culture.

</doc>
<doc id="2904042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904042" title="Empress Liang Na">
Empress Liang Na

Empress Liang Na (梁妠) (116–150), formally Empress Shunlie (順烈皇后, literally "the kind and achieving empress"), was an empress during the Han Dynasty. Her husband was Emperor Shun of Han. She later served as regent for his son Emperor Chong, and the two subsequent emperors from collateral lines, Emperor Zhi and Emperor Huan. As empress dowager and regent, she appeared to be diligent and honest, but she overly trusted her violent and corrupt brother Liang Ji, whose autocratic nature would eventually draw a "coup d'etat" from Emperor Huan after Empress Dowager Liang's death, leading to the destruction of the Liang clan.
Family background and marriage to Emperor Shun.
The future empress was born in 116. Her father was Liang Shang (梁商)—an honest official who was also the Marquess of Chengshi, being the grandson of a brother of Consort Liang, the mother of Emperor He. Liang Na was described as diligent in handcraft and sewing, as well as history and the Confucian classics, as a child.
In 128, when she was 12, both she and her aunt were selected to be Emperor Shun's imperial consorts. (Emperor Shun was 13.) She was a favored consort, but she often declined offers to have sexual relations with the emperor, reasoning that an emperor needs to be equitable and give opportunities to other consorts. Emperor Shun became impressed with her greatly. In 131, when he was considering creating an empress, he initially considered asking the gods for guidance and drawing lots from between four of his favorites, but after officials discouraged him from drawing lots, he considered Consort Liang most virtuous, so created her empress in early 132.
As empress.
As empress, Empress Liang continued to show humility, and did not interfere significantly in her husband's administration. Emperor Shun, however, became very trustful of her relatives, and her father Liang Shang was quickly promoted repeatedly, eventually becoming Grand Marshall (大將軍). Liang Shang was a mild-mannered and honest man, although lacking in abilities. He did, however, trust other capable and honest officials, and during his term of office, the political scene was a lot cleaner than before. Eventually, Empress Liang's brothers Liang Ji and Liang Buyi (梁不疑) also became key officials.
In 141, Liang Shang died, and Emperor Shun, in an ill-advised move, gave his position to Liang Ji. Liang Ji would, as the years go by, stamp out all dissent and position himself as the most powerful individual in the imperial administration.
Throughout her husband's reign, Empress Liang continued to be a favorite of Emperor Shun's, but she never bore a son for him. Emperor Shun was only known to have had one son—Liu Bing (劉炳), born to Consort Yu in 143. In 144, as Emperor Shun was growing ill, he created the toddler crown prince. He died four months later, and Crown Prince Bing succeeded to the throne as Emperor Chong. Empress Liang, now empress dowager, served as regent.
As regent for Emperors Chong and Zhi.
Empress Dowager Liang appeared to be diligent in governing over the empire, and she trusted several key officials with integrity to advise her on important affairs. However, she also trusted her brother Liang Ji greatly, and Liang used her position to further consolidate his own. However, she was willing to go against his advice on a number of occasions, and she, for example, protected the honest official Li Gu (李固) against Liang Ji's demands to execute Li, in 145.
In 145, the young Emperor Chong died, and in an effort to be open to people, Empress Dowager Liang announced his death openly immediately. She summoned the young emperor's third cousins Liu Suan (劉蒜), the Prince of Qinghe, and Liu Zuan (劉纘), the son of Liu Hong (劉鴻) the Prince of Bohai, to the capital Luoyang, to be examined as potential successors. Prince Suan was probably an adult, and was described as solemn and proper, and the key officials largely favored him. However, Liang Ji wanted a young emperor whom he could control, so he convinced Empress Dowager Liang to make the seven-year-old Liu Zuan emperor (as Emperor Zhi). Empress Dowager Liang continued to serve as regent.
In 146, after the young Emperor Zhi showed signs that he was already cognizant of Liang Ji's corruption and offended Liang Ji by openly calling him "an arrogant general," Liang Ji had him poisoned, apparently without Empress Dowager Liang's knowledge. The key officials again largely favored Prince Suan as successor, but Liang Ji again vetoed their wishes, and instead persuaded Empress Dowager Liang to make the 14-year-old Liu Zhi (劉志), the Marquess of Liwu, who was betrothed to Empress Dowager Liang and Liang Ji's sister Liang Nüying, emperor (as Emperor Huan). Empress Dowager Liang continued to serve as regent.
As regent for Emperor Huan.
Serving as regent for Emperor Huan, Empress Dowager Liang largely continued her policies as before, but Liang Ji became ever more powerful and was able to finally pushed Li Gu out of the government in 146 after Li Gu had publicly opposed Emperor Huan's ascension.
In 147, Emperor Huan married Empress Dowager Liang's sister Liang Nüying and created her empress. Later that year, Liang Ji falsely accused Li Gu and Prince Suan of a conspiracy to start a military rebellion. Prince Suan was demoted to be Marquess of Weishi, and he committed suicide. Li, and another key official who opposed Liang Ji, Du Qiao (杜喬), were executed.
In 150, Empress Dowager Liang announced that she was stepping down as regent and returning imperial authorities to Emperor Huan. She died later that year and was buried with her husband Emperor Shun. However, Liang Ji remained in effective control of government and now, without his sister to curb his power, became ever more violent and corrupt. This eventually drew a reaction from Emperor Huan, who conspired with eunuchs to overthrow Liang Ji in a coup d'état in 159. The Liang clan was slaughtered.

</doc>
<doc id="2904045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904045" title="Centre-Est Region">
Centre-Est Region

Centre-Est is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. The population of Centre-Est was 1,132,023 in 2006. The region's capital is Tenkodogo. Three provinces - Boulgou, Koulpélogo, and Kouritenga, make up the region. In 2005, this region was governed by Jacob Ouedraogo ( link).

</doc>
<doc id="2904048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904048" title="Guanín">
Guanín

Guanín may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2904051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904051" title="Fourth and Long Gone">
Fourth and Long Gone

Fourth and Long Gone is a 1985 novel written by college football coaching legend Pepper Rodgers. Although fictional, it is a roman à clef based on true stories. Unlike more serious exposé-style sports fiction written by authors such as former Dallas Cowboys receiver Peter Gent, who authored the gritty "North Dallas Forty" and the darker "The Franchise", "Fourth and Long Gone" is more light-hearted and bawdy.
Plot summary.
Charles Forrest "Buck" Lee is an assistant coach to the legendary Coach Reginald Benbow "Buddy" Shavers at the powerhouse West Alabama State University in Evergreen. When Lee is hired as the new head coach job at West Alabama's historic in-state rival, the East Alabama University in Stanleyville, Shavers takes great offense because their rivalry is a bitter one. West Alabama has been extremely dominant in their meetings; the last East Alabama victory was years earlier when Buck Lee was a young assistant. Shavers didn't take to losing to them well.
In his last meeting with Shavers as a West Alabama assistant coach, Buck Lee accuses Buddy Shavers of sabotaging his chances of getting head coaching positions elsewhere, and cites, in particular, his failure to get the job at the United States Air Force Academy because Shavers said he had sex with West Alabama cheerleaders.
But Buck Lee has a plan to beat West Alabama: sign a phenomenal high school running back named Eaarnel Simpson. A certain Heisman Trophy candidate, most of the big name colleges want to sign him. But Coach Shavers is known as the master recruiter, so Buck Lee, believing he knows Shavers' recruiting style and tricks, takes the sole responsibility of signing Eaarnel Simpson and building a winning football team around him.
To do that, he uses a unique clique of assistant coaches, friends, and supporters who aid him in recruiting players, which means that, in one case, they have to essentially recruit the domineering father of a quarterback prospect. One of Lee's top supporters is a real estate agent who variously portrays a veterinarian, a gynecologist, and a Catholic priest.
Thanks to winning a lottery, East Alabama signs Eaarnel Simpson. Buck Lee believes that he's finally one-upped the master recruiter Shavers, but he has to defeat Shavers and West Alabama on the gridiron. However, Eaarnel Simpson fractures his ankle in the previous game and can't play in West Alabama game. A victory seems improbable, but the Rattlers do defeat the Hawks and Buck Lee wins Coach of the Year.
But the success comes at a price: his family leaves him.
Buck Lee.
The Atlanta, Georgia-born Buck Lee has a fear of dogs and fear of flying, never voted in his life, and has a chronic jock itch problem. He's also got a beautiful wife named Gail and a son named Bucky.
The Eaarnel Simpson/Herschel Walker comparison.
Pepper Rodgers has claimed that Eaarnel Simpson is a direct reference to former University of Georgia running back Herschel Walker. The recruiting of Eaarnel Simpson parallels the recruiting of Walker. However, unlike Eaarnel Simpson, Herschel Walker didn't fracture his ankle in his freshman season. After his junior year, Walker left college and signed with Donald Trump's New Jersey Generals of the fledgling United States Football League. After the USFL folded three seasons later, Walker played for the National Football League's Dallas Cowboys, Minnesota Vikings, New York Giants, and Philadelphia Eagles.
At 6'-1" and 225 pounds, Walker had the rare combination of size and great speed. However, his twelve-year professional career was seen by some as somewhat of a disappointment, and due to the cumulative effects of nagging injuries, he was relegated to part-time status in his final few seasons, usually as a third or fourth receiver. He finished his NFL career with 8,225 yards rushing and 512 receptions for 4,859 yards. Scoring-wise, he has 61 rushing touchdowns and 21 receiving touchdowns.
The colleges.
Although the rival schools, West Alabama and East Alabama are completely fictitious, it is possible that they are references to the University of Alabama, which is located in the western part of the state in Tuscaloosa and Auburn University, which is located in the eastern part of the state in Auburn. The two teams meet annually in the Iron Bowl. Coincidentally, Auburn University was originally called East Alabama Male College upon its founding in 1856. After several name changes, it officially adopted the Auburn name in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="2904054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904054" title="Narbonne plage">
Narbonne plage

Narbonne Plage is a resort on the southern (Mediterranean) coast of France in the Aude department. It is separated from the city of Narbonne by the limestone massif "Montagne de la Clape" and lies at its foot.
The town is heavily dependent upon the tourist trade.

</doc>
<doc id="2904058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904058" title="Thomas Bock">
Thomas Bock

Thomas Bock (1790 – 19 March 1855), was an Australian artist.
Bock was born in Sutton Coldfield, Warwickshire, England. Bock was an engraver in Birmingham; in 1817 he was awarded the silver medal by the Society of Arts and Commerce for an engraving of a portrait.
In April 1823 Bock was found guilty at the Warwick Assizes of administering drugs to a young woman and was transported to Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) as a convict. Bock was set to work preparing plates for banknotes, and then to official assignments making portraits of recently executed criminals and of Tasmanian Aborigines.
Bock was one of the exhibitors at the first major art exhibition, in Hobart. His official work produced private commissions, and by the time of his death in Hobart, Tasmania, he was a successful portraitist specialising in miniatures. Bock was one of the most highly skilled of the early convict artists. Much of his apparently voluminous output remains lost, or at least unidentified, but he can be credited with two Australian 'firsts': he left behind a small body of nude studies, rare in early colonial art; and he was one of the first in the colonies to experiment with photography.

</doc>
<doc id="2904060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904060" title="Muriel Lester Cooperative House">
Muriel Lester Cooperative House

Muriel Lester House is a cooperative house that is part of the Inter-Cooperative Council at the University of Michigan. Lester House is located at 900 Oakland Avenue in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and is named for the British peace activist Muriel Lester.
Seven nights of the week, vegetarian meals (with a vegan option) are prepared by, and served to, Lester's 15 residents and any additional community members (or "outside boarders") who sign up for a meal plan. It is a three-story house at the corner of Oakland and Arbor in the student neighborhood. The basement is used for food storage and houses two computers for use by house members. The top two floors are bedrooms.
The house is owned by the members of the Inter-Cooperative Council. House operations are handled internally through a modified consensus process known as kwunsensus after Michael Kwun, former ICC president.
See also.
Inter-Cooperative Council<br>
Muriel Lester

</doc>
<doc id="2904061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904061" title="Dogwitch">
Dogwitch

Dogwitch is a comic book series by British artist and writer Daniel Schaffer following the shocking exploits of exiled witch-superstar and home movie maker, "Shrieking" Violet Grimm. 
Plot.
From the official website:
"Banished deep into the evil Banewoods for daring to practice her own unique brand of Molotov Magick, outcast Dogwitch Violet Grimm continues to stretch the boundaries of accepted 21st Century witchcraft. As tales of bad sex and dangerous voodoo spread her infamy through the Banewoods, Violet captures the attention of a multitude of weirdos and resigns herself to what she believes is her predestined B-movie lifestyle. Churning out provocative home videos for a berserk and hungry fan base in her pursuit of arcane knowledge, she feeds her diary with the dating rituals of the sick and heinous. Violet is the Garbo of witches, a reclusive legend in a depraved, gory, funny and fiendishly sexy world."
Publication.
Dogwitch debuted in 2002, published by Sirius Entertainment. Schaffer produced Dogwitch for three years, releasing eighteen bi-monthly issues.
As well as the regular comic book, Schaffer also released one-shots and portfolios such as Dogwitch: Special Features which collected Dogwitch-related original pin-up art, sketches and 'deleted scenes'.
Schaffer ended the series in 2005 to work on other projects.
Collected editions.
The entire series is collected in three trade paperbacks:
The afterword for the second Dogwitch trade paperback was written by musician Katiejane Garside whom Schaffer also collaborated with on the project "Indigo Vertigo".
Merchandise.
Dogwitch merchandise exists in myriad forms, including posters, tee-shirts and even Dogwitch-themed shot glasses.

</doc>
<doc id="2904064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904064" title="Eddie Lowery">
Eddie Lowery

Edward Edgar Lowery (October 14, 1902 – May 4, 1984) was an American caddy, amateur golfer and businessman. 
Lowery is best known as the 10-year-old caddy of Francis Ouimet during the 1913 U.S. Open, held at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts, which Ouimet won in a playoff over Harry Vardon and Ted Ray. An iconic photograph of Lowery and Ouimet striding down the fairway together is one of the most memorable in American golf history. It was used as the logo for the United States Golf Association's centennial celebrations, appears on the cover of Mark Frost's account of the 1913 Open "The Greatest Game Ever Played: Harry Vardon, Francis Ouimet, and the Birth of Modern Golf" and inspired a memorial statue in Brookline. Lowery was prominently featured in the 2005 film "The Greatest Game Ever Played", portrayed by actor Josh Flitter.
Lowery and Ouimet remained lifelong friends, and when Ouimet died in 1967, Lowery was one of the pallbearers.
Biography.
Lowery was the fifth child born in Newton, Massachusetts, to John and Maria Lowery (née Curran), who were Irish immigrants. He moved to San Francisco, California, and championed the rising amateur careers of Ken Venturi (1964 U.S. Open Champion), Harvie Ward (1955 & 1956 U.S. Amateur Champion), and Tony Lema (1964 British Open Champion), among others. Lowery played at Lincoln Park in San Francisco. He died in 1984 in Riverside County, California.
He became a multi-millionaire as an auto dealer in San Francisco. Lowery and Bob Hope were friends and they both played in the 1951 British Amateur. He enjoyed sponsoring young amateur golfers, such as two of his employees: Venturi and Ward. In 1956 he arranged a match between these two amateurs and two golf pros, Ben Hogan and Byron Nelson, a friendly four-ball match at Cypress Point Club. The amateurs played a strong game but the pros took the match, 1-up. Venturi told a newspaper years later, "It was the best golf I've ever seen." This match was chronicled in depth in Mark Frost's 2007 book "The Match".
Lowery also served on the Executive Committee of the United States Golf Association. His sponsorship of Harvie Ward led to problems, because Lowery had claimed certain disallowable business expenses for tax write-offs. And Ward, who had trusted Lowery's USGA expertise, had his amateur status revoked in 1957, at a time when he had won the previous two consecutive U.S. Amateur titles.

</doc>
<doc id="2904067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904067" title="Centre-Nord Region">
Centre-Nord Region

Centre-Nord is one of thirteen administrative regions of Burkina Faso, a landlocked country in Africa. The population of Centre-Nord in 2006 was 1,203,073. The region's capital is Kaya. Three provinces - Bam, Namentenga, and Sanmatenga, make up the region.

</doc>
<doc id="2904069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904069" title="Jaspreet Singh">
Jaspreet Singh

Jaspreet Singh (born 1969) is a Canadian writer.
He grew up in India and moved to Canada in 1990. Singh is the author of the novel "Chef" (2008 Vehicule Press/2010 Bloomsbury), and "Seventeen Tomatoes: Tales from Kashmir", a collection of linked stories. Both books deal with the damaged landscapes of Kashmir, especially Siachen Glacier. He is a former research scientist with a PhD in chemical engineering from McGill University. His play, "Speak, Oppenheimer", written for Montreal's Infinite Theatre, involves three physicists, including J. Robert Oppenheimer. He recently contributed an essay to the anthology "AIDS Sutra: Untold Stories from India".
From August 2006 until June 2007, Singh was a resident in the Markin-Flanagan Distinguished Writers Program at the University of Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="2904073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904073" title="Lewis Evans">
Lewis Evans

Lewis Evans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2904079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904079" title="Jaguares (band)">
Jaguares (band)

Jaguares is a Mexican alternative rock band formed by former Caifanes lead singer Saúl Hernández, ex-Caifan Alfonso André (drums), and two long-time friends Federico Fong (bass guitar) and José Manuel Aguilera (lead guitar).
History.
Jaguares got their name from one of vocalist Saúl Hernández's dreams, in which he was singing in a jaguar's mouth.
Soon after the release of their hit first album, "El Equilibrio de los Jaguares", Aguilera dropped out of the band and Fong took a break from the band, as well. Aguilera was replaced by César López Garcia, most famously known as "El Vampiro", who had previously been invited to play with Caifanes. Garcia was also the previous two-time member of Azul Violeta and Maná from 1991-1994. Sabo Romo, the ex-bassist of Caifanes, was invited to join Jaguares and he accepted. Jarris Margalli also joined on keyboards and samplers. After the release of their second album, Romo took a break from the band and Margalli was released from the band, leaving three as the faces of Jaguares. In 2007, ex-Caifan Diego Herrera was featured alongside the band for the promotion of the album "".
In 2007, "" was released. It is a compilation album of various artists covering songs of John Lennon to benefit Amnesty International's campaign to alleviate the crisis in Darfur. In it Jaguares cover the protest song "Gimme Some Truth" from Lennon's 1971 album "Imagine". In 2008 the group released the album titled "45", 45 represents the 45 million Mexicans living in poverty.

</doc>
<doc id="2904086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904086" title="VAQ-136">
VAQ-136

Electronic Attack Squadron 136 (VAQ-136) also known as "The Gauntlets" is a United States Navy electronic attack squadron that was forward-deployed to Naval Air Station Atsugi, Japan. 
The "Gauntlets" fly the EA-18G Growler and are currently attached to Carrier Air Wing Nine, a composite unit made up of a wide array of aircraft performing a variety of combat and support missions. The squadron is currently stationed at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island.
History.
1970s.
Since establishment in 1973, VAQ-136 has been associated with several Carrier Air Wings. The "Gauntlets’" first two deployments were with CVW-11 aboard USS Kitty Hawk (CV-63). In 1977 the "Gauntlets" joined CVW-7 aboard the USS "Independence" for a cruise to the Mediterranean, after which the squadron changed to the " Improved Capability" (ICAP) version of the EA-6B. After the transition to their new aircraft, the "Gauntlets" sailed to the Mediterranean again, this time with CVW-5 on USS "Saratoga". 
1980s.
In 1980 the "Gauntlets" flew across the Pacific Ocean to their new home in NAF Atsugi, Japan with Carrier Air Wing Five and USS "Midway", based in Yokosuka. The 1980s were highlighted by numerous Gauntlet achievements, such as an 8300 mile cross-deck deployment to USS "America" in support of Indian Ocean operations in 1983, and a record-setting 111 day Indian Ocean at sea period (101 days out of sight of land) in 1984. In 1986, the squadron transitioned to ICAP II aircraft and deployed to support the Summer Olympics in Seoul, Korea. The "Gauntlets" were awarded the COMNAVAIRPAC Battle Efficiency "E", and the Safety “S” in 1989.
1990s.
On April 16, 1990, as part of the Cope Thunder exercise, the "Gauntlets" successfully fired a live High Speed Anti-Radiation Missile (HARM) at a U.S. Air Force target radar off the coast of the Philippines. It was the first HARM fired in WESTPAC and the missile completely destroyed its target. 
On January 16, 1991 the "Gauntlets" flew strikes against Iraq in support of Operation Desert Storm. During the 43-day war, the "Gauntlets" fired 28 HARMs against Iraqi air defenses, ensuring that CVW-5 did not lose any aircraft to enemy fire. 
On August 22, 1991, the "Gauntlets" cross-decked from the USS Midway (CV-41) with CVW-5 to the in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. In the early 1992, the "Gauntlets" deployed with "Independence" in support of Operation Southern Watch. The "Gauntlets" received the Pacific Fleet Battle Efficiency "E" award for 1992. 
In addition, the "Gauntlets" received the Radford Award for being the best EA-6B squadron in the Navy, the Association of Old Crows Outstanding Unit Award, and a Meritorious Unit Commendation. In 1993 the "Gauntlets" sailed to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Southern Watch. That summer saw the "Gauntlets" supporting U.S. policy during intense North Korean Contingency Operations. VAQ-136 was named the “Prowler Squadron of the Year for Tactical Excellence” for 1994. 
The "Gauntlets" began 1995 with operations in the Yellow Sea before proceeding south to participate in Exercise Cobra Gold off the coast of Thailand. They then moved to the Middle East yet again participating in Operation Southern Watch. The "Gauntlets" were awarded the COMNAVAIRPAC Battle Efficiency "E", and Safety “S” for 1995. 
In 1996 VAQ-136 operated in the Yellow Sea, near the Philippines, and around Taiwan to deter Chinese aggression. Early in 1997 "Independence", with the "Gauntlets" aboard, commenced a four month cruise, transiting to Guam, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, and then Hong Kong, the last U.S. carrier to port there before its reversion to Chinese control. 
In January 1998 the "Gauntlets" once more sailed on an emergency, no-notice deployment to the Persian Gulf. Just fifteen days after receiving the order, the "Gauntlets" went from holiday routine to fully carrier qualified and underway in support of Operation Southern Watch. The "Gauntlets" returned home for a brief respite before getting underway again in July, this time to Hawaii to cross-deck onto their new home, USS "Kitty Hawk". The "Gauntlets" received the Safety “S” for the first half of calendar year 98. 
In January 1999, VAQ-136 was awarded the 1998 COMNAVAIRPAC Battle Efficiency "E". This significant award is given to the most combat-ready squadron in the Electronic Attack Community. On March 2, 1999, VAQ-136 and the "Kitty Hawk" Battle group departed Yokosuka, Japan for three months of routine operations and exercises in the Western Pacific. The "Gauntlets" participated in the multi-national and multi-service exercise Tandem Thrust off the island of Guam before "Kitty Hawk" was ordered to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Southern Watch. Over the following eleven weeks, the "Gauntlets" flew 115 combat sorties over the skies of Iraq. When "Kitty Hawk" pulled into Dubai, UAE, for several days of liberty, the "Gauntlets" were tasked to provide uninterrupted Electronic Warfare support for coalition aircraft flying from Prince Sultan Air Base (PSAB), Saudi Arabia.
2000s.
In 2010, VAQ-136 was awarded the "Battle E" for combat efficiency and the "Golden Wrench" Award for maintenance excellence by Commander, Naval Air Forces.
In February 2012, the Navy announced that the Gauntlets would transfer to Naval Air Station Whidbey Island in the Spring of 2012 to prepare for the change to 
the EA-18G Growler.
As of February 2013 they fly the EA-18G Growler at NAS Whidbey Island with a tail code of "NL".

</doc>
<doc id="2904091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904091" title="Shang-a-Lang (TV series)">
Shang-a-Lang (TV series)

Shang-a-Lang was a children's pop music TV series starring the Scottish band, the Bay City Rollers. It was produced in Manchester by Granada Television for the ITV network and ran for one 20-week series in 1975. 
It featured the band in a number of comedy sketches and performing their songs to a live studio audience made up of their teenage fans. This resulted in chaotic scenes at times as some members of the audience attempted to run onto the studio floor to meet their heroes, resulting in security officers having to forcibly restain or even eject them from the studio.
The show's theme song "Shang-a-Lang", was a hit single for the group, peaking at number 2 in 1974 in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2904092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904092" title="Centre-Ouest Region">
Centre-Ouest Region

Centre-Ouest is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. The population of Centre-Ouest was 1,183,473 in 2006. The region's capital is Koudougou. Four provinces - Boulkiemdé, Sanguié, Sissili, and Ziro, make up the region.

</doc>
<doc id="2904105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904105" title="Toasted Heretic">
Toasted Heretic

Toasted Heretic was an Irish rock group who attracted a cult following in the late 1980s and 1990s, originating in Galway. 

</doc>
<doc id="2904106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904106" title="China Medical University">
China Medical University

There are two institutions called China Medical University.

</doc>
<doc id="2904119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904119" title="Centre-Sud Region">
Centre-Sud Region

Centre-Sud is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. The population of Centre-Sud was 638,379 in 2006. The region's capital is Manga. Three provinces - Bazèga, Nahouri, and Zoundwéogo, make up the region.

</doc>
<doc id="2904120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904120" title="El Equilibrio de los Jaguares">
El Equilibrio de los Jaguares

El Equilibrio de los Jaguares is an album recorded by Mexican rock band Jaguares. The debut LP was released on September 17, 1996 under the label Bertelsmann de Mexico (BMG). 
Lead singer and songwriter Saúl Hernández and drummer Alfonso André credited as the only members of the band. Guest musicians include José Manuel Aguilera, Federico Fong, Cecilia Toussaint, Benmont Tench, Billy Preston, and Flaco Jiménez.

</doc>
<doc id="2904122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904122" title="China Medical University (Taiwan)">
China Medical University (Taiwan)

China Medical University (CMU; ) is a private university in Taichung, Taiwan. The university enrolls approximately 8,000 students.
Although its English name is the same as a university in Shenyang, Mainland China, the Chinese name of the mainland university is different: 中國醫科大學.
History.
Brief Introduction.
CMU was established as China Medical College () on June 6, 1958 and transformed itself into China Medical University in 2003. It is the first academic institution in Taiwan where Chinese medicine and pharmacy programs are provided. The university has two major campuses, Taichung and Beigang.
CMU includes seven colleges where various degree programs in western medicine, Chinese medicine, pharmacy (including Chinese herbs), health care (including nursing), life sciences, public health, and management are provided. 

</doc>
<doc id="2904140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904140" title="Suzuka (manga)">
Suzuka (manga)

"Suzuka" was serialized in the Japanese magazine "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" published by Kodansha. It was adapted into a twenty-six episode anime series and aired on TV Tokyo in Japan between 6 July 2005 and 28 December 2005. Both versions of the series have been licensed for release in North America. The manga has been licensed for publication by Del Rey Manga under their mature line; it's published the first 15 volumes, before it's become folded and transferred its publication rights to Kodansha USA. The anime series has been licensed and released by FUNimation Entertainment. Two light novels written by Ayuna Fujisaki based on the series have also been released. A related series, "Kimi no Iru Machi" "(A Town Where You Live)", ran in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 2008 until 2014, and a sequel, "Fuuka", has been running in Weekly Shōnen Magazine since 2014.
Plot.
"Suzuka" is a sports-themed romance comedy that intertwines the pursuit of love and athletics. The story is based around Yamato Akitsuki, a young man from rural Hiroshima Prefecture moving to the big city of Tokyo, and his new next-door neighbor, Suzuka Asahina, a skilled high jumper. Yamato falls in love with Suzuka and pursuing a relationship with her he joins the track and field team hoping to impress her. After joining, Yamoto discovers that he has the potential to become a top hundred-meter sprinter.
Suzuka's character-driven plot predominantly makes use of dramatic structure to facilitate character development. Characterization is further achieved through the use of character back-story. The story in general employs a realistic tone, but occasionally uses surreal humour. Some events covered in the story are: track competitions, vacations, culture festivals, and outings to a Karaoke Box and a theme park. The manga and anime follow the same storyline, though there are minor differences. One of these changes is that the nude scenes are less graphic in the anime than the manga. Another disparity is the hair color of some of the characters such as the character Miki, who is depicted as having bright red hair on the covers of the manga, but is portrayed with red-brown hair in the anime.
Characters.
Yamato Akitsuki, the main protagonist of the series, has moved from his home in the Hiroshima Prefecture to stay at his aunt's dormitory in Tokyo. Yamato falls in love with his new next-door neighbor, Suzuka Asahina, a girl from Yokohama who was scouted by a local high school because of her high jump athletic ability. While the main female lead remains Suzuka throughout the series, Yamoto later meets several other girls: Honoka Sakurai, a girl whose family caretakes a local Shinto shrine, Miki Hashiba, a sprinter and friend of Suzuka, and others. Yamato also develops a friendship with Yasunobu Hattori, a perverted young man who dreams about polygamy and often gives relationship advice to Yamato.
Media.
Manga.
The "Suzuka" manga first appeared as an initial one shot in the Japanese manga magazine "Weekly Shōnen Magazine", published by Kodansha, during December 2003.It was first serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" on 3 March 2004 and was completed on 21 September 2007, with one hundred sixty-six chapters in total. The chapters were compiled in eighteen bound volumes by Kodansha, with each volume being released roughly quarterly. These volumes often include character profiles or extra stories. "Suzuka" has been licensed for North American publication by Del Rey, becoming the publisher's first sports manga and second title to be added under its mature line, the first being the manga "Basilisk". Fifteen volumes have been released in English with the first volume released on 29 August 2006 and the last, a 592 page collection containing volumes 13, 14 and 15, released in North America on August 31, 2010.
Anime.
In April 2005, "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" announced through their website that "Suzuka" was being adapted into an anime. The animated TV series was directed by Hiroshi Fukutomi and was co-produced by Studio Comet and Marvelous Entertainment. The twenty-six half-hour episode series originally aired weekly on TV Tokyo in Japan on Wednesdays running from 6 July 2005 to 28 December 2005. The anime follows relatively close to the first seventy-two chapters of the manga, but changes were made to accommodate younger audiences: The hole in the wall between the rooms of Suzuka and Yamato does not exist,Yamato also sees Suzuka for the first time outside, instead of inside the school gym, and many scenes were removed or subdued such as those in the bath house. In addition, a fight song for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp baseball team "Soreyuke Carp" (それ行けカープ, "lit. Go Go Carp") is included in the anime and soundtrack, but cuts off before the 4th stanza because of a reference to Japanese sake. The anime concludes with Yamato and Suzuka going out.
The anime was dubbed in Tagalog and broadcast by the Philippine station Hero starting on 3 December 2006. The anime series has been licensed for North America by FUNimation, and released with the tagline "Love is not a Spectator Sport". Their first DVD was released on 12 June 2007.
Music.
The anime's music, including the background music and theme songs, was composed by Takumi Masanori and POM. The vocals for the opening and ending songs were provided by COACH☆. Except for one member of the group COACH☆, all worked as a voice actor for one of the series' characters. For the North American release, FUNimation had the opening and ending songs re-written and performed in English by Kristine Sa. In 2005, three Suzuka soundtrack albums were released in Japan through King Records.
Light novel.
On 17 May 2007, a "Suzuka" light novel was published by Kodansha under its "KC Novel" label. It contained three short stories written by Ayuna Fujisaki with illustrations done by the series creator, Kouji Seo.
Sequel.
In February of 2014, a manga sequel was released under the name "Fuuka". It follows the story of Yamato and Suzuka's daughter, Fuuka, who is now in high school and pursuing her dream to start a music band, in contrast to everyone's suggestions that she follow in the footsteps of her parents in track and field. Fuuka meets Yuu Haruna, a new classmate at her school, whom she perceives as a pervert due to an embarrassing encounter during their first meeting. However, as they get to know each other, they become friends. Yuu later admits to himself that he had fallen in love with Fuuka at first sight, but Fuuka is so determined to achieve her dream that she may or may not fully realize her own feelings towards him.
Reception.
"Suzuka" has been compared to other manga such as "Love Hina", "Maison Ikkoku", and "Kimagure Orange Road" since, early on, it used similar plot structure and plot devices. These comparisons became less frequent as the story developed. According to Kouji Seo, "Suzuka" was to be a romance story from the beginning, and he had no intention of creating a harem manga. Since the North American version is uncensored, this caused the manga to be rated "Mature" and sold in shrink wrap. Despite the amount of fan service, the manga does not focus on that element. Kouji Seo pays attention to detail which can be seen in the clothing that gives off the sensation they are made out of different material along with the reflections in the windows during the nighttime. This detail can also be seen in his characters as they all have complex personalities that make them interesting and have substance. Overall the reception of the manga has been positive.
The anime has been described as having "all the trappings of a standard high school romantic comedy", but lacks the spirit and craftsmanship of the manga. Since the anime is a close adaptation from the manga, the criticisms of the plot are the same of it being described as generic. The anime sells "...themselves solely on the merits of character development". One effect of this character development is that some viewers will find the title character and the male lead unlikable, with complaints of lack of sympathy for both characters. The animation is considered to be ordinary with some scenes that have timing problems, look awkward, or have objects that seem oversized. The voice actors performances are considered to be mundane and sound rather flat, in both Japanese and English languages. Viewers with sensitive hearing might also pick up on the switches between mono and stereo audio in the different episodes. The sports scenes are poorly animated, and the best animated scenes include night-time scenes. Overall the reception of the anime so far has been mixed.
The response to the soundtrack for the anime is somewhat mixed. Most find the music respectable, but some may detest it when it tries to be funny. The opening and ending songs that were re-written and performed in English made the songs fairly close approximations of the originals and worked out better than one might imagine, but others still prefer the Japanese versions.

</doc>
<doc id="2904148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904148" title="Open Power Template">
Open Power Template

Open Power Template is a web template engine written in PHP 5. A common strategy in designing web application is separation of the application logic (i.e. data processing) from the presentation (displaying the data). OPT is a tool for implementing such separation. The presentation layer is represented by templates, text files with HTML code and extra instructions controlling the data substitution.
OPT uses a dedicated XML template language for writing templates. It is not a general-purpose, but a domain-specific language. It was primarily designed to support and simplify template-specific problems with a set of declarative instructions. Instead of implementing the rendering algorithms and statements, like in imperative programming, the template designer specifies the expected result and features. This aims to ease the costs and efforts associated with the software development and further maintenance.
The library provides an object-oriented API based on the solutions from popular frameworks. As it is the first member of a bigger project, "Open Power Libs", it is built upon a small OPL core library which provides the basic features.
History.
The project started in November 2004, as a template engine for a discussion board project inspired by Smarty. While it later failed, the library became independent. In July 2006, the version 1.0.0 was released. It offered a template language with Smarty-like syntax and a small set of declarative instructions.
In January 2007, the developers release the version 1.1.0 which brings some notable improvements, such as pagination support and tree rendering.
In January 2008, the developers form an open-source programming team, "Invenzzia" to develop OPT and other PHP projects. At the same time, the development of Open Power Template 2.0 began.
The last version of the 1.1 branch was released in May 2008 and the group focused on the OPT 2.0 development. The new library went into the beta-stage in December and the first stable version was released in July 2009.
Features.
The OPT 2.0 template language is an XML application and allows to manipulate the XHTML document structure. The other features are:
The built-in XML parser can be reconfigured to parse certain HTML documents or plain text content.
Sample application.
Since the templates are separated from the application logic, you need at least two files. The first one contains the presentation code as an XML template:
The second one generates the data and configures the library:

</doc>
<doc id="2904150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904150" title="Sōda! We're Alive">
Sōda! We're Alive

Track listing.
All lyrics are composed by Tsunku.

</doc>
<doc id="2904151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904151" title="Someday (The Strokes song)">
Someday (The Strokes song)

"Someday" is a song by the indie rock band The Strokes, and the third single from "Is This It". It peaked at #17 on the U.S. Alternative Songs chart and at #27 on the U.K. Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video for the song was directed by Roman Coppola and features appearances by Slash, Duff McKagan, and Matt Sorum - the guitarist, bassist, and drummer from Guns N' Roses and Velvet Revolver - as well as the members of Guided by Voices. The video also features Richard Karn as himself, while The Strokes take on Guided by Voices in a fictional game of "Family Feud".
Appearances in other media.
This song was featured in the 2006 movie "Click", starring Adam Sandler, and on the "Major League Baseball 2K8" soundtrack.
It was sampled on Rhymefest's song "Devil's Pie" - produced by Mark Ronson - from his album "Blue Collar".
iiNet (Australian ISP) frequently uses the track to "Someday" in their advertisements.
This song was featured in the 2013 movie Delivery Man Delivery Man, Starring Vince Vaughn Appeared on the movie soundtrack Delivery Man Soundtrack

</doc>
<doc id="2904153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904153" title="Federasi Serikat Petani Indonesia">
Federasi Serikat Petani Indonesia

The FSPI or Federation of Indonesian Peasant Union or Federasi Serikat Petani Indonesia was declared on 8 July 1998 in Kampong Dolok Maraja, Lobu Ropa Village, Bandar Pulau Sub district, Asahan District, North Sumatra by a number of Indonesian struggling peasants.
The birth of FSPI is part of the long history of Indonesian peasants’ struggle to gain the freedom to speak, to assemble, and to be organized in order to struggle for their rights, which had been repressed and absorbed since the start of the new order when Suharto came to power in 1966-67. 
Federation of Indonesian Peasant Union (Federasi Serikat Petani Indonesia) is now based in Jakarta, with over 12 unions all across Indonesia.
Federasi Serikat Petani Indonesia (Federasi Serikat Petani Indonesia) is a member of La Via Campesina, The International Peasants Movement.
Address of FSPI : Jl. Mampang Prapatan XIV No. 5 Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia

</doc>
<doc id="2904164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904164" title="The End Has No End">
The End Has No End

"The End Has No End" is a song by the indie rock band The Strokes, and the third single from "Room on Fire". The B-side to the single is a cover of the Clash song "Clampdown", recorded from a live performance at London's Alexandra Palace. The Alexandra Palace performance was intended to be The Strokes' first live album, but was scrapped due to poor sound quality.
Music video.
The music video for the song contains several allusions to Stanley Kubrick's "" and features actresses Mila Kunis and Eva Mendes as well as The Strokes' manager Ryan Gentles in the lead role. It was directed by Sophie Muller. The Strokes can be seen in the video during the prom scene. The band performance in the mirrored room is a nod to "(No Pussyfooting)" (1973) by Fripp & Eno and A Flock of Seagulls' "I Ran" music video. The final scene from the video is a clip from the band's first single "" off the same album "Room on Fire", and is a reference to the 1982 film "Tron".

</doc>
<doc id="2904171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904171" title="Scottish Environment Protection Agency">
Scottish Environment Protection Agency

The Scottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA) (Scottish Gaelic "Buidheann Dìon Àrainneachd na h-Alba") is Scotland’s environmental regulator and flood warning authority. Its main role is to protect and improve Scotland's environment. SEPA does this by helping business and industry to understand their environmental responsibilities, enabling customers to comply with legislation and good practice and to realise the many economic benefits of good environmental practice. One of the ways SEPA does this is through the NetRegs environmental guidance service. It protects communities by regulating activities that can cause harmful pollution and by monitoring the quality of Scotland's air, land and water. The regulations it implements also cover the storage, transport and disposal of radioactive materials.
SEPA is an executive non-departmental public body (Executive NDPB, often known as a Quango) of the Scottish Government. SEPA was established in 1996 by the Environment Act 1995 and is responsible for the protection of the natural environment in Scotland. SEPA is a member of SEARS (Scotland's Environmental and Rural Services).
Corporate information.
Mission.
SEPA’s mission statement is to be an environmental regulator and an effective and influential authority on the environment.
Aims.
SEPA provides a system of environmental protection for Scotland that aims to improve the environment and help deliver the Scottish Government’s overall environmental objectives.
So that it can effectively achieve its mission and aims, SEPA has created a Corporate Plan which lists its priorities and goals.
Structure.
SEPA employs around 1,300 staff who are involved in protecting Scotland's environment and human health. SEPA’s staff are employed in a wide range of specialist areas which include: chemistry, ecology, environmental regulation, hydrology, engineering, quality control, planning, communications, business support and management functions.
The agency operates through three directorates:
Operations.
The previously named Environmental Protection and Improvement (EPI) Directorate is now known as Operations after an internal reorganisation in April 2010. The directorate includes environmental policy, radioactive substances policy and regulation, SEPA’s advisory work, river basin management planning, national planning, strategic environmental assessment and Organisational Development (encompassing Human Resources, Health and Safety and Learning and Development).
Science and strategy.
The Environmental and Organisational Strategy Directorate and Environmental Science Directorate were merged in a reorganisation that took place in April 2010. The directorate is now known as Science and Strategy Directorate and includes Chemistry, Ecology, Marine, Hydrology, Environmental Quality, Radioactive Substances, Science, Organisational Planning and Improvement, Environmental Strategy. Communications is also part of this directorate, because of its strategic role within the organisation.
Finance and Corporate Services.
As the name suggests, this directorate undertakes the financial planning and reporting for the organisation as well as its procurement, facilities management, information systems and management and resillience activities.
Governance.
The Agency Board legally constitutes SEPA and board members are appointed by Scottish Ministers. SEPA’s Chairman and a Deputy Chairman are appointed by Scottish Ministers and the Agency Board appoints a Chief Executive.
SEPA used to have Regional Boards (North, South-west and South-east) that undertook local engagement with customers, partners and stakeholders. However, Regional Boards had been phased out by January 2010 and SEPA has since adopted a new approach to engage with its stakeholders at a local level.
Activities and outcomes.
Flood Warning.
SEPA operates Scotland's flood warning service. This is a 24 hour, 7 day a week, information service which includes direct warnings by phone and online flood warnings and flooding updates through its dedicated telephone number 0845 988 1188.
As the name suggests, the Floodline service is designed to give the public early warning of likely flooding in specific areas. The service also gives advice on what to do before, during and after a flood. 
The Environment Agency operates the Floodline service for England and Wales.
In March 2011 SEPA enhanced its provision with a direct warnings extension to its Floodline service. This sends flood warning information for a chosen geographical area direct to customers who have registered a mobile or landline telephone number.
Also that month the Scottish Flood Forecasting Service (SFFS) was formed, a partnership between SEPA and the Met Office with £750,000 of funding from the Scottish Government. Its role is to provide advanced warning of flooding to Category 1 and 2 responders.
Air Quality.
In order to protect Scotland's air quality, SEPA regulates and monitors industrial activities and processes in Scotland that may lead to local airborne pollution. In order to do this effectively, SEPA work closely with local authorities and other partners to manage and improve air quality locally."
There are many things which can negatively affect good air quality such as, vehicle and transport emissions, energy production, some industrial processes, waste and agriculture. The emissions that are produced by these activities can significantly damage air quality which can lead to health problems, depletion of the ozone layer and changes to other natural habitats.
The overall picture in Scotland is one of good air quality which has been getting better over the last 30 years or so, particularly in urban areas. But the picture is not perfect. There are some localised problems in Scottish towns, mainly caused by traffic emissions. ... Scotland’s carbon dioxide emissions are contributing to global climate changes which are likely to have significant long term environmental impacts.
Alasdair D. Paton, SEPA Chief Executive, 1999.
SEPA and the Scottish Government work in partnership with the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) to ensure the objectives that are listed in the Air Quality Strategy for England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are achieved.
Live information on the quality of Scotland's air can be found on the Air Quality in Scotland Database (SAQD). The SAQ database and website were commissioned by the Scottish Government. Launched in April 2007, SAQD was set up to provide a single source of air quality information for Scotland that would improve research quality to support and evaluate Scotland’s air quality policies whilst also providing the public with more easily understood and accessible local air quality information.
Climate Change.
SEPA's position on climate change recognises that it is the greatest threat to our physical and socio-economic future. The organisation has produced a climate change plan which contains details about how SEPA will reduce its own carbon emissions. This five year climate change plan introduces SEPA's specific role in climate change mitigation and what they will do over the next five years to further integrate climate change across the organisation.
SEPA’s Climate Change Plan was subject to a Strategic Environmental Assessment (SEA) as part of its preparation. This was required under the Environmental Assessment (Scotland) Act 2005. The SEA helped SEPA to understand the environmental effects of the plan and allowed for improvements to be made throughout the preparation process. The environmental report explains, in detail, the findings of the SEA. As the plan has now been formally adopted, SEPA is required to explain how it has taken account of the SEA process in a "SEA Statement".
SEPA, Scottish Natural Heritage (SNH), Forestry Commission Scotland (FCS) and Historic Scotland are all government funded organisations with responsibilities for different aspects of Scotland’s environment and heritage. A joint statement on climate change has been created by all partners.
"The Scientific evidence is now overwhelming: climate change presents very serious global risks and it demands an urgent global response".
In Scotland, the effects of climate change can be seen in raised temperature changes, increased rainfall and less snow cover (than the last Ice Age). These changes have a significant impact on the growing, breeding and migration seasons, as well as species abundance and diversity.
Land Quality.
SEPA aims to protect and enhance the quality of Scotland’s land through provision of guidance on good land use practice and a variety of regulatory measures.
Planning.
SEPA is identified as a key agency under the Planning etc. (Scotland) Act 2006 and help deliver the Scottish Government's commitment in providing a more effective and efficient planning system. SEPA also provide formal environmental advice in relation to development plans and on various development proposals across Scotland.
SEPA attempts to enable good development whilst also and protecting Scotland's environment through the planning system and takes a consultative approach where they can add most value. The agency tends to favour early engagement with planning authorities to ensure they can support development plan proposals and aid the implementation of a genuinely plan-led land use planning system.
There exists a guidance note "How and when to consult SEPA" that provides further information on planning consultation with SEPA.
Radioactive substances.
Radioactive substances are used widely in industry, medicine and research in Scotland. Uses can range greatly from the diagnosis and treatment of diseases to its use in energy generation and nuclear weapons. However, if radioactive substances are not stored or used properly, they can potentially cause significant human health problems and damage to the environment. 
As SEPA has a responsibility for protecting Scotland's environment and human health, it also has responsibility for regulating the storage, and use of, radioactive substances and the accumulation and disposal of radioactive wastes in Scotland, including functions under the Radioactive Substances Act 1993. The State of Scotland's Environment 2006 Report showed a downward trend in levels of man-made radioactivity in the environment over the last decade.
Waste.
One of the best ways to minimise the negative effects of waste are through waste minimisation and prevention. However, waste can also be put to good use through reuse, recycling, composting and thermal treatment.
Another one of SEPA's statutory duties is to protect the environment and human health in Scotland from the effects of waste management and disposal. SEPA reports on waste data and is also involved in enforcing European compliance schemes. They also support the Scottish Government and other organisations in delivering Scotland's National Waste Plan.
Water Quality.
Scotland’s water environments provide rich sources of drinking water, provide natural habitats, are a focus for leisure and recreation activities and are vital resources for many of Scotland's industries. SEPA helps protect and improve Scotland’s water environment through regulation, monitoring and planning.
As mentioned above, SEPA is the flood warning authority for Scotland and they work with other organisations to manage flood risk. SEPA's hydrologists monitor these water levels so that they can warn the public and businesses of the likelihood of a flood.
SEPA provides annual reports on the quality of Scotland’s bathing waters. Complying with the European Community (EC) Bathing Water Directive, they also work closely with other organisations to reduce the risk of urban and rural pollution in Scotland's coastal and inland bathing waters.
SEPA regulates other water activities such as discharges to groundwater, discharges to surface water, abstractions, removal of sediments and replacement of weirs.
Science and research.
SEPA has a duty to monitor and report on the state of Scotland's environment. SEPA then uses that scientific understanding to better regulate the activities that may negatively affect environmental quality. SEPA publish a wide range of environmental information and advise Ministers, partner bodies, regulated industry and the public on environmental issues.
Sampling.
SEPA employ experts in many fields of science, including hydrology, chemistry, ecology, algology, ecotoxicology, hydromorphology, hydrogeology, and oceanography. These scientists analyse samples collected from across Scotland's air, land and water environments for changes and degradation of the environment or threat to human health. SEPA tests individual chemical parameters and the levels of plants and animals in marine, freshwater and terrestrial habitats. They also conduct analyses of solid waste arisings and audit check analyses of gaseous emissions to the atmosphere.
Monitoring.
In 2009, SEPA was maintaining and operating a significant network of gauging stations and rain gauges to provide national flood warning and forecasting services for Scotland. SEPA holds over 30 years of hydrometric data for Scotland's rivers. These data are invaluable in characterising the long-term pressures on Scotland's environment, particularly in relation to the assessment and management of the consequences of climate change.
SEPA's testing, analysis and interpretation of samples covers a wide range of environments throughout Scotland, including contaminated land, fresh and saline waters, soils and sediments, sewage and industrial effluents, leachates, fauna and biota, and landfill gases.
SEPA operates a formal quality assurance system for its monitoring and assessment functions. Their quality assurance system is compliant with international standards ISO/IEC 17025, , and ISO 14001, and is monitored and externally audited by the United Kingdom Accreditation Service (UKAS) and SGS.
Research.
SEPA is an organisation which was established to protect and enhance Scotland’s environment and protect human health. To do this, it is important that SEPA has a sound science and knowledge base. This information helps them to carry out their powers and duties and to inform the development of effective policy making.
SEPA's mandate for research and development activity is required by founding legislation.
On 11 December 2008, SEPA launched their Research strategy 2008–2012 which defines their aims, needs and interests in research and development.

</doc>
<doc id="2904178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904178" title="Songs for Swinging Celibates">
Songs for Swinging Celibates

Songs for Swinging Celibates was the debut album from Irish alternative band Toasted Heretic. The name of the album refers to Frank Sinatra's Songs For Swingin' Lovers.

</doc>
<doc id="2904179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904179" title="Bärenfang">
Bärenfang

Bärenfang is a German honey-flavoured liqueur based on vodka. It is usually called Bärenjäger in English-speaking countries.
Bärenfang means “bear trap”; Bärenjäger means “bear hunter.”
Bärenfang has an alcohol content of 30%–45% ABV (60–90 proof). In Germany, Bärenfang is often made at home since the basic recipe and many variations of it are readily available. Most homemade Bärenfang is based on vodka, but some recipes with a higher alcohol content are based on neutral spirit.
Bärenfang is always made with honey from nectar because honey from honeydew may have a bitter aftertaste.
History.
Bärenfang was first developed in East Prussia in the 15th century. It was the first commercial brand of this liqueur that was produced in the capital city of Königsberg; it is now produced by the Teucke & Koenig company in the town of Steinhagen, Germany. A picture of a fur trapper trapping a bear is shown on bottles of Teucke & Koenig’s Bärenjäger.
Today, Teucke & Koenig is owned by Schwarze & Schlichte, located in the town of Oelde in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Schwarze & Schlichte also make another brand of Bärenfang that is bottled at 33% ABV (66 proof).
The Bärenfang produced by Teucke & Koenig is widely exported. It is usually sold under the brand name “Bärenjäger” outside of Germany. There are other producers of Bärenfang in Germany, but their products are less often available in other countries.
Awards.
Bärenjäger has been reviewed by the San Francisco World Spirits Competition, which gave it gold and silver medals in 2011 and 2012 respectively. Wine Enthusiast rated Bärenjäger in its "85–89" category.
Proof66's averaging of these scores produced an overall score that classified it as a "Tier 1" spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="2904182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904182" title="Hirosaki-Higashikōmae Station">
Hirosaki-Higashikōmae Station

History.
Hirosaki-Higashikōmae Station was opened on September 7, 1927, as the . It was elevated in status to a full station on March 18, 1929, and renamed on June 17 of the same year. All freight operations ceased in June 1973. From September 1985 it has been a "kan'i itaku" station. On June 1, 1988, the station name was changed to . It was renamed to its present name on April 1, 2005.
Station layout.
Hirosaki-Higashikōmae Station has a single side platform serving a single track. The station building is attended during normal working hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2904185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904185" title="Simit">
Simit

Simit (Turkish) or Gevrek (), ), is a circular bread, typically encrusted with sesame seeds or the less usual poppy or sunflower, common in Turkey, Greece, Serbia, Bulgaria, Macedonia and other parts of the Balkans, and across the Middle East from Egypt to Lebanon and beyond. Simit's size, crunch, chewiness, and other characteristics vary slightly by region. In the city of İzmir, simit is known as "gevrek," although it is very similar to the Istanbul variety. Simits in Ankara, which is the capital of Turkey, are smaller and crisper than those of other cities. Simits in Turkey are made with molasses.
Etymology and regional name variants.
Simit comes from the Arabic "samīd" (), meaning white bread or fine flour. and semolina.
Other names include the Greek σιμίτι), Aramaic qeluro/qelora, Greek koulouri (κουλούρι), đevrek (), gjevrek (), gevrek (Turkish, ), covrig () (the last four, from "gevrek" in Turkish, meaning "crisp", is the colloquial name in some parts of Turkey also used to describe all crisp bread), roskas turkas in Ladino language of Sefardi Jews). 
Origins.
"Simit" has a long history in Istanbul. Archival sources show that the "simit" has been produced in Istanbul since 1525. Based on Üsküdar court records (Şer’iyye Sicili) dated 1593, the weight and price of simit was standardized for the first time. Famous 17th-century traveler Evliya Çelebi wrote that there were 70 simit bakeries in Istanbul during the 1630s Jean Brindesi's early 19th-century oil-paintings about Istanbul daily life show simit sellers on the streets. Warwick Goble, too, made an illustration of these simit sellers of Istanbul in 1906. Simit and its variants became a widespread bread-type all-around the Ottoman Empire in centuries.
Culture.
Drinking Turkish tea with simit is traditional in Turkish culture. Simit is generally served plain, or for breakfast with tea, fruit preserves, or cheese or ayran.
Simits are often sold by street vendors, who either have a simit trolley or carry the simit in a tray on their head. Street merchants generally advertise simit as fresh ("Taze simit!"/"Taze gevrek!") since they are baked throughout the day; otherwise hot ("Sıcak, sıcak!") and extremly hot ("El yakıyor!" means "It can burn your hand!") when they are not long out of the oven.
Simit is an important symbol for lower and middle-class people of Turkey. Sometimes it is called as "susam kebabı" (sesame kebab) in Turkey.
Variations.
A type of bread very similar to simit is known as obwarzanek in Poland and bublik in Russia and Ukraine. The main difference is that the rings of dough are poached briefly in boiling water prior to baking (similarly to bagels), instead of being dipped in water and molasses syrup, as is the case with simit.

</doc>
<doc id="2904186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904186" title="Daniel Schaffer">
Daniel Schaffer

Dan Schaffer (born 3 February 1969) is a British writer/artist working primarily in comics and film. He is best known as the writer and illustrator of cult comic book series, "Dogwitch". He is also the co-creator/artist of "Indigo Vertigo", a collaboration with Queenadreena / Daisy Chainsaw singer Katiejane Garside, and writer/artist of the original graphic novel The Scribbler. 
Schaffer's art career started with the UK Teachers Union, NASUWT, and from 1995 to 2000 he worked as a political cartoonist for the Career Teacher national newspaper. In 2000 he moved to the music industry where he designed record sleeves, most notably working alongside London drum and bass outfit Jerona Fruits Recordings as their graphic designer. 
Schaffer then worked as a graphic artist at NUCLEUS FILMS UK. 
In 2007, Schaffer's comedy/horror screenplay "Doghouse" was optioned by Carnaby International, to be directed by Jake West.
Bibliography.
Dogwitch.
In 2002 Schaffer made his comics debut with "Dogwitch", an indie comic book series published by Sirius Entertainment. DOGWITCH was critically acclaimed for its detailed black and white line art and off-the-wall storytelling, and the series became an instant cult hit. Schaffer produced DOGWITCH for three years, releasing eighteen bi-monthly issues. The entire series is collected in three trade paperbacks:
"Volume 1: Direct To Video" (collects "Dogwitch" #1-6, 144 pages, ISBN 1-57989-062-8)
"Volume 2: Twisted" (collects "Dogwitch" #7-12, 144 pages, 2005, ISBN 1-57989-075-X)
"Volume 3: Mood Swings" (collects "Dogwitch" #13-18, 144 pages, 2006, not yet released)
As well as the regular comic book, Schaffer also released one-shots and portfolios such as "Dogwitch: Special Features" which collected Dogwitch-related original pin-up art, sketches and 'deleted scenes'.
There is also a variety of Dogwitch merchandise, including tee-shirts, posters and barware.
Schaffer ended the series in 2005 to work on other projects.
Indigo Vertigo.
"Indigo Vertigo" is a 48-page graphic novella published by Image Comics in 2005, a collaboration between Dan Schaffer and British indie-rock icon, Katiejane Garside. For this project, Schaffer and Garside developed a new approach to comic book construction in what they describe as an "intuitive, creative process". Schaffer's art style changed considerably as he dropped the detailed, realistic line art in favor of fully painted, digital art, translating Garside's fragmented writing into a series of hallucinatory sequential images. 
The book itself appears to run two stories in parallel, one told with words and the other told with art, both weaving in and out of each other as story progresses. Warren Ellis describes the book as "like Sylvia Plath fucking David Lynch". Apart from a few hints in Schaffer's press releases and online journal, both Garside and Schaffer have kept quiet about what this book is actually about.
The Scribbler.
"The Scribbler" is a 96-page original graphic novel, written and illustrated by Schaffer. It was published by Image Comics in November 2006. The story concerns a young woman confronting her destructive multiple personalities using an experimental new procedure known as "The Siamese Burn."
Killdarlings.
Schaffer's website reveals his latest project to be a comic book pilot called "Killdarlings" which he will write and illustrate.

</doc>
<doc id="2904191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904191" title="Charm and Arrogance">
Charm and Arrogance

Charm and Arrogance was the second album from Irish alternative band Toasted Heretic.

</doc>
<doc id="2904196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904196" title="Dragon Society">
Dragon Society

The Dragon Society or Society of Dragons is a secret society of senior men at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States. The group's membership and organizational structure are unknown. Dragon has been in continuous operation since its founding in 1898. 
Activities.
Dragon is generally considered the most secret of Dartmouth's secret societies as members do not carry identifying canes at commencement, nor do they identify themselves in Dartmouth's yearbook, "The Aegis". Members of Dartmouth's other secret societies identify themselves in either or both ways. 
Rumors surrounding the Dragon Society include the claims that the society owns an estate somewhere in Quebec, and that annual initiation rites involve a wilderness vision quest and mock sacrifice based on a supposed ancient tradition of Welsh Druids.
Membership.
Membership consists of a small number of senior men who are selected during their junior year in a school-wide selection process known as "tapping." Every winter and spring, juniors are tapped for the senior societies through a process semi-coordinated through the College.
Members are thought to be leaders of Dartmouth's athletic teams and fraternities. Taps are voted on by the membership. Dartmouth legend has it that the ghost of a man named "Q" still haunts Dragon.

</doc>
<doc id="2904198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904198" title="Indigo Vertigo">
Indigo Vertigo

Indigo Vertigo is a 48-page graphic novella, written by KatieJane Garside and illustrated by "Dogwitch" creator, Daniel Schaffer. It was published by Image Comics in 2005.
"Indigo Vertigo" is described as "the hallucinatory spectacle of one woman’s experience at the brink of reality." A quote from Warren Ellis on the back cover reads, "Like Sylvia Plath fucking David Lynch".
According to Schaffer, who acknowledges a heavy influence from Lynch (and also Japanese auteur, Shinya Tsukamoto), the book is an experiment in subjective storytelling, and came about as the result of an unconventional, intuitive creative process developed by himself and KatieJane Garside (vocalist with extreme rock band Queenadreena). 
In an interview posted on comics news site The Pulse in 2005, Schaffer explains - ""Indigo Vertigo" is an attempt to connect to the reader by acknowledging the demons and empty spaces that are within everybody. If you’re going to do something like that without pretension or agenda, you have to first expose the same thing from within yourself, and so this book is a glimpse of that truth, from the perspective of both Katie and myself, with a little bit of space for the reader. It’s a book designed to reach out through example, and it will come alive if you bring something of yourself to it."

</doc>
<doc id="2904199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904199" title="Bajo el Azul de Tu Misterio">
Bajo el Azul de Tu Misterio

Bajo el Azul de Tu Misterio is a two-disc album recorded by Mexican rock band Jaguares and was nominated for a Latin Grammy in 2000. The LP was released on September 7, 1999 under the label BMG Entertainment Mexico. The first disc is a live concert album (with some songs from Jaguares' first incarnation, Caifanes); the second disc is a studio album.
Band members include Saul Hernández (singer and assistant guitar), Alfonso André (drums), Sabo Romo (bass), Cesar "El Vampiro" López Garcia (main guitar) and Jarris Margalli (keyboards and samplers).
Track listing.
All songs written by Saul Hernández.
Disc 1 (live)
Disc 2 (studio)

</doc>
<doc id="2904201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904201" title="Daniell integral">
Daniell integral

In mathematics, the Daniell integral is a type of integration that generalizes the concept of more elementary versions such as the Riemann integral to which students are typically first introduced. One of the main difficulties with the traditional formulation of the Lebesgue integral is that it requires the initial development of a workable measure theory before any useful results for the integral can be obtained. However, an alternative approach is available, developed by that does not suffer from this deficiency, and has a few significant advantages over the traditional formulation, especially as the integral is generalized into higher-dimensional spaces and further generalizations such as the Stieltjes integral. The basic idea involves the axiomatization of the integral.
The Daniell axioms.
We start by choosing a family formula_1 of bounded real functions (called "elementary functions") defined over some set formula_2, that satisfies these two axioms:
In addition, every function "h" in "H" is assigned a real number formula_7, which is called the "elementary integral" of "h", satisfying these three axioms:
That is, we define a continuous non-negative linear functional formula_19 over the space of elementary functions.
These elementary functions and their elementary integrals may be any set of functions and definitions of integrals over these functions which satisfy these axioms. The family of all step functions evidently satisfies the above axioms for elementary functions. Defining the elementary integral of the family of step functions as the (signed) area underneath a step function evidently satisfies the given axioms for an elementary integral. Applying the construction of the Daniell integral described further below using step functions as elementary functions produces a definition of an integral equivalent to the Lebesgue integral. Using the family of all continuous functions as the elementary functions and the traditional Riemann integral as the elementary integral is also possible, however, this will yield an integral that is also equivalent to Lebesgue's definition. Doing the same, but using the Riemann–Stieltjes integral, along with an appropriate function of bounded variation, gives a definition of integral equivalent to the Lebesgue–Stieltjes integral.
Sets of measure zero may be defined in terms of elementary functions as follows. A set formula_20 which is a subset of formula_2 is a set of measure zero if for any formula_22, there exists a nondecreasing sequence of nonnegative elementary functions formula_23 in "H" such that formula_24 and formula_25 on formula_20. 
A set is called a set of full measure if its complement, relative to formula_2, is a set of measure zero. We say that if some property holds at every point of a set of full measure (or equivalently everywhere except on a set of measure zero), it holds almost everywhere.
Definining the Daniell integral.
Although the end result is the same, different authors construct the integral differently. A common approach is to start with defining a larger class of functions, based on our chosen elementary functions, the class formula_28, which is the family of all functions that are the limit of a nondecreasing sequence formula_29 of elementary functions, such that the set of integrals formula_30 is bounded. The integral of a function formula_31 in formula_28 is defined as:
It can be shown that this definition of the integral is well-defined, i.e. it does not depend on the choice of sequence formula_29.
However, the class formula_28 is in general not closed under subtraction and scalar multiplication by negative numbers; one needs to further extend it by defining a wider class of functions formula_36 with these properties.
Daniell's (1918) method, described in the book by Royden, amounts to defining the upper integral of a general function formula_37 by
where the infimum is taken over all formula_31 in formula_28 with formula_41. The lower integral is defined in a similar fashion or shortly as formula_42. Finally formula_36 consists of those functions whose upper and lower integrals are finite and coincide, and
An alternative route, based on a discovery by Frederic Riesz, is taken in the book by Shilov and Gurevich and in the article in Encyclopedia of Mathematics. Here formula_36 consists of those functions formula_46 that can be represented on a set of full measure (defined in the previous section) as the difference formula_47, for some functions formula_31 and formula_49 in the class formula_28. Then the integral of a function formula_46 can be defined as:
Again, it may be shown that this integral is well-defined, i.e. it does not depend on the decomposition of formula_37 into formula_31 and formula_49. This turns out to be equivalent to the original Daniell integral.
Properties.
Nearly all of the important theorems in the traditional theory of the Lebesgue integral, such as Lebesgue's dominated convergence theorem, the Riesz–Fischer theorem, Fatou's lemma, and Fubini's theorem may also readily be proved using this construction. Its properties are identical to the traditional Lebesgue integral.
Measures from the Daniell integral.
Because of the natural correspondence between sets and functions, it is also possible to use the Daniell integral to construct a measure theory. If we take the characteristic function formula_56 of some set, then its integral may be taken as the measure of the set. This definition of measure based on the Daniell integral can be shown to be equivalent to the traditional Lebesgue measure.
Advantages over the traditional formulation.
This method of constructing the general integral has a few advantages over the traditional method of Lebesgue, particularly in the field of functional analysis. The Lebesgue and Daniell constructions are equivalent, as pointed out above, if ordinary finite-valued step functions are chosen as elementary functions. However, as one tries to extend the definition of the integral into more complex domains (e.g. attempting to define the integral of a linear functional), one runs into practical difficulties using Lebesgue's construction that are alleviated with the Daniell approach.
The Polish mathematician Jan Mikusinski has made an alternative and more natural formulation of Daniell integration by using the notion of absolutely convergent series. His formulation works for 
Bochner integral (Lebesgue integral for mappings taking values in Banach spaces). Mikusinski's lemma allows one to define integral without mentioning null sets. He also proved change of variables theorem for multiple integral for Bochner integrals and Fubini's theorem for Bochner integrals using Daniell integration. The book by Asplund and Bungart carries a lucid treatment of this approach for real valued functions. It also offers a proof of an abstract Radon–Nikodym theorem using Daniell–Mikusinski approach.
References.
library of congress catalog card number-66-10122

</doc>
<doc id="2904202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904202" title="The Smug E.P.">
The Smug E.P.

The Smug E.P. was the third album (actually an E.P.) from Irish alternative band Toasted Heretic. It still hasn't been released on CD, despite a number of requests. When asked, Julian Gough pulls a face and says they just haven't got round to it yet.

</doc>
<doc id="2904207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904207" title="Symbiat">
Symbiat

Symbiat is an IT services company based in Bellshill, North Lanarkshire, Scotland that focuses on Enterprise backup solutions and Cloud computing integration. It was formed in 2009 and has worked with a number of Scottish further education colleges and councils.
They have consultants who also have links with the Business Continuity Institute.
With the development of Microsoft Office 365, Symbiat will offer implementation of this service.

</doc>
<doc id="2904208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904208" title="Hiraka Station">
Hiraka Station

History.
Hiraka Station was opened on September 7, 1927. Freight operations were discontinued in 1984. Wicket gate operation was turned over to a separate company ("kan'i itaku") in October 1985. A new station building was completed in December 1986. On June 12, 2007, an accident occurred at Hiraka Station when a Kuroishi-bound train derailed. The station has been unattended since April 2006.
Station layout.
Hiraka Station has two opposed side platforms serving two tracks. The station building also serves as the operational headquarters for the Kōnan Line. Platform 2 has not been in operation since October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2904210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904210" title="SECR P class">
SECR P class

The South Eastern and Chatham Railway (SECR) P Class is a class of 0-6-0T steam locomotive designed by Harry Wainwright.
They were inspired by, and loosely based on, the more successful LB&SCR A1 Class "Terriers" and eight were built in 1909 and 1910. They were originally intended for lightweight passenger trains, to replace underpowered steam railmotors. Certain cost-saving design compromises had been made, compared to the Terrier design, and the P class were found to be underpowered, having only 73% of the Terrier's tractive effort. The P class were later re-allocated to shunting and station pilot duties.
All eight locomotives passed into Southern Railway ownership at The Grouping in 1923, and into British Railways ownership at Nationalisation in 1948. Withdrawals took place between 1955 and 1961, but four examples have been preserved.
Numbering.
The first two locomotives, built in 1909, were numbered 753 and 754. The 1910-built locomotives re-used numbers of withdrawn locomotives and were numbered 27, 178, 323, 325, 555 and 558. In 1915, Two locomotives (27 and 753, known by the ROD as numbers 5027 and 5753 ) were transferred to the Government and used by the Railway Operating Division, arriving in France in May 1915. They were initially used during the construction of exchange sidings, and later to shunt the sidings and docks at Boulogne, but they proved to have insufficient power, and were returned to England in October 1916, to be replaced with the SECR T Class locomotive.
All eight passed to the Southern Railway upon its formation in 1923, and were given an 'A' prefix to their SECR numbers. in 1925, A753 and A754 were renumbered A556 and A557. In 1923, the Southern abolished the number prefixes, and increased the P class numbers by 1000. Upon Nationalisation in 1948, British Railways added 30000 to their SR number.
Withdrawal.
The class survived intact until 1955, when 31555 became the first locomotive to be withdrawn; 31557 followed in 1957. In 1958, 31178 was sold to Bowaters; and three locomotives were withdrawn in 1960: 31323, 31325 and 31558. The last two, 31027 and 31556, were withdrawn the following year.
Preservation.
Four locomotives have been preserved:
No. 323, Bluebell.
South Eastern and Chatham Railway P Class number 323 "Bluebell" is one of the first two engines which worked passenger trains during the first year of the Bluebell Railway Preservation Society. It arrived at the Bluebell in 1960 and remained a stalwart in the Bluebell's locomotive fleet between 1960 and 1998 when it was withdrawn pending overhaul. During this time it also visited the East Somerset Railway for four years between 1980 and 1984.
Early attempts to overhaul the engine, which had gained the unofficial name of "Bluebell" at the railway, in 2005 proved to be abortive and 323, partially dismantled, was moved back to storage at Sheffield Park in a partially dismantled state. In September 2009 the decision was made to restore 323 to working order and it was moved into the workshops with the hope of having it operational in time for the Bluebell's fiftieth anniversary celebrations in August 2010.
However, it was discovered the firebox backhead had cracked, requiring repairs that prevented the locomotive from attending the celebrations. 323 returned to service in Spring 2011, when it attended the 'Branch Line Weekend' celebrations. It is currently painted in 'Bluebell Blue' with the BRPS emblem on the side tanks.
No. 27.
South Eastern and Chatham Railway P class No. 27 was the second P-class engine to be brought for preservation by the Bluebell Railway in Sussex. It arrived in 1961 and was used extensively until it was withdrawn for an overhaul in 1974. At the time the workshops were unable to overhaul it and so it was placed in storage. During its time in service on the Bluebell, it carried two liveries; the first being BR black with its SE&CR number 27 and its name "Primrose" between 1961 and 1963, after which in 1963 it was repainted in SE&CR lined green.
The locomotive was largely dismantled in the early 1980s as an exercise for apprentices from Stratford Works. However the overhaul did not take place as intended and the work was not commenced until 2011, by which time the loco had suffered greatly from corrosion. The restoration is being funded by the Fenchurch Fund and it is hoped that the loco will be working for the centenary of the end of the First World War as a memorial to the SECR men who worked at Boulogne and the railway men who fell during the conflict.
SE&CR No. 27 is currently painted in SE&CR lined green. It is planned to restore it as Southern Railway No. A27 in SR Olive Green, as it would have looked after 1923 while based at Ashford.
No. 178.
South Eastern and Chatham Railway P class No. 178 was purchased from Bowaters by the Bluebell Railway in 1969, by this time non-operational due to the cylinder block having cracked earlier that year. It was purchased by members of the Port Line locomotive group, who started restoring it in 1992. Work continued on this engine including fitting it with a new boiler, originally fitted to 323 when it arrived in 1960.
This locomotive was transferred back to the Bluebell's ownership in November 2007 and work continued with the firebox requiring partial renewal of the foundation ring. It returned to steam on 22 February 2010 as Bowaters' "Pioneer II" in SE&CR green, entering regular service later that week on 27 February. The locomotive was finished as SE&CR No. 178 in May 2010 and was formally re-entered into service on 1 May 2010. It is currently painted in SE&CR lined green.
In fiction.
In "Stepney the "Bluebell" Engine", a book by the Rev. W. Awdry from "The Railway Series", Nos. 323 and 27 were featured as engines that Stepney was talking about when he visited the Island of Sodor. No. 323 was named 'Bluebell', the name it currently carries and No. 27 was named 'Primrose'. Both engines were seen without faces. "Bluebell" was also released as a die-cast model by ERTL, although, curiously, this used the same bodyshell as Thomas – a much larger tank locomotive – rather than that of Stepney – a 'Terrier' similar to "Bluebell" – who was already in the ERTL range.

</doc>
<doc id="2904215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904215" title="Torquay Girls' Grammar School">
Torquay Girls' Grammar School

Torquay Girls' Grammar School is a selective grammar school for girls aged 11–18, in Torquay, Devon, England. It became one of the first schools to achieve Humanities Specialist School status in September 2004, and is one of the first to offer the AQA Baccalaureate. On 1 February 2011, the school officially gained academy status. It is a member of the South West Academic Trust - a collaboration of seven high-performing grammar schools and Exeter University. The examination results regularly place the school in the top twenty state girls' schools nationally.
History.
The school, which was founded in 1915, settled at its current location in 1939. While the school continues to use its original building, the interiors have been updated and additional buildings have been added, including the Haystacks building (Art, English and Geography) in 1995 and the Roberts building (languages, history, new library/learning resource centre) in 2007. In July 2008, the Cross building was officially opened - the new music and drama block. 
The school purchased its own residential study centre in Tregourez, Brittany, in 1990. Pupils in years 7 and 9 stay there during May/June as a form to encourage social interaction and improve their French. 
The most recent Ofsted inspection was in 2011, with the result being it was found to be 'outstanding in all categories'.
The school motto is 'Aude Sapere', meaning 'dare to be wise'.
Buildings and facilities.
The grounds of the school include:
Forms and Houses.
Upon entering the school in year 7, each girl is put into one of four forms and in one of four houses. These forms contain all the girls of that house in that year. This means all girls in e.g. 7W are of Wilkinson house, and in year 7. There are four such houses and therefore four forms in a year group. Younger sisters are usually put in the same house as older sisters.
The girls stay in these houses. They are taught in these form groups for most subjects in years 7-9, but some other subjects are taught in ability groups (e.g. maths) or in the case of technology, alphabetically, as there is not enough room in the tech rooms for all the form to be taught at the same time.
Each house is named after a past headteacher.
Sixth form.
The two Lower Sixth forms used to share the Lower Sixth common room in Shiphay Manor, owned by the Boys' Grammar, while the two Upper Sixths share the Upper Sixth common room in the Sixth Form (formerly 'E') Block of the Boys' Grammar.
Now two new buildings, a new Sixth Form block, and a new music and drama suite, have been finished and the sixth form have lessons in their new block. There are still two common rooms, one in the Girls' school and one in the neighbouring Boys' school.
The Sixth Form have lessons in the purpose-built Sixth-Form block, in the main school (e.g. Chemistry in the science labs) and some lessons are shared with the neighbouring Torquay Boys' Grammar School allowing students to benefit from each school's specialities, when they have facilities that are not offered in the Girls' school (e.g. A-level music).

</doc>
<doc id="2904216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904216" title="Another Day, Another Riot">
Another Day, Another Riot

Another Day, Another Riot was the fourth album from Irish alternative band Toasted Heretic.

</doc>
<doc id="2904217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904217" title="Est Region (Burkina Faso)">
Est Region (Burkina Faso)

Est is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. It was created on 2 July 2001. The population of Est was 1,209,399 in 2006. The region's capital is Fada N'gourma. Five provinces make up the region - Gnagna, Gourma, Komondjari, Kompienga, and Tapoa.

</doc>
<doc id="2904220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904220" title="AFL Japan">
AFL Japan

AFL Japan is a league and governing body for Australian rules football in Japan. 
The Top League season runs from April to November, with a summer break during August. All teams including the University teams compete in the Top League. The most successful team has been the Tokyo Goannas, who have been premiers since the inaugural Top League season. In 2007, the Osaka Dingoes joined the Top League. Since then the league has expanded with the addition of 3 new teams with the Nagoya Redbacks joining in 2009, the R246 Lions joining in 2012 (formerly known as the Tokyo Leopards) and just recently the Tokyo Bay Suns in 2013.
The Japan national Australian rules football team, the Japan Samurais, competed in the triannual Australian Football International Cup in 2003, finishing 10th out of 11 competing countries, in 2005, finishing 7th out of 10 competing countries and 2008, finishing 8th out of 16 competing countries. In 2011, they finished 12th in division 1, beating Fiji and narrowing losing to Sweden along the way.
In addition, a combined team of Japanese and Expat players compete in the annual Asian Australian Football Championships as the Japan Goannas. Also, every year, the University Samurais tour Australia in August. 
Their best and fairest player (from the 2005 International Cup) was Michito Sakaki. Sakaki, along with teammate Tsuyoshi Kase was later invited to join the Australian Football League/Australian Institute of Sport academy camp in Canberra and Sakaki played for the Essendon Football Club annual 16-a-side match against the Sydney Swans at the North Sydney Oval on 3 March 2005 in front of 9,654 spectators. Both have since moved to Australia. Sakaki played in the semi-professional Ovens & Murray Football League and Kase in the amateur VAFA. At the recent International Cup 2011, Ken Sato of the Komazawa Magpies was named in the International XVIII team. 
Also, through the support of the Box Hill North Football Club, a Japanese player receives a scholarship to train and play in Australia annually.

</doc>
<doc id="2904223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904223" title="Mindless Optimism">
Mindless Optimism

Mindless Optimism was the fifth album from Irish alternative band Toasted Heretic.

</doc>
<doc id="2904227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904227" title="Hauts-Bassins Region">
Hauts-Bassins Region

Hauts-Bassins is one of Burkina Faso's thirteen administrative regions. It was created on 2 July 2001. The population of Hauts-Bassins was 1,410,284 in 2006. The region's capital is Bobo Dioulasso. Three provinces make up the region - Houet, Kénédougou, and Tuy.

</doc>
<doc id="2904233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904233" title="Ministry of Education (Singapore)">
Ministry of Education (Singapore)

The Ministry of Education (Abbreviation: MOE; Chinese: 新加坡教育部; ; ) is a ministry of the Government of Singapore that directs the formulation and implementation of policies related to education in Singapore.
Statutory boards.
The ministry oversees 10 statutory boards. These are:

</doc>
<doc id="2904235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904235" title="Kuroishi Station (Aomori)">
Kuroishi Station (Aomori)

History.
Kuroishi Station was opened on August 15, 1912 on the Japanese Government Railways . An adjacent Kōnan Kuroishi Station was built in 1950 for use by the Kōnan Line. On November 1, 1984, the Kuroishi Light Railway was sold to the Kōnan Railway, and the original Kuroishi Station was demolished. The station has been operated as a ("kan'i itaku" station) since November 1984. On April 1, 1986 a new station building was completed, and the station reverted to its original name. The Kuroishi Light Rail ceased operations on April 1, 1998.
Station layout.
Kuroishi Station has a single bay platform serving two tracks, although Track 2 is seldom used. The station is fully attended.

</doc>
<doc id="2904238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904238" title="Dreamboat Annie">
Dreamboat Annie

Dreamboat Annie is the debut album by American rock band Heart. At the time, the band was based in Vancouver British Columbia, and the album was recorded in B.C. and first released in Canada by the local label Mushroom Records in the summer of 1975. It was released in the United States on 14 February 1976 through the subsidiary of Mushroom Records in Los Angeles. The album contains three hit singles which became staples on FM radio. Producer Mike Flicker helped the group to polish their sound and obtain a recording contract with the label.
Recording.
The album was recorded on an Ampex MM1000 16-track tape recorder (which formerly belonged to United Western Recorders) at the Can-Base Studios in Vancouver, BC, which were later renamed to the current Mushroom Studios. It was the first major hit album recorded there.
Release.
Heart's first single "How Deep It Goes" b/w "Here Song" (M-7008) received little attention when released in Canada by the small Mushroom label in 1975. The second single "Magic Man" b/w "How Deep It Goes" was first picked up for radio play by CJFM-FM 96 in Montreal, while the band was on tour playing small club dates.
"Dreamboat Annie" was released following the success of the second single. The album cover was designed by current Emily Carr University of Art and Design communication design instructor Deborah Shackleton Heart's first radio success earned them a spot opening a Montreal concert for Rod Stewart in October 1975. More Canadian airplay soon followed, partly because Heart's recordings qualified for Canadian content broadcast requirements. The album sold an impressive 30,000 copies across Canada in its first few months.
Mushroom then formed a US division and released "Dreamboat Annie" on Valentine's Day 1976 in the Seattle area, where Heart's members had lived and played before relocating to Canada in the early 1970s. The album was played by Seattle stations KISW and KZOK and promptly sold another 25,000 copies in the local area. The group and their label then began working together to build success for the album city by city. According to Flicker, this was part of a plan to convince record distributors that Mushroom had a hit record, so that the album would get national distribution.
Subsequent events.
The success of the album indirectly led to a break between the band and label. The first cracks appeared when the group tried to renegotiate their royalty rate to be more in keeping with what they thought a platinum band should be earning. For this Michael Fisher, who was Ann Wilson's boyfriend at the time, stepped aside as "de facto" manager and Ken Kinnear was hired. Mushroom's tough stance in negotiations, and their opinion that perhaps the band was a one-hit wonder, led to Mike Flicker leaving the label. He did, however, continue to produce for Heart. 
The relationship broke down completely when the label bought a full-page ad in "Rolling Stone" mocked up like a "National Enquirer" front page. The ad used a photo similar to the one on the "Dreamboat Annie" album cover, showing Ann and Nancy back to back with bare shoulders. The caption under the photo read "It Was Only Our First Time". The band had not been consulted and was furious with the double meaning of the caption.
Since the label could no longer provide Flicker as producer as the contract specified, the band took the position that they were free to move to another label and signed with Portrait Records. Mushroom insisted that the band was still bound to the contract which called for two albums. So, Mushroom released "Magazine" with incomplete tracks, studio outtakes and live material and a disclaimer on the cover.
The band got a federal injunction to recall the album, but not before about 50,000 copies had been sold. The court eventually decided that the band could sign with Portrait, but that they did owe Mushroom a second album. The band returned to the studio to re-record, remix, edit, and re-sequence the recordings. "Magazine" was re-released in 1978 and sold a million copies in less than a month. 
Shelley Siegal, the promoter behind the "First Time" ad, died a few months after the re-release, and Mushroom Records went bankrupt a few years later. The episode had at least one more repercussion. Not long after the ad appeared, a radio promoter asked Ann about her lover; he was referring to Nancy, thus implying that the sisters were incestuous lesbian lovers. The encounter infuriated Ann who went back to her hotel and penned the words to what became Heart's signature song, "Barracuda".
Track listing.
All songs written by Ann & Nancy Wilson except where noted.
Credits.
Ann Wilson was song writer and lead vocalist on all tracks - i.e. tracks 1-10. She played flute on tracks 3, 8 and 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2904240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904240" title="Cuando la Sangre Galopa">
Cuando la Sangre Galopa

Cuando la Sangre Galopa is an album recorded by Mexican rock band Jaguares. The LP was released on July 10, 2001 under the label BMG US Latin. It was nominated for Rock Album of the Year at the 2002 Lo Nuestro Awards.
Personnel.
Guest musicians.
Stuart Hamm, Chucho Merchán, Rubén Maldonado, Luis Conte, Alberto Salas, Patrick Warren, Greg Walls.

</doc>
<doc id="2904241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904241" title="Nord Region (Burkina Faso)">
Nord Region (Burkina Faso)

Nord is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. It was created on 2 July 2001. The population of Nord was 1,182,770 in 2006. The region's capital is Ouahigouya. Four provinces make up the region - Loroum, Passoré, Yatenga, and Zondoma.

</doc>
<doc id="2904248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904248" title="Boolarra, Victoria">
Boolarra, Victoria

Boolarra is a small township located in the Latrobe Valley, in central Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. At the 2006 census, Boolarra had a population of 528 (The postcode area had a population of 1119 which includes the nearby town of Yinnar). The Boolarra Folk Festival is held in the town every year in March and attracts music lovers from around Australia and the world. The town is also infamous for producing the Boolarra strain of carp ("Cyprinus carpio") which, after their release into the Murray River near Mildura, spread throughout Australia.
The name Boolarra is believed to be derived from an expression in one of the local Aboriginal languages meaning 'plentiful' or 'twenty'. The Post Office opened on 1 September 1884 prior to the railway arriving in 1885.
The town is at one end of the Grand Ridge Rail Trail, which travels for 13 kilometres through temperate rainforest and dry sclerophyll forest in the Strzelecki Ranges. The original railway branch line from Morwell to Boolarra, was opened on 10 April 1885, with the last train being run on 22 June 1974. The railway was constructed through difficult hilly terrain requiring construction of massive embankments and numerous bridges.
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Mid Gippsland Football League.
History.
The first settler, W.H. Penaluna, arrived around 1878 taking up land along the Morwell River and erecting the Settlers' Arms Hotel. Land was quickly taken up, when a railway line was built in 1884‑5, connecting Mirboo North, Boolarra and Yinnar to Morwell, on the main Melbourne‑Sale line.
The hill country south and east of the Morwell River opened up and a series of small communities, Budgeree, Gunyah, Ruyton Junction, English's Corner among them, began to flourish as goods and services flowed to and from Boolarra, which acted as the commercial and agricultural centre of the district.
Initially, the early settlers depended on timber and mixed farming for their livelihood. Blackwood for furniture and palings, cut from the surrounding forests, was freighted to Melbourne.
Butter, salted and packed on the farm, was also sent to the city. In 1905, the Danish firm Heyman set up a butter factory in Boolarra, and dairying became the main industry of the district. This was the time when Boolarra's population rivalled that of Morwell.
At its peak, Boolarra supported three general stores, three hotels and four churches along with two butchers, two bakers and three confectionery shops, which satisfied the needs of the community. Horses were harnessed and shod by two blacksmiths and the Butter Factory provided the bulk of employment for the town's youth. At one stage, a black coal and bauxite mine triggered an investment flow into the town.
Sadly, in 1937 a large fire raged through Tarwin Street, destroying many of the original shop fronts.
After WW II residents banded together to erect a Memorial Park, with the names of the town's fallen soldiers inscribed on its gates.
Today.
Modernisation of farming and improved transport links have brought changes to many small rural towns, with car travel to the larger commercial centres in the Latrobe Valley increasing.
Boolarra, no longer a centre, has settled down to become an attractive town with a friendly rural atmosphere.
Today a large fish farm exports goldfish to the national market. Farming is still important, as is Timber, which is harvested from plantation forests in the hills. There has been an influx of new residents, retirees and young families from the city. The old railway line, closed in 1974, has become an attractive Rail ‑Trail bush walk from Boolarra to Mirboo North. The Old Boolarra Pub has been restored.
There are two general stores in Boolarra today, numerous sporting clubs use the recreational facilities of the Memorial Park, a modern school and kindergarten provide excellent educational facilities, and an historical society has converted the Old Boolarra School into a museum to preserve the local heritage.
In 2011, The Boolarra Australian Rules Football team, known as the Demons, won their first Mid-Gippsland premiership since 1997, defeating the Trafalgar Bloods.
Boolarra Folk Festival.
The Boolarra Folk Festival was first held in 2003 in Railway and Centenary Parks in Tarwin Street, Boolarra. The free, whole-day music concert is complemented by a large arts, craft and produce market.
Newspaper.
The Boolarra Link is a volunteer community newspaper published quarterly in March, June, October and December. The newspaper is published by the Latrobe Valley Express.

</doc>
<doc id="2904258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904258" title="Stalk-eyed fly">
Stalk-eyed fly

Stalk-eyed flies are insects of the fly family Diopsidae. The family is distinguished from most other flies by the possession of "eyestalks": projections from the sides of the head with the eyes at the end. Some fly species from other families such as Drosophilidae, Platystomatidae, and Tephritidae have similar heads but the unique character of Diopsidae is that the antennae are located on the stalk, rather than in the middle of the head as in all other flies.
The size of the stalk-eyed flies span up to a centimeter long, and they feed on both decaying plants and animals. Their unique morphology has inspired a great deal of research into how the attribute may have arisen through forces of sexual selection and natural selection. Studies of the behavior of the Diopsidae have yielded important insights into the development of sexual ornamentation, the genetic factors that maintain such a morphological feature, sexual selection, and the handicap principle.
Distribution and habitat.
There are more than one hundred species in the Diopsidae, with the greatest diversity found in the Old World tropics. They are distributed throughout the region, with the best known species being from South-East Asia and Southern Africa. There are also two species in North America and a European species has recently been found in Hungary.
Adult diopsids are typically found on low-lying vegetation in humid areas, often near streams and rivers, where they feed on fungi and bacteria that they scavenge from decaying vegetation. The larvae are saprophagic or phytophagous, eating decaying and fresh plant matter. "Diopsis macrophthalma" Dalman, 1817 is a pest of rice and sorghum in tropical Africa.
The peculiar morphology of stalk-eyed flies makes it easy to identify their fossils (e.g. in amber); one prehistoric genus that has been discovered in that form is "Prosphyracephala".
Morphology.
The Diopsidae are small to medium-sized flies, ranging from about 4.0 to about 12.0 millimeters in length. Their heads are subtriangular, with transverse eye stalks in all genera except the African genus "Centrioncus". The head is usually sparsely haired, with vibrissae (whiskers) absent.
The posterior portion of the fly's metathorax, or scutellum, has a pair of stout processes, and often the laterotergite (one of a number of lateral flanges) of the postnotum (a small dorsal sclerite on the insect thorax posterior to the notum) has a dome-like swelling or spine-like process. The anterior femora of the legs are stout, with ventral spines. Adult males have lost tergites seven and eight, and the seventh sternite forms a complete ventral band.
Stalk-eyed flies, as the name implies, typically possess eyestalks. Their eyes are mounted on projections from the sides of the head, and the antennae are located on the eyestalks, unlike stalk-eyed flies from other families. A rather remarkable feature of stalk-eyed flies is their ability, shortly after they emerge from their pupae, to ingest air through their oral cavity and pump it through ducts in the head to the tips of the eye stalks, thereby elongating them while they are still soft and transparent.
Taxonomy.
Main article: List of stalk-eyed flies
True stalk-eyed flies are members of the family Diopsidae, first described by Fothergill and named by Carl Linnaeus in 1775. The family Diopsidae is contained within the order Diptera and suborder Cyclorrapha, and features some 150 described species.
It was once recommended that the African genus "Centrioncus" (once placed in Sepsidae, but then moved to Diopsidae) should be treated as a separate family Centrioncidae, a sister group of the diopsids but since then this lineage has usually been treated as a subfamily.
Behavior.
Vision.
Despite the unusual morphology of the eye, each compound eye sees a region of space extending over more than a hemisphere in all directions. Thus, there is extensive binocular overlap, with about 70% of the ommatidia of each eye having a binocular partner ommatidia in the opposite eye which views in the same direction. The binocular field is most extensive in the frontoventral quadrant, where it reaches over 135 °, and is smallest in the dorsal region. Researchers found that the behavior of stalk-eyed flies is very much determined by vision. During the day, temporary territories may be defended by threatening behavior. At dusk the animals gather in small groups on selected threadlike structures, returning to the same site each day. When males of about equal size encounter one another within such a group they may engage in ritualized fights (or occasionally contact fights). Competitors are driven away by the dominant male. Conspecifics are most likely to elicit a threat or flight reaction when they are at a distance of about 50 millimeters, and reactions to model flies and reflections in a mirror also occur at about this distance.
Mating.
Stalk-eyed flies roost at night on root hairs hanging by streams. Mating usually takes place in the early morning in the vicinity of their roosts. Females show a strong preference for roosting and mating with males with longer eyestalks, and males compete with each other to control lekking aggregations through ritualized contest. This contest involves males facing one another and comparing their relative eye spans, often with the front legs spread apart, possibly to emphasize their eye-stalk lengths . Male stalk-eyed flies with long eyestalks gain mating advantages both because of female choice and because they are better able to compete with rival males.
Sexual selection.
Though the evolution of exaggerated male traits as a result of female mate choice was at one point controversial, Diposidae are now regarded as a classic example of animals that exhibit sexually selected traits. One view maintains that male ornaments co-evolve with female preferences. The selection of an ornamented mate causes genes that influence expression of the selected male trait and genes coding for female preference for this trait to be passed on to offspring This process creates linkage disequilibrium between selected alleles, with the magnitude of resulting genetic correlations influencing evolutionary outcomes. If the genetic correlation is high relative to the heritability of the male ornament, then a runaway process can occur leading to extreme sexually selected traits, such as the incredible eye spans observed in male stalk-eyed flies. Otherwise, the trait and preference for the trait increase until viability natural selection against further trait elaboration balances sexual selection.
The extreme morphology exhibited by stalk-eyed flies (especially males) has been studied in an effort to support the hypothesis that exaggerated male traits could evolve through female mate choice and that the selection on male ornaments should cause a correlated response in female preferences. Researchers noted that the flies roosted along stream banks in peninsular Malaysia and that the males with the largest eye spans were accompanied by more females than males with shorter eye spans. From January to October, the researchers counted males and females on 40 root hairs along a single 200 meter stretch of stream bank in order to confirm this observation.
Sexual selection experiments.
Researchers collected stalk-eyed flies and observed their behavior under laboratory conditions. In the lab, each individual was scored for eye spans, body length, age and fecundity. Pairs of males differing in eye span but matched in body length were conducted to quantify mate choice in the presence and absence of male interactions. Test males with the longest or shortest eye span to body length ratios were mated with 25 randomly chosen females. Wilkinson and Reillo then tested female choice in the presence and absence of male competition and in the presence of males with abnormally long and abnormally short eye spans.
It was found that males dispersed themselves while females clustered in certain areas of the cage. As observed prior to the study, researchers found that the average number of females per male increased with male eye span in field collected aggregations of stalk-eyed flies. Under laboratory conditions, researchers found that female preferences for male characteristics changed as the males sexual characteristics changed. After 13 generations of artificial selection, they found that long eye span male line females (i.e. females whose fathers had long eye spans) preferred long eye spans in both the selected males and in males that were not bred through artificial selection, while short eye span male line females (i.e. females whose fathers had short eye spans) found short eye spans to be the most attractive, even over males with long eye spans. Because researchers kept the females separate from males prior to mate selection, the finding supported the hypothesis that the change in female mate choice was genetically based and not learned. Thus, stalk-eyed flies have been able to evolve sexual trait in males that corresponds directly to traits that affect mating choices made by females.
Handicap selection.
However, the evolution of extreme morphology in male flies and the corresponding evolution of female preference for these characteristics as an effect of sexual selection is only half the picture. Handicap models of sexual selection (see Handicap Principle) predict that male sexual ornaments have strong condition-dependent expression and this allows females to evaluate male genetic quality.
Researchers have demonstrated that genetic variation underlies the response to environmental stress, such as variable food quality, of male sexual ornaments, such as the increased eye span, in the stalk-eyed fly. Researchers showed that some male genotypes develop large eye spans under all conditions, whereas other genotypes progressively reduce eye spans as environmental conditions deteriorate. Several non-sexual traits, including female eye span and male and female wing length, also show condition-dependent expression, but their genetic response is entirely explained by scaling with body size. Unlike these characteristics, male eye span still reveals genetic variation in response to environmental stress after accounting for differences in body size. Thus, it could be inferred that these results strongly support the conclusion that female mate choice yields genetic benefits for offspring as eye span acts as a truthful indicator of male fitness. Eye span is therefore selected not only on the basis of attractiveness, but also because it demonstrates good genes in mates.
Furthermore, it has been demonstrated that some populations of stalk-eyed fly female carry a meiotic drive gene on their X-chromosomes that causes female-biased sex ratios. In these populations, males which carry a gene to suppresses X chromosome meiotic drive have longer eyestalks. Thus, females that mate with these males gain a direct genetic benefit by producing male offspring in a female-biased population. In other words, the gene for long eye-stalks is linked to a gene that makes males to sire more male offspring. Alternatively, long stalks may signal fertility, perhaps by encouraging females to use the sperm of a long-stalked male so as to produce more fertile sons.

</doc>
<doc id="2904262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904262" title="Purple Line (ceasefire line)">
Purple Line (ceasefire line)

The purple line was the ceasefire line between Israel and Syria after the 1967 Six Day War.
History.
Syria gained independence from France in 1946 and on May 14, 1948 the British withdrew from Palestine as Israel declared its independence. Syrian forces participated in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War between Arab forces and the newly established State of Israel. In 1949, armistice agreements were signed and a provisional border between Syria and Israel was delineated (based on the 1923 international border; see "San Remo conference"). Syrian and Israeli forces clashed on numerous occasions in the spring of 1951. The hostilities, which stemmed from Syrian opposition to an Israeli drainage project in the demilitarized zone, ceased on May 15, after intercession by the United Nations Security Council. 
In June 1967 after battling Syria, Jordan and Egypt in the Six Day War, Israel captured the entire length of the Golan Heights including its principal city Quneitra. The resulting ceasefire line (dubbed the "Purple Line" as it was drawn on the UN's maps) was supervised by a series of positions and observation posts manned by observers of the United Nations Truce Supervision Organisation and became the new effective border between Israel and Syria.
In a surprise attack consisting of a massive armoured thrust, the Syrians crossed the Purple Line into the Golan Heights during the 1973 Yom Kippur War. After several days of very heavy fighting on the Golan they were pushed back deeper into Syria and Israel conquered further territory inside Syria beyond the Purple Line by the time a ceasefire was reached. In the disengagements negotiations after the war, Israel and Syria agreed on May 31, 1974 to pull back their respective forces on the Golan Heights to the Purple Line.
On the same day, a United Nations buffer zone was set up and the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force Zone (UNDOF) was established by the United Nations after the adoption of UN Security Council Resolution 350.

</doc>
<doc id="2904263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904263" title="Plateau-Central Region">
Plateau-Central Region

Plateau-Central is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. It was created on 2 July 2001 and had an estimated population of 693,137 in 2006. The region's capital is Ziniaré. Three provinces make up the region - Ganzourgou, Kourwéogo, and Oubritenga.

</doc>
<doc id="2904269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904269" title="Danish Australian Football League">
Danish Australian Football League

Participation.
DAFL is often considered the largest and most successful Australian Rules football competition outside the English speaking world.
In 2013 Aksel Bang, a product of the DAFL, accepted an international scholarship from AFL club Greater Western Sydney giants.
History.
In 1989 Mick Sitch (cousin of Rob Sitch)and Peter Paras (Australian Citizen) placed an advertisement in a Danish newspaper asking if there were any interested parties who would like to meet him for an kick-to-kick in Fælledparken, a public park in Copenhagen. Three people attended the informal session, forming the basis for the future league. In 1990 regular training sessions were held, with numbers swelling to the point where the players split themselves into three groups with the intention of starting a competition the following year. 
The foundation clubs of the league were the Amager Tigers, Copenhagen Crocodiles and North Copenhagen Barracudas. Official league play began on June 8, 1991 with North Copenhagen taking on Copenhagen. In 1993, the next team to join the league were the Aalborg Kangaroos, based in northern Jutland and around six hours' travel from Copenhagen, followed in 1994 by the Helsingborg Saints in southern Sweden. 
1995 saw two new expansion sides, the Farum Lions forming in the Copenhagen suburbs and a group leaving the Helsingborg Saints to found Sweden's second team, the Lund Bulldogs. Lund folded during the 1995 season, the number of clubs remaining at six until the Århus Bombers join the league in 1997 as the second side in Jutland.
With no new teams since 1997 and player numbers decreasing for the first time, the DAFL restructured its competition in 2003. The concept was based on more games between more (and smaller) teams - with three conferences making up the league. These were to be the Jutland Conference and the Zealand Conference in Denmark and the Scania Conference in Sweden. Clubs would be split into smaller squads and representative sides from the three conferences would play a regional series. The champion sides of each conference would then play a Denmark/Scania wide finals series to determine DAFL premiers.
This format was then reinvented a second time in 2005. Instead of adding a new level above the regular league play, as had been the case in 2003, the new league replaced the regional series with the club-based DAFL Premier League. The Premier League teams in 2007 are the North Copenhagen Barracudas, Farum Cats, Copenhagen Crocodiles, Jutland Shinboners, Port Malmö Maulers and the South Sweden Saints. Sides in the Premier League draw their players from four local leagues, based on North Zealand, Copenhagen, Jutland and Scania.
In 2011, prior to the 2012 season, the DAFL constitution was rewritten, changing the way DAFL is run. DAFL now has a board and they put down a league committee to run the actual league. This is to free up time for the board to focus on spreading knowledge of Australian Rules Football. The committee has a member from each club in the league, while the board has four members; a president, a vice president, a casheer and an Elite Committee President, who as the title suggests is the president of the DAFL Elite Committee, who is responsible for the Danish national team as well as tryouts for European teams.
The current (2012) president is Niels Schjønneman. The vice president is Troels Ottesen, the casheer is Michael Jensen and the Elite Committee President is Jens Djernes.
Confirmed teams for the 2012 season is Jutland Shinboners, Helsingborg Saints, Port Malmö Mailers, North Copenhagen Barracudas and reigning premiers Farum Cats. This brings the total amount of teams to 5, 1 less than 2011 with the withdrawal of Copenhagen Crocs.
Clubs.
Jutland.
Since 2005, the Jutland Shinboners have been the sole representative team from this region in the DAFL premier league. Feeding into the Shinboners is a local league based around clubs in Aalborg, Randers and Århus. 
The Aalborg Kangaroos were formed in 1993, the first DAFL club outside Copenhagen and lasted until 2003, when with the DAFL league restructure, the Aalborg club created two squads, the Kangaroos and the Power for the newly formed Jutland Conference.
The Århus Bombers formed in 1997, as the DAFL's seventh club and the second in Jutland. When the league restructured in 2003, Århus competed in the 3-team Jutland Conference with the two squads from Aalborg, then in 2005 becoming a feeder side for the Shinboners in the DAFL premier league while continuing to play in the Jutland local league. Player numbers dwindled somewhat in the Aalborg and Århus camps, with the two playing the local league on an "ad hoc" basis.
In 2009, the Jutland Local League was boosted with the creation of the Randers Dockers, Denmark's first new club in over a decade. Aalborg, Århus and Randers then became a three-team league, with the 2009 season having the largest playing numbers and least number of forfeited matches since the regional competition started in 2003.
Zealand.
There are currently two teams from Zealand in the DAFL Premier League, the Farum Cats and theNorth Copenhagen Barracudas .
The club in Farum, originally dubbed the Lions, formed in late 1994, joining the DAFL for the 1995 season. They reached the grand final in every one of their first four seasons, although they only won the premiership in 1996. Farum have had an active junior department program since 1998, with half of the current senior players originally coming to the club as juniors. A partnership arrangement with the Geelong Football Club of the Australian Football League saw the club change its name and playing strip to match that of the Geelong club, and send senior and regular junior sides on tours of Australia.
The North Copenhagen Barracudas were a foundation club of the DAFL, playing in every season since the league started in 1991. After the 2003 league restructure, the club fielded two senior sides, the Barras and the Cudas. After the 2005 restructure, the club fields the Barracudas team in the DAFL Premier League and two squads in the Copenhagen local league.
The Copenhagen Crocs were also a foundation club of the Danish Australian Football League and have played (in some form) in every season of the DAFL since it began in 1991. With the league restructure in 2005, the Crocs fielded a combined side with the Amager Tigers in the DAFL Premier League, dubbed the Copenhagen Hawks. The Crocs traditionally wore the colours of the Carlton Blues from the AFL. The Crocodiles returned to the Premier League in 2006. As of 2012 Crocs are not a Premier League team, but will continue to play in the DAFL Sjælland 9's.
The Amager Tigers, based in Amager in the southern Copenhagen urban area, were formed as the third foundation club of the DAFL, competing in every season (in some form) from 1991 to 2005. The Tigers had the most successful premiership record of any club in the DAFL, however they often struggled for year-to-year consistency, with premiership years followed by a finish near the bottom of the ladder. After the 2005 DAFL restructure, Amager fielded a combined side with the Copenhagen Crocodiles for play in the DAFL Premier League, to be named the Copenhagen Hawks. In early 2006 they announced that they would not field any teams that season, but may do so again in future.
East Coast Bulldogs is a newer team in the DAFL, and has not yet entered the Premier League, but plays in the DAFL Sjælland 9's.
Scania.
Due to its proximity to Denmark, the region of Scania in southern Sweden currently fields two teams in the DAFL Premier League, the Helsingborg Saints and Port Malmö Maulers. These two sides draw from a feeder league which is part of the Swedish Australian Football League.
National team.
Denmark's national representative team are known as the Vikings. They have played a number of international fixtures dating back to the 1990s.
They competed in the Australian Football International Cup in Melbourne, finishing a respectable fourth behind Ireland, Papua New Guinea and New Zealand. The Vikings withdrew from the 2005 International Cup due to lack of funds, although they returned to the 2008 International Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2904275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904275" title="Olav Reiersøl">
Olav Reiersøl

Olav Reiersøl (June 28, 1908 – February 14, 2001) was a Norwegian statistician and econometrician, who made several substantial contributions to econometrics and statistics. His works on identifiability and instrumental variables are standard references both in econometrics and statistics, and his work on genetic algebras are frequently cited in genetics.
Reiersøl became interested in the international language Esperanto at a young age, and later in life used it to keep in touch with other mathematicians. He was one of the founders of the Esperanto association "Internacia Asocio de Esperantistaj Matematikistoj" ("International Association of Esperantist Mathematicians").
He was made a fellow of the Econometric Society in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="2904287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904287" title="Sahel Region">
Sahel Region

Sahel is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. It was created on 2 July 2001 and had a population of 969,881 in 2006. The region's capital is Dori. Four provinces make up the region - Oudalan, Séno, Soum, and Yagha.

</doc>
<doc id="2904290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904290" title="El Primer Instinto">
El Primer Instinto

El Primer Instinto is an album recorded by Mexican rock band Jaguares. The album released on October 22, 2002 under the label Sony Music International. The album consists of rearranged songs from Caifanes and Jaguares, plus two new songs.
Jaguares are:
Guest artists include David Hidalgo, Eduardo Hernández, José Hernández, Chucho Merchán, David Campbell, Mariachi Sol de México, and La Internacional Sonora Santanera.

</doc>
<doc id="2904292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904292" title="Heaven Street Seven">
Heaven Street Seven

Heaven Street Seven (also known as HS7) is a Hungarian alternative rock band founded in 1995 by Krisztián Szűcs, Róbert Németh and Gyula Orbán. Later that year Gábor Balczer joined the band.
History.
In 2006 Heaven Street Seven won an EBBA Award. Every year the European Border Breakers Awards (EBBA) recognize the success of ten emerging artists or groups who reached audiences outside their own countries with their first internationally released album in the past year.

</doc>
<doc id="2904299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904299" title="AFL Canada">
AFL Canada

AFL Canada (formerly the Canadian Australian Football Association) is the governing body for men's and women's Australian rules football in Canada.
AFL Canada was formed on July 30, 2004 when the Canadian Australian Football Association changed its official name.
AFL Canada is responsible for co-ordinating three national programs - the Northwind senior men, Northern Lights senior women and the Wolfpack junior men's team. AFL Canada also oversees game development nationally and several competitions and tournaments across the country.
History.
The Canadian Australian Football Association was established in May 1989 when two clubs the Mississauga Mustangs and the Toronto Panthers were formed and played in the inaugural Conacher Cup game in Toronto, Ontario.
National teams.
AFL Canada selects the Northwind, Canada's national men's Australian rules football team. The team plays in international tournaments and exhibition matches against other countries. Northwind players are selected from the best Canadian-born players from the club teams across the country.
The Northwind's first international competition was against the USA before competing the 2002 Australian Football International Cup and finishing 9th of 11.
AFL Canada also selects the Northern Lights and the Wolfpack, Canada's national teams for women and junior men.
Australian Football International Cup.
The Northwind have competed at the Australian Football International Cup since their first appearance in 2002. The International Cup is a competition where players that are citizens of the countries who are competing are the only players allowed to play (no expatriate Australians are permitted to play, with teams composed solely of amateurs who must be nationals of the country they represent).
In the 2002 Australian Football International Cup the Canada Northwind finished 9th of 11 teams.<br>
Round 1: Ireland 7.14 (56) d. Canada 4.7 (31) - Trevor Barker Beach Oval, Sandringham, Melbourne<br>
Round 2: Canada 4.11 (38) d. South Africa 1.5 (11) <br>
Round 3: New Zealand 10.8 (68) d. Canada 2.6 (18) <br>
Round 4: USA 8.4 (52) d. Canada 1.1 (7) <br>
Round 5: Samoa 9.15 (69) d. Canada 0.5 (5) 
9th/10th Place Playoff: Canada 6.5 (41) d. Japan 5.2 (32) <br>
<br>
In the 2005 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 7th of 10 teams.<br>
Round 1: Ireland 4.7 31 d. Canada 3.5 23<br>
Round 2: Papua New Guinea 5.11 41 d. Canada 4.3 27<br>
Round 3: Samoa 7.4 46 d. Canada 6.6 42<br>
Round 4: Great Britain 3.7 25 d. 3.5 Canada 23 <br>
Qualifying Final: Canada d. Spain (Sain forfeited).
7th/8th Place Playoff: Canada 4.5 29 d. South Africa 2.6 18<br>
<br>
In the 2008 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 6th of 16 teams:<br>
Round 1: Canada Northwind 18.22 (130) d. Finland Icebreakers 0.0 (0) Western Oval<br>
Round 2: Canada Northwind 16.12 (108) d. Sweden Elks 1.1 (7) Ransford Oval<br>
Round 3: Ireland Warriors 4.6 (30) d. Canada Northwind 2.2 (14) Reid Oval<br>
Finals Round 1: Canada Northwind 7.7 (49) d. Japan Samurais 0.3 (3) Walter Oval 
5th/6th Place Playoff: Nauru Chiefs 12.8 (80) d. Canada Northwind 7.7 (49) Ransford Oval<br>
<br>
In the 2011 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 10th of 18 teams<br>
Group 6 - Match 1: Canada 2.0 (12) def. by United States 2.3 (15) Blacktown International Sportspark 2 <br>
Group 6 - Match 2: Canada 3.6 (24) def. Peres Team for Peace 0.0 (0) Blacktown International Sportspark 2 <br>
Division 1 - Group 1 - Match 1: Canada 2.3 (15) def. by Great Britain 6.8 (44) Blacktown International Sportspark 2 <br>
Division 1 - Group 1 - Match 3: New Zealand 5.9 (39) def. Canada 3.2 (20) Blacktown International Sportspark 1 <br>
Division 1 Semi-Finals: Canada 13.8 (86) def. Japan 2.1 (13) McAllister Oval 
9th/10th Place Playoff: Canada 6.4 (40) def. by Tonga 6.10 (46) Ransford Oval

</doc>
<doc id="2904304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904304" title="Citizen and consumer movements in Japan">
Citizen and consumer movements in Japan

Japanese Citizen and consumer movements, which became prominent during the 1960s and 1970s, were organized around issues relating to the quality of life, the protection of the environment from industrial pollution, and the safety (although not the cost) of consumer goods. In the late 1960s, industrial pollution, symbolized by the suffering of victims of mercury poisoning (Minamata disease) caused by the pollution of Minamata Bay in Kumamoto Prefecture by a chemical company, was viewed as a national crisis. The Sato government responded by establishing the Environment Agency in the Office of the Prime Minister in 1970, instituting tough penalties for polluters, and extending compensation to the victims of pollution. Environmental issues continue to be the focus of intense local activity. In the early 1990s, communities on Ishigaki Island in Okinawa Prefecture were divided over whether to construct a new airport to handle wide-bodied aircraft on land reclaimed from the sea. Supporters viewed the project as essential to the island's tourist development, while opponents claimed that construction would destroy offshore colonies of rare blue coral and would ruin the local fishing industry. Another environmental issue in many parts of Japan was the use of powerful chemicals on golf courses, which in some cases harmed nearby residents. 
Women's groups are in the forefront of the consumer movement. They include the National Federation of Regional Women's Associations, the Housewives Association, and the National Association of Consumer Cooperatives. Their activities depend on the support of neighborhood women's associations, the women's sections of local agricultural and fishing cooperatives, and government-sponsored consumer education groups. Although boycotts have been organized against companies making products that the groups viewed as dangerous (for example, canned foods containing carcinogenic cyclamates), they do not, for the most part, demand lower prices for food or other goods. In tandem with agricultural interests, consumer groups oppose increased food imports on the grounds that the supply is unpredictable and likely laced with dangerous additives. 

</doc>
<doc id="2904305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904305" title="Yusril Ihza Mahendra">
Yusril Ihza Mahendra

Yusril Ihza Mahendra (born February 5, 1956 in Belitung, Bangka-Belitung Islands) is an Indonesian politician. Yusril was formerly the chairman of Crescent Star Party (PBB).
Early life.
Yusril Ihza Mahendra was born on 5 February 1956 to Idris Haji Zainal and Norsiha in Manggar, Bangka Belitung. He can trace his ancestry from Johor, Malaysia; where his paternal grandfather Haji Thaib being a member of the Johore royalty. His paternal family linage settled in Belitung from Johore in the 19th century. While his mother is a third generation Minangkabau descent from the West Sumatra in Belitung.
After completing his primary and secondary education, Yusril left for Jakarta in 1976 to attend the University of Indonesia (UI). To compensate for living costs, Yusril had to lodge at various mosques in the city. In addition to that, Yusril had to find part-time work to fund his studies. Yusril took on various jobs, becoming a tutor in teaching children in reading the koran, teaching martial arts, and selling fishes and coconuts.
Throughout this period, Yusril became close with his lecturer, Professor Osman Raliby. In turn, Osman would introduce Yusril to his political hero, Mohammad Natsir. Natsir was an Islamist politician, former Prime Minister of Indonesia, and Chairman of the Masyumi Party, a major Muslim Party that had rivalled Indonesian Communist Party (PKI) in the 1950s.
Yusril also began to involve himself in organizational activities. In 1981, he became Vice Chairman of the Indonesian Youth Mosque Communication Body. A position which he held until 1982.
Academic career.
In 1982, Yusril graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Philosophy and followed it up the next year with a Bachelor's Degree in Governance. Following this, Yusril became a lecturer at the Muhammadiyah University in Jakarta (UMJ), and at the Socialization Skills Academy in the Ministry of Justice. In the meantime, Yusril attended postgraduate studies.
Yusril then went to India to attend the University of the Punjab. In 1984, Yusril graduated with a Master's Degree in Humanities and Social Science. When he returned to Indonesia, Yusril became a lecturer for University of Indonesia (UI) and UMJ. At UI, Yusril was involved in the law faculty and taught postgraduate courses.
In 1993, Yusril graduated from the University of Science, Malaysia and became a Doctor of Philosophy.
Organizational Experiences and Early Governmental Career.
Yusril's Islamist views meant that his scope was not just limited to the academic world. In 1996, Yusril became a member of the Central Committee of the Indonesian Islamic Da'wah Council (DDII). At the same time, he became Chairman of the Legal Department of the Jakarta Branch of the Union of Indonesian Intellectual Muslims (ICMI) while serving as Vice Chairman of the ICMI Council of Experts.
Also in 1996, Yusril was employed by President Suharto as a speechwriter. Yusril would go on to write 204 speeches for Suharto.
When Suharto was re-elected to his final term as President in March 1998, Yusril was appointed Aide to the Assistant of the State Secretary. From this position, Yusril was closely involved in the final moments of Suharto's Presidency. When Suharto finally decided to resign, Yusril was involved in the drafting of the resignation speech, giving input so that the speech was legally accurate. During the crucial moments, Yusril managed to have a disagreement with Suharto over the speech. Suharto wanted to declare that the cabinet was now disbanded while Yusril argued that the Cabinet would not be disbanded because it will continue under the leadership of the next President. Suharto then personally made the necessary edits. When all was set, Yusril went to see Amien Rais to inform him that Suharto was resigning. The next morning on 21 May 1998, Suharto announced his resignation.
Reformasi.
With Suharto's fall from power, opportunity opened up for Yusril to get himself into politics and air his views. As a politician, Yusril was very much influenced by Natsir and called for the Jakarta Charter to be included in the Constitution. In the 1945 Constitution, Article 29 Section 1 originally read "The State is based on the belief in God with the obligation to obey Sharia law for its adherers". However, the Section was edited to "The State is based on the belief in God" to make it sound more secular.
To achieve his political goal, Yusril formed PBB on 17 July 1998 and was elected as its first Chairman. In June 1999, PBB participated in the 1999 Legislative Elections and came 6th with 2.84% of the votes.
In the lead up to the People's Consultative Assembly (MPR) General Session, PBB joined forces with the other Muslim Parties to form the Central Axis. As the MPR assembled in 1999, the Central Axis had their support behind National Awakening Party's Abdurrahman Wahid with their opponents being Golkar's President Habibie and the Indonesian Democratic Party-Struggle's (PDI-P) Megawati Sukarnoputri. When Habibie's accountability speech was not accepted, he refused to run and the Presidential race came down to Wahid and Megawati. Yusril, perhaps worried that Wahid might also drop out of the race had himself nominated as a Presidential Candidate. However, Yusril would drop out of the race with little time to spare before the election process and Wahid would emerge as the President.
Wahid and Megawati Presidencies.
When Wahid named his National Unity Cabinet, Yusril was appointed to the position of Minister of Laws and Legislations. During the Wahid Presidency, Yusril had a major policy difference when Wahid threw up the idea of lifting the ban on Marxism-Leninism. Yusril responded by threatening to resign from his position. A threat that was widely supported by PBB. Nevertheless, Wahid's idea never materialized and despite his differences, Yusril was retained as Minister. When political pressure began to put Wahid on the defensive in early 2001, Yusril suggested during a Cabinet Meeting that Wahid resign. Wahid's response was to remove Yusril from the Cabinet.
Now out of the Cabinet, Yusril and PBB threw their weight behind all the other political parties planning to impeach Wahid through a MPR Special Session. This was achieved in July 2001 when the MPR unanimously impeached Wahid and elected Megawati to the Presidency. In Megawati's Cabinet, Yusril was appointed to the position of Minister of Justice and Human Rights. As Minister of Justice and Human Rights, Yusril worked on the Anti-Terrorism Bill (Which would become the Anti-Terrorism Act) after the 2002 Bali bombings. Yusril also sought to improve the quality of Judges in Indonesia.
2004 Elections and the Yudhoyono Presidency.
As 2004 approached, Yusril's name began to emerge as a Presidential Candidate. Yusril said that he was ready to run, provided that PBB finished in the Top 3 in the Legislative Elections. PBB failed to do this, gaining only 2% of the votes in the Legislative Elections. Yusril finally decided to support Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and Jusuf Kalla in their bid for the Presidency and the Vice Presidency. For his support, Yusril was rewarded with the position of State Secretary.
In 2005, Yusril was replaced as PBB Chairman by MS Kaban but became the Chairman of PBB's Advisory Council.
On 7 May 2007, Yusril was replaced as State Secretary by Hatta Rajasa.
Personal life.
Yusril was married with Kessy Sukaesih, and they have four children's, which is Yuri Kemal Fadlullah, Kenia Khairunissa, Meilany Alissa and Ali Reza Mahendra. He divorced Sukaesih in November 2005.
Less than one year after that, he married with Rika Tolentino Kato in September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2904306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904306" title="George W. Guthrie">
George W. Guthrie

George Wilkins Guthrie (September 5, 1848 – March 8, 1917), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1906 to 1909 and then was United States Ambassador to Japan.
Early life.
George Wilkins Guthrie was born in Pittsburgh on September 5, 1848 to John B. Guthrie and Catherine Murray Guthrie. Guthrie attended public school in Pittsburgh, then the Western University of Pennsylvania, where he graduated in 1866. Next, he studied law at the Columbian College for three years, at which point he was admitted to the bar (in Washington, DC and in Allegheny County on November 5, 1869). He became an attorney and started an involvement in reform issues during an era of increasing government corruption and largess. On December 2, 1886, he married Florence Julia Howe Guthrie, daughter of General Thomas Marshall Howe of Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh politics.
Guthrie, a Democrat, ran for mayor of Pittsburgh in 1896 and was defeated narrowly by Henry P. Ford. Guthrie was elected mayor in 1906 and immediately started instituting city policies to stem local corruption, and while working locally he also pushed for statewide reforms. Guthrie is best remembered for two accomplishments. First, for the success of the legislation he and D.T. Watson, the famous corporate lawyer, created which led to the merger between Pittsburgh and Allegheny City in 1906. This consolidation, legally controversial and unpopular among Allegheny residents withstood challenges in the Pennsylvania and United States Supreme Courts, and made the new Greater Pittsburgh the sixth largest city in the United States. Second, the implementation of a water filtration system during Guthrie's term significantly reduced the incidence of typhoid in Pittsburgh.
The first filtered water, cleaned in a slow sand filter, was delivered on December 18, 1907, and by October 3, 1908, the entire water supply of Pittsburgh was being filtered. Guthrie's term was noted for a significant decline in the city's death rate due to improvement in public health. The rate had been among the highest in America's northern cities, around 20 per 1,000 inhabitants, a level at which it had been stuck for 20 years. By the end of his term, the rate had fallen to 16 per 1,000, the lowest in Pittsburgh's history to that point. Notable declines were seen in incidences of typhoid fever.
Later life.
After leaving office, Guthrie was appointed United States Ambassador to Japan on May 20, 1913. He was accredited as special Ambassador and represented the President and the people of the United States at the funeral of the Dowager Empress of Japan on April 7, 1914, and was the personal representative of President Wilson at the coronation of the Emperor of Japan on September 30, 1915. He died while at that post in Tokyo in 1917, after collapsing while playing golf with an American reporter. The Japanese government sent the armored cruiser to return his body to San Francisco as a mark of respect. He was Vice President and Trustee of the Dollar Savings Bank of Pittsburgh, a Trustee of the University of Pittsburgh, a member of the Board of Managers of St. Margaret's Memorial Hospital and the Kingsley House Association, a member of the Pittsburgh Chamber of Commerce, and the Pittsburgh and Duquesne Golf Clubs. He was internationally known for his activities in Masonic bodies and served as Past Grand Master of Pennsylvania Masons. He is buried in Allegheny Cemetery.
Honors.
Guthrie Street in the Pittsburgh neighborhood of Regent Square was constructed in 1910 and named in the Mayor's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2904320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904320" title="Crónicas de un Laberinto">
Crónicas de un Laberinto

Crónicas de un Laberinto is the fifth album recorded by Mexican rock band Jaguares. The LP was released on May 27, 2005 under the label Sony Music International.
Jaguares are:
Guest artists include: Adrian Belew (guitar, chorus, koto and keyboards), Federico Fong (bass), and Leonardo Muñoz (percussions and programming).

</doc>
<doc id="2904324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904324" title="Sodium sorbate">
Sodium sorbate

Sodium sorbate is the sodium salt of sorbic acid.
Formula is NaC6H7O2; systematic name is "sodium ("E","E")-hexa-2,4-dienoate".
It is a food additive with E-number E201.

</doc>
<doc id="2904325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904325" title="Sud-Ouest Region (Burkina Faso)">
Sud-Ouest Region (Burkina Faso)

Sud-Ouest is one of Burkina Faso's 13 administrative regions. It was created on 2 July 2001 and had a population of 624,056 in 2006. It covers an area of 16 202 km². The region's capital is Gaoua. Four provinces make up the region – Bougouriba, Ioba, Noumbiel, and Poni.

</doc>
<doc id="2904328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904328" title="RDMS">
RDMS

RDMS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2904330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904330" title="Tumpat">
Tumpat

Tumpat is a town and a district (jajahan) in Kelantan, Malaysia. Tumpat is situated at the end of the "East Coast Line" train line operated by Keretapi Tanah Melayu (Malayan Railways) which links Kelantan to the western part of Peninsular Malaysia. This strategic location makes it the transportation hub of Kelantan. Tumpat town is approximately 15 km from the state capital, Kota Bharu.
Demographics.
Tumpat has a population about 168,600 (2009), with the majority being the Malays.
Ranking Population Jajahan Tumpat.

</doc>
<doc id="2904331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904331" title="Potassium sorbate">
Potassium sorbate

Potassium sorbate is the potassium salt of sorbic acid, chemical formula CH3CH=CH-CH=CH-CO2K. It is a white salt that is very soluble in water (58.2% at 20 °C). It is primarily used as a food preservative (E number 202). Potassium sorbate is effective in a variety of applications including food, wine, and personal care products. While sorbic acid is naturally occurring in some berries, virtually all of the world's production of sorbic acid, from which potassium sorbate is derived, is manufactured synthetically.
Production.
Potassium sorbate is produced industrially by neutralizing sorbic acid with potassium hydroxide. The precursor sorbic acid is produced in a two-step process via the condensation of crotonaldehyde and ketene.
Uses.
Potassium sorbate is used to inhibit molds and yeasts in many foods, such as cheese, wine, yogurt, dried meats, apple cider, soft drinks and fruit drinks, and baked goods. It is used in the preparation of items such as Sweet maple syrup and Milk shakes served by fast food conglomerates such as Mc Donalds. It can also be found in the ingredients list of many dried fruit products. In addition, herbal dietary supplement products generally contain potassium sorbate, which acts to prevent mold and microbes and to increase shelf life, and is used in quantities at which there are no known adverse health effects, over short periods of time. Labeling of this preservative on ingredient statements reads as "potassium sorbate" or "E202". Also, it is used in many personal care products to inhibit the development of microorganisms for shelf stability. Some manufacturers are using this preservative as a replacement for parabens. Tube feeding of potassium sorbate reduces gastric burden of pathogenic bacteria.
Also known as "wine stabilizer", potassium sorbate produces sorbic acid when added to wine. It serves two purposes. When active fermentation has ceased and the wine is racked for the final time after clearing, potassium sorbate will render any surviving yeast incapable of multiplying. Yeast living at that moment can continue fermenting any residual sugar into CO2 and alcohol, but when they die no new yeast will be present to cause future fermentation. When a wine is sweetened before bottling, potassium sorbate is used to prevent refermentation when used in conjunction with potassium metabisulfite. It is primarily used with sweet wines, sparkling wines, and some hard ciders but may be added to table wines which exhibit difficulty in maintaining clarity after fining.
Some molds (notably some "Trichoderma" and "Penicillium" strains) and yeasts are able to detoxify sorbates by decarboxylation, producing piperylene (1,3-pentadiene). The pentadiene manifests as a typical odor of kerosene or petroleum.
Toxicology.
Potassium sorbate is a skin, eye and respiratory irritant. Although some research implies it has a long term safety record, in vitro studies have shown that it is both genotoxic and mutagenic to human blood cells. Potassium sorbate is found to be toxic to human DNA in peripheral blood lymphocytes, and hence found that it negatively affects immunity. It is often used with ascorbic acid and iron salts as they increase its effectiveness but this tends to form mutagenic compounds that damage DNA molecules.
Typical usage rates of potassium sorbate are 0.025% to 0.1% (see sorbic acid), which in a 100 g serving yields intake of 25 mg to 100 mg. Acceptable daily intakes for human is 12.5 mg/kg, or 875 mg daily for an average adult (70 kg), according to FAO/World Health Organization Expert Committee on Food Additives.

</doc>
<doc id="2904341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904341" title="Luciano Zauri">
Luciano Zauri

Luciano Zauri (born 20 January 1978 in Pescina) is an Italian footballer who plays for Pescara.
Career.
Atalanta.
Zauri made his debut in Serie A in the 1996–97 season with Atalanta in a 4–0 loss at home to Roma.
He spent the following season with Chievo Verona before returning to Bergamo with Atalanta in the 1998–99 season. Zauri then spent the following five seasons with Atalanta, three of which were in Serie A and two in Serie B.
Lazio.
In 2003, following Atalanta's relegation, Zauri, along with teammate Ousmane Dabo, was sold to Lazio, Lazio paid €5.65 million to acquire Zauri. With Lazio, Zauri won the 2003–04 edition of the Coppa Italia.
He became a regular at Lazio and evolved into a leader on the pitch. In January 2007, following the sale of World Cup winner and captain Massimo Oddo to Milan, Zauri was chosen as the new captain.
Zauri played a pivotal role in helping the club reach the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League and scored his first goal in the competition in the 1–1 draw to Olympiacos. His contract with Lazio expired in the summer of 2007, and then he was offered a new 5-year contract and eventually re-signed with the club.
In the summer of 2008, he was loaned to Fiorentina with the option to buy out the player. He played all 10 European matches for "Viola".
Sampdoria.
On 10 July 2009, Zauri moved to Sampdoria on a loan deal with the option to buy out the player. He played in the right back position ahead Marius Stankevičius but sometimes moved to left back, likes the 0–2 lost to ACF Fiorentina in September, ahead Reto Ziegler as left back and Stankevičius as starting right back.
Zauri returned to Lazio on 1 July 2010 and played a few friendlies for the club, as fullback Aleksandar Kolarov was sold. Sampdora loaned him in again on 19 August. As a consequence Marius Stankevičius was loaned to Valencia from Genoa.
International career.
Zauri has made five appearances with the Italian national team. He made his "Azzurri" debut on 5 September 2001 against Morocco. He then played the first match after the 2002 FIFA World Cup, a friendly match against Slovenia. He also played twice at UEFA Euro 2004 qualifying matches as a starter in October 2002. However, after he played the friendly match against Turkey on 20 November 2002, he never played for "Azzurri" again, although he was called up to the first match after the 2006 FIFA World Cup, a friendly match against Croatia, by new coach Roberto Donadoni.

</doc>
<doc id="2904344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904344" title="Pulsatilla vulgaris">
Pulsatilla vulgaris

Pulsatilla vulgaris (pasque flower, pasqueflower, common pasque flower, Dane's blood) is a species of flowering plant belonging to the buttercup family (Ranunculaceae), found locally on calcareous grassland in Europe. It used to be considered part of the "Anemone" genus, to which it is closely related.
Description.
This is an herbaceous perennial plant. It develops upright rhizomes, which function as food-storage organs. Its leaves and stems are long, soft, silver-grey and hairy. It grows to 15–30 cm high and when it is fruit-bearing up to 40 cm. The roots go deep into the soil (to 1 m). The finely-dissected leaves are arranged in a rosette and appear with the bell-shaped flower in early spring. The purple flowers are followed by distinctive silky seed-heads which can persist on the plant for many months.
The flower is 'cloaked in myth'; one legend has it that Pasque flowers sprang up in places that had been soaked by the blood of Romans or Danes because they often appear on old barrows and boundary banks.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Designation.
It is classified as a Priority Species in the UK Biodiversity Action Plan and as Vulnerable in Britain on the Red Data List.
Location.
It grows in sparsely wooded pine forests or meadows, often on a sunny sloping side with calcium-rich soil. A large colony occurs on publicly accessible land in the Cotswolds, at the Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust's Pasqueflower reserve.
Additional general information.
It is the county flower of the English counties of Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire.
Varieties.
While the main variety of "Pulsatilla vulgaris" has purplish flowers; variants include red (Rubra) and white (Alba) forms (see images).

</doc>
<doc id="2904348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904348" title="Bernhard Romberg">
Bernhard Romberg

Bernhard Heinrich Romberg (November 13, 1767 – August 13, 1841), was a German cellist and composer.
Life.
Romberg was born in Dinklage. His father, Anton Romberg, played the bassoon and cello and gave Bernhard his first cello lessons. He first performed in public at the age of seven. In addition to touring Europe with his cousin Andreas Romberg, Bernhard Romberg also joined the Münster Court Orchestra.
Together with his cousin, he later joined the court orchestra of the Prince Elector Archbishop of Cologne in Bonn (conducted by the Kapellmeister Andrea Luchesi) in 1790, where they met the young Beethoven. Beethoven admired and respected Bernhard Romberg as a musician. However, Romberg had difficulty understanding some of Beethoven's musical ideas, and rejected Beethoven's offer of a cello concerto for him, saying that he primarily performed his own compositions
Romberg made several innovations in cello design and performance. He lengthened the cello's fingerboard and flattened the side under the C string, thus giving it more freedom to vibrate. He also invented what is known as the Romberg bevel, a flat section beneath the E string of the double bass that allowed the larger string to vibrate more freely when using a bow. This design is still used today, mainly by rockabilly bass players who prefer the bottom E string to vibrate more freely. He suggested that half-size and 3/4 size cellos should be designed to make it easier for young children to play the instrument. Romberg is responsible for simplifying cello notation to only three clefs, the bass clef, the tenor clef and the treble clef. Until his time, it was common to use many clefs for multiple uses - the 18th century cellist-composer Luigi Boccherini used as many as six clefs in his compositions. Romberg is thought to be among the first cellists to perform from memory, which was a skill praised highly in his day. He died at Hamburg.
It has been suggested that Romberg's cello sonata in E minor was a strong influence on the first cello sonata in E minor by Johannes Brahms.

</doc>
<doc id="2904353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904353" title="Auguste Vacquerie">
Auguste Vacquerie

Auguste Vacquerie (1819-1895) was a French journalist and man of letters.
Biography.
Vacquerie was born at Villequier (Seine-Maritime) on 19 November 1819. He was from his earliest days an admirer of Victor Hugo, with whom he was connected by the marriage of his brother Charles with Léopoldine Hugo. His earlier romantic productions include a volume of poems, "L'Enfer de l'esprit" (1840); a translation of the "Antigone" (1844) in collaboration with Paul Meurice; and "Tragaldabas" (1848), a melodrama. He was one of the principal contributors to the journal "L'Événement" and followed Hugo into his exile in Jersey in 1852, where he took photographs of the Hugo family and relatives. In 1869 he returned to Paris, and with Meurice and others founded the anti-imperial "Rappel". His articles in this paper were more than once the occasion of legal proceedings. After 1870 he became editor of "Rappel".
His other works include "Souvent homme varie" (1859), a comedy in verse; "Jean Baudry" (1863), the most successful of his plays; "Aujourd'hui et demain" (1875); "Futura" (pub. 1900), and poems on philosophical and humanitarian subjects. He published a collected edition of his plays in 1879 and a collection of essays in 1885.
Vacquerie died in Paris on 19 February 1895.
In the year of his death, the rue Auguste-Vacquerie, in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2904362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904362" title="Isaacs">
Isaacs

Isaacs may refer to:
People with the surname Isaacs:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="2904368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904368" title="Fictional brand">
Fictional brand

A fictional brand is a non-existing brand used in artistic or entertainment productions – paintings, books, comics, movies, TV serials, etc. The fictional brand may be designed to imitate a real corporate brand, satirize a real corporate brand, or differentiate itself from real corporate brands. Such a device may be required where real corporations are unwilling to license their brand names for use in the fictional work, particularly where the work holds the product in a negative light. More recently, Muzellec, Lynn and Lambkin have shown that fictional brands may be used for commercial purposes through the process of reverse product placement. 
Their paper considers the case of Duff Beer and Bertie Bott’s Every Flavour Beans and reveals that consumers'attachment to those brands in the fictional world may be leveraged through “defictionalisation” or “productisation” in the real world. Muzellec, Lynn and Lambkin suggest the fictional brands represent brand potential rather than brand reality; they are in effect, “protobrands”. They propose that “protobrands” can be leveraged and transformed into registered trademarks which can derive revenue for their owners through reverse product placement or, more accurately, reverse brand placement.
Some fictional brands have crossed over from the fictional world in which they initially reside to become real products. These includes Harry Potter’s Bertie Botts’ Every Flavour Beans, now available as real candy manufactured by the Jelly Belly Company and Duff Beer, a beer brand now available for consumption in Europe which initially appeared in the “The Simpsons”. The trend seems to be on the increasing as in 2012, some prominent fictional brands have come to life as real products: Staples Inc. has now started selling its own product of manufactured paper under the "Dunder Mifflin" name under license from NBC's parent company, Comcast. Dunder Mifflin is the paper company of the famous TV show "The Office". Dunder Mifflin paper is now available on Staples' website Quill.com. 
Why create fictional brands?
Works of fiction often mention or show specific brands to give more realism to the plot or scenery. Specific brands provide descriptive details that the author can use to craft a plot: a character may own a factory that manufactures a popular product, or may make a scene by demanding a particular brand; a detective may get clues from the brand of cigarettes smoked by a suspect; a film may include a commercial poster on the background, or show a package of cereal in close-up.
However, unauthorized use of real trademarks for such purposes could trigger legal action by their owners – especially if the brands are referenced in a way that could be seen to have negative marketing impact. In general, the use of a real brand requires prior written consent by the brand's owner, who will typically demand some control on the brand's use. These hassles are probably the main reason for the use of fictional brands.
Real brands "are" often used, of course. Sometimes a specific brand is needed because of its prior associations; e.g. the Coca-Cola machine scene in Kubrick's "Dr. Strangelove" would not work with any other real or fictional brand (except possibly Pepsi). Sometimes the author will use a common brand only to make the scene more natural or create a specific ambience. More commonly, such uses are instances of product placement – the insertion of "casual" (but actually paid and intentional) positive references to brands in movies, television programming, games, and books. However, this practice is so widespread in the entertainment industry that it gives authors another reason to avoid the use of real brands: any such reference would be suspected by the public of being paid advertising, and could diminish the artistic or intellectual merit of the work.
Another advantage to a fictional brand is that all its specifications can be invented. In this sense, an author can invent a model or brand of car, for which he can make up details. That way, he doesn't have to go look up specifications on a car, which would take time and effort- he could just make them up.
Sometimes, usually on television or movies, a real brand would not be permitted due to restrictions in advertising particular products, especially cigarettes and alcohol. Usually a fictional brand would be created that bears some resemblance to a real brand.
Television programs made in Canada for the Canadian market are not permitted to show or mention real brand names except in certain specific circumstances. The CRTC's prohibition of product placement exists primarily to prevent producers from accepting payola, especially if accepting it affects creative control or leads producers to attempt to deceive the audience (by, for instance, implying that X Brand Olive Oil is the best brand because the host uses it). In some instances (especially cooking and home improvement shows) brand names are merely inked, taped, or edited out; in dramatic presentations, however, fake brand names may be used. The restriction does not apply to news or current affairs programs when mention of the brand is necessary to fairly and fully present the subject matter, and it does not apply to televised sporting events, where branding may be beyond the station's control. Programs produced outside of Canada are not subject to these rules.
Yet another reason to use a fictional brand is that sometimes a product is itself a major "character" in the plot, and using a real brand would limit creativity as the author would be constrained by the actual attributes of that brand. A subset of this is comedic brands, the most famous being "Acme" for the maker of complicated gadgets that never quite work.
Finally, the use of a real brand may be excluded also when the plot is meant to develop in a time or place (e.g. in a distant future, or in a fictional universe) where the real brand would not have existed anyway. Alternately, made-up brands are often more humorous than real brands, which is why a lot of cartoons and sitcoms prefer them.
Fictional brands lists.
Please make additions to these lists there, and not on this article.

</doc>
<doc id="2904373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904373" title="Frederick St John, 2nd Viscount Bolingbroke">
Frederick St John, 2nd Viscount Bolingbroke

Frederick St John, 2nd Viscount Bolingbroke, 3rd Viscount St John was born on 21 December 1732. His father was John St John, 2nd Viscount St John, half-brother of Henry St John, 1st Viscount Bolingbroke(1678–1751). His mother was Anne Furnese.
Biography.
Bolingbroke was educated at Eton College, Berkshire. He succeeded to the title of 3rd Baron St John of Battersea on 19 June 1748. He succeeded to the title of 3rd Viscount St John on 26 November 1748.
"Bully," as he was called by his contemporaries, is best known for his extravagant lifestyle and the racehorses he bred. On 8 September 1757 he married Lady Diana Spencer, elder daughter of the Duke of Marlborough after making a joking proposal to her in one of London's pleasure gardens. Bolingbroke's insistence on maintaining a bachelor's lifestyle (which included lavish spending, a string of mistresses, heavy drinking and gambling) after their marriage, coupled with verbal and, possibly, physical spousal abuse, led to a bitter separation between Bully and the popular and artistic Lady Diana. Bolingbroke brought divorce proceedings against his wife for her criminal conversation with Topham Beauclerk, with whom she bore a child. The Bolingbroke divorce is notable for being streamlined compared to similar proceedings and thus is credited with easing the way for noble divorces in the 19th century.
Things worsened for Viscount Bolingbroke after his divorce. The damages he won from Beauclerk were paltry compared to the mountain of debt he acquired. Rather than economize he chose to sell his prized racehorse. Even before his divorce his tight finances led to his sponsoring changes in law that allowed inheritors to sell off family properties. Once the law was passed he set about selling property that had been in his family for centuries. In 1763 he sold the estate of Battersea, Surrey to Viscount Spencer. Eventually, he begged for and received a post as Lord of the Bedchamber in the court of King George III—a post he'd previously held while still married to Lady Diana, but given up due to a combination of disinterest and indolence. In the meantime he never stopped searching for an heiress old enough or unattractive enough (and therefore desperate to marry) to wed a man of questionable finances and reputation. This led to laughable "courtships" with well-bred spinsters, including one who herself had lost her fortune to gambling.
Viscount Bolingbroke found himself overshadowed by his wife even after their marriage ended. Bolingbroke was not especially popular outside of a certain set while Lady Diana's circle included the eccentric and intelligent Dr Samuel Johnson and the fashionable political hostess Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire.
He died on 5 May 1787, aged 54.
Quotes.
Lord Chesterfield said:
Cokayne and Gibbs said,

</doc>
<doc id="2904375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904375" title="Amédée Baillot de Guerville">
Amédée Baillot de Guerville

Amédée Baillot de Guerville, or A.B. de Guerville (1869–1913), was a free-lance war correspondent, editor, and commercial agent, most frequently cited for his travel writing. He was best known in his day for his staunch defense of Japan in the aftermath of the alleged Port Arthur Massacre of November 1894.
A.B. de Guerville was born the son of Paul-Louis-Amédée Baillot, clerk, commercial agent, and teacher of the French language, and his third wife, Antoinette Luce. He immigrated to the United States from his native France in 1887. 
In 1894 de Guerville returned to Asia, banking on contacts he had made during the brief time he spent there in 1892 to secure an assignment as special correspondent covering the Sino-Japanese War, then known simply as the China-Japan War, for the "New York Herald" under the direction of James Gordon Bennett, Jr.. His primary competition was James Creelman, writing for The "New York World". Creelman and Baillot came to journalistic blows regarding the massacre of Chinese civilians by Japanese troops at the Chinese city of Port Arthur on November 20–21, 1894. While Creelman, and other correspondents present, described a widescale and cold-blooded massacre, de Guerville alleged in the pages of the "New York Herald" that no such massacre had occurred. 
In 1898, de Guerville became part-owner and manager of the "The Illustrated American", a New York monthly periodical. The offices of the journal were gutted by fire in 1899 and shortly thereafter, but not necessarily as a result of the fire, de Guerville left the United States for his native France never to return. In his version of events, the onset of a heretofore latent tuberculosis was the cause of his departure. By his own account, de Guerville experienced a near miraculous recovery from his tuberculosis while a patient at the pioneering Nordach Clinic for consumptives in Germany's Black Forest region. Thereafter he continued to travel and write for a short while, producing his memoirs of his experiences in the Far East entitled "Au Japon" (1904), in which he admitted that the massacre had occurred while insisting it was Japanese coolies who had done the butchering. He also wrote a well-received travelogue of British Egypt entitled "New Egypt" (1906). While in Egypt in 1906, A.B. de Guerville claimed to be the first man to race up the Nile in his motor-boat. In the last years of his life de Guerville was reported to have lived in Lausanne, Switzerland. During these latter years he also purchased land from in Valecluse in the south of France, where he is credited with developiing the land and expanding their golf course. He died in 1913, likely of the tuberculosis from which he claimed to have been cured. He is buried in the Alphonse Karr Cemetery in Saint-Raphaël, France.
De Guerville married Laura Belle Spraker, scion of a well-established New York family, in 1896 in New York City. In 1900 Mrs. A.B. de Guerville filed for bankruptcy and divorce. 

</doc>
<doc id="2904390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904390" title="Web content">
Web content

Web content is the textual, visual or aural content that is encountered as part of the user experience on websites. It may include, among other things: text, images, sounds, videos and animations.
In "Information Architecture for the World Wide Web", Lou Rosenfeld and Peter Morville write, "We define content broadly as 'the stuff in your Web site.' This may include documents, data, applications, e-services, images, audio and video files, personal Web pages, archived e-mail messages, and more. And we include future stuff as well as present stuff."
Beginnings of web content.
While the Internet began with a U.S. Government research project in the late 1950s, the web in its present form did not appear on the Internet until after Tim Berners-Lee and his colleagues at the European laboratory (CERN) proposed the concept of linking documents with hypertext. But it was not until Mosaic, the forerunner of the famous Netscape Navigator, appeared that the Internet become more than a file serving system.
The use of hypertext, hyperlinks and a page-based model of sharing information, introduced with Mosaic and later Netscape, helped to define web content, and the formation of websites. Today, we largely categorize websites as being a particular type of website according to the content a website contains.
The page concept.
Web content is dominated by the "page" concept, its beginnings in an academic settings, and in a setting dominated by type-written pages, the idea of the web was to link directly from one academic paper to another academic paper. This was a completely revolutionary idea in the late 1980s and early 1990s when the best a link could be made was to cite a reference in the midst of a type written paper and name that reference either at the bottom of the page or on the last page of the academic paper.
When it was possible for any person to write and own a Mosaic page, the concept of a "home page" blurred the idea of a page. It was possible for anyone to own a "Web page" or a "home page" which in many cases the website contained many physical pages in spite of being called "a page". People often cited their "home page" to provide credentials, links to anything that a person supported, or any other individual content a person wanted to publish.
Even though "the web" may be the resource we commonly use to "get to" particular locations online, many different protocols are invoked to access embedded information. When we are given an address, such as http://www.youtube.com, we expect to see a range of web pages, but in each page we have embedded tools to watch "video clips".
HTML web content.
Even though we may embed various protocols within web pages, the "web page" composed of "html" (or some variation) content is still the dominant way whereby we share content. And while there are many web pages with localized proprietary structure (most usually, business websites), many millions of websites abound that are structured according to a common core idea.
Blogs are a type of website that contain mainly web pages authored in html (although the blogger may be totally unaware that the web pages are composed using html due to the blogging tool that may be in use). Millions of people use blogs online; a blog is now the new "home page", that is, a place where a persona can reveal personal information, and/or build a concept as to who this persona is. Even though a blog may be written for other purposes, such as promoting a business, the core of a blog is the fact that it is written by a "person" and that person reveals information from her/his perspective.
Search engine sites are composed mainly of html content, but also has a typically structured approach to revealing information. A search engine results page (SERP) displays a heading, usually the name of the search engine, and then a list of websites and their addresses. What is being listed are the results from a query that may be defined as keywords. The results page lists webpages that are connected in some way with those keywords used in the query.
Discussion boards are sites composed of "textual" content organized by html or some variation that can be viewed in a web browser. The driving mechanism of a discussion board is the fact that users are registered and once registered can write posts. Often a discussion board is made up of posts asking some type of question to which other users may provide answers to those questions.
Ecommerce sites are largely composed of textual material and embedded with graphics displaying a picture of the item(s) for sale. However, there are extremely few sites that are composed page-by-page using some variant of HTML. Generally, webpages are composed as they are being served from a database to a customer using a web browser. However, the user sees the mainly text document arriving as a webpage to be viewed in a web browser. Ecommerce sites are usually organized by software we identify as a "shopping cart".
A wider view of web content.
While there are many millions of pages that are predominantly composed of HTML, or some variation, in general we view data, applications, E-Services, images (graphics), audio and video files, personal web pages, archived e-mail messages, and many more forms of file and data systems as belonging to websites and web pages.
While there are many hundreds of ways to deliver information on a website, there is a common body of knowledge of search engine optimization that needs to be read as an advisory of ways that anything but text should be delivered. Currently search engines are text based and are one of the common ways people using a browser locate sites of interest.
Content is king.
The phrase can be interpreted to mean that - without original and desirable content, or consideration for the rights and commercial interests of content creators - any media venture is likely to fail through lack of appealing content, regardless of other design factors.
Content can mean any creative work, such as text, graphics, images or video.
"Content is King" is a current meme when organizing or building a website (although Andrew Odlyzko in "Content is Not King" argues otherwise). Text content is particularly important for search engine placement. Without original text content, most search engines will be unable to match search terms to the content of a site. 
Content management.
Because websites are often complex, a term "content management" appeared in the late 1990s identifying a method or in some cases a tool to organize all the diverse elements to be contained on a website. Content management often means that within a business there is a range of people who have distinct roles to do with content management, such as content author, editor, publisher, and administrator. But it also means there may be a content management system whereby each of the different roles are organized to provide their assistance in operating the system and organizing the information for a website. A business may also employ various content protection measures, which are typically technologies used to attempt to frustrate copying without permission.
Even though a business may organize to collect, contain and represent that information online, content needs organization in such a manner to provide the reader (browser) with an overall "customer experience" that is easy to use, the site can be navigated with ease, and the website can fulfill the role assigned to it by the business, that is, to sell to customers, or to market products and services, or to inform customers.
Geo targeting of web content.
Geo targeting of web content in internet marketing and geo marketing is the method of determining the geolocation (the physical location) of a website visitor with geolocation software and delivering different content to that visitor based on his or her location, such as country, region/state, city, metro code/zip code, organization, Internet Protocol (IP) address, ISP or other criteria.
Different content by choice.
A typical example for different content by choice in geo targeting is the FedEx website at FedEx.com where users have the choice to select their country location first and are then presented with different site or article content depending on their selection.
Automated different content.
With automated different content in internet marketing and geomarketing the delivery of different content based on the geographical geolocation and other personal information is automated.

</doc>
<doc id="2904391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904391" title="Soviet cruiser Chervona Ukraina">
Soviet cruiser Chervona Ukraina

Chervona Ukraina (Ukrainian: "Червона Україна" — "Red Ukraine") was a light cruiser of the Soviet Navy assigned to the Black Sea Fleet. During World War II, she supported Soviet forces during the Sieges of Odessa and Sevastopol before being sunk at Sevastopol on 12 November 1941 by German aircraft. She was raised in 1947 and was used as a training hulk before becoming a target ship in 1950.
Description.
"Chervona Ukraina" displaced at deep load. The ship had an overall length of , a beam of and a mean draught of about . She was powered by four Curtiss-AEG steam turbines, each driving one shaft, which developed a total of and gave a maximum speed of . The engines were powered by 14 Yarrow water-tube boilers. Four were coal-fired while the rest were mixed-firing. The ship carried a maximum of of coal and an additional of fuel oil that was sprayed on the coal to increase its burn rate in the mixed-firing boilers. At full capacity, she could steam for at a speed of . "Chervona Ukraina" was designed to carry about 630 officers and men.
The ship's main armament consisted of fifteen 55-calibre /55 B7 Pattern 1913 guns in single mounts, six of which were mounted in casemates. Her anti-aircraft armament consisted of four guns. "Chervona Ukraina" also mounted twelve above-water torpedo tubes in triple swivelling mounts.
"Chervona Ukraina"s waterline belt consisted of of Krupp cemented armour and above it was an upper belt thick. The gun shields were protected by of armour. Each of the armoured decks was thick. The armour of the conning tower was thick.
Service history.
She was laid down on 3 October 1913 as "Admiral Nakhimov" after Pavel Nakhimov and launched on 6 November 1915. Construction was abandoned in 1917 during the October Revolution when the ship was about 80% complete. In the second half of 1918, the Marine Department of Hetman Pavlo Skoropadskyi restarted construction of the ship. On 25 January 1919, the ship was formally renamed "Hetman Bogdan Khmelnitsky", but Nikolayev was captured shortly afterward by the Entente.
At the start of the Russian Civil War, the ship was run aground at the fitting dock in Nikolayev by the shipyard workers to hinder the evacuation by the Whites in 1919. The ship was raised by the Soviets in 1920 pending a decision on her disposition. The ship was renamed to "Chervona Ukraina" on 7 December 1922. It was decided to finish her in 1923 and the job was completed in 1927 to nearly the original design. She was modified to handle aircraft by adding cranes on either side of the middle funnel and a parking area was built for them between the central and rear funnels, although no catapult was ever fitted. The original internal torpedo tubes were replaced by four triple torpedo tubes mounted on the deck abaft the rear funnel.
"Chervona Ukraina" made a number of port visits to Turkey, Greece and Italy before World War II. She was extensively overhauled between 26 August 1939 and 1 May 1941 where her aircraft equipment was removed and she was fitted with new fire control equipment. The ship was given three Italian "Minizini" twin-gun 50 caliber anti-aircraft mounts, one was placed on the forecastle, in front of the forward /55 B7 Pattern 1913 gun and the other two on each side of the quarterdeck. One torpedo tube mount was removed from each side and four single mounts for the semi-automatic "21-K" gun were fitted as well as seven AA machine guns.
World War II.
"Chervona Ukraina", in company with the cruisers "Krasny Kavkaz", "Komintern" and a number of destroyers, laid down a defensive mine barrage protecting the Black Sea Fleet base at Sevastopol on 22 June 1941. She provided gunfire support to Soviet forces during the Siege of Odessa and escorted convoys bringing the 157th Rifle Division into Odessa during the month of September 1941. She escorted convoys from Odessa to Sevastopol in October when the evacuation of Odessa was ordered. During the Siege of Sevastopol "Chervona Ukraina" provided gunfire support and evacuated cut-off troops from elsewhere in the Crimea into Sevastopol and brought in reinforcements from Caucasian ports. She was hit three times in the South Bay of Sevastopol by bombs from German Junkers Ju 87 Stuka dive-bombers from II./StG 77 on 12 November 1941, but didn't sink until the next day after her crew was ordered to abandon her. Her guns were salvaged and most of the guns and crew were incorporated into the port's defenses, although two of her twin "Minizini" turrets were added to "Krasny Kavkaz".
She was raised on 3 November 1947, repaired, and used as a training hulk until 30 October 1950 when she became a target ship. On 10 May 1952, "Chervona Ukraina" was grounded on a spit to serve as a fixed target; by 1980 there was nothing left of the ship above the surface.

</doc>
<doc id="2904401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904401" title="Barbuda People's Movement for Change">
Barbuda People's Movement for Change

The Barbuda People's Movement for Change is a political party in Barbuda, part of Antigua and Barbuda. 
At the last elections, 23 March 2004, the party contested the sole seat allotted to Barbuda (in total there are 17 seats in the parliament). The election ended in a draw between BPMC and the Barbuda People's Movement, which both got exactly 400 votes. A by-election was held on April 20 in which Trevor Walker of BPM was elected with 408 votes against 394 for the BPMC candidate Arthur Nibbs.
Ahead of the elections former BPMC general secretary, Ordrick Samuel had launched a new party, Barbudans for a Better Barbuda.
BPMC is allied to the Antigua Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2904404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904404" title="Rurales">
Rurales

Rurales (Spanish for "Rurals") was the name commonly used to designate the Mexican Guardia Rural ("Rural Guard"): a force of mounted police or gendarmerie that existed between 1861 and 1914. In modern Mexico the name is applied to members of the part-time Rural Defense Corps.
Rural Guard.
The "Guardia Rural" was established as a federal constabulary by the Liberal regime of Benito Juárez in 1861. This mounted rural police force became best known during the long rule of President Porfirio Díaz (1877–1911). 
Origins.
As originally constituted under Juárez the "Rurales" lacked the numbers and organisation to effectively control the banditry widespread in Mexico during the 1860s and 1870s. The concept of an armed and mobile rural police organized on military lines, was derived from Spain's Civil Guard (""Guardia Civil""). Established in 1844 the Spanish Guardia had quickly won a reputation as an effective but often oppressive force.
French Intervention.
The existing Corps of Rurales was absorbed into the Republican Army and irregular forces opposing the French intervention of 1862–1867. However the Imperial regime of Archduke Maximilian (1862–1867) created a parallel force known as the "Resguardo", which by October 1865 numbered 12,263; indicating that the concept of a rural mounted police force had become well established. Following the Republican victory, "Los Cuerpos Rurales" were re-established. 
Under Porfirio Diaz.
President Porfirio Díaz had expanded the "Rurales" from a few hundred men to nearly 2,000 by 1889 as part of his programme of modernization and (eventually) repression. Initially some captured bandits were forcibly inducted into the "Rurales", as had been the case under Juárez. The system of recruitment however subsequently became a more conventional one of volunteer enlistment. Officers were usually seconded from the Federal Army. The "Rurales" were heavily armed, carrying sabers, carbines, lassos and pistols. They were divided into ten corps, each comprising three companies of about 76 men. 
The Porfirian regime deliberately fostered the image of the "Rurales" as a ruthless and efficient organization which - under the notorious "ley fuga" ("law of flight") - seldom took prisoners and which inevitably got its man. However, research by Professor Paul J. Vanderwood during the 1970s involving detailed examination of the records of the corps indicated that the "Rurales" were neither as effective nor as brutal as regime publicists had suggested. The daily pay of 1.30 pesos was not high and up to 25% of recruits deserted before completing their four-year enlistments. Never numbering more than about 4,000 men and located in small detachments, the "Rurales" were too thinly spread to ever completely eliminate unrest in the Mexican countryside. They did however impose a superficial order, especially in the central regions around Mexico City, which encouraged the foreign investment sought by Díaz and his "científico" advisers. To a certain extent the regime saw the "Rurales" as a counterweight to the much larger Federal army and in the later years of the regime they were increasingly used to control industrial unrest, in addition to the traditional task of patrolling country areas.While in theory a centralized organization, the rural guards often came under the direct control of local politicians or landowners. 
The "Rurales" achieved a high profile internationally, rather like that of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police or the Texas Rangers, whose roles they paralleled. They wore a distinctive grey uniform braided in silver, which was modelled on the national "charro" dress and included a wide sombrero and red or black necktie. This dress, their frequent involvement in ceremonial parades and their general reputation, invariably drew the attention of foreign visitors to Mexico during the Porfiriato. They were variously described as "the world's most picturesque policemen" and "mostly bandits". The former may have true but the latter was a distorted memory of the rough-and-ready early days of the corps. Some of the Mexican states maintained their own rural mounted police forces and an efficient city police operated in Mexico City, but none matched the Federal "Rurales" in notoriety or glamour. 
Under Francisco Madero and Victoriano Huerta.
After the overthrow of Díaz in 1911, the "Rurales" continued in existence under Presidents Francisco I. Madero (1911-1913) and Victoriano Huerta (1913-1914). Madero left the force essentially unchanged, although introducing legislation intended to prevent corpsmen, other than senior officers, from carrying out summary executions without due trial process. In practice the induction of large numbers of Maderista fighters on a temporary basis while awaiting discharge simply diluted such efficiency as the corps had retained. Huerta saw a more central role for the "Rurales" and used a detachment to murder Madero after the "Ten Tragic Days" of 1913. He then proposed to expand the existing units into a field force of over ten thousand men serving alongside the regular Federal troops. Recruiting and desertion problems prevented this ever becoming a realistic project. The remains of the Guardia Rural was finally disbanded in July 1914 along with the old Federal Army, when Huerta fled into exile.
Rural Defense Corps.
Today's "Rurales" are a part-time militia called the '"Cuerpo de Defensa Rural" (Rural Defense Corps), originally formed as village self-defence groups during the agrarian disturbances of the 1920s. They do not have any functions that parallel those of the paramilitary mounted police force of the 1861–1914 era. This corps was formally organized under army jurisdiction according to the Organic Law of 1926. Its origins, however, date back to the period when the revolutionary agrarian reform program was first implemented in 1915. In efforts to protect themselves against the private armies of recalcitrant large landowners, rural peasants organized themselves into small defense units and were provided weapons by the revolutionary government. Until 1955 enlistment in the Rural Defense Force was restricted to peasants working on collective farms (ejidos). After 1955 participation in the Rural Defense Force was expanded to include small farmers and laborers. All defense units, however, were attached to ejidos, possibly as a means to guarantee control.
The Rural Defense Force numbered some 120,000 in 1970, but was being phased out in the 1990s. The IISS's The Military Balance listed the corps as having only 14,000 members in 1996. The volunteers, aged eighteen to fifty, enlist for a three-year period. Members do not wear uniforms or receive pay for their service but are eligible for limited benefits. They are armed with outmoded rifles, which may be the chief inducement to enlist. Rudimentary training is provided by troops assigned to military zone detachments.
The basic unit is the platoon ("pelotón") of eleven members under immediate control of the ejido. Use of the unit outside the ejidos is by order of the military zone commander. One asset of the corps is the capacity of its members to gather intelligence about activities within the ejidos and in remote rural areas seldom patrolled by military zone detachments. Corps members also act as guides for military patrols, participate in civic-action projects, and assist in destroying marijuana crops and preventing the transport of narcotics through their areas.
The Rurales in fiction.
The "Rurales" make an appearance in O. Henry's short story, "Hostages to Momus". O. Henry, writing through the first-person narration of the character Tecumseh Pickens, gives a colorful sketch of the "Rurales": 

</doc>
<doc id="2904410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904410" title="William B. Hays">
William B. Hays

William Bratton Hays (January 12, 1844 – September 16, 1912) served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1903 to 1906.
Early life.
Hays was born into a meat packing family in 1844. He made his fortune in the coal industry in nearby Indiana County, Pennsylvania; he was also involved in the lumber business in North Carolina.
Pittsburgh politics.
He was appointed the mayor of Pittsburgh by the Pennsylvania Governor after Mayor Diehl's corruption scandal. During his service the governor re-installed elections in the city and he was subsequently voted in as mayor.
Hays presided over some of Pittsburgh's greatest feats and also one of its greatest disasters. The Pittsburgh Pirates went to the first ever World Series in 1903, and the film industry's first Nickelodeon movie theater was opened on Smithfield Street in 1905. Hays though also had to contend with the devastating city hall fire making the government home a total loss and destroying many records and documents in the process.
Later life.
Hays died in 1912 and was buried in Allegheny Cemetery. The Hays neighborhood of Pittsburgh was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2904414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904414" title="Retzius">
Retzius

Retzius is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2904418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904418" title="Marketing in schools">
Marketing in schools

Marketing in schools is a widespread phenomenon in which schools sign contracts allowing certain businesses to conduct marketing activities in school facilities — primarily advertising. For example, a school might allow only one brand of soft drink to be sold in vending machines on the campus; in return, the soft drink company would provide compensation to the school (frequently money, but it may provide other compensation as well, such as building new facilities or paying for school supplies). The phrase usually refers to arrangements by elementary schools or high schools, rather than higher education; because this marketing is seen as targeting children, it is very controversial. One example of this is Channel One News, a TV show, branded as educational, shown in schools that shows two minutes of advertising. Channel One is shown in over 11,500 middle and high schools across the United States, reaching 7.7 million students.
Many find the practice objectionable. Some argue that it can encourage unhealthy behavior in children; for example, the drinking of soda or the consumption of fast food. More generally, some people object to the entire concept of marketing to children, fearing that they are easier to influence and that this marketing is unethical, or that it interferes with the values they may wish to teach their child. The practice has come in for harsh criticism especially from many on the political left; for example, the magazine "Adbusters" has run numerous features attacking the practice. Many schools defend the practice, noting that it is a source of valuable revenue, allowing programs that might otherwise go unfunded.

</doc>
<doc id="2904421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904421" title="Charnwood">
Charnwood

Charnwood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2904434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904434" title="Sekhemrekhutawy">
Sekhemrekhutawy

Sekhemrekhutawy (also Sekhemre Khutawy) is an Ancient Egyptian name meaning ""Mighty Re, he who protects the Two Lands"". Sekhemrekhutawy was the name of three Egyptian pharaohs during the Second Intermediate period:

</doc>
<doc id="2904439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904439" title="Kelly Fisher">
Kelly Fisher

Kelly Fisher (born 26 August 1978) is an English professional pool and snooker player.
Career.
Fisher grew up in South Elmsall, near Pontefract, West Yorkshire. She learned to play pool in her parent's pub and took up snooker when she was 13. By the age of 21, she had been ranked number 1 for two consecutive seasons.
Fisher won three successive World Ladies' Snooker Championship between 1998 and 2000, and won the title again in 2002 and 2003.
In 2001, she won four successive tournaments in the ladies' divisions - the British Open, Belgian Open, LG Cup titles and the UK Championship, and extended her winning streak to ten successive tournaments when she won the LG Cup in October 2002.
She has reached the final of every European Ladies' Championship, losing just once to former West Yorkshire (Batley) Champion Shakeel Kamal. In 2003 Fisher won the first IBSF World Ladies' Championship.
When the sport's governing body withdrew its support for the women's game in 2003, abandoning all major women tournaments, Fisher saw her choices as getting a full-time job or switching to nine-ball pool. She chose to switch to pool and moved to the United States to play on the Women's Professional Billiard Association (WPBA) nine-ball tour, joining fellow former women's snooker players Allison Fisher and Karen Corr.
In August 2008 after being in the top 10 women for the past two years and winning the San Diego Classic for three years running (2005–2007) Kelly achieved the No1 Ranking in World Women's Pool and won the US Open Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="2904442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904442" title="Charles Blount (deist)">
Charles Blount (deist)

Charles Blount (27 April 1654 – August 1693) was an English deist and philosopher who published several anonymous essays critical of the existing English order.
Life.
Blount was born in Upper Holloway, Islington, Middlesex, the fourth son of Sir Henry Blount. His father educated him at home and exposed him to freethinking philosophy. In 1672 Charles inherited lands in Islington and the estate of Blount's Hall in Staffordshire. He married Eleanor Tyrrell in Westminster Abbey at the end of 1672; they had three sons and a daughter. Throughout his life he remained at Blount's Hall as a leisured gentleman, although he also travelled to London to participate in courtly life.
Blount's publications were consistently anonymous or written under a pseudonym, and with a radical or Whig slant. In 1673 he wrote "Mr Dreyden Vindicated", defending John Dryden's "The Conquest of Granada" from Richard Leigh's attacks. In 1673 he also penned the anonymous "The Friendly Vindication."
In 1678 Blount became a member of the Green Ribbon Club, a group of radical Whig advocates and activists. In 1679 he published "An Appeal from the Country to the City" under the name of Junius Brutus. It was a strongly Whig piece that suggested that the Popish Plot was entirely real. It painted a lurid picture of what life in London would be like under James II and Roman Catholicism. In this case, the printer was seized and fined, and the pamphlet was burned by the common hangman (i.e. a symbolic execution of the book for treason). The same year, he assumed the name of Philopatris ("lover of his country") to write "A Just Vindication of Learning," which was an argument against the act licensing printers. He mimicked John Milton's previous "Areopagitica." When Thomas Hobbes died (1680), Blount produced an anonymous broadsheet of "sayings" from Hobbes' book "Leviathan."
In 1693 Blount used his ironic approach to argue for the validity of William and Mary. His "King William and Queen Mary Conquerors" argued that they were, in fact, conquerors of England, since they landed with force; therefore the people should support them as able protectors, as Hobbes had argued that the people should obey anyone who represented such force. This pamphlet was licensed by the Tory licensor, Edmund Bohun. In 1695 Parliament debated the fate of the work and had it, too, burned by the common hangman; and Bohun lost his position. The Act for the licensing of the press was allowed to expire, as well. 
In 1689 Blount's wife had died, and he wanted to marry her sister, but such marriages were illegal at that time in England. He wrote to the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1693 and requested permission, but was denied. In August 1693 he committed suicide. Alexander Pope wrote in a footnote to his 'Epilogue to the Satires: Dialogue I' that Blount, 'being in love with a near kinswoman of his, and rejected, gave himself a stab in the arm, as pretending to kill himself, of the consequence of which he really died'.
Works on religion and deism.
In 1679 Blount published, anonymously, "Anima Mundi", an essay that appeared to review pagan theories of the soul and afterlife. Throughout, Blount says that it is perfectly clear that the soul is immortal and that there is an afterlife, but his statements are made in a way that makes them absurd, and lengthy descriptions of other views are then juxtaposed with insincere claims that the Church must be correct. Henry Compton, then bishop of London, argued that the book should be suppressed, but while Compton was out of the city, enthusiastic opponents of the work had it publicly burned. The same year, Blount sent a copy of the work to Thomas Hobbes, whose philosophy Blount admired, with a letter in praise of Arianism, which was then published.
Blount's deist publications came in 1680, with "Great Diana of the Ephesians" and "The Two First Books of Philostratus concerning the Life of Apollonius Tyaneus". The two works appear to be translations and history. However, the notes in the work attacked Christianity directly. First, Blount suggested that rational religion was destroyed by the Church. Second, his decrying of pagan sacrifices was a coded attack on eucharistic doctrine and Church practice. He attached extensive notes which mocked "priestcraft" and corrupt priests.
He followed this with a smaller work, "Miracles, No Violations of the Laws of Nature" (1683), which contained only quotations from Thomas Burnet, Hobbes, and Baruch Spinoza, combined to say that accounts of miracles are without any empirical basis. 
He also wrote his own "Religio laici" (1683) to answer John Dryden's "Religio Laici" (1682) and its attacks on deism.
In 1693 he wrote, anonymously, "The Oracles of Reason." It was a miscellany of essays, some by Charles Gildon (whose presence in the volume may or may not have been intended by Blount). The essays expressed doubts about the Book of Genesis, denied the possibility of revelation, denied miracles, and suggested that there might be many worlds with life on them.

</doc>
<doc id="2904443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904443" title="Lower Merion School District">
Lower Merion School District

Lower Merion School District, or LMSD, is a public school district located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, USA. The school district includes residents of both Lower Merion Township and the Borough of Narberth. Established in 1836, LMSD is one of the oldest districts in Pennsylvania. It is the wealthiest school district in the state, and one of the wealthiest school districts in the country.
Schools administered.
Ten schools comprise the district:
Class action.
In February 2010, a class action lawsuit was filed against the school district, alleging that Harriton High School had been secretly using remotely activated webcams built into laptops issued to their students to spy on the students in their homes, thereby infringing on their privacy rights. The suit was filed by the parents of a student who had been warned by an assistant principal that he had been engaging in "improper behavior" in his bedroom. The schools admitted to secretly snapping over 66,000 webshots and screenshots, including webcam shots of students in their bedrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="2904447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904447" title="Harold Wagstaff">
Harold Wagstaff

Harold Wagstaff (9 May 1891 – 19 July 1939) was an English rugby league footballer of the early 20th century. He played as a and was nicknamed the "Prince of Centres". A captain of the Great Britain national team, he also played representative football for England and Yorkshire.
Biography.
Wagstaff was born in the village of Underbank within Holmfirth on 9 May 1891 and first played at local amateur side, Underbank Rangers.
Professional playing career.
1900s.
Wagstaff's first professional game, for Huddersfield in 1906, was at the age of 15 years and 175 days. He was thus the youngest person to play professional rugby league. He then became the youngest representative in rugby league football when he turned out for Yorkshire age 17 years and 141 days, and a few months later made his début for England against the first ever touring Australian side: the 'First Kangaroos' of 1908.
1910s.
By 1912 he was appointed captain of Huddersfield, aged 19. In 1914 he was made captain of Great Britain, a post held during that year's tour of Australia and New Zealand. He was captain in the famous 'Rorke's Drift' match on 4 July 1914.
During his career as the captain of the Huddersfield team, known as "The Team of all The Talents", he led them to victory in the Rugby League Challenge Cup, the Championship Trophy, the Yorkshire Cup, and the Yorkshire League in 1915. They thus became the second of only three teams ever to win All Four Cups, the others being Hunslet (1908) and Swinton (1928).
Wagstaff was also stationed in Egypt during World War I.
1920s.
Wagstaff also captained Great Britain on their tour of Australasia in 1920. In November that year, rugby league's first players' union, the 'Northern Rugby Union Players' Union was founded in Huddersfield under the chairmanship of Wagstaff.
Wagstaff played his last Test match in January 1922, when he helped Great Britain beat Australia and regain the Ashes.
His career had lasted for 19 years until his retirement in 1925.
Post-playing.
Wagstaff was the manager of the Royal Swan Hotel, Westgate, Huddersfield, and died in 1939. In 1988 he was inducted into the British Rugby League Hall of Fame.
He was one of five famous players to feature on a set of British stamps issued in 1995 to commemorate the centenary of Rugby League.
Wagstaff and his contribution to Anglo-Australian rugby league culture were the subject of 2003's annual Tom Brock Lecture, given by Tony Collins.

</doc>
<doc id="2904448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904448" title="Superloy">
Superloy

The hot-chamber zinc alloy Superloy allows the production of thin-walled die castings with excellent tolerances. The alloy’s mechanical properties also show advantages over traditional zinc alloys for die casting.
Metallurgy.
This alloy shows excellent creep resistance properties due to its special chemical composition (zinc with 6.6% to 7.2% Al and 3.0% to 3.6% Cu). In the ternary diagram, Superloy is situated close to the eutectic point. Although the alloy is composed of two elements with a higher melting point, the solidify temperature is smaller than that of e.g. ZL5.
Uses.
There are varied uses of Superloy. Superloy is a suitable material for a compromise between thinwalled structure and high mechanical properties demand. It enables designers to design zinc alloy parts that could not be made out of other materials (due to different parameters such as casting techniques, mechanical and physical conditions).
Moreover, Superloy is an ideal casting alloy for electronic parts, connectors, adapters and small precision parts.

</doc>
<doc id="2904450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904450" title="Vijayrania">
Vijayrania

Vijayrania or Bijarnia is a clan or gotra of Jats found in Rajasthan and Haryana in India.

</doc>
<doc id="2904454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904454" title="Ajab Gul">
Ajab Gul

Ajab Gul (Pashto: عجب گل) is an actor turned director and producer of Pakistani film industry. He has starred in a string of successful television serials like "Fareb" and "Girift". His directorial debut was the film "Khoey Ho Tum Kahan", which had a decent theatrical run upon its release in 2001. Among the high points of the film was its phenomenal soundtrack composed by Zain and some stunning cinematography. However, critics argued that Gul had borrowed heavily from the neighbouring Indian cinema. Gul countered all that with "Kyun Tum Say Itna Pyar Hai", his follow up to KHTK, which again did well though it lacked the huge hype of "Khoey Ho Tum Kahan".

</doc>
<doc id="2904455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904455" title="MyISAM">
MyISAM

MyISAM was the default storage engine for the MySQL relational database management system versions prior to 5.5. It is based on the older ISAM code but has many useful extensions.
Filesystem.
Each MyISAM table is stored on disk in three files (if it is not partitioned). The files have names that begin with the table name and have an extension to indicate the file type. MySQL uses a .frm file to store the definition of the table, but this file is not a part of the MyISAM engine; instead it is a part of the server. The data file has a .MYD (MYData) extension. The index file has a .MYI (MYIndex) extension.
Features.
MyISAM is optimized for environments with heavy read operations, and few writes, or none at all. A typical area in which one could prefer MyISAM is data warehouse, because it involves queries on very big tables, and the update of such tables is done when the database is not in use (usually by night).
The reason why MyISAM allows for fast reads is the structure of its indexes: each entry points to a record in the data file, and the pointer is offset from the beginning of the file. This way records can be quickly read, especially when the format is FIXED. Thus, the rows are of constant length. Inserts are easy too, because new rows are appended to the end of the data file. However, delete and update operations are more problematic: deletes must leave an empty space, or the rows offsets would change; the same goes for updates, is the length of the rows becomes shorter; if the update makes the rows longer, the row is fragmented. To defragment rows and claim empty space, the OPTIMIZE TABLE command must be executed. Because of this simple mechanism, usually MyISAM index statistics are quite accurate.
However, MyISAM simplicity has several drawbacks. The major deficiency of MyISAM is the absence of transactions support. Also, foreign keys are not supported. In normal use cases, InnoDB seems to be faster than MyISAM.
Versions of MySQL 5.5 and greater have switched to the InnoDB engine to ensure referential integrity constraints, and higher concurrency.
MyISAM supports FULLTEXT indexing and OpenGIS data types.
Forks.
MariaDB has a storage engine called Aria, which is described as a "crash-safe alternative to MyISAM". However, the MariaDB developers still work on MyISAM code. The major improvement is the Segmented Key Cache. If it is enabled, MyISAM indexes's cache is divided into segments. This improves the concurrency, because threads rarely need to lock the entire cache.
In MariaDB, MyISAM also supports virtual columns.
Drizzle does not include MyISAM.

</doc>
<doc id="2904459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904459" title="Joseph O. Brown">
Joseph O. Brown

Joseph Owen Brown (January 8, 1846 – March 15, 1903) served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1901 to 1903.
Biography.
He was born on January 8, 1846 in what is today East Deer Township, Pennsylvania, just north of Pittsburgh. He served as Prothonotary of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania from 1880 until 1887. His first political position in Pittsburgh was Director of Public Safety, a job he obtained in 1887.
Mayor Joseph Brown's administration battled rampant vice within the city with differing degrees of success. The incompetence of the rank and file law enforcers in the city was displayed for everyone to see when the Biddle Brothers made a daring escape from the Pittsburgh jail. The Frick Building was constructed on Grant Street during the Joseph Brown term. 
He died in office from heart failure on March 15, 1903. He was buried at Bull Creek Cemetery, not far away from his hometown, Tarentum, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="2904471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904471" title="Lewis Evans (collector)">
Lewis Evans (collector)

Lewis Evans (1853–1930) was an English businessman and scientific instrument collector.
Lewis Evans was the son of Sir John Evans, an archaeologist, and younger brother of the more famous archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans (1851–1941) who excavated Knossos in Crete. He studied chemistry at University College London and became a businessman. During his career, he rose to Chairman of the family paper-making firm John Dickinson & Co. Ltd and lived at Russels, a country house near the company's paper mill, close to Watford. 
Over the course of about fifty years, Evans also built up an important collection of scientific instruments. In 1924, he presented this collection of sundials, astrolabes, early mathematical instruments and associated library of early books to Oxford University. The Lewis Evans Collection was made accessible to the public in the same year and he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science degree by the University in 1925.
Through the efforts of his friend Robert Gunther, Evans donation helped in the founding of the Museum of the History of Science, Oxford in 1930 by providing what became known as the Lewis Evans Collection of Historic Scientific Instruments, the core of the museum's initial collection. His library is also owned by the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="2904472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904472" title="Tetrahedral symmetry">
Tetrahedral symmetry

A regular tetrahedron has 12 rotational (or orientation-preserving) symmetries, and a symmetry order of 24 including transformations that combine a reflection and a rotation.
The group of all symmetries is isomorphic to the group "S"4, symmetric group, as a permutations of four objects, since there is exactly one such symmetry for each permutation of the vertices of the tetrahedron. The set of orientation-preserving symmetries forms a group referred to as the alternating subgroup "A"4 of "S"4.
Details.
Chiral and full (or achiral) tetrahedral symmetry and pyritohedral symmetry are discrete point symmetries (or equivalently, symmetries on the sphere). They are among the crystallographic point groups of the cubic crystal system.
Chiral tetrahedral symmetry.
T, 332, [3,3]+, or 23, of order 12 - chiral or rotational tetrahedral symmetry. There are three orthogonal 2-fold rotation axes, like chiral dihedral symmetry "D"2 or 222, with in addition four 3-fold axes, centered "between" the three orthogonal directions. This group is isomorphic to "A"4, the alternating group on 4 elements; in fact it is the group of even permutations of the four 3-fold axes: e, (123), (132), (124), (142), (134), (143), (234), (243), (12)(34), (13)(24), (14)(23).
The conjugacy classes of "T" are:
The rotations by 180°, together with the identity, form a normal subgroup of type Dih2, with quotient group of type Z3. The three elements of the latter are the identity, "clockwise rotation", and "anti-clockwise rotation", corresponding to permutations of the three orthogonal 2-fold axes, preserving orientation.
"A"4 is the smallest group demonstrating that the converse of Lagrange's theorem is not true in general: given a finite group "G" and a divisor "d" of |"G"|, there does not necessarily exist a subgroup of "G" with order "d": the group "G" = "A"4 has no subgroup of order 6. Although it is a property for the abstract group in general, it is clear from the isometry group of chiral tetrahedral symmetry: because of the chirality the subgroup would have to be C6 or D3, but neither applies.
Achiral tetrahedral symmetry.
Td, *332, [3,3] or 3m, of order 24 - achiral or full tetrahedral symmetry, also known as the (2,3,3) triangle group. This group has the same rotation axes as "T", but with six mirror planes, each through two 3-fold axes. The 2-fold axes are now "S"4 () axes. "Td" and "O" are isomorphic as abstract groups: they both correspond to "S"4, the symmetric group on 4 objects. "Td" is the union of "T" and the set obtained by combining each element of "O" \ "T" with inversion. See also the isometries of the regular tetrahedron.
The conjugacy classes of "Td" are:
Pyritohedral symmetry.
"T"h, 3*2, [4,3+] or m, of order 24 - pyritohedral symmetry. This group has the same rotation axes as "T", with mirror planes through two of the orthogonal directions. The 3-fold axes are now S6 () axes, and there is inversion symmetry. "T"h is isomorphic to "T" × "Z"2: every element of "T"h is either an element of "T", or one combined with inversion. Apart from these two normal subgroups, there is also a normal subgroup "D2h" (that of a cuboid), of type Dih2 × "Z2" = "Z2" × "Z2" × "Z2" . It is the direct product of the normal subgroup of "T" (see above) with "Ci". The quotient group is the same as above: of type Z3. The three elements of the latter are the identity, "clockwise rotation", and "anti-clockwise rotation", corresponding to permutations of the three orthogonal 2-fold axes, preserving orientation.
It is the symmetry of a cube with on each face a line segment dividing the face into two equal rectangles, such that the line segments of adjacent faces do not meet at the edge. The symmetries correspond to the even permutations of the body diagonals and the same combined with inversion. It is also the symmetry of a pyritohedron, which is extremely similar to the cube described, with each rectangle replaced by a pentagon with one symmetry axis and 4 equal sides and 1 different side (the one corresponding to the line segment dividing the cube's face); i.e., the cube's faces bulge out at the dividing line and become narrower there. It is a subgroup of the full icosahedral symmetry group (as isometry group, not just as abstract group), with 4 of the 10 3-fold axes.
The conjugacy classes of "Th" include those of "T", with the two classes of 4 combined, and each with inversion:
Solids with chiral tetrahedral symmetry.
The Icosahedron colored as a snub tetrahedron has chiral symmetry.

</doc>
<doc id="2904477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904477" title="Edward Summer">
Edward Summer

Edward Summer is an American award-winning painter, motion picture director, screenwriter, internet publisher, magazine editor, journalist and science writer, comic book writer, novelist, book designer, actor, cinematographer, motion picture editor, documentary film maker, film festival founder, and educator.
Among his better known works are the ground-breaking collection of Carl Barks stories "", the "Dinosaur Interplanetary Gazette" (one of the pioneering online magazines), the first motion picture based upon Robert E. Howard's character Conan The Barbarian, the novel "Teefr", and a prequel "The Legend of Teddy Bear Bob".
Early work.
Born in Buffalo, New York, Summer studied painting at the Albright Art Gallery (now called the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, Albright Art School, and with the noted water-color painter Sandra Chessman. He was also acquainted from childhood with another noted water-colorist, Robert Blair. 
Charles Summer, his father, was an amateur photographer who owned a then uncommon Exacta single lens reflex camera. The world-famous photographer Milton Rogovin was a family friend and early on exposed him to fine-art photographs.
At fifteen, Summer had a special one-man exhibit of his drawings in a group show at the Buffalo Museum of Science.
Theater.
Studio Theater (now called Studio Arena Theater ), Buffalo, NY. appearance in Many Moons, based on a James Thurber book, choreographed by Michael Bennett. Director: Roberta Sharpe circa 1961. 
Worked with Fred Keller and Neal Du Brock as actor and stage manager. Also Joe Krysiak founder of Project Artaud.
Motion pictures.
Encouraged by experimental film maker Peter Adair, Summer ultimately attended the first year of the New York University School of the Arts (then under the NYU School of Education and called the School of Television, Motion Pictures and Radio). Haig Manoogian, instrumental in starting the career of Martin Scorsese by producing the film "Who's That Knocking at My Door" headed the school and was one of the main instructors.
At NYU, Summer continued painting and studied with, among others, acclaimed photo-realist Audrey Flack. Harry Hurwitz, director of "The Projectionist" was also an instructor and personal friend. 
His student film "Item 72-D, The Adventures of Spa and Fon" not only won multiple awards, but was shown worldwide at many film festivals. It was the first film shown at the now famous Film Forum movie theater in New York City when the Film Forum was only a tiny loft space on West 88th Street in Manhattan. Hervé Villechaize, then unknown was one of the stars of "Item 72-D, The Adventures of Spa and Fon" Villechaize went on to fame in The Man with the Golden Gun and as a recurring character in the television show Fantasy Island. A co-writer of the film, John Byrum went on to write and direct numerous other films. Both Manoogian and Scorsese were advisors to the project.
Other early films included:
Solstice (1968) - Film Editor
High on the Wind Rivers (1970) - Cinematographer, Film Editor 
Street Scenes(1970) - Cinematographer, Sound Recording, Film Editor
As a fellow of the National Endowment for the Arts, Summer received a grant to produce a documentary about the history of American Comic Strip and Comic Book art. This unfinished film covered, among other people, Jack Kirby, Milton Caniff, Carl Barks, Chuck Jones, Ray Bradbury, Dick Huemer and Ralph Bakshi.
He worked with CBS Camera Three on a two-part series covering the history of comic books and comic strips.
In 1975, Summer helped his friend Brian De Palma re-do all of the promotional materials for Phantom of the Paradise. As a result, producer Edward R. Pressman approached Summer for other projects. The result was Conan The Barbarian which took nearly seven years to bring to the screen. The original treatment/screenplay was written by Summer with some collaboration by Roy Thomas who had written and edited the Marvel Comic Book series.
2003 Founded The Buffalo International Film Festival. Summer has been Executive Director since 2005.
Comic books.
Gold Key Comics Several science fiction adaptations for "Starstream". Born of the Sun. Shaka
Marvel Comics Plot Red Sonja Issue One. Red Sonya and the Unicorn. This story largely defined Red Sonja's personality and "inner nature."
Plot: The Invaders Involving the revival of the Golem to defeat the Axis.
Plot: Conan The Barbarian "The Devourer of the Dead" Story about origin of Egyptian pyramids.
Editor: Superman the Movie Magazine, DC Comics
Summer was instrumental in beginning the process that resulted in Shuster and Siegel receiving lifetime financial benefits from their creation of Superman.
Magazines.
Founding editor and co-publisher: "The Dinosaur Times"
Contributing writer: "Written By", "Time Magazine", "New York Times", "Circus", "Films in Review", "The Perfect Vision", "The Absolute Sound", "Home Theater Magazine", "Skeptical Inquirer", "Skeptical Briefs", "The Monster Times".
Digital Nitrate Prize.
In 2005, Edward Summer founded The Digital Nitrate Prize in order to encourage the research necessary to properly transfer and preserve the worlds motion picture heritage using the developing digital media. Based upon the X Prize, the Digital Nitrate Prize will offer a cash prize for the first individual, group or corporation which is able to exactly duplicate the look of nitrate film (nitrate motion picture film) using digital transfer and digital projection.
Constructive Living.
Edward Summer is a certified instructor of Constructive Living. He studied with David K. Reynolds in Los Angeles, New York, West Virginia and Tennessee.
Filmography.
1968 - "Solstice" - Producer, Editor
1968 - "DeFeet" - Producer, Director, Cinematographer
1970 - "" - Producer, Director1970 - "Street Scenes, 1970" - Director/Cameraman, Editor
1970 - "High in the Wind Rivers" - Director/Cameraman
1980 - "Starship Under" - Director, screenwriter - (Never finished)
1982 - "Conan the Barbarian" - Associate Producer
1983 - "Star Wars" - Marketing Consultant
1989 - "" - Screenplay
2005 - "Silent Music" - Producer, Director (In Production)
2005 - "The Magic of Magic" - Producer, Director (In Production)
2006 - "Clicker Clatter" - Producer 
2007 - "Sirens" - Producer (In Production) 
2007 - "Calvin of Oakknoll" - Executive Producer, Consulting Director (In Production)

</doc>
<doc id="2904478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904478" title="Ottoman Reform Edict of 1856">
Ottoman Reform Edict of 1856

Islâhat Fermânı (Ottoman Turkish: اصلاحات خط همايونى, "Islâhat Hatt-ı Hümâyûnu") "(The Imperial Islâhat Firmân, The Imperial Reform Edict, or The Rescript of Reform)" was a February 18, 1856 edict of the Ottoman government and part of the Tanzimat reforms. The decree from Sultan Abdülmecid I promised equality in education, government appointments, and administration of justice to all regardless of creed. The decree is often seen as a result of the influence of France and Britain, which assisted the Ottoman Empire against the Russians during the Crimean War (1853–1856) and the Treaty of Paris (1856) which ended the war. 
Hatt-ı Hümayun was a promise by the Sultan to his citizens, subjects. However, some items in his promise were achieved by the communities, (see: millet). Sultan promised to be held responsible for the constitution of the "Provincial Councils" and "Communal Councils" and the fairness of this process and the results. In matters concerning all the subjects of the State (related with Hatt-ı Hümayun), the spiritual leader of every congregation, along with its official appointed for one year by the government, will participate in the negotiations of `Meclisi Valay-i Ahkam-i Adliyye', a law court established in 1837 to deal with cases of high officials. Sultan also promised (personal judge of fairness) the freedom of voting in the councils. 
These goals are promised by the Sultan and the final consideration is in him; in meaning Hatt-ı Hümayun is the Sultan's ideas.
Content.
Hatt-ı Hümayun "unites all the previous reforms" (beginning with Hatt-ı Şerif of Gulhane) and applies previous reform to all the subjects of the Empire, without distinction of class or religion, for the security of their persons and property and the preservation of their honor.
Hatt-ı Hümayun did not release the government from its previous obligations; spiritual immunities (Christian millets or other non-Muslim protectorates). Regarding these responsibilities review process established under each millet such that they form a commission composed ad hod of members of its own body to give formulate (discuss) and submit the reforms required by the progress of Ottoman civilization.
Religion and civic duties.
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted that all forms of religion freely worshiped, no subject hindered in the exercise of the religion, nor be in any way annoyed. No one shall be compelled to change their religion.
Hatt-ı Hümayun brought accountability, such that the Patriarchs, Metropolitans, Archbishops, Bishops, and Rabbis began to take an oath on their entrance into office according to a form agreed upon (content of the oath is verified by the state), which they will be responsible for honoring their oath. In to build trust (prevent bribery); the income of these people (in public work) is replaced by fixed revenues of the Patriarchs and heads of communities, and by the allocation of allowances and salaries equitably proportioned to the importance, the rank, and the dignity of the different members of the clergy.
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted the full freedom of the repair, according to their original plan, of buildings set apart for religious worship, for schools, for hospitals, and for cemeteries; if these activities are performed at "non-mixed communities" under the towns, small boroughs and villages. To prevent the destruction of historical architectures, and keep track of public investments the plans of these different buildings, in case of their new erection, must, after having been approved by the Patriarchs or heads of communities, be submitted to Imperial order, or make known its observations upon them within a certain time.
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted that each community have equal power on the repair according to the original plan of the buildings for religious worship, schools, hospitals, and cemeteries; only if these activities are performed at "mixed communities" of the towns, small boroughs and villages. The authorities (decision making) in mixed populations use imperial system to pronounce a sovereign decision (imperial system visioned as a buffer).
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted the of government the responsibility of the formation of roads and canals to increase the facilities of communication and the sources of the wealth.
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted the organization of new Code to determine how the works of public utility can be supported (raised from private and special taxes levied in the provinces). These funds could only be used to benefit of the establishment of ways of communication by land and sea.
Education.
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted that all the subjects, without distinction, shall be received into the Civil and Military Schools. Every community is authorized to establish Public Schools of Science, Art, and Industry. However in these public schools the methods of instruction and the choice of professors in schools of this class shall be under the control of a "Mixed Council of Public Instruction (Council of Public Instruction)" (Education ministry).
Justice.
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted that that all commercial, correctional, and criminal suits between Muslims and Christian or other non-Muslim subjects, or between Christians or other non-Muslims of different sects, shall be referred to "mixed tribunals". The proceedings were in public. The parties were confronted. Production of witnesses was granted which the testimonies were accepted upon an oath. Suits relating to civil affairs publicly tried. Civil affairs resolved before the Mixed Provincial Councils with the Governor and Judge. 
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted that there will be formulation of the new Codes; penal, correctional, and commercial laws, and rules of procedure and they were translated and published in all the languages.
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted that the reform of the penitentiary (houses of detention, punishment, or correction) and other establishments. Activities had to reconcile the rights of humanity and with those of justice. Corporal punishment is abolished administered.
Public security.
Hatt-ı Hümayun granted that police organization (policies and regulations) can not deny the guarantees for the safety of person and property. After the revision (defines a commission) officers are responsible. The police force was organized in capital, provincial towns and in the rural districts in separate organizations.
Effect.
Although the goal of the Hatt-ı Hümayun was to bring equality among Ottoman citizens, the process was perceived more as one intended to please Europe. The biggest change was the Ottoman State's acceptance of the notion of "minorities". Previously, Muslim government organizations (civil and military schools) begin to accept non-Muslim citizens. The official state language principle (Ottoman Turkish for written communication) was broken, and the Empire became a multi-language system. Patriarchates began to administer justice on the state level, which could be said to weaken the judicial sovereignty of the State.
Some rules were cheered by the Non-Muslims
Some rules were not cheered by the Non-Muslims
Hatt-ı Hümayun in bringing equality among (millet), created a discontent to the Armenian Patriarchate. Before the Hatt-ı Hümayun Armenian Patriarch was not only the spiritual leader of the community, but its secular leader (all Armenians, Armenian nation) as well. The Armenians ("Armenian nationals") wanted to abolish oppression by the nobility, and draw up a new `National Regulation', which limited the powers of Patriarch whose jurisdiction was extended to 50 regions and could at will dismiss the Bishops. Finally the Council accepted the draft regulation on May 24, 1860, and presented it to the Babiali. The Babiali ratified it with some minor changes, with a firman on March 17, 1863, and made it effective. In 1863 the Armenian National Constitution (Ottoman Turkish:"Nizâmnâme-i Millet-i Ermeniyân") was Ottoman Empire approved form of the "Code of Regulations" composed of 150 articles drafted by the "Armenian intelligentsia", which defined the powers of Patriarch (position in Ottoman Millet) and newly formed "Armenian National Assembly". Armenian Patriarch with the sharing of his powers with the Armenian National Assembly and limitations brought by Armenian National Constitution perceived the changes as erosion of its community.
During the fall of the Ottoman Empire, foreign powers often influenced the government by means of foreign loans and aid as well as exploitation of the millet system and its groups of Jewish and Christian minorities.

</doc>
<doc id="2904485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904485" title="Nikolai Pokotylo">
Nikolai Pokotylo

Nikolai Pokotylo (Rus: Николай Покотыло) (born May 25 1984 in Öskemen, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union (present Kazakhstan)) is a singer who placed fifth in "SuperStar KZ", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol", shown by Perviy Kanal Evraziya.
SuperStar KZ performances.
Semi Finals: Wildcards: Top 12: "You"Top 11: "Лейла" by Nurlan & MuratTop 10: "Про Зайцев"Top 9: "Unchained Melody" by The Righteous BrothersTop 8: "Джулия"Top 7: "You're My Heart, You're My Soul" by Modern TalkingTop 6: "Паромщик"Top 5: "Every Time"Top 5: "No Matter What" by Boyzone

</doc>
<doc id="2904489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904489" title="Adam M. Brown">
Adam M. Brown

Adam M. Brown (1826 – August 17, 1910) was a U.S. politician. He was Mayor of Pittsburgh in 1901.
Early life.
Adam Mercer Brown was born in Butler County, Pennsylvania just north of Pittsburgh in 1826. He originally wanted to become a doctor but instead went west to find his fortune during the California Gold Rush, during his stay in the west he had a brief military career and earned the rank of Major. Upon his return to Pittsburgh he was chosen as the first president of the Allegheny County Bar Association. Adam Brown also became a common pleas judge and founded a bank.
Pittsburgh politics.
Adam Brown was appointed mayor in May 1901 and due to a commonwealth reorganization had his office retitled "recorder". He was only to spend six brief months running the city, and stripped of his duties in Nov 1901. He died in Aug 1910, and is buried in Allegheny Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2904490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904490" title="Lauritz de Thurah">
Lauritz de Thurah

Laurids Lauridsen de Thurah, known as Lauritz de Thurah (4 March 1706 – 5 September 1759), was a Danish architect and architectural writer. He became the most important Danish architect of the late baroque period. As an architectural writer and historian he made a priceless contribution to the understanding of both Denmark's architectural heritage and building construction in his day.
de Thurah was a self-taught architect who learned much of what he knew by studying the inspiring buildings he saw on his travels outside Denmark between 1729 and 1731. He brought home the baroque style, which was then popular, but was quickly losing way to rococo. Throughout his life he maintained a loyalty to the baroque, even as the world around him continued to change and he lost work assignments to others who mastered the newer, more popular styles.
Life and career.
Youth and early life.
Lauritx de Thurah was born Laurids Lauridsen Thura in Aarhus, the third son of parish priest Laurids Thura, later Bishop of Ribe, and wife Helene Cathrine de With. He was educated at home by the elder Thura, a literate scholar and able teacher. By chance he come into contact with the royal house when King Frederik IV called on the Bishop, and chose the boy and his older brother Didrich for military service. In 1719 he went to Copenhagen as a military cadet, a "landkadet" in Danish, to receive an education for the Engineer Corps at the Military Cadet Academy ("Landkadetakademiet").
He was employed in 1725 as Assistant Resident Engineer in the Holstein Engineering Corps, and he moved to Rendsburg where he served from 1725-1729.
Architectural studies and travels.
With an interest in improving his lot in life by eventually coming into an architectural career, he enthusiastically studied the local building style, and petitioned the king for a royal grant to study civil architecture on a longer travel to foreign lands. In order to attain this he made carefully detailed drawings of Rendsburg's fortifications, churches and houses, and a preliminary construction drawing for a suspension bridge. 
The king was impressed, and promised to give him funds, but instead he gave Thura and his friend Lieutenant Holger Rosenkrantz additional surveying and drawing assignments. Finally Thura, after having sent the king many reminders to his promised financial assistance, went to Copenhagen and was put to a final test, before receiving the economic grant so he and Rosenkrantz could travel.
Thura also made drawings and measurements of the newest castle in Denmark, Fredensborg, which were given as a gift to the Count of Hesse, before he traveled.
Thura and Rosenkrantz left in 1729, and visited a number of German cities, including Kassel, where they made careful studies and measurements of buildings. They traveled further to Italy, France, Holland and England before returning to Denmark in 1731.
Career in Denmark.
After his return home, Thura rose rapidly up the ranks. He became Resident Engineer in 1732. In 1733 he was named Royal Building Master with supervisory responsibility for royal buildings on Zealand and on Lolland-Falster. At the same time, he was promoted to Captain in the Engineering Corps. 
In 1732–1736, he designed and built the royal palace in Roskilde, also known as the Yellow Palace, on the site of the old bishop’s palace east of Roskilde Cathedral. The four-wing baroque building became the headquarters of the Duke of Wellington during the English siege of Copenhagen in 1807, and now houses the Museum of Contemporary Art.
In 1733–1739, he worked on the first remodelling and expansion of Hirschholm Palace for King Christian VI and his consort, Queen Sophie Magdalene.
In 1734–36, de Thurah built the Eremitage Palace, a palatial hunting lodge overlooking Jægersborg Dyrehave north of Copenhagen, and facing east over the Øresund to Sweden. The grey-stone house with copper-clad mansard roof replaced another hunting lodge named ""Hubertus"", which had been built nearby in the 17th century. The original design featured an elevator-table, similar to a dumbwaiter, which could be raised from the cellar up to the dining room. In this way, servants stayed in the cellar kitchen, where they prepared and set the table, and then it could be hoisted up to the dining room through a hatch in the floor. Diners would then eat unattended by servants or ""en eremit"", that is "in the hermit style". The lodge is still in use to this day for special occasions.
But already after only a couple of years' service back in Denmark, Thura began to feel that his baroque style had gone out of fashion. He felt that baroque was losing ground to rococo, a style mastered by another force in contemporary Danish architectural circles, Nicolai Eigtved, who would be Thura’s colleague and rival throughout most of his career. Eigtved, who returned to Denmark from his travels in 1735, became the king’s preferred architect, and Thura felt himself being more and more set to the side.
In 1736 Thura was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel. He participated, along with German architect Elias David Hausser and Nicolai Eigtved, in the interior construction of (the first) Christiansbrog Palace. He designed some of the interiors in the Queen’s apartments 1737–1740, but these were lost in the fire of 1794. He also created plans for the main staircase, the chapel, the marble bridge, the pavilions and the riding grounds, which were never realised.
On 19 October 1740, he married Anna Rosenørn, daughter of a General Major, and was conferred nobility under the name "de Thurah". 
In 1741, de Thurah elevated the roof of the main building at Fredensborg Palace. In 1742 he was named to the Building Commission, and took on supervisory responsibility for royal buildings on Zealand and Funen.
In 1743–1744, he designed the final rebuilding of Hirschholm Palace, the most impressive building project of the period, known as "the Versailles of the North". The same year, work was completed on the tower and spire for the Church of Our Lady, in Copenhagen, partially after a drawing by Vincents Lerche. The building, however burned down during the bombardment of Copenhagen in 1807, and was rebuilt by Christian Frederik Hansen.
In 1744, de Thurah was promoted to Colonel. His three-volume work "Den danske Vitruvius" was published in 1746–1749, containing almost 400 drawings and measurements of buildings in Copenhagen and royal castles and other interesting buildings in Denmark, with Danish, German and French text. 
Frustrated by his losing assignments to Eigtved, he petitioned the king in 1747 for a new non-architectural position, but that was rejected.
In 1748, de Thurah was asked to assist on the building of a new spire on the Lambert van Haven designed Church of Our Saviour in the Christianshavn district of Copenhagen. He chose a design inspired by the Sant’ivo della Sapienza church he had seen in Rome many years before. The new design however was much more costly than the king's original plan, and this led to a fierce rivalry between de Thurah and Eigtved over the choice of building material. The king finally sided with de Thurah.
That same year, de Thurah’s wife died. He married again on January 16, 1750, to Christiane Marie de Kiærskiold, heiress to Børglum Kloster. He felt overlooked and pressured by colleague Eigtved, and so he pulled back on his career. He moved out of Copenhagen to the estate at Børglum Monastery in Jutland with his wife. 
de Thurah’s masterpiece, the ornate, spiral-staircased spire on Our Saviour’s Church, topped with globe and figure, was completed in 1752, and can still be seen high-above Christianshavn to this day.
In 1753, after his retirement from the Engineering Corps, he was named General Major. That same year he gave up his responsibility for royal buildings on Zealand, that being taken over by Nicolai Eigtved. In 1754, he was named General Building Master, while Eigtved took over as Royal Building Master. 
The six-years-older Eigtved died that same year, causing de Thurah to be called back into service as the leading architect of the day. 
de Thurah was assigned the completion of work in Eigtved’s Frederiksstad district centred around Amalienborg, including the last two palaces on the eastern side of the square, and in 1754–1758 he designed and built the four pavilions at Frederiks Hospital, now housing the Danish Museum of Art & Design, which Eigtved had begun in 1752. He also built a house for himself in the district at from 1755 to 1757.
He also tried to get plans approved for Frederik's Church, the centerpiece of the Frederiksstad area. He wanted to build a stone dome in the style of Michelangelo. The work eventually went to French neoclassical architect Nicolas-Henri Jardin.
He died during the night of 5 September 1759 in Copenhagen, and is buried in Trinity Church ("Trinitatiskirke").
Writings.
Parallel to his work as a practicing architect, de Thurah wrote several important treaties on Danish architecture. In 1735 de Thurah received a royal grant to collect information and to write a comprehensive work on architecture in Denmark, detailing all the royal buildings in the country. This work, eventually called Den Danske Vitruvius (English: The Danish Vitruvius) (1746–48), would take up increasing amounts of his time as his architectural assignments diminished. Another central work of architectural importance by de Thurah is Hafnia Hodierna, published in 1748.
Additionally, he published illustrated books about Bornholm, Christiansø, Amager, Saltholm, and Samsø between 1756 and 1758).

</doc>
<doc id="2904507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904507" title="FlexRay">
FlexRay

FlexRay is an automotive network communications protocol developed by the FlexRay Consortium to govern on-board automotive computing. It is designed to be faster and more reliable than CAN and TTP, but it is also more expensive. VisualSim FlexRay library enables a system designer to construct models of complex standard and non-standard FlexRay topologies. This graphical model of the FlexRay topology can contain any number of nodes that transmit across the static and dynamic slots. The FlexRay consortium disbanded in 2009. The FlexRay standard is now a set of ISO standards ISO 17458-1 to 17458-5
Features.
FlexRay supports high data rates, up to , explicitly supports both star and "party line" bus topologies, and can have two independent data channels for fault-tolerance (communication can continue with reduced bandwidth if one channel is inoperative). The bus operates on a time cycle, divided into two parts: the static segment and the dynamic segment. The static segment is preallocated into slices for individual communication types, providing a stronger real-time guarantee than its predecessor CAN. The dynamic segment operates more like CAN, with nodes taking control of the bus as available, allowing event-triggered behavior.
Consortium.
The FlexRay Consortium was made up of the following core members:
There were also Premium Associate and Associate members of FlexRay consortium. By September 2009, there were 28 premium associate members and more than 60 associate members. At the end of 2009, the consortium disbanded.
Where used.
The first series production vehicle with FlexRay was at the end of 2006 in the BMW X5, enabling a new and fast adaptive damping system. Full use of FlexRay was introduced in 2008 in the new BMW 7 Series (F01).
Details.
Clock.
FlexRay system consists of a bus and processors (Electronic control unit, or ECUs).
Each ECU has an independent clock. The clock drift must be not more than 0.15% from the reference clock,
so the difference between the slowest and the fastest clock in the system is no greater than 0.3%.
This means that, if ECU-s is a sender and ECU-r is a receiver, then for every 300 cycles of the sender
there will be between 299 and 301 cycles of the receiver. The clocks are resynchronized frequently enough
to assure that this causes no problems. Clock is sent in static segment.
Bits on the bus.
At each time, only one ECU writes to the bus. Each bit to be sent is held on the bus for 8 sample clock cycles.
The receiver keeps a buffer of the last 5 samples, and uses the majority of the last 5 samples as the input signal.
Single-cycle transmission errors may affect results near the boundary of the bits, but will not affect cycles in the middle of the 8-cycle region.
Sampled bits.
The value of the bit is sampled in the middle of the 8-bit region.
The errors are moved to the extreme cycles, and the clock is synchronized frequently enough for the drift to be small. (Drift is smaller than 1 cycle per 300 cycles, and during transmission the clock is synchronized more than once every 300 cycles).
Frame.
All the communication is sent in the form of frames. The message consists of bytes formula_1, packed in the following way:
If nothing is being communicated, the bus is held in state 1 (high voltage), so every receiver knows that the communication started when the voltage drops to 0.
The receiver knows when the message is complete by checking whether BSS0 (1) or FES (0) was received.
Note that 8-cycle per bit has nothing to do with bytes. Each byte takes 80 cycles to transfer. 16 for BSS0 and BSS1 and 64 for its bits.
Also note that BSS0 has value 1, and BSS1 has value 0.
Clock synchronization.
Clocks are resynchronized when the voted signal changes from 1 to 0, if the receiver was in either idle state or expecting BSS1.
As synchronization is done on the voted signal, small transmission errors during synchronization that affect the boundary bits may skew the synchronization no more than 1 cycle. As there are at most 88 cycles between synchronization (BSS1, 8 bits of the last byte, FES and TES - 11 bits of 8 cycles each), and the clock drift is no larger than 1 per 300 cycles, the drift may skew the clock no more than 1 cycle. Small transmission errors during the receiving may affect only the boundary bits. So in the worst case the two middle bits are correct, and thus the sampled value is correct.
Here's an example of a particularly bad case - error during synchronization, a lost cycle due to clock drift and error in transmission.
Errors that happened in the example
Despite so many errors, the communication was received correctly.
The green cells are sampling points. All except the first are synchronized by the 1->0 edge in the transmission fragment shown.
<br style="clear:both">
Development tools.
When developing and/or troubleshooting the FlexRay bus, examination of hardware signals can be very important. Logic analyzers and bus analyzers are tools which collect, analyze, decode, store signals so people can view the high-speed waveforms at their leisure.
The future of FlexRay.
The bus has certain disadvantages like lower operating voltage levels and asymmetry of the edges, which leads to problems in extending the network length. Ethernet may replace FlexRay for bandwidth intensive, non-safety critical applications.

</doc>
<doc id="2904509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904509" title="Sims Supermarket">
Sims Supermarket

Sims Supermarket is a chain of independent supermarkets across the western suburbs of Melbourne, Australia.
Sims Supermarket stores are located in Footscray and Werribee. Sims IGA stores are located in Lilydale and North Blackburn. 
The Sims stores are owned and operated by the Sims family and were formerly known as SSW, or Self Service Wholesalers. Stores were previously located in Altona North, Deer Park, Glenroy, Lalor, Melton, North Melbourne, Pascoe Vale South, Sunshine, Hoppers Crossing, Thomastown and Yarraville. 
Sims Supermarkets were the first location in Australia to use barcodes, starting in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2904514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904514" title="Lodhi Road">
Lodhi Road

Lodhi Road (Hindi: लोधी मार्ग, Urdu: لودھی مارگ) in New Delhi, India, is named after the Lodhi Gardens located on it. Two Mughal mausoleums, Humayun's Tomb and Safdarjung's Tomb, lie at the eastern and western ends of the road respectively. A number of cultural, educational, and international institutions line the road. The Jor Bagh metro station lies under Aurobindo Marg near its intersection with Lodhi Road. Also located near it are Lodhi colony and Lodhi Estate built during British Raj in 1940s, and Lodhi Road Institutional Area.
History.
The road follows a 14th-century dirt track connecting Ghiyathpur (now Nizamuddin) village with the Bagh-i Jud (from which the present day Jor Bagh is derived), one of the earliest orchards mentioned in Sultanate records, before joining the larger road from Rewari and Gurgaon. It has been used by invading armies, most famously by Timur's troops in 1398.
The road has always marked a boundary between neighbouring settlements. During the 15th century it divided the Kotla Mubarakpur (of the Sayyids) from the necropolis of the Lodis. In the 16th and 17th centuries it marked the boundary between the Delhi and Mehrauli tehsils. The masonry bridge over the now dried-up rivulet of Jaitpur (the village occupying the site razed by the British in 1912) is a reminder of Mughal Emperor Akbar's interest in the region. By the late 18th century the road marked the edge of the then controversial Shia enclave of Alipur, which contained the remains, houses, and troops of some estranged Persian nobles of the later Mughal court.
Overview.
The road marked the edge of the original New Delhi Plan, and still defines the Lutyens Bungalow Zone (Lutyens' Delhi). Almost all the trees lining New Delhi's avenues can be traced to the Lodhi Road nursery, created as New Delhi was being planned. The road was significantly widened in preparation for the Asian Games of 1982.
The post-independence spurt of institutions constructed along Lodhi Road began with Jawaharlal Nehru's gift of some minor bungalow plots to the India International Center (IIC). The Ford Foundation, the architectural input of Joseph Allen Stein, the "brown sahib" bureaucrat nexus, and the approval of the Indian government, allowed the gradual growth of institutions built in a sultanate-cum-prairie architectural style extending as far as the Lodhi tombs in Lodhi Gardens, which Stein re-landscaped in 1968.
The Meteorological Department was soon followed by the international development community active in Delhi during the 1960s. UNICEF, WHF, and others acquired plots in what was developing into an enclave for the diplomatic and government elite. Subsequently the Chinmaya Mission, World Bank, INTACH and India Habitat Centre (IHC) constructed buildings in sympathetic materials and architectural styles. The area was referred to as Steinabad, and Stein remained involved with the construction until the early 1990s. In addition, the Research and Analysis Wing, India's external intelligence agency, is headquartered at Lodhi Road.
The area is largely an exclusive, elite preserve in the heart of the city, containing the offices of many large Indian companies.

</doc>
<doc id="2904516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904516" title="Reactor pressure vessel">
Reactor pressure vessel

A reactor pressure vessel in a nuclear power plant is the pressure vessel containing the nuclear reactor coolant, core shroud, and the reactor core.
Classification of nuclear power reactors.
Not all power reactors have a reactor pressure vessel. Power reactors are generally classified by the type of coolant rather than by the configuration of the reactor vessel used to contain the coolant. The classifications are:
Of the main classes of reactor with a pressure vessel, the pressurized water reactor is unique in that the pressure vessel suffers significant neutron irradiation (called fluence) during operation, and may become brittle over time as a result. In particular, the larger pressure vessel of the boiling water reactor is better shielded from the neutron flux, so although more expensive to manufacture in the first place because of this extra size, it has an advantage in not needing annealing to extend its life.
Annealing of pressurized water reactor vessels to extend their working life is a complex and high-value technology being actively developed by both nuclear service providers (AREVA) and operators of pressurized water reactors.
Components of a pressurized water reactor pressure vessel.
All pressurized water reactor pressure vessels share some features regardless of the particular design.
Reactor vessel body.
The reactor vessel body is the largest component and is designed to contain the fuel assembly, coolant, and fittings to support coolant flow and support structures. It is usually cylindrical in shape and is open at the top to allow the fuel to be loaded.
Reactor vessel head.
This structure is attached to the top of the reactor vessel body. It contains penetrations to allow the control rod driving mechanism to attach to the control rods in the fuel assembly. The coolant level measurement probe also enters the vessel through the reactor vessel head.
Fuel assembly.
The fuel assembly of nuclear fuel usually consisting of uranium or uranium/plutonium mixes. It is usually a rectangular block of gridded fuel rods.
Neutron reflector or absorber.
Protecting the inside of the vessel from fast neutron escaping from the fuel assembly is a cylindrical shield wrapped around the fuel assembly. Reflectors send the neutrons back into the fuel assembly to better utilize the fuel. The main purpose though is to protect the vessel from fast neutron induced damage that can make the vessel brittle and reduce its useful life.

</doc>
<doc id="2904518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904518" title="De Hoef, Utrecht">
De Hoef, Utrecht

De Hoef () is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of De Ronde Venen, and lies about 13 km northeast of Alphen aan den Rijn.
On 1 January 2005, it had 928 inhabitants (500 male, 428 female).
Flowing through the village is a meandering river called "de Kromme Mijdrecht", the width of which varies between about 8 and 35 metres. On average, it is used by about two freight ships per day, but in summer the river is full of pleasure boats.
Notable residents.
De Hoef is the birthplace of Nicolien Sauerbreij (born 1979) olympic champion snowboard

</doc>
<doc id="2904526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904526" title="Dōmei Tsushin">
Dōmei Tsushin

History and development.
Dōmei was the end result of years of efforts by Japanese journalists and business leaders to create a national news agency in Japan that could compete with (and if necessary counter) Reuters and other internationally-recognized news agencies on a global basis.
After the Manchurian Incident of 1931, president Yukichi Iwanaga (岩永 裕吉 "Iwanaga Yūkichi") of the Nihon Shimbun Rengosha (日本新聞聯合社 Associated Press, or “Rengo”) proposed the merger of his news agency with the Nihon Dempo Tsushinsha (日本電報通信社 Japan Telegraphic News Agency, or “Dentsu”). Despite government backing for the move, the merger was resisted by Dentsu president Hoshio Mitsunaga (光永 星郎 "Mitsunaga Hoshio"), who was reluctant to give up control of his company’s lucrative advertising business, and by concerns that a merger would threaten his advertising customer base – the provincial newspapers who competed against Rengo. As a compromise, Mitsunaga agreed to split Dentsu, and separate the news agency from the advertising agency. The news agency was reorganized in a merger with Rengo on 28 December 1935 to form the Dōmei Tsūshinsha.
During World War II, Dōmei News Agency came under the control of the Ministry of Communications (Japan), a pre-war cabinet level ministry in the Japanese government. Domei maintained a network of offices outside Japan, dispatching reporters to all allied and neutral countries, and was also involved in film and radio work. It also collected news and information from various sources to pass on to the government and military, and produced various works of propaganda aimed at foreign countries.
Dōmei issued news to the public that was censored along government-approved lines, and broadcast news in Japanese and in major European languages through an extensive network of radio stations in east Asia, Manchukuo and in Japanese-occupied China. It was later authorized by the Japanese military to develop a news network and radio stations in Japanese-occupied Singapore and Malaya.
A number of documented incidents from the period around the outbreak of the Pacific War show that on a personal level Dōmei's staff had good relationships with foreign journalists.
Under the Allied occupation of Japan Dōmei was disbanded, and its functions divided split between Kyodo News (共同通信社) and Jiji Press (時事通信社) in 1945 following the end of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="2904532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904532" title="William J. Diehl">
William J. Diehl

William J. Diehl (January 22, 1845 – September 22, 1929), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1899 to 1901.
Early life.
Diehl was born in 1845 and worked as a bookkeeper in his early career. He entered the public service as a Deputy Sheriff for four years followed by work in the city treasury office in the 1870s. His main fortune was in the oil and gas industries around the region. Diehl was also a thirty-third degree Mason.
Pittsburgh politics.
During his two years as mayor, Diehl oversaw a city growing to its full commercial and industrial potential. The ritzy and exclusive business forum Duquesne Club was founded in the city, as well as the amalgamation of Andrew Carnegie's vast industrial empire into U.S. Steel was completed. Mayor Diehl's administration successfully completed the rudimentary expressway Bigelow Boulevard to the east neighborhoods of the city.
Mayor Diehl died in 1929 and is buried in Allegheny Cemetery in Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="2904538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904538" title="ABC Classic FM">
ABC Classic FM

ABC Classic FM is a classical music radio station available in Australia, and internationally online. It is operated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). It was established in 1976 as "ABC-FM", and later for a short time was known as "ABC Fine Music" (a play on the letters FM), before adopting its current name. It was the ABC's first experiment in FM broadcasting – which had become a necessity in Australia as broadcasters ran out of AM frequencies on which to transmit.
ABC Classic FM, inspired partly by the example of BBC Radio 3, broadcasts classical music, operas, recitals, live concerts, jazz and music analysis programs.
The monthly arts magazine "Limelight" was, under its former name "24 Hours" (1976–2003), originally owned and published by the ABC. It is now independently owned and published, but continues a strong affiliation with the ABC and with ABC Classic FM in particular, and provides details of the station's forthcoming programs.
News bulletins.
In common with all ABC Radio stations (other than Triple J, which operates its own service), it also carries news bulletins produced by ABC News. On 19 December 2005, in line with the policy applied at every ABC Radio network (except Triple J and Radio Australia), these news bulletins became state-based rather than national.
On weekdays, ABC Classic FM's news bulletins are broadcast at 5:00, 5:30, 6:00 AEST/AEDT and then hourly (except at 12:00, 14:00 and 15:00) until 19.00. At weekends, news bulletins are broadcast hourly from 5:00 till 10:00, then at 12:00, 17:00 and 19:00. All news broadcasts, other than an extended 10-minute bulletin at 7:00, run for five minutes.
Classic 100 countdowns.
Since 2001, ABC Classic FM has organised a number of "Classic 100 Countdown" surveys. The results of each survey are decided by votes cast by the listeners of the radio station. The works are broadcast in reverse order of popularity over seven to ten days. The countdown culminates in the broadcast of a live concert featuring the most popular pieces and finishes with the number one listener choice. A feature of the countdown is that each piece is kept secret until just before its broadcast (including the pieces featured in the final concert).

</doc>
<doc id="2904539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904539" title="Organisation for National Development">
Organisation for National Development

Organisation for National Development is a political party in Antigua and Barbuda. The party was formed in January 2003, by a group that left the United Progressive Party. Founders included Glentis Goodwin (chairman of the new party), Melford Nicholas and Valerie Samuel.
Following its formation, OND denounced the UPP leadership as 'corrupt and dictatorial'.

</doc>
<doc id="2904545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904545" title="Bass Coast Rail Trail">
Bass Coast Rail Trail

The Bass Coast Rail Trail is a Rail trail located in the Bass Coast Shire of Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. 
The trail has been constructed along a section of the former Wonthaggi line. The trail starts at the former Anderson Station and finishes shortly after the former Wonthaggi Station. The trail is long and travels from Anderson heading towards the coast downhill to Kilcunda, heading along coastal sand dunes into the open farmland surrounding Wonthaggi.
The original railway line opened in 1910, being used for the transport of coal from Kilcunda and Wonthaggi, and local agricultural produce, as well as for public transport. The line was closed in 1978.
Route description.
From Anderson to Kilcunda the trail drops in height as it winds down through farming country. Here, the gravel path is overgrown and trail users need to negotiate several gates. The rail trail at Kilcunda is built on the coastal sand dunes and incorporates a landmark trestle bridge over Bourne Creek. Path users have panoramic scenic views of the Bass Strait coast and the Wonthaggi Wind Farm that was erected during 2005. 
Heading towards Wonthaggi, the trail passes through flat agricultural fields, and is not always well maintained with grass being allowed to overgrow the path. The trail uses a few small bridges to cross the Powlett River and tributaries. The trail near Wonthaggi is packed gravel and features the heritage listed Wonthaggi station, and the historic Central Mine Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="2904549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904549" title="Phil Baroni">
Phil Baroni

Philip George Baroni (born April 16, 1976) is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in the Welterweight division and has also fought as a Middleweight. Baroni is perhaps best known for his stint in the UFC where he holds a record of 3–7. He has also fought in Pride FC, Strikeforce, Cage Rage, Dream, EliteXC, ONE FC, PFC, and Titan FC. Baroni has developed a reputation for his boxing ability and knockout power with 10 of his 15 career wins coming by way of knockout, although he owns an accomplished wrestling background as well. He trains in the American Kickboxing Academy, where he is featured in the television show "Fight Factory" on NuvoTV. Baroni is also known for his rivalries with Matt Lindland, Ikuhisa Minowa, and the late Evan Tanner.
Background.
Baroni grew up in Massapequa Park in Long Island, New York, attending Massapequa High School where he was on the wrestling team, but was expelled when he was a senior for assaulting a janitor at the school, only a week before the state wrestling championships in which he was ranked first. Baroni attended Nassau Community College and became a two time All-American wrestler there, placing fifth and second in the nation. Baroni then attended Hofstra University before transferring to Central Michigan University, where he was a double major in biology and psychology, and earned his degree in psychology. He was also an amateur bodybuilder from the age of 17 to 20, competing in six shows in which he placed either first or second. He studied kickboxing under Keith Trimble, and had seven matches, winning all by knockout. He also competed in 10 amateur boxing matches, also winning all 10 by knockout.
Mixed martial arts career.
UFC.
Baroni debuted in the UFC in only his second professional fight, at UFC 30 in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The bout was against fellow striking specialist Curtis Stout, and Baroni won by unanimous decision. Baroni was an undefeated 3-0 before getting his second fight with the UFC at UFC 34 against Matt Lindland, whom Baroni would develop a rivalry with later in their careers. Baroni lost the fight by decision, and was handed his first professional loss. However, Baroni would then quickly make a name for himself in the UFC with several impressive stoppage victories. His signature win was a decisive KO victory over former UFC Middleweight Champion Dave Menne on September 27, 2002. Baroni famously jumped on the top of the cage and proclaimed himself to be the "best eva" after the knockout of Menne.
Baroni then rematched Matt Lindland to whom he had previously lost to by judges' decision. In their rematch, Baroni suffered a second loss to Lindland by another judges' decision. He was then matched up against a teammate of Matt Lindland, future UFC Middleweight Champion Evan Tanner at UFC 45 – Revolution. Baroni dominated the beginning of the match against Tanner, but when the fight was stopped to check a cut on Tanner, Tanner regained his composure and the momentum turned, leading to the referee stopping the fight due to Baroni taking several undefended strikes on the ground. This decision was controversial as the referee Larry Landless had asked Baroni if he wanted to quit. Baroni said he believed he was asked if he wanted to continue, and said "yes". Landless stopped the bout, and was struck by a furious Baroni. Baroni was subsequently suspended for 4 months for striking the official. Upon his return Baroni got a rematch with Tanner at UFC 48 – Payback but went on to lose via decision.
Despite losing three fights in a row, the UFC matched Baroni against the relatively unknown Pete Sell. Following training with Enson Inoue, Baroni dominated early on with numerous takedowns and a dominant standup, however, Sell secured a guillotine choke and Baroni appeared to lose consciousness, but then tapped out for the first time in his career thereby ending the fight.
PRIDE.
Baroni joined Hammer House soon thereafter and rebounded in Japan's PRIDE Fighting Championships promotion with several knockout victories against Ikuhisa Minowa, Ryo Chonan, and Yuki Kondo. On June 4, 2006, Baroni was summarily defeated by Ikuhisa Minowa, whom he had developed a rivalry with, via unanimous decision in the Bushido Welterweight Grand Prix tournament in 2005.
On October 21, 2006 Baroni captured a victory over boxer turned mixed martial artist Yosuke Nishijima via kimura in the first round at PRIDE 32, PRIDE's first American show. In the post-fight interview Baroni humorously admitted that he did not know the name of the hold he applied and only saw it on television a couple days before the fight.
Feud with Frank Shamrock.
Frank Shamrock and Baroni had engaged in a war of words following Shamrock's fight with Renzo Gracie. The two faced off at Strikeforce Shamrock vs. Baroni, a co-promotion between EliteXC and Strikeforce on June 22, 2007 on Pay-Per-View.[http://blogs.chron.com/fighting/2007/02/elitexc_debut_lacked_bigleague_1.html]
Shamrock defeated Baroni, knocking him down with punches in the first round and finishing him off with a rear naked choke in the second round. It was ruled a technical submission victory for Shamrock as Baroni was choked unconscious before he could tap. Baroni stated many times that he was not going to tap anyway.
Steroid use.
Following the Shamrock fight, the California State Athletic Commission announced that Baroni tested positive for two types of anabolic steroids, boldenone and stanozolol. Baroni appealed the $2500 fine and faced a one-year suspension. Ultimately, the fine was upheld although the suspension was reduced to six months.[http://www.mmaweekly.com/absolutenm/templates/dailynews.asp?articleid=4262&zoneid=13]
Baroni had asked that the remaining urine from the test conducted by Quest be sent to the Carlson Company, a laboratory located in Colorado Springs, Colorado. While it did not appear among the 40 facilities recommended by the CSAC, Carlson appealed to the fighter as a rare lab that tested for both DNA and steroids.
There was not enough of a sample for the lab to determine the identity of its owner, though Carlson apparently had enough to determine the sample they received from Quest did not contain boldenone or stanozolol.
ICON Sport.
Baroni faced Hawaii's Kala Hose on March 15, 2008 for the vacant ICON Sport Middleweight title. Former champion Robbie Lawler was stripped of the title due to his inability to defend it on numerous occasions. While Baroni came out strong during the first round of the fight, his stamina began to fade and Hose started to dominate the fight. Hose ultimately defeated Baroni by TKO early in the fifth round to become the new ICON Sport Middleweight Champion.
EliteXC.
Baroni went up against Joey Villasenor in the first ever live network television broadcast of MMA on CBS. In the beginning of the fight Baroni looked really active and caught Villasenor's high kick which brought him down to the mat where Baroni threw a couple punches from guard. Baroni then let Villasenor stand up, Baroni then got tagged a couple times and was put into a guillotine choke. Villasenor then let go of the choke and started unloading unanswered punches that dazed Baroni prompting the referee to stop the fight at the 1:11 mark of the opening round. This was Baroni's second TKO loss in a row.
Cage Rage.
Baroni made his Cage Rage and Welterweight debut at Cage Rage 27 on July 12, 2008, against British fighter Scott Jansen. He began the fight with a solid takedown, and came close to finishing the fight with a tight straight armbar in which he appeared to hyper-extend Jansen's arm. Following a standup call from the referee, the two fighters exchanged, Baroni throwing a hard right to the body, followed by a right-handed haymaker which landed on Jansen's chin. Jansen dropped heavily, his head bouncing off the floor.
Afterward, Baroni went to check on Jansen and was blindsided by a brother of the flattened fighter that had made his way into the cage with the Brit's cornermen. Holding up his hands to fend off a headbutt, Baroni kept his cool and the encounter did not escalate.
Strikeforce.
In his second appearance in the promotion, he lost to Joe Riggs at on June 6, 2009 in St. Louis, Missouri at Scottrade Center.
Return to UFC.
In late 2009 Baroni returned to once again fight in the UFC.
He signed a multi-fight deal & his return fight was at UFC 106 on November 21, 2009 against TUF 7 winner Amir Sadollah. Sadollah defeated Baroni by unanimous decision.
After a decision loss to Sadollah, Phil Baroni spent 2 months in Phuket, Thailand learning Muay Thai at Tiger Muay Thai (TMT) with legendary coach Kru Yod. He practiced kicks, knees and elbows to improve his striking game. He also celebrated his 34th birthday in Phuket. The TMT crew posted videos of Baroni's workouts, showing how the training sessions improved Baroni's stand up technique, and work with nutritionist/strength & conditioning coach brought Baroni back to incredibly good shape in two months.
Baroni stated his intentions to return to the Middleweight division.
Baroni was scheduled to face John Salter on August 28, 2010 at UFC 118, however he was forced off the card with an injury.
Baroni next fought TUF 11 alumni, Brad Tavares at UFC 125. After dropping Tavares with a left hook early, Baroni was caught with a high kick in the later part of the round with Tavares eventually securing the TKO victory. At the post-fight interview with Ariel Helwani, Baroni said that he is expecting to be cut from UFC, but he refuses to quit. Baroni was then subsequently released.
He held a UFC record of 3–7.
Post UFC.
After his UFC release, less than two weeks later, Baroni signed a new multi-fight contract with Titan Fighting Championships. He fought at Titan Fighting Championships 17 against Nick Nolte. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Baroni returned from shoulder surgery against local favorite Chris Holland on June 2, 2012 at Ring of Fire 43: Bad Blood. Baroni dominated Holland in the first round, taking Holland down multiple times and landing heavy punches that opened a gash above Holland's left eyebrow. Baroni was visibly tired heading into the second round and was rocked by multiple hooks from Holland, Baroni ended up losing via TKO due punches in the second round.
ONE Fighting Championship.
On July 18 it was announced that Baroni would be facing Yoshiyuki Yoshida at at the Singapore Indoor Stadium on September 3. Baroni lost the fight via unanimous decision. After the fight Baroni had surgery on a shoulder injury which had affected him since college.
Baroni was scheduled to face Roger Huerta at on June 23 but he was pulled from the fight after his TKO loss to Chris Holland on June 2.
On August 31, 2012 Baroni faced Rodrigo Ribeiro at ONE FC: Pride of a Nation. Baroni stunned Ribiero with the first punch he threw, Baroni chased a wobbly Ribiero landing heavy punches as the Brazilian retreated; Baroni then knocked Ribiero down with a punch combination and finished the fight due to soccer kicks and punches just sixty seconds into round one. Baroni became the first man to ever knock out Ribiero, the 60-second victory marks Baroni's first knockout win in over four years.
Baroni represented ONE FC in a fighter-sharing program at Dream 18 on December 31, 2012 against Hayato Sakurai. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Baroni next appeared on the card against Nobutatsu Suzuki. He lost the fight due to an ankle injury.
Bellator MMA.
It was announced on March 13, 2014 that Baroni had signed a deal with Bellator MMA, and was expected to make his debut against Jesus Martinez on May 2, 2014. However, Baroni was forced out of the bout due to injury and was replaced by Ryan Contaldi.
Baroni is expected to face Karo Parisyan in his debut fight at Bellator 122 on July 25, 2014.
MMA commentating.
Since April 2009, Baroni has occasionally worked as an MMA commentator for the MMA Big Show fight organization, Tachi Palace Fights, and India's Super Fight League.
Personal life.
Baroni and his girlfriend were married on October 12, 2008. Baroni was formerly represented for years by MMA agent Ken Pavia but since his move to American Kickboxing Academy Baroni's been managed by Bob Cook and DeWayne Zinkin of Zinkin Entertainment and Sports Management. Before becoming a professional fighter, Baroni worked various jobs including construction, delivering pizzas, bouncing and a car salesman.

</doc>
<doc id="2904569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904569" title="Municipality of Šentilj">
Municipality of Šentilj

The Municipality of Šentilj () is a municipality in Slovenia. The seat of the municipality is the town of Šentilj v Slovenskih Goricah (German: "St. Egidi in Windischbüheln"). This town was an Austria-Slovenia border crossing checkpoint until December 21, 2007, when all immigration and customs checks ended after Slovenia joined the Schengen Area. The Austrian town opposite Šentilj is Spielfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="2904572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904572" title="Henry P. Ford">
Henry P. Ford

Henry Parker Ford (October 15, 1837 – April 21, 1905) was Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1896 to 1899.
Early life.
Henry Parker Ford was born in Hudson, New York in 1837. He first worked as an accountant, experiencing much success in the trade. His skills in finance served him well in the expanding commercial center of Pittsburgh and led to his association in many industries in the city. He founded Emerson, Ford and Company, a manufacturing concern whose specialty was saw blades. In 1881 he was elected to city council.
Pittsburgh politics.
For a city that sometimes goes by the nickname "city of bridges" and claims to have more bridges then any other city outside of Venice, Italy, Mayor Ford was perfect. He was the founder of the city's Department of Bridges during his term. Mayor Ford also oversaw the creation of Pittsburgh Police Department's Bicycle patrol in 1896 as well as the first water filtration in the city.
Ford died in 1905. He is buried in Homewood Cemetery on the city's east end.

</doc>
<doc id="2904575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904575" title="East Asian rainy season">
East Asian rainy season

The East Asian rainy season, commonly called the plum rain (Chinese: 梅雨, "méiyǔ"; , "tsuyu", "baiu"; , "jangma", Russian: затяжные, "zatyazhnie"), is caused by precipitation along a persistent stationary front known as the Meiyu front for nearly two months during the late spring and early summer between eastern Russia, China, Taiwan, Korea, and Japan. The wet season ends during the summer when the subtropical ridge becomes strong enough to push this front north of the region.
Formation.
An east-west zone of disturbed weather during spring along this front stretches from the east China coast, initially across Taiwan and Okinawa, later, when it has shifted to the north, eastward into the southern peninsula of South Korea and Japan. The rainy season usually lasts from May to June in Taiwan and Okinawa, from June to July (approximately 50 days) in Russian Primorsky Krai, Japan and Korea and from July to August in Eastern China (especially the Chang Jiang and Huai He regions).
The weather front forms when the moist air over the Pacific meets the cooler continental air mass. The front and the formation of frontal depressions along it brings precipitation to Primorsky Krai, Japan, Korea, eastern China, and Taiwan. As the front moves back and forth depending on the strength of cool and warm air masses, there is often prolonged precipitation and sometimes flooding in eastern China. However, in the years that it does not rain as much as usual, a drought might result. The rainy season ends when the warm air mass associated with the subtropical ridge is strong enough to push the front north and away.
Effects.
The high humidity in the air during this season encourages the formation of mold and rot not only on food but on fabrics as well.
Environmentally, heavy rains encourage mudslides and flooding in all areas affected. The most rain in a one-hour period as recorded in Japan was in Nagasaki in 1982 with 153 mm. The highest overall recorded rainfall during the rainy season in Japan 2003, Miyazaki Prefecture recorded rains of 8670 mm.
Japan.
In Japan, the season lasts from early June to mid-July for most of the country (on the main island of Honshū and the islands of Kyūshū and Shikoku), approximately June 7 to July 20 for the main Kansai and Kantō regions. It comes a month earlier to Okinawa in the south (early May through mid-June), but Hokkaidō in the north is largely unaffected. The season is occasionally called "Samidare" (written: 五月雨 literally "May Rain (in Japanese traditional calendar)"; corresponds roughly to June in modern calendar) on account of this timing. The enka artist Eiichi Ōtaki produced a popular song by this name, and a WW2 Japanese naval ship was also given this name.
The rains in the middle of November - early December are often called "Sazanka Tsuyu", literally "rainy season of the Camellia" on account of the timing with the blossoming of the seasonal flower.
This period is generally avoided for tourism, but some sights are considered particularly atmospheric in the rain and fog, particularly mountain forests, notably Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range (including Mount Kōya). Vegetation, especially moss, is also rather lush at this time, and hence sights known for their moss, such as Saihō-ji (the moss temple) are also popular at this time of year.
Korea.
The rainy season is between June and mid-July. It is caused by hot and humid high pressure forming in the Sea of Okhotsk due to the North Pacific anticyclone combining with Asiatic continental high pressure. When the two meteorological events meet they form a long "jangmajeonseon" (Hanja:(-前线)). Beginning in late-May, the North Pacific high pressure forces the weaker continental anticyclone south of the island of Okinawa. This fall to the south then reverses and gradually strengthens as it moves northwards back towards the Korean peninsula. On landfall, heavy monsoon rains lead to torrential downpours and flooding. By August the system has weakened as the southern systems retreat towards the Filipino archipelago.
By early autumn, the North Pacific high pressure system is pushed away as Asiatic continental cold high pressure moves southwards. This produces inclement weather although not on the scale of the summer monsoons. Korea can, however, be struck by hurricanes during this period.
Timing.
In some years, the rainy season's actual beginning and end are under debate. For example, in 2005, the subtropical ridge moved quickly northward in late June/early July. The weather front skipped the Chang Jiang region and there was no rainy season there. Then, the ridge retreated southward and there was significant rainfall in the region. This gave rise to the question of whether this was the summer-type rainfall pattern that is common after the first rainy season or the second rainy season. Some meteorologists even argued that the rainy period in late June was not a true rainy season.

</doc>
<doc id="2904587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904587" title="Leland Olds">
Leland Olds

Leland Olds (December 31, 1890 – August 5, 1960) was an American economist. Olds was interested in labor, development of public electric power, and ecology.
Olds is a son of George Olds, president of Amherst College. He studied mathematics at Amherst. At Amherst he was influenced by the social work movement and the Social Gospel.
“Jolly, witty, informal” as well as “very fair-minded” and an accomplished cellist, Olds had been a minister, a teacher at Amherst, a researcher both for the federal government and the American Federation of Labor and a labor journalist before he met Franklin D. Roosevelt. As governor of New York, Roosevelt appointed him to the New York State Power Authority. Olds believed in the “complete passing of the old order of capitalism”. A complete transformation of the American economic system was needed, which had to depart from its laissez-faire impetus and economic individualism. As an alternative, Olds favored consumer cooperation as the basis of a new American economic model. Complementary to his cooperative beliefs, Olds was “very much consumer oriented”.
Olds was a deeply religious and idealistic man, who after a long search for a worthy cause to give purpose to his life, had completely dedicated himself to the public power fight. Wide availability of cheap power was crucial, Olds felt, for the social well being of the mass of the American people.
Olds believed that, together with regulation and community owned power generation and distribution, consumer cooperation was the key to a fair power policy. In 1927 Olds advocated the operating of all hydropower utilities as “giant consumer cooperatives”.
Olds’s cooperative beliefs had come in the place of his earlier radicalism. In 1930/’31 he served as the “manager” of the American lecture tour of the famed Irish poet and cooperative propagandist Æ (George Russell). AE’s charisma convinced Olds even further of the necessity to organize all of society along cooperative lines.
In 1936, Olds served on Roosevelt's Presidential Inquiry Commission on Cooperative Enterprise in Europe. Roosevelt appointed him to the Federal Power Commission in June 1939, and he served as chairman of the commission from January, 1940 until 1949.
Under his leadership the Federal Power Commission successfully pressured electric utilities to extend power into neglected rural areas and to lower electricity rates in order to increase use. This paved the way for much of the success of the American middle class in the duration of the 20th century. 
His insistence on enforcing the Natural Gas Act of 1938 raised the ire of the Texas Oil industry and led to the end of his career at the Federal Power Commission. Robert Caro's book "Master of the Senate" describes how Lyndon B. Johnson defeated Old's re-appointment by orchestrating a smear campaign to accuse Olds of Communist sympathies.. This involved utilizing the staff of the House Un-American Activities Committee to dig up old writings which were then taken out of context to falsely paint Olds as a communist or communist sympathizer. The subcommittee in charge of reappointment was stacked against Olds and anti-Olds witnesses appearing before the committee were coached by Johnson. 

</doc>
<doc id="2904594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904594" title="RealPC">
RealPC

RealPC was a Macintosh program that emulates an x86 PC, allowing the use of MS-DOS, Windows NT, Windows 95, and Windows 98. RealPC was compatible with PowerPC macs running system software 7.1.2 through 9.2. Requirements were: Any Power Macintosh or Mac OS compatible, System 7.1.2 or later, Minimum 16 Mbytes of Ram, hard drive space for 50 Mbytes (MS-DOS), 60 Mbytes (Windows 3.x), 130 Mbytes (Windows 95), and any Macintosh compatible CD-ROM drive. RealPC emulated a Pentium-based PC with MMX technology, supported Sound Blaster and MMX, and allowed you to use a Macintosh joystick, allowing you to run PC programs, including MS-DOS, and Windows, games and applications, alongside your existing Macintosh applications. RealPC was provided with MS-DOS 6.22 already installed, so you could immediately run MS-DOS games and applications on your Macintosh. Linux was not supported and due to shared RAM between MAC-OS and RealPC Windows-98 was the reasonable limit. RealPC was able to convert Virtual-PC hard disk files to use and run the installed OS.
RealPC was discontinued in 2003.
Related links.
RealPC is a rebranded SoftPC

</doc>
<doc id="2904605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904605" title="Peter Duck">
Peter Duck

Peter Duck is the third book in the Swallows and Amazons series by Arthur Ransome. The Swallows and Amazons sail to Crab Island with Captain Flint and Peter Duck, an old sailor, to recover buried treasure. During the voyage the "Wildcat" (Captain Flint's ship) is chased by another vessel, the "Viper", whose piratical crew are also intending to recover the treasure.
The book, first published in 1932, it is considered to be one of the metafictional books in the series, along with "Missee Lee" and perhaps "Great Northern?".
Sources.
The appearance, sailing background and many of the characteristics of Peter Duck are based on Captain Sehmel, a Latvian sailor who accompanied Ransome on a cruise aboard his yacht "Racundra" in the Baltic Sea, as documented in Ransome's sailing book, "Racundra's First Cruise".
Ransome used as a major resource for "Peter Duck" a book by one of his favourite sailing authors, E. F. Knight, "The Cruise of the Alerte". This describes a treasure-seeking expedition on the volcanic island of Trindade, off Brazil (sometimes known as "Trinidad" but not to be confused with the larger Caribbean island of that name). Trindade has many features in common with Peter Duck's Crab Island, including mountains, landslides, jungles and loathsome land crabs.
Chronology.
By publication date, "Peter Duck" is the third book in the series, but the story is supposed to be one created by the Swallows and Amazons while staying on a Norfolk wherry with Captain Flint in the winter between the first two books. Two early chapters describing this creation process were written by Arthur Ransome before he started "Swallowdale". This opening was discarded from the final version of the book when it was published after "Swallowdale". However, Peter Duck is mentioned in "Swallowdale" as Titty's imaginary friend from a story made up by the Swallows and Amazons.
Plot summary.
The Swallows and Amazons are in Lowestoft, preparing for a cruise aboard a schooner, the "Wild Cat", with Captain Flint, the Blacketts' uncle Jim Turner. Unfortunately the other adult (Sam Bideford) cannot come and so the cruise is threatened until Peter Duck, an elderly seaman, offers to come along to help.
In the harbour a larger black schooner, the "Viper", is fitting out for a voyage and Peter Duck's presence aboard the "Wild Cat" interests Black Jake, the "Viper"’s captain. Peter Duck spins a yarn about a treasure that he saw being buried long ago, when marooned on a desert island in the Caribbean Sea, and which Black Jake wants to find. When the "Wild Cat" sails, the "Viper" is quick to follow and trails her down the English Channel, at one point threatening to board her in the night.
In a fog off Land's End, the crew of the "Wild Cat" give the "Viper" the slip but pick up the "Viper"’s cabin boy, Bill, who has been set adrift to try and fool the "Wild Cat"’s crew with false signals. They continue across the Atlantic Ocean to Crab Island where they spend several days searching in vain for Peter Duck's treasure. 
When a hurricane blows up, Peter Duck and Captain Flint take the "Wild Cat" out to sea to ride out the storm, leaving the Swallows and Amazons ashore. There is an earthquake during the storm, and when the schooner returns all the paths to the treasure-hunters' camp are blocked by landslides and fallen trees. However, a fallen palm tree exposes a small box, Peter Duck's treasure, which the children recover. They decide to sail round to the anchorage as the land route is blocked.
While Captain Flint attempts to cross the island to rescue the Swallows and Amazons, the "Viper" arrives and Peter Duck and Bill are captured. The crew of the "Viper" also go ashore to look for the treasure. The children rescue Peter Duck and Bill, and then the "Wild Cat" sails back to the other side and pick up Captain Flint just before Black Jake arrives. They attempt to sail away from the island but the wind dies and the "Viper" looks like catching them, when they are saved by a waterspout which destroys the "Viper". They return home safely without further incident. The treasure proves to be a collection of pearls.

</doc>
<doc id="2904606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904606" title="Aykin Tolepbergen">
Aykin Tolepbergen

Aykin Tolepbergen (Kaz: Айкын Толепберген) (born February 10 1982 in Almaty, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union (present Kazakhstan)) is a Kazakh singer who rose to popularity after placing ninth in "SuperStar KZ", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol", shown by Perviy Kanal Evraziya. In 2006, Aykin has been in the studio recording songs for his first CD, he has already released his first music video "Корабли" which was filmed in downtown Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Aykin lives with his mother Gulzada; father Nurtan; brother Aydyn; sister Gaukhar.
Musical influences: Boyz II Men, India.Arie & Jennifer Lopez.Favorite actors: Jennifer Lopez, Marilyn Monroe & Nicole Kidman.
SuperStar KZ performances.
Semi Finals: Top 12: "Can't Help Falling In Love" by Elvis PresleyTop 11: "Где Же Ты?" by K-7Top 10: "Я Встретил Девушку"Top 9: "I Just Called To Say I Love You" by Stevie Wonder

</doc>
<doc id="2904607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904607" title="Gumbay Piang">
Gumbay Piang

Datu Gumbay Piang (1905 - 1946) was a Maguindanaon leader.
Gumbay Piang was born in Dulawan, Cotabato, in 1905, a son of the Moro leader Datu Piang from his sixth wife, Polindao. He was trained as a pedagogist at the (then US Administered) Philippine Normal School in Manila. Gumbay worked his way through the bureaucracy where he served for different school boards of his province.
When the Second World War erupted, Gumbay Piang, along with fellow Moro leaders such as Salipada Pendatun, organized the famed resistance group named the Moro-Bolo Battalion during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines to fight the Japanese. The insignia of the group was the bolo and the kris, the respective weapons of Christian and Muslim populations, respectively, symbolizing a united front against the Japanese aggressors. The Moro-Bolo Battalion consisted of about 20,000 men. Gumbay Piang's Cotabato Moros used Bolo knives to fight the Japanese, and swore that they would "fight to the last".
He was forced to retire from the resistance as a prisoner of war as he suffered chronic asthma attacks. When the Philippines was liberated from the Japanese forces, Gumbay Piang ran for congress in the First Republic of the Philippines. In 1946, he succumbed to death due to asthma, and his death marked the quiet exit of the Piangs from national politics.

</doc>
<doc id="2904613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904613" title="Proof by assertion">
Proof by assertion

Proof by assertion, sometimes informally referred to as proof by repeated assertion, is an informal fallacy in which a proposition is repeatedly restated regardless of contradiction. Sometimes, this may be repeated until challenges dry up, at which point it is asserted as fact due to its not being contradicted ("argumentum ad nauseam"). In other cases, its repetition may be cited as evidence of its truth, in a variant of the appeal to authority or appeal to belief fallacies.
This fallacy is sometimes used as a form of rhetoric by politicians, or during a debate as a filibuster. In its extreme form, it can also be a form of brainwashing.
Modern politics contains many examples of proof by assertions. This practice can be observed in the use of political slogans, and the distribution of "talking points", which are collections of short phrases that are issued to members of modern political parties for recitation to achieve maximum message repetition. The technique is also sometimes used in advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="2904614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904614" title="Khalid A. H. Ansari">
Khalid A. H. Ansari

Khalid Abdul Hamid Ansari is an Indian businessman and journalist. He is the Chairman of the Mid-Day Group of publications based in Mumbai, and of Inquilab Publications Ltd. He is the son of Abdul Hameed Ansari, independence activist and Congressman, who founded Inquilab Publications Ltd in 1937 during the freedom movement. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 2001. He has also written a number of books on cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="2904615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904615" title="Carl Reinhold Sahlberg">
Carl Reinhold Sahlberg

Carl Reinhold Sahlberg (January 22, 1779, Eura – October 18, 1860, Yläne) was a Finno-Swede naturalist, primarily an entomologist specializing in beetles.
In 1818 Carl Reinhold Sahlberg succeeded Carl Niclas Hellenius as professor of economy and natural history at Finland’s then only University in Turku (Åbo), the Academy of Åbo. In 1827 the town and the university were destroyed by fire. The remnants of the natural history collections were taken to Helsingfors where the University then moved under the name of Imperial University Alexander of Helsingfors (and eventually became University of Helsinki in 1918 — the old chair in economy and natural history was renamed "zoology and botany"). Sahlberg replaced the lost collections, played a major role in establishing a new botanical garden in Helsingfors, and with his pupils organised a scientific society "Societas pro fauna et flora fennica". Its only scope was natural history. The society widened to include other sectors of biology only in 1921 .
Collections.
Sahlberg's insect collection is in the Finnish Museum of Natural History.

</doc>
<doc id="2904617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904617" title="Ever Reviled Records">
Ever Reviled Records

Ever Reviled Records is a record label founded by Darren Deicide that releases counterculture music.
Ever Reviled Records was founded in 1998 and has released albums by David Rovics, Darren Deicide, The Old Man and his Po Buckra, Nathan Carpenter, Cuomo!, Hopeless Dregs of Humanity, Give Us Barabbas, Thought Breakers and Rational Solution.

</doc>
<doc id="2904620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904620" title="Lewis Evans (surveyor)">
Lewis Evans (surveyor)

Lewis Evans (ca. 17001756 New York), was a Welsh surveyor and geographer, working principally in British America.
Lewis Evans was born in Caernarfonshire, Wales. He travelled to the British colonies in North America and produced the following maps:
The latter map, whose creation was inspired and supported by British colonial observer Thomas Pownall, was used by General Edward Braddock during the French and Indian War. Evans also undertook work for Benjamin Franklin. Lewis Evans lies in the famous Christ Church Burial Ground in Philadelphia. After his death, his only daughter Amelia (Philadelphia 1744-Hythe, Southampton 1835) was brought up by Deborah and Benjamin Franklin. She happened to live in Tunis and married a captain of the Irish Merchant marine, David Barry, who died in Pisa and was buried in the Old English Cemetery, Livorno in 1781. She published anonymously "Memoirs of Maria, a Persian Slave, 1790". The painter and engraver Alfredo Müller (1869-1939), and his brother Rodolfo (1876-1947), cycling champion, are among her descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="2904624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904624" title="Songs for Swingin' Lovers!">
Songs for Swingin' Lovers!

"Songs for Swingin' Lovers!" was the tenth studio album recorded by the American singer Frank Sinatra, his fourth for Capitol Records, it was arranged by Nelson Riddle and released in March 1956. 
It took an alternative track after "In the Wee Small Hours" (1955), recording existing pop standards in a hipper, jazzier fashion, revealing an overall exuberance in the vein of "Songs for Young Lovers" and "Swing Easy!". The original cover had Sinatra facing away from the young couple, but in 1957 Capitol altered the cover with a new image of Sinatra facing the couple. All CD releases have retained the new cover.
In 2000 the album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, and ranked number 306 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time in 2003. Despite that relatively low ranking, Sinatra aficionados tend to view it as either his best or second best album (to "Wee Small Hours") and many experts consider it to be the greatest album of all time.
The LP was the first number one album in the UK. It was knocked off the top after two weeks by "Carousel" (the 1956 movie's soundtrack).
Track listing.
An additional track, "Memories of You", was recorded during the sessions but ultimately left off the album. (As a slow ballad, it was deemed inappropriate an album of "swingin'" uptempo numbers.) While Sinatra would re-record the tune with Axel Stordahl in 1961 for the "Point of No Return" album, the 1956 recording with Riddle would remain unreleased until its inclusion on the "Capitol Years" compilation in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="2904625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904625" title="St Peters, South Australia">
St Peters, South Australia

St Peters is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters. 
The suburb was first settled in 1838, with allotments sold to investors in the South Australia Company. It was originally a separate town and was named after the Church of England's school of St Peter. The school was established in 1849 on 30 hectares of land, today being named St Peter's College.
St Peters Post Office opened on 1 November 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="2904626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904626" title="Tom McCarthy">
Tom McCarthy

Tom McCarthy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2904641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904641" title="Type B1 submarine">
Type B1 submarine

The Type B1 submarine (also known as the I-15 series) were the most numerous submarine class of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. In total 20 were built, starting with I-15, which gave the series their alternative name.
These submarines were fast, had a very long range, and carried a single seaplane, located in a hangar in front of the conning tower, and launched by a catapult. Late in the war, some of the submarines had their aircraft hangar removed, to replace it with a 14 cm gun. In 1944, the "I-36" and "I-37" were modified so that they could carry four Kaiten manned torpedoes, with "I-36" later being further modified to carry six.
Service.
The series was rather successful, especially at the beginning of the war. 
Losses.
Altogether the Type B submarines (B1, B2, and B3 combined) are credited with sinking 56 merchant ships for a total of 372,730 tonnes, about 35% of all merchant shipping sunk by Japanese submarines during the war.
All B1 type submarines were lost during the conflict, except for "I-36", which was scuttled off Gotō Islands by the US Navy on 1 April 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="2904645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904645" title="William L. McKnight">
William L. McKnight

William L. McKnight (November 11, 1887 – March 4, 1978) was an American businessman and philanthropist who served his entire career in the 3M corporation, rising to chairman of the board from 1949 to 1966. He founded The McKnight Foundation in 1953.
Biography.
William L. McKnight was the third child born to homesteaders Joseph and Cordelia McKnight, who left the East in 1880 to claim a homestead in South Dakota. William was born in the family’s sod house in White, South Dakota.
McKnight attended Duluth Business University, and upon graduation began working for 3M Corporation as an Assistant Bookkeeper in May 1907, at a salary of $11.55 per week. McKnight began to understand the dire financial situation of 3M, and his ideas for making better products and cutting costs gained the admiration of the general manager, who promoted McKnight to cost accountant. Two years after that, he was placed in charge of the company’s Chicago office.
In 1914, McKnight was promoted to general manager of 3M, and moved to the company’s headquarters in St. Paul. In June 1916 McKnight became 3M’s vice president at age 29. Soon afterwards, Lucius P. Ordway, the company's President, became ill, leaving McKnight running 3M - he officially became president in August 1929. He served as president until 1949, as chairman of the board from 1949–1966, and as honorary chairman of the board until 1972.
McKnight’s business sense and emphasis on research and development helped bring 3M back from the brink of bankruptcy and turn it into the large, multinational corporation.
Mr. McKnight was inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 1995.
Business Philosophy.
McKnight encouraged 3M management to "delegate responsibility and encourage men and women to exercise their initiative" and his management theories are still the guiding principles for 3M.
Many believe McKnight's greatest contribution was as a business philosopher, since he created a corporate culture that encourages employee initiative and innovation. His basic rule of management was laid out in 1948:
McKnight Foundation.
The McKnight Foundation was established in Minneapolis in 1953 by William L. McKnight and his wife, Maude L. McKnight. One of the early leaders of 3M, William L. McKnight rose from assistant bookkeeper to president and CEO in a career that spanned 59 years, from 1907 to 1966. The McKnight Foundation, however, is an independent private philanthropic organization; it is not affiliated with the 3M Company.
In 1974, shortly after his wife's death, William L. McKnight asked their only child, Virginia McKnight Binger, to lead the Foundation. Working with Russell Ewald as executive director, Mrs. Binger established the formal grantmaking program and community-based approach that remain the Foundation's legacy today. In 2009, Robert J. Struyk was elected chair of the board of directors, succeeding Erika L. Binger and becoming the Foundation's fifth chair since it was established in 1953.
Thoroughbred racing.
McKnight married in 1915 and had one daughter, Virginia McKnight Binger, who married James H. Binger.
William McKnight was a fan of Thoroughbred horse racing and owned Tartan Farm, a breeding operation near Ocala, Florida. He raced under the name Tartan Stable. Among his most noted horses were the Champions Dr. Fager, Ta Wee, and Dr. Patches and the important sire Intentionally.

</doc>
<doc id="2904647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904647" title="Bernard J. McKenna">
Bernard J. McKenna

Bernard J. McKenna (February 16, 1842 – June 18, 1903) was the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1893 to 1896.
Early life.
McKenna was born in 1842 and served in the American Civil War. After returning home to Pittsburgh he worked in the iron industry, eventually becoming a labor union official. McKenna also was active in the volunteer and then professional Pittsburgh fire department.
Pittsburgh politics.
In 1875 he was elected to the city council. From his home at 6325 Marchand Street he launched a successful bid to become Mayor in 1893. His administration oversaw the completion of the Highland Park Zoo, and the Carnegie Library's main branch was also completed during his time in office.
McKenna died in 1903 and is buried in St. Mary's Cemetery in the Pittsburgh neighborhood of Lawrenceville.

</doc>
<doc id="2904648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904648" title="Olaf (II) Haraldsen">
Olaf (II) Haraldsen

Olaf Haraldsen (died ) was a Danish anti-king who ruled Scania for a few years from 1139. He never won control over the rest of Denmark, and he is not included in the list of Danish monarchs used by the Danish monarchy or "Den Store Danske Encyklopædi". He is sometimes called "Olaf II" even though there was a later Olaf II of Denmark.
He was the son of Harald Kesja and thus nephew of King Eric II of Denmark. He seems to have been the only who escaped Eric II's murder of Harald and his sons in 1135. After trying in vain to regain his heritage, Olaf proclaimed himself king in Scania in 1139, fighting his cousin King Eric III of Denmark. The civil war mostly consisted of alternating raids, during which Olaf killed Bishop Rike of Roskilde, an act that saw him excommunicated by the Pope. He was at last defeated by Eric III and was killed in a battle in Middle Scania around 1143.
Harald Skrænk, the leader of a peasant rebellion in Scania about 1182, is said to have been Olaf's illegitimate son, but their connection is unsure.

</doc>
<doc id="2904651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904651" title="Flour bleaching agent">
Flour bleaching agent

Flour bleaching agent is a food additive added to flour in order to make it appear whiter (freshly milled flour has a yellowish tint) and to oxidize the surfaces of the flour grains and help with developing of gluten.
Usual bleaching agents are:
Use of chlorine, bromates, and peroxides is not allowed in the European Union.
Chlorinated cake flour improves the structure-forming capacity, allowing the use of dough formulas with lower proportions of flour and higher proportions of sugar. In biscuit manufacturing, use of chlorinated flour reduces the "spread" and provides a tighter surface. The changes of functional properties of the flour proteins are likely to be caused by their oxidation.
In countries where bleached flour is prohibited, plain flour can be treated in a microwave oven to produce similar chemical changes to the bleaching process. This improves the final texture of baked goods made to recipes intended for bleached flours.
There is a misconception that alloxan, a destroyer of beta cells in the pancreas, is used to bleach flour. Though the process of bleaching flour can produce trace amounts of alloxan, it has never been proved to be a problem or to build up in the body.

</doc>
<doc id="2904659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904659" title="Bosporus Germans">
Bosporus Germans

Bosporus Germans are those ethnic Germans living and settled in Istanbul since the second half of the 19th century.
Nineteenth century.
The first generation came a few decades before and especially during the three political visits of Kaiser Wilhelm II to Constantinople (Istanbul), the capital city of the Ottoman Empire (on October 21, 1889, and on October 5, 1898, as the guest of Sultan Abdülhamid II; and on October 15, 1917, as the guest of Sultan Mehmed V.) The Taksim German Hospital was opened in 1852. Most of the initial German settlers in Istanbul were craftsmen, industrialists and soldiers. Baron Colmar Freiherr von der Goltz, also known as "Goltz Pasha", who was the chief advisor of the Ottoman Army for many years; and General Otto Liman von Sanders, who was a successful commander of the Ottoman Army during World War I, may be the most famous of them in the military field. 
Some of the most beautiful Bosporus villas, such as the Krupp and Huber Villa; or the German Fountain (1900) and Haydarpaşa Railway Station (1908) in Istanbul are still a relict of the German influence in the late Ottoman Empire. Most of the German engineers and craftsmen who worked at the construction site of the Haydarpaşa Train Station later established a small German neighbourhood in the nearby Yeldeğirmeni quarter of the Kadıköy district, on the Asian side of Istanbul. Previously, the German architect August Jachmund had designed the Sirkeci Train Station (1890) on the European side of Istanbul, and the nearby Deutsche Orient Bank Headquarters (1890) in the Sirkeci quarter, within the boundaries of the Eminönü district, during the last year of Chancellor Otto von Bismarck in office. Both of these train stations would play an important role in the Berlin-Istanbul-Baghdad Railway project which would enhance the economic and political ties between the German and Ottoman empires, and allow Germany to by-pass the British-controlled Suez Canal for reaching the lucrative markets and resources of the Orient by extending the railway line further south to the port of Basra on the Persian Gulf.
There were also many Germans in Istanbul who supported the Young Turk movement and nurtured its relationship with the SPD as well as the German Liberals around Friedrich Naumann. From the circle around Naumann came Ernest Jäckh (1875–1959), purveyor of Young Turk propaganda (and later professor at Columbia University.) Jäckh however did not live in Constantinople for too long and can't be considered a "Bosporus German" in the true sense. Another visitor to Constantinople during the First World War was Theodor Heuss, a friend of Naumann and Jäckh, who designed the German Cultural Centre in Constantinople and later became the first Federal President of Germany from 1949 until 1959. Active Social Democrats in Constantinople included Alexander Parvus (1867–1924) (in the city from 1910–1914), and Dr. Friedrich Schrader (1865–1922) ("İştiraki" {translation: Socialist}, active 1891-1918).
Twentieth century.
The second generation came as refugees fleeing the Third Reich. The former Mayor of Berlin Ernst Reuter (1889–1953) and his son Edzard, later the president of Daimler-Chrysler may be some of the best known. Austrian architect Clemens Holzmeister (1886–1983) was also effectively in exile in Turkey. Among them were also many poorer Germans who lived in Anatolia in poverty and despair. They called themselves "Haymatloz" (in German: "Heimatlos" for homelandless), according to a stamp the Turkish authorities printed in their passports.
Twenty-first century.
Currently there is a "third generation" of various expatriates, supporting the Turkish textiles, construction and automotive sectors as well as other industries; or simply enjoying the Aegean and Mediterranean coasts of Turkey; or married to Turks. One of the most famous members of the current German community in Turkey is the football trainer Christoph Daum (1953- ). 
The Deutsche Schule Istanbul (1868) and St. George's Austrian High School (1882) are well-attended German-language schools in the city. Istanbul Lisesi (1884) is a Turkish high school which teaches in German as the primary foreign language and is likewise recognized as a "Deutsche Auslandsschule" (German international school) by Germany.
Istanbulites with West European roots are in general called Levantines (originally a term used for describing the Genoese, Venetian and French traders operating -and settled- in the East Mediterranean, i.e. the "Levant"), apart from the Sephardic Jews who migrated to the Ottoman Empire from the Iberian peninsula following the Spanish Inquisition in 1492 and eventually became Turkish citizens, and the local Greeks (the most influential of whom were known as the Phanariots) whose numbers have dwindled due to the often tense political disputes between Turkey and Greece, and in part because of economic hardships. There is also a small number of Polish families organized in Polonezköy (or "Adampol" as it is alternatively called), a village on the Asian side of the Bosporus which is famous for its lush green nature and dairy products.

</doc>
<doc id="2904663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904663" title="Rostral migratory stream">
Rostral migratory stream

The rostral migratory stream (RMS) is a specialized migratory route found in the brain of some animals along which neuronal precursors that originated in the subventricular zone (SVZ) of the brain migrate to reach the main olfactory bulb (OB). The importance of the RMS lies in its ability to refine and even change an animal's sensitivity to smells, which explains its importance and larger size in the rodent brain as compared to the human brain, as our olfactory sense is not as developed. This pathway has been studied in the rodent, rabbit, and both the squirrel monkey and rhesus monkey. When the neurons reach the OB they differentiate into GABAergic interneurons as they are integrated into either the granule cell layer or periglomerular layer.
Although it was originally believed that neurons could not regenerate in the adult brain, neurogenesis has been shown to occur in mammalian brains, including those of primates. However, neurogenesis is limited to the hippocampus and SVZ, and the RMS is one mechanism neurons use to relocate from these areas.
Brief history.
The RMS was named and discovered by J. Altman in 1969 using 3H-thymidine autoradiography in the rat brain. He traced the migration of labeled cells from the SVZ, which is situated throughout the lateral walls of the lateral ventricles, rostrally to the main olfactory bulb. He also quantitatively studied the effect of age on the size of the RMS. There is still some ongoing debate about the extent of the RMS and adult SVZ neurogenesis of new neurons in humans.
Cell biology.
Vascular cells.
Vascular cells are known to play a prominent role in regulating proliferation of adult neural precursors. In the adult subgranular zone (SGZ), dense clusters of dividing cells were found to be anatomically close to the vasculature, especially capillaries. Contacts between adult SVZ neuronal precursors and blood vessels are unusually permeable and frequently devoid of astrocyte and pericyte interferences, suggesting that blood-derived cues are gaining direct access to adult neural precursors and their progeny. The vasculature also provides the substrate for new neuron migration after injury in the adult striatum.
In the RMS, vascular cells are arranged parallel to the route of the migrating cells and provide a scaffolding. Glial cells are also associated with the blood vessels; communication between these cells may be important for RMS migration, for example, in BDNF (brain-derived neurotrophic factor), a growth factor that is thought to module RMS migration.
Astrocytes.
Astrocytes form gap junctions and are closely associated with the vasculature and its basal lamina in the adult SVZ and subsequently in the RMS. They may serve as an interface to modulate influences of endothelial and circulation-derived factors as well as the availability of cytokines and growth factors in this system. In addition, astrocytes derived from the neurogenic hippocampus and SVZ, but not from the non-neurogenic spinal cord, promote proliferation and neuronal fate commitment of multipotent adult neural stem cells in culture, suggesting a role in the RMS. Astrocytes express a number of secreted and membrane-attached factors both "in vitro" and "in vivo" that are known to regulate proliferation and fate specification of adult neural precursors as well as neuronal migration, maturation, and synapse formation. In the adult SVZ, astrocytes express Robo receptors and regulate the rapid migration of SLIT1-expressing neuroblasts through the RMS. Additionally, it has been proposed that the neuroblasts themselves play a role in modulating the astrocytes through Slit-Robo interactions. In the absence of Slit, astrocytic processes do not align correctly, or create the "tubes", instead running across the migrating neurons. Adult SVZ astrocytes also appear to release glutamate to regulate the survival of neuroblasts. Unique to the adult SVZ, ependymal cells lining the ventricular wall are in close association with neural precursors and their progeny, acting like a shield to protect the "neurogenic niche", a zone in which stem cells are retained after embryonic development for the production of new cells of the nervous system.
Other glial cells.
Ependymal cells actively regulate neuronal fate specification of adult neural precursors through release of Noggin. Beating of the cilia of ependymal cells appears to set up concentration gradients of guidance molecules, such as cytokines TNF-α (tumor necrosis factor) and IGF-1 (insulin-like growth factor), to direct migration of neuroblasts, such as in the RMS. Microglia also actively regulate adult neurogenesis. Under basal conditions, apoptotic corpses of newly generated neurons are rapidly phagocytosed from the niche by unactivated microglia in the adult SGZ. Under inflammatory conditions, reactivated microglia can have both beneficial and detrimental effects on different aspects of adult neurogenesis, depending on the balance between secreted molecules with pro- and anti-inflammatory action. In one study, the activation of microglia and recruitment of T cells were suggested to be required for enriched environment-induced SGZ neurogenesis, suggesting a possible role in the RMS.
Migration mechanics.
Cells in the RMS are believed to move by "chain migration". These neuroblasts are connected by membrane specializations including gap junctions and adherens junctions, moving along each other towards the olfactory bulb through glial tubes. The pathway and mechanisms behind this movement are a ventriculo-olfactory neurogenic system (VONS), a glial framework, and a chemotaxic cell signalling system.
Ventriculo-olfactory neurogenic system (VONS).
The olfactory system is made up in part of the RMS which stretches from the subventricular zone in the wall of the lateral ventricle, through the basal forebrain, to the olfactory bulb (OB). "VONS" is the name given to this pathway, and it consists of the subventricular zone, the RMS, the olfactory tract and the olfactory bulb. Developing neurons leave the subventricular zone and enter the RMS and travel caudally and ventrally along the undersurface of the caudate nucleus; this is referred to as the descending limb. Upon reaching the ventral side of the caudate nucleus, the neurons follow the rostral limb and travel ventrally and rostrally, entering the anterior olfactory cortex (AOC). The AOC gives rise to the olfactory tract, which ends in the olfactory bulb.
Glial framework.
Developing neurons travel toward the olfactory bulb along the RMS via glial tubes, which mark the division between the differentiated nervous tissue and the tissue with embryonic characteristics. Uniquely, the cells travel tangential to the brain surface, parallel to the pial surfaces rather than radially like most developing neurons. Neurons that migrate tangentially are typically believed to migrate independently of radial glia but in the RMS researchers believe this is not the case. Adult rat glial tubes have been observed via light and electron microscopy and described as a meshwork of astrocytic bodies and processes. They have been determined to be astrocytes based on the typical expression of GFAP (glial fibrillary acidic protein) and more specifically as protoplasmic astrocytes based on their morphology. Furthermore, these glial cells were found to be positive for vimentin expression, a protein commonly found in embryonic or immature glial cells. The developing neurons are identified by their expression of the cell surface molecule, a polysialylated (PSA) embryonic form of the neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM) called PSA-NCAM, as well as β-tubulin, a protein often found in postmitotic neuroblasts, proving the cells of RMS are committed to developing into neurons and will do so upon entry into the olfactory bulb. With the removal of NCAM, the neuroblasts scatter, proving the importance of NCAM in chain formation. The neurons form both clusters and chains along the lumen of these glial tubes.
Once the developing neurons reach the core of the olfactory bulb, they detach from the RMS, which is initiated by Reelin and tenascin and move radially toward glomeruli, this migration is dependent on tenascin-R, and differentiate into subtypes of interneurons. These neurons have been studied "in vivo" via electrophysiology and confocal imaging.
Cell signaling.
The nature of the molecular cues involved in the correct targeting of the migrating precursors remains a question. The secretion of a chemoattractant factor by the OB appears as a possibility. Chemoattractants and repellants act on the migrating neurons by inducing changes in the growth cone to direct them. Nevertheless, tissue derived from this structure had no directive influence on the migration. On the other hand, a septum-derived secreted factor showed a repulsive effect on the SVZ cells. More recently, it has been shown that the secreted molecule SLIT shows such a repelling effect on SVZ-derived precursors. Furthermore, integrins have been demonstrated to have a regulatory influence on precursor cell chain-migration and regulation of their divisions.
PSA-NCAM appears as another candidate. Mice lacking NCAM show a dramatically size-reduced OB and an accumulation of migrating precursors along the RMS. It is possible that lack of NCAM results in agitation of neuron–glia interactions, and modifications in these interactions might in turn be responsible for the inhibition of migration in the RMS. It has been demonstrated that a cross talk exists between neurons and glial cells and data in favor of an active role of PSA–NCAM in this process has been presented. The lack of PSA–NCAM on the surface of migrating precursors might alter the proliferative properties of this glial cell population, a scenario that appears reminiscent of astrogliosis occurring in neurodegenerative diseases even before any signs of neuronal damage.
Current research.
Existence in humans.
The presence of an analogous RMS in humans has been difficult to identify, possibly because the olfactory bulb is significantly less developed in humans than in rodents and thus harder to study, and much of the previous scientific work has been called into question concerning the RMS in humans. In the developing fetal brain and in young postnatal infants, chains of immature neurons typical of the RMS were observed. However, there was little evidence for the existence of a migrating chain along the SVZ or olfactory peduncle to the bulb in the adult human brain, even though there was a distinct population of adult neuronal stem cells in the SVZ. These researchers studied subjects from 0 to 84 years of age by analyzing brain sections that had been removed during surgery or during autopsies. They discovered that cells that expressed DCX (doublecortin) and PSA-NCAM are present in the brain sections taken from infants, but have disappeared by 18 months. Yet further studies indicated the presence of a small population of migrating immature neurons, which originate solely from the SVZ. These neuroblasts appear singly or in pairs without forming chains, in contrast to the elongated chains of neuroblasts observed in the rodent RMS. This suggests that the RMS is drastically reduced beyond infancy and especially into adulthood, but is not absent. However, a direct correlation between stem cell quiescence and age has not yet been defined due to a high level of variability between individuals. Thus an RMS analogous structure in the adult human brain remains highly controversial.
Age-related decline.
The extent of age-related RMS decline in humans has been the subject of significant debate. The decline of neurogenesis in and migration from the hippocampus in humans has already been well documented. Furthermore, age-related declines in the activities of SVZ stem cells, which migrate to the OB via the RMS, are in place by middle age in rodents. In elderly mice, studies showed that the population of actively dividing SVZ cells and the rate of interneuron replacement in the OB are both drastically reduced, indicating an age-related decline in neuronal proliferation and migration through the RMS. This decline was shown to be due to neuronal stem cell quiescence in the SVZ even by middle age, and not destruction, much like in the hippocampus.
Pharmaceuticals.
Another topic in current RMS research pertains to pharmaceuticals. Scientists are still trying to tackle the difficult task of administering drugs into the brain and getting them past the selective blood–brain barrier. In a recent study, researchers tested the role of the RMS in “intranasal delivery of drugs into the CNS”. In this study, the experimenters disrupted the RMS in mice, which obstructed “the uptake of intranasally administered radioligands into the CNS.” Fluorescent tracers were also used to track the medicine throughout the brain. It was found that the medicine spread to all regions of the brain, including the olfactory bulb. The study concluded that the RMS was extremely prevalent and necessary in the central nervous system in order to deliver drugs intranasally. The study also noted that this research on the RMS is not sufficient, but instead needs to be expanded. Some of the limits and capabilities of the RMS are still unknown, as well as some of the hazards of it. If drugs are to be administered into the CNS through the RMS, all of the details of the RMS must be known in order to ensure safe delivery of the drugs to the brain.
α6β1 integrin.
A study was conducted testing a specific integrin, alpha-six-beta-one, and the role it plays in the RMS. The study researched the principle that chemoattractive molecules may play an important role in neuroblast migration in the RMS. The study of this one particular integrin was conducted in mice. By using antibodies to bind to α6β1 integrin subunits, found on the neuroblasts, the researchers observed that the migration was disrupted. Furthermore, they investigated the mechanism through which α6β1 integrin functions and determined it was via the chemoattractant laminin. This was completed by injecting laminin perpendicular to the RMS and observing that doing so drew “neuroblasts away from their normal course of migration”. The researchers concluded with the idea that this research could prove useful for therapeutics purposes in that neuroblasts could potentially be drawn to locations of injury or disease.

</doc>
<doc id="2904664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904664" title="Kapuas Hulu Regency">
Kapuas Hulu Regency

Kapuas Hulu (Upper Kapuas River) is a regency ("kabupaten") of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The region is the home to a diversity of indigenous groups, including the Iban and the Silat. Towns along the Kapuas River include Sintang, Nanga Lebang, Nanga Ketungau, Nanga Silat, Semitau, Nanga Bunut, and Putussibau. The population of the regency was 221,952 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="2904665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904665" title="Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens">
Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens

The Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens is a center for Japanese arts and culture located west of Delray Beach in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The campus includes two museum buildings, the Roji-en Japanese Gardens: Garden of the Drops of Dew, a bonsai garden, a museum gift shop and the Cornell Cafe restaurant, which has been featured on the Food Network. Rotating exhibits are displayed in both buildings, and demonstrations, including tea ceremonies and classes, are held in the main building. Traditional Japanese festivals are celebrated several times a year.
The park and museum are named after George Morikami, a native of Miyazu, Japan, who donated his farm to Palm Beach County to be used as a park. George Morikami was the only member of the Yamato Colony, Florida to stay Delray Beach after World War II. The Museum was opened in 1977, in a building that is now named the Yamato-kan. The principal museum building opened in 1993. Construction of the Roji-en gardens began in 1993.
The Morikami Museum and Gardens host a number of Japanese-influenced festivals each year, including Oshogatsu (New Year's) in January, Hatsume (Spring) Festival in February, Kodomo no hi (Children's Day) in April, and Bon Festival in August.

</doc>
<doc id="2904666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904666" title="Henry I. Gourley">
Henry I. Gourley

Henry I. Gourley (October 3, 1838 – May 27, 1899) was Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1890 to 1893.
Early life.
Henry Irvin Gourley was born in Juniata County, Pennsylvania in 1838 to a peasant family. Because of his families inability to support themselves he was sent early in life to a farm in Pine Township, Pennsylvania in Allegheny County, where he displayed a great work ethic and eventually became a school teacher.
Pittsburgh politics.
In 1876 he was elected to the City Council. Mayor Gourley took office in 1890 and his reputation for hard and honest work served him well in city hall. His term was noted for the trust it engendered in Pittsburgh residents. After he left office he served as city controller before his death in 1899. He is buried in Homewood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2904676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904676" title="Washington Irving Memorial Park and Arboretum">
Washington Irving Memorial Park and Arboretum

Washington Irving Memorial Park and Arboretum (32.5 acres) is a public park and arboretum located just north of the Arkansas River Bridge at 13700 S. Memorial Drive, Bixby, Oklahoma. The park is named in honor of American writer Washington Irving, who camped in the area in October 1832 while participating in a federal expedition to the American West led by Judge Henry L. Ellsworth of Connecticut. The expedition included a 31-day, circular tour of central Oklahoma.
Overview.
The park contains a wooded walking trail, the Laci Dawn Griffin Hill butterfly garden, and memorials to the children of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building bombing and to the September 11, 2001 attacks. It also contains a statue of Irving seated on an amphitheatre stage modeled after the facade of his home, Sunnyside in Tarrytown, New York.
Irving in Oklahoma.
Ellsworth arrived at Fort Gibson in Oklahoma on October 8, 1832, along with Irving, naturalist Charles La Trobe, and Swiss nobleman Albert de Pourtalès. He promised the trio would have ample adventures in what was then Indian Territory. Irving had been absent from the United States for seventeen years before returning to New York only a few months earlier. Upon his return, he became interested in the country's efforts for westward expansion. Irving's experience in Oklahoma included scouting for prairie hens, hunting wolves, and trading with members of the Osage Nation. He also met Sam Houston, who Irving described as a "well formed fresh looking man".
Irving wrote of his experiences in "Tour of the Prairies", published in 1835. The "North American Review" called the book "a sort of sentimental journey". The book was a popular success, and the author's first book written and initially published in the United States since "A History of New York" in 1809.

</doc>
<doc id="2904678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904678" title="Ammoniacum">
Ammoniacum

Ammoniacum, or gum ammoniac, is a gum-resin exuded from the stem of a perennial herb ("Dorema ammoniacum") of the umbel family (Apiaceae). The plant grows to the height of 8 or 9 ft., and its whole stem is pervaded with a milky juice, which oozes out on an incision being made at any part. This juice quickly hardens into round tears, forming the "tear ammoniacum" of commerce. "Lump ammoniacum," the other form in which the substance is met with, consists of aggregations of tears, frequently incorporating fragments of the plant itself, as well as other foreign bodies. Ammoniacum has a faintly fetid, unpleasant odor, which becomes more distinct on heating; externally it possesses a reddish-yellow appearance, and when the tears or lumps are freshly fractured they exhibit a waxy luster. It is chiefly collected in central Persia, and comes to the European market by way of Bombay. Ammoniacum is closely related to asafoetida and galbanum (from which, however, it differs in yielding no umbelliferone) both in regard to the plant which yields it and its therapeutical effects. Internally it is used in conjunction with squills in bronchial affections; and in asthma and chronic colds it is found useful, but it has no advantages over a number of other substances of more constant and active properties (Sir Thomas Fraser). Only the "tear ammoniacum" is officinal. African ammoniacum is the product of a plant said to be "Ferula tingitana", which grows in North Africa; it is a dark colored gum-resin, possessed of a very weak odor and a persistent acrid taste.

</doc>
<doc id="2904679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904679" title="Centre for Environment Education">
Centre for Environment Education

The Centre for Environment Education (CEE) in India was established in August 1984 as a Centre of Excellence supported by the Ministry of Environment and Forests. The organisation works towards developing programmes and materials to increase awareness about the environment and sustainable development. The head office is located in Ahmedabad. The Centre has 41 offices across India.
CEE has 41 offices including regional cells in Bangalore (South), Guwahati (North East), Lucknow (North), Ahmedabad (West) and Pune (Central); state offices in Delhi, Hyderabad, Raipur, Goa, Coimbatore; and several field offices. It has international offices in Australia and Sri Lanka.
History.
Centre for Environment Education was created in recognition of the importance of environmental education in India’s overall environment and development strategy. The result of a unique partnership between government and a non-governmental institution, CEE was established as a Centre of Excellence in 1984. Mr. Kartikeya Sarabhai is the Director of CEE.
Centre for Environment Education, CEE was created in recognition of the importance ofenvironmental education in India's overall environment and development strategy. The result of a unique partnership between government and a non-governmental institution, CEE was established as a Centre of Excellence in 1984, supported by the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF), Government of India.
CEE has inherited the rich multi-disciplinary resource base and varied experience of Nehru Foundation for Development, its parent organisation, which has been promoting educational efforts since 1966 in the areas of science, nature study, health, development, and environment.
At the time it began its activities, CEE was perhaps the only organization actively engaged in environmental education in the country. While carrying out programmes in different parts of the country, it was located only at Ahmedabad. Within five years of activities, it was realized that for a country as vast as India and its diversity, physical presence was important for effective implementation. Based on this, the first regional office was opened for the Southern region in 1988-89. Since then it has been a conscious effort to have an office or presence in the geographical area of work.
After completing a decade of activities in 1994, it was decided to move more from environmental education to environmental action. This was an outcome of the learnings and experiences in the first ten years. CEE began more pilot, field-level and demonstration projects towards sustainable development which could be scaled-up and replicated. Within the next ten years, these projects formed a major chunk of Centre's activities.
Today, CEE works for a wide range of sectors, target groups and geographical areas. CEE sees a major opportunity in the UN Decade of Education for Sustainable Development (2005–14) to further contribute towards sustainable development.
CEE has inherited the richmulti-disciplinary resource base and varied experience of Nehru Foundation for Development, its parent organisation, which has been promoting educational efforts since 1966 in the areas of science, nature study, health, development, and environment. 
At the time it began its activities, CEE was perhaps the only organization actively engaged in environmental education in the country. While carrying out programmes in different parts of the country, it was located only at Ahmedabad. Within five years of activities, it was realized that for a country as vast as India and its diversity, physical presence was important for effective implementation. Based on this, the first regional office was opened for the Southern region in 1988-89. Since then it has been a conscious effort to have an office or presence in the geographical area of work.
After completing a decade of activities in 1994, it was decided to move more from environmental education to environmental action. This was an outcome of the learnings and experiences in the first ten years. CEE began more pilot, field-level and demonstration projects towards sustainable development which could be scaled-up and replicated. Within the next ten years, these projects formed a major chunk of Centre’s activities. 
Today, CEE works for a wide range of sectors, target groups and geographical areas. CEE sees a major opportunity in the UN Decade of Education for Sustainable Development (DESD-2005-14) to further contribute towards sustainable development. CEE is the nodal agency for implementation of DESD activities in India under the Ministry of Human Resources Development, Government of India.
CEE's programmes in the Decade will focus on
Training and Capacity Building
Internships and Youth Programmes
Consultancy Services
Knowledge Centre for ESD
Journal on Education for Sustainable Development
Mandate.
CEE's primary objective is to improve public awareness and understanding of the environment with a view to promoting the conservation and sustainable use of nature and natural resources, leading to a better environment and a better quality of life. To this end, CEE develops innovative programmes and educational material, and builds capacity in the field of Education and Sustainable Development (ESD). It undertakes demonstration projects in education, communication and development that endorse attitudes, strategies and technologies which are environmentally sustainable. CEE is committed to ensuring that due recognition is given to the role of education in the promotion of sustainable development.
Thrust areas.
CEE's work is organised around thrust areas 
As an organising principle.
1. Education for Children
2. EE in Higher Education
3. Examination systems for EE
4. Education for Youth
5. Communicating Environment through the Media
6. Experiencing Nature
7. EE through Interpretation
8. Knowledge Management for Sustainable Development
9. Industry Initiatives
10.Sustainable Rural Development
11.Water and Sanitation 
12.Sustainable Urban Development
13.Waste Management
14.EE for Fragile Areas 
15.Biodiversity Conservation
16.Ecotourism
17.Disaster Preparedness and Rehabilitation
18.Training, Networking and Capacity Building
19.Facilitating NGO and Community Initiatives
20.Initiatives for the UN Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
21.Research in EE
International presence.
The expanding scope and geographical coverage of the Centre’s projects and programmes have led to the development of an emerging institutional profile in the South Asian and Asia Pacific region.
CEE Australia.
Incorporated in July 2001, CEE Australia is dedicated to raising awareness and supporting an informed approach to environment and development issues in Australia and the Asia Pacific region.
CEE SriLanka.
Registered in September 2004, CEE Sri Lanka has a mandate to promote environmental education and communication in Sri Lanka, strengthen EE programmes and respond to local/regional needs. It will facilitate synergies and collaborations based on learnings and experiences of EE in India and Sri Lanka.
CEE Bangladesh.
BCEE, a partnership with the Bangladesh Centre for Advanced Studies, contributes to meeting the Environment Education and Communication needs in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="2904680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904680" title="Jeanette (singer)">
Jeanette (singer)

Janette Anne Dimech (October 10, 1951, London), who performs under the name Jeanette, is a half Belgian-Congolese, half-Spanish (Canarian), English-born, American-raised singer who has resided in Spain since the age of 12, and who sings primarily in Spanish. She has also recorded songs in several different languages: English (her native language), Spanish, French, German and Japanese. Jeanette has completed seven albums with great success with millions of sales worldwide. Besides appearances and duets with stars such as Julio Iglesias, José Luis Perales, Mocedades, Sacha Distel, Raphael, Formula V, she also received other offers from stars such as Camilo Sesto and Michael Jackson who wanted to work with her, but Jeanette felt that there was a lack of musical affinity between herself and them.
Biography.
Dimech is the daughter of a Belgian-Congolese father of Maltese descent and a Spanish mother originally from the Canary Islands. Because of her grandparents' import-export business, she was born in London and grew up in Chicago and La Habra, California. After her parents' separation when she was 12, she moved to Barcelona with her mother and younger brother and sister. Having grown up in the United States, she spoke only English when she first moved to Spain. She was placed in an American school at first, but later befriended some local Spanish children who helped teach her Spanish.
After the band split up at the end of the 1960s, Jeanette moved to Vienna with her husband, a Hungarian football player named Laszlo Kristof. Jeanette had a quiet life devoted to routine domestic work. Their relationship produced a daughter, Blythe.
Jeanette currently lives in Barcelona and is preparing a comeback after more than 20 years with a new album in 2011.
Pic-Nic.
During the 1960s she learned to play guitar and began to write her own songs. She styled her music after American folk music, and her idols included Bob Dylan, Donovan, and the Byrds. Later she joined the student band Pic-Nic as a singer, who in 1969 had a measure of success with a folk version of the Spanish children's song "Cállate niña". Other notable songs of theirs included "Amanecer" and "No digas nada". Allowed to record a version of songs in English. The continuing disagreements between the members ended with the dissolution of the group and each member takes a different tack.
Palabras, promesas.
After the dissolution of Pic-Nic, Jeanette resumed her course, but overnight received a call from her former record label Hispavox. This time the label said that they had a project for a singer and Jeanette must be it. But Hispavox moved heaven and earth to convince Jeanette to come back to Spain and to the music. Jeanette settled in Barcelona in 1971 to start her solo career. The singer thought it was to revive the folk spirit of Pic-Nic, but the label wanted to make a new figure of the ballad. At the start of the 1970s, she began her solo career with her hit first single, "Soy Rebelde" ("I am a rebel"). On the single, the record label misspelt her name as "Jeanette" (the correct spelling is Janette without the first E.) Ever since then, her stage name has been spelt with the additional E. The single first enjoyed success in Spanish-speaking countries and later broadened its influence with French ("L'inconnu qui m'aimera"), Japanese ("あまのじゃく") and English versions. This song and others penned by Manuel Alejandro, such as "Estoy triste", "Oye mamá, oye papá" established her as an artist in Spain. "Palabras, promesas" (Words, promises) was written by José Luis Perales was released in 1973. In this LP were released all the singles and recorded from 1971 to 1973.
Porque te vas.
Her greatest success, "Porque te vas" ("Because You Are Leaving"), written by José Luis Perales, became an international hit when the song was used in Carlos Saura's 1976 film "Cría Cuervos" ("Raise Ravens"). In Austria it reached number 13, in Switzerland number 4, and in Germany it reached number 1. On 12 February 1977, Jeanette sang the song in the popular German program "Musikladen" (programme 31).
Todo es nuevo.
Jeanette worked with Andre Popp a famous French composer of many stars for the production of her album "Todo es nuevo" (Everything is new) on 1977. There were two versions: Spanish and French. With a lukewarm reception, Jeanette was out anyway ¿Por qué voy a cambiar? (Why should I change?) (Tzeinerlin' in French) which was also seen in the German programme "Musikladen" ("Musikladen", programme 35. Date: 8 October 1977).
Corazón de poeta.
In 1981 she recorded her best-selling album to date, "Corazón de Poeta", which was composed, arranged and conducted by Manuel Alejandro, and gave her three hit singles: "Corazón de poeta" (literally "Heart of a Poet" but translated as "A heart so warm and so tender"), "Frente a Frente" (literally "Face to Face" but translated as "Sorrow") and "El muchacho de los ojos tristes" ("The Boy with the Sad Eyes"). Especially the vintage album sales world-wide millions, triumphing across the line in several Latin American countries. In Spain it was the Nº1 album for a week; of the singles, "Frente a frente" reached Nº4 for 20 weeks and "Corazón de poeta" reached Nº13 for 10 weeks. 
In the next several years she released the albums "Reluz" (1983), "Ojos en el Sol" (1984), and "Loca por la Música" (1989), along with a string of singles. Her sales then declined, though she herself remained popular and her back catalogue was re-packaged into a continual stream of greatest-hits collections.
Discography.
Singles.
Brenner's Folk
Pic-Nic:
Jeanette:
Albums.
Pic-Nic
Jeanette

</doc>
<doc id="2904687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904687" title="Unearned income">
Unearned income

Unearned income refers to income received by virtue of owning property (known as property income), inheritance, pensions and payments received from public welfare. The three major forms of unearned income based on property ownership are rent, received from the ownership of natural resources; interest, received by virtue of owning financial assets; and profit, received from the ownership of capital equipment. As such, unearned income is often categorized as "passive income".
Unearned income can be discussed from either an economic or accounting perspective, but is more commonly used in economics.
Economics.
Unearned income is a term in economics that has different meanings and implications depending on the theoretical framework used. To classical economists, with their emphasis on dynamic competition, income not subject to competition are “rents” or unearned income, such as incomes attributable to monopolization or land ownership. According to certain conceptions of the Labor Theory of Value, it may refer to all income that is not a direct result of labor. In a neoclassical frame, it may mean income not attributed to any factor of production. Generally it may be used to refer to windfall profits, such as when population growth increases the value of a plot of land.
Classical political economists, like Adam Smith and John Locke, viewed land as different from other forms of property, since it was not produced by humans. Land ownership, in the sense of political economy, could refer to ownership over any natural phenomena, including air rights, water rights, drilling rights, or spectrum rights. Classicals like John Stuart Mill were also concerned about monopolies, both natural monopolies and artificial monopolies, and didn't consider their incomes to be entirely earned.
In Marxian economics and related schools, unearned income originates from the surplus value produced by an economy, where "surplus value" refers to value beyond what is needed for subsistence. As such, individuals and groups who subsist on unearned income are characterized as being in an exploitative relationship because the unearned income they receive is not generated by their effort or contribution (hence why their income is "unearned"). The existence of unearned income received on the basis of property ownership forms the basis for the Marxist class analysis of capitalism, where unearned income and exploitation are viewed as inherent to capitalist production.
United States.
As defined by the social security administration in the U.S., unearned income is all income that is not earned from your job or from your business. Some common types of unearned income are:
Taxation.
Unearned income has often been treated differently for tax purposes than earned income, in order to redistribute income or to recognize its qualitative difference from income derived from productive work. Such a tax structure is often associated with a progressive income tax structure. Supporters argue that extraordinarily high incomes are unearned incomes, with the example of the United Kingdom, where income taxes on the highest brackets reached 98% in 1979. In recent times the pendulum has swung the other way, and most Western countries tax unearned income more favourably than income from productive work for a number of reasons, including an expectation that much of this income ends up being recirculated into the economy, through things like spending or reinvestment.
Capital gains are a form of passive income some argue are unearned, though this is a great point of contention between all the various economic schools of thought. In the United States, capital gains are taxed at the rate of 15%. Another contentious subject is patents and other forms of exclusive production rights, especially in regards to biology and software.
While classical free market economists were generally skeptical towards unearned incomes, more recent economists, like Ronald Coase, claim that capital markets facilitate allocation of resources to those enterprises which will provide the best economic benefit, and that extra taxes on unearned income can interfere with these mechanisms. Progressives assert that the purpose of taxes themselves is to allocate resources to where they are most needed, and to prevent a system whereby capital is shifted upward at the expense of the lower tax brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="2904688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904688" title="List of current foreign ministers">
List of current foreign ministers

This is a list of current foreign ministers of the 193 United Nations member states and the Holy See (Vatican City).
Foreign ministers of unrecognised sovereign countries are included in a separate table.
Female ministers are shown in bold font.

</doc>
<doc id="2904696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904696" title="Edgar Kain">
Edgar Kain

Edgar James Kain DFC (27 June 1918—7 June 1940) was a New Zealand-born British fighter pilot who flew in the Royal Air Force (RAF) during the Second World War. Born in New Zealand in 1918 Kain initially intended to begin a career as a school teacher. He developed an interest in aviation and soon learned to fly. In 1936 he travelled to the United Kingdom and was accepted into the RAF. He completed his flight training in November 1937 and joined No. 37 Squadron RAF and flew the Gloster Gladiator and then Hawker Hurricane. On the outbreak of war in Europe on 3 September 1939 he was sent with his Squadron to France, part of the RAF's RAF Advanced Air Striking Force (AASF).
Kain began flying operational sorties during the Phoney War period. He gained No. 73 Squadron's, and his, first victory in November 1939. A second followed days later. In March he had claimed his fifth victory and became a fighter ace—a pilot credited with five or more enemy aircraft destroyed in aerial combat—and the first recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross in the Second World War. During the course of these rare encounters, his fighter was damaged on more than one occasion and he was wounded in action. The Phoney War ended on 10 May 1940 when the Battle of France and the Low Countries began. Within 17 days of the beginning of the campaign, he had claimed a further 12 aerial victories. His success so early in the war meant he was to become a household name in Britain.
Deemed to be physically exhausted Kain was ordered to return home on 7 June 1940, with the Allied effort in France now on the brink of collapse. Having bid farewell to his Squadron he intended to pilot a Miles Magister to England across the English Channel. In a gesture to his comrades he took off in a Hurricane to perform a series of low-level aerobatics over the airfield. Kain crashed at high speed and was killed instantly. At the time of his death he held the rank of Flying Officer and was credited with 17 aerial victories against the German "Luftwaffe".
Early years.
Kain was born in Hastings, New Zealand the son of Reginald G. Kain and Nellie Maria Keen. He went to Croydon School, Wellington and Christ's College, Canterbury later studying under Professor Von Zedlitz in Wellington. While at school he played rugby, cricket and excelled at athletics. Kain then worked as a clerk in his father's warehousing business. An interest in flying came early, Kain joining the Wellington Aero Club and securing his “A” pilot's licence at Wigram in 1936. After earning a private pilot's licence, he applied for a short-term commission in the RAF on 8 March 1937 as Acting Pilot Officer. He was then posted to No. 5 Elementary Flying School on 20 March.
After further training at RAF Sealand and RAF Ternhill, he was posted in November 1937 to No. 73 Fighter Squadron, then equipped with the Gloster Gladiator biplane fighter based at RAF Digby. In 1938 took part in the May Empire Air Day bear London, giving aerobatic demonstrations to the public. Later in 1938, the squadron converted to the new monoplane Hawker Hurricane. Kain was promoted to Flying Officer on 21 July 1939.
Second World War.
Phoney War.
Before the start of hostilities, No. 73 Squadron RAF on 24 August 1939 was mobilised as part of the Advanced Air Striking Force (AASF). Appointed a section commander Kain flew on 80 fighter and escort operations over Le Havre, Louvres, Rheims, Verdun and other parts of enemy-occupied territory as No. 73 was one of the first units to engage the "Luftwaffe". 
Four days after war was declared, 73’s 16 Hurricane fighters flew across the Channel to France. On 10 September 1939, Kain flew his first operational patrols without making contact with the enemy. His first victory occurred on 8 November 1939 during a defensive patrol. Kain had spotted a Dornier Do 17 from reconnaissance unit 1.(F)/123 above and ahead of him. As the Do 17 began to climb to 27,000 ft with Kain in pursuit, he made two attacks but saw no result. With his Hurricane showing signs of strain, he attacked again and the Dornier dived steeply. Kain followed but pulled out when he saw fabric peeling off his wings. The Dornier crashed into the small village of Lubey northwest of Metz, exploding on impact and killing the crew. A machine gun recovered from that aircraft features as part of the "Outbreak 1939" exhibition at the Imperial War Museum.
On 23 November, near Conflans, Kain shot down another Do 17, from 3.(F)/22. Due to bad weather there was little flying in December, January and February but on 1 March 1940, Kain fought an action with two Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighters. His Hurricane was already damaged when he shot the first Bf 109 down in flames although the second fighter attacked him, stopping the Hurricane’s engine with a cannon shell but then flew off, leaving Kain to glide 30 miles from 20,000 feet to reach French territory. When his engine caught fire, Kain prepared to bail out but had to re-enter the cockpit when he realized his parachute strap was not in position. Fortunately the flames went out and Kain glided on to a forced-landing at Metz aerodrome.
In March 1940, Kain was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for a particularly daring action. While flying on operations, he sighted seven enemy Bf 109 fighters above him at 5,000 ft. Immediately giving chase and while pursuing them back towards the German lines, Kain discovered another enemy fighter on his tail. Attacked from behind, and with his own Hurricane fighter badly damaged, he engaged the enemy and shot it down. With his cockpit full of smoke and oil, he managed to bring his Hurricane down behind the Allied lines. The citation for the award referred to "the magnificent fighting spirit Kain displayed in outmanoeuvring his enemy and destroying him."
On 26 March, Kain destroyed a Bf 109 and probably a second of JG 53 but then with his own engine on fire he bailed out, with shell splinters to his left leg, a bullet-grazed left hand and burns to the face. 
Kain went on leave to England on 2 April and before he returned, his engagement was announced. Back with the squadron he damaged a Messerschmitt Bf 110 on 23 April. During the Phoney war from September 1939 to March 1940, Kain shot down five aircraft.
Battle of France.
On 10 May 1940, the German forces launched the "blitzkrieg" through the Low countries and France; in the next 10 days, Kain destroyed five more enemy aircraft including an unusual Do 17 victory on 15 May where the enemy crew (of KG 3)was seen to bale out when Kain had attacked in a head-on pass. and probably destroyed or damaged another five. 
On 22 May he was again posted back to England with other pilots but on arrival Kain and another pilot were ordered to immediately report back to 73 Squadron. They were put on administrative duties and Kain did not fly again until 25 May when he destroyed a Do 17 but had to make an emergency landing in his damaged Hurricane. He subsequently destroyed an Henschel Hs 126 on 26 May and another Do 17 on 27 May. Kain continued to fly as his unit retreated from one airfield to the next during the Allied retreat to Dunkirk and on 5 June, he shot down a Bf 109. 
Officially credited with the destruction of 16 enemy aircraft and one damaged in fighter engagements, Kain was mentioned in dispatches on 27 February 1940.
Final sortie.
By 6 June 1940, Kain was the RAF's top ace, and he was informed he would be returning to England the next day. The following morning, a group of his squadron mates gathered at the airfield at Échemines to bid him farewell as he took off in his Hurricane to fly to Le Mans to collect his kit. Unexpectedly, Kain began a "beat-up" of the airfield, performing a series of low level aerobatics in Hurricane I "L1826". Commencing a series of "flick" rolls, on his third roll, the ace misjudged his altitude and hit the ground heavily in a level attitude. Kain died when he was pitched out of the cockpit, striking the ground 27 m in front of the exploding Hurricane. Kain is buried in Choloy Military Cemetery.
Based on his exploits in the air as well as an engaging, friendly manner, "Cobber" (New Zealand slang for "pal") Kain was treated as a popular hero by the RAF as well as the media.
Kain Avenue in Matraville, Sydney, Australia, was named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2904699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904699" title="William McCallin">
William McCallin

William McCallin (August 8, 1842 – September 4, 1904) was Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1887 to 1890.
Early life.
Mayor McCallin was born in Mercer County, Pennsylvania north of Pittsburgh in 1842 into a livery family.
Pittsburgh politics.
He was successful in elections to County Coroner and Allegheny County Sheriff in 1881. After his service as Sheriff he ran successfully for Pittsburgh mayor. During his term in office he led the charge for prolific construction of critical infrastructure that the rapidly developing city required to be successful. He oversaw the opening of Schenley Park in 1889. Pittsburgh's industrial might was displayed for the world during McCallin's reign as mayor when the first mold of aluminum was cast in the city. 
McCallin died in 1904 of Dropsy; and was buried in Homewood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2904705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904705" title="Azodicarbonamide">
Azodicarbonamide

Azodicarbonamide, or azobisformamide, is a chemical compound with the molecular formula C2H4O2N4. It is a yellow to orange red, odorless, crystalline powder. As a food additive, it is known by the E number E927.
Use as a food additive.
As a food additive, azodicarbonamide is used as a flour bleaching agent and an improving agent. It reacts with moist flour as an oxidizing agent. The main reaction product is biurea, a derivative of urea, which is stable during baking. Secondary reaction products include semicarbazide and ethyl carbamate. The United States and Canada permit the use of azodicarbonamide at levels up to 45 ppm. In Australia and Europe the use of azodicarbonamide as a food additive is banned. In South Korea, its use is allowed to the same amount as US and Canada but all flour manufacturers have voluntarily agreed to strictly ban the use of not just Azodicarbonamide but any bleaching agent since 1992.
Other uses.
The principal use of azodicarbonamide is in the production of foamed plastics as a blowing agent. The thermal decomposition of azodicarbonamide results in the evolution of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, and ammonia gases, which are trapped in the polymer as bubbles to form a foamed article.
Azodicarbonamide as used in plastics, synthetic leather and other uses can be pure or modified. This is important because modification affects the reaction temperatures. Pure azodicarbonamide generally reacts around 200 °C. In the plastic, leather and other industries, modified azodicarbonamide (average decomposition temperature 170 °C) contains additives that accelerate the reaction or react at lower temperatures.
Azodicarbonamide as a blowing agent in plastics has been banned in Europe since August 2005 for the manufacture of plastic articles that are intended to come into direct contact with food.
Safety.
In the United States, azodicarbonamide has generally recognized as safe (GRAS) status and is allowed to be added to flour at levels up to 45 ppm.
In the UK, the Health and Safety Executive has identified azodicarbonamide as a respiratory sensitizer (a possible cause of asthma) in workplace settings and determined that containers of it should be labeled with "May cause sensitisation by inhalation." The World Health Organization has linked azodicarbonamide to "respiratory issues, allergies and asthma" for individuals at workplaces where azodicarbonamide is manufactured or handled in raw form. The available data are restricted to these occupational environments. Exposure of the general public to azodicarbonamide could not be evaluated because of the lack of available data.

</doc>
<doc id="2904706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904706" title="Arroyo Seco, Santa Fe">
Arroyo Seco, Santa Fe

Arroyo Seco is a city in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. It has about 24,000 inhabitants according to the . Its name (literally "dry stream") is the same as a neighbouring creek. The city is located on the western shore of the Paraná River and can be reached also by National Route 9 (Argentina), Provincial Route 21, and the Nuevo Central Argentino railway line.
The town was founded in 1889 by Liberato Aguirre, who donated part of his lands to the provincial government in order to allow the train to pass through (it was a part of the Buenos Aires–Rosario line, the latter being only away). The original name "Pueblo Aguirre" was soon replaced by "Pueblo Arroyo Seco".
Arroyo Seco became a city on 12 April 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="2904707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904707" title="Tommy McCarthy (ice hockey)">
Tommy McCarthy (ice hockey)

Thomas Edward McCarthy (April 12, 1893 – December 28, 1959) was a professional ice hockey player who played two seasons in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Bulldogs and Hamilton Tigers.
Playing career.
He played one season for the Quebec Bulldogs (1919–20) and one for the Hamilton Tigers (1920–21) of the NHL and one season for the Seattle Metropolitans (1922–23) of the PCHA. In 34 NHL games, he scored 19 goals and added 3 assists for 22 points. In 19 PCHA games, he scored two goals and one assist.
Other players with the same name.
Two other "Tom McCarthys" played in the NHL. Tom McCarthy (born 1934) played for the Detroit Red Wings and Boston Bruins. Tom McCarthy (born 1960) played for the Minnesota North Stars and Boston Bruins.

</doc>
<doc id="2904708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904708" title="Nash Mill">
Nash Mill

Nash Mill was a paper mill in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom. The local residential area (Nash Mills) takes its name from the mill.
Early records.
There was originally a corn-mill recorded in Domesday which belonged, in the Middle Ages, to the Abbey of St Albans.
Paper mill.
The mill was purchased in 1811 by John Dickinson. It had been converted to papermaking by A. Blackwell at the end of the eighteenth century and was a half mile from Dickinson's original Apsley Mill on the Grand Junction Canal. The mill-house, called Nash House, became the family home for Dickinson and his new wife Ann (née Grover) whose father Harry Grover supported this business development through his Grover's Bank. In a very few years Nash Mill was renowned for its production of tough thin paper for Samuel Bagster's "Pocket Reference Bible". 
A major fire in 1813 was a setback, but, being covered by insurance, enabled redevelopment towards large scale production and by 1825 steam power had been installed, powered by coal delivered by canal. John Dickinson & Co. Ltd had their Engineering Department at Nash Mills until 1888 (managed by Leonard Stephenson), when it was transferred to Apsley Mill. The production of fine rag paper on electrically driven machines was a successful innovation at Nash.
There was unrest amongst the workers in 1821 when pay was cut in response to declining trade. Local leaders of the Society of Papermakers were dismissed and replaced by recruits from Abbots Langley. The dismissed workers and their families, living in tied cottages, suffered distress and some "went on the parish". After some disruption and even sabotage, the situation calmed.
In 1823 and in 1826, there were repeated mechanical problems. The mill maintained its own fire brigade with steam fire engine.
By the end of the nineteenth century, Nash Mill, which was small and had a reputation for independence, experienced a drop in profitability. Continuous minor changes were implemented until, in 1926 it underwent improvements with expansion, remodelling and refurbishment.
Closure and redevelopment.
In 1999, the paper mills owned by John Dickinson in the Apsley area were closed and the land was redeveloped. Nash Mill, however, was sold to the international Sappi Group and continued to make paper until 2006. This mill was closed and subsequently sold; the warehouse business was relocated to Dunstable. Housing redevelopment plans were publicised in September 2009. By late 2010, the site had been largely cleared, retaining Nash House, Stephenson's Cottage and a war memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="2904725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904725" title="The Levels">
The Levels

The Levels refers to a number of articles.
It could refer to an area of flat, low-lying land in England:
It is a suburb name:

</doc>
<doc id="2904730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904730" title="Araroba powder">
Araroba powder

Araroba powder is a drug occurring in the form of a yellowish-brown powder, varying considerably in tint, which derives an alternative name, Goa powder, from the Portuguese colony of Goa, where it appears to have been introduced about the year 1852, and is also known as Bahia powder.
The tree which yields it is the "Andira Araroba" of the natural order "Leguminosae". It is met with in great abundance in certain forests in the province of Bahia, preferring as a rule low and humid spots. The tree is from 80 to 100 ft. high and has large imparipinnate leaves, the leaflets of which are oblong, about 12 in. long and 1 in. broad, and somewhat truncate at the apex. The flowers are papilionaceous, of a purple color and arranged in panicles.
The Goa powder or araroba is contained in the trunk, filling crevices in the heartwood. It is a morbid product in the tree, and yields to hot chloroform 50% of a substance known officially as chrysarobin, which has a definite therapeutic value and is contained in most modern pharmacopoeias. It occurs as a micro-crystalline, odorless, tasteless powder, very slightly soluble in either water or alcohol; it also occurs in rhubarb root. This complex mixture contains pure chrysarobin, di-chrysarobin methylether, di-chrysarobin. Chrysarobin is a methyl trioxyanthracene and exists as a glucoside in the plant, but is gradually oxidized to chrysophanic acid (a dioxy-methyl anthraquinone) and glucose. This strikes a blood-red color in alkaline solutions, and may therefore cause much alarm if administered to a patient whose urine is alkaline. The British pharmacopoeia has an ointment containing one part of chrysarobin and 24 of benzoated lard.
Both internally and externally the drug is a powerful irritant. The general practice amongst modern dermatologists is to use only chrysophanic acid, which may be applied externally and given by the mouth in doses of about one grain in cases of psoriasis and chronic eczema. The drug is a feeble parasiticide, and has been used locally in the treatment of ringworm. It stains the skin and linen a deep yellow or brown, a coloration which may be removed by caustic alkali in weak solution.

</doc>
<doc id="2904736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904736" title="Morikami Park">
Morikami Park

Morikami Park is a park in Palm Beach County, Florida. The park is named for George Morikami, a Japanese immigrant to Florida who donated the land for the park to the county. It is the site of the Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens, the American Orchid Society Visitor Center and Botanical Garden, and the Biwa Pavilion, with group shelters and picnic tables. There is a nature trail through the undeveloped part of the park.
The Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens is a participant in public-private partnership between The Morikami, Inc., a registered 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization, and Palm Beach County.
Private events can be booked at the park for $7,000+.
Admission is now only possible by paying $12.

</doc>
<doc id="2904739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904739" title="Andrew Fulton (mayor)">
Andrew Fulton (mayor)

Andrew Fulton (December 21, 1850 – February 7, 1925) was Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1884 to 1887.
Early life.
The son of Samuel Magee and Agnes Rebecca (Smith) Fulton, he was born in 1850 into a foundry family (the Fulton's cast the bell for the old City Hall in Pittsburgh). He was extremely outgoing and affable and preferred the less formal "Andy Fulton", this charismatic charm as well as his tall stature served him well in a career of politics.
Pittsburgh politics.
In 1879, Fulton was elected to the City Council followed soon by his election to the mayor's office in 1887. Mayor Fulton oversaw the completion of the Western Penitentiary during his term. After leaving office he continued to stay active in Pittsburgh politics working on both the city and county levels, with the exception of an absence to Colorado to raise horses for a number of years. 
He died in 1925 of pneumonia; and was buried in Allegheny Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2904744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904744" title="Chillingham cattle">
Chillingham cattle

Chillingham cattle a.k.a. Chillingham wild cattle are a breed of cattle that live in a large enclosed park at Chillingham Castle, Northumberland, England. This rare breed consists of about 90 animals in Chillingham, which inhabit a very large park that has existed since the Middle Ages. The herd has remained remarkably genetically isolated for hundreds of years, surviving despite inbreeding depression due to the small population. There is also a small reserve herd of about 20 animals located on Crown Estate land near Fochabers, North East Scotland.
Description of cattle.
The Chillingham cattle are related to White Park cattle, in the sense that the Chillingham herd has contributed to the White Park, though there has been no gene flow the other way. Chillingham cattle are small, with upright horns in both males and females. Bulls weigh around 300 kg, cows about 280 kg. They are white with coloured ears (they may also have some colour on feet, nose and around the eyes). In the case of Chillingham cattle, the ear-colour is red – in most White Park animals the ears are black (which is genetically dominant over red in cattle). Chillingham cattle are of generally primitive conformation while White Parks are of classical British beef conformation.
Description of the Northumberland habitat.
To many visitors, the most striking element of the historic habitat at Chillingham is the widespread occurrence of large oak trees amongst grassland (wood pasture), providing a glimpse of Britain as many think it appeared in medieval times. However, most of these trees were only planted in the 1780s - early 19th century and the truly ancient trees of the Park are the streamside alder trees which were probably coppiced in the mid 18th century. They were probably hundreds of years old even then and the stems now growing are themselves around 250 years old. A diversity of plants and animals find a habitat here, due to the absence of the intensive farming found in most other places in Britain.
The Northumberland site is also home to a variety of other species including red squirrel, fox, and badger, as well as roe deer and fallow deer. There are approximately 55 bird species, including Common Buzzards, European Green Woodpeckers, and the Eurasian Nuthatch which claims this latitude as its northernmost range in the United Kingdom.
An on-site warden at the park (http://www.chillinghamwildcattle.com) leads small groups on foot to find the Chillingham cattle herd; on some days they are evident in one of the easily accessible meadows, while on other days they are virtually impossible to find, given the tangled woodlands and the amount of space they have for roaming. Just to the east of the park is the summit of Ros Hill. The cattle are not visible from this viewpoint, which does however give an impressive view over much of north Northumberland. With support from Defra, a network of paths has been created around the periphery of Chillingham Park (http://countrywalks.defra.gov.uk).
Ancestry and history of the Chillingham cattle.
According to earlier publicity material produced by the Chillingham Wild Cattle Association, Chillingham cattle bear some similarities to the extinct ancestral species Aurochs, "Bos primigenius primigenius", based upon cranial geometrics and the positioning of their horns relative to the skull formation. They further claim that Chillingham cattle may be direct descendants of the primordial ox which ""which roamed these islands before the dawn of history""; moreover, according to Tankerville, these characteristics differed from the cattle brought into England by the Romans. It is also possible that they are descended from medieval husbanded cattle that were impounded when Chillingham Park was enclosed. In the absence of adequate genetic or archaeological evidence, these proposed origins must remain purely speculative.
The first written record of the herd dates from 1645 but the Chillingham herd is claimed by some to have been in this same site for at least seven centuries. Before the 13th century, this breed is claimed to have "roamed the great forest which extended from the North Sea coast to the Clyde estuary" according to the Countess of Tankerville. During the 13th century, the King of England licensed Chillingham Castle to become "castellated and crenolated" and a drystone wall may well have been built then to enclose the herd. At that time, there was particular concern about Scottish marauders, which explains also the massive build-up of fortification of the nearby Dunstanburgh Castle at the same time.
The wall that visitors see at Chillingham was built in the early 19th century to enclose the of Chillingham Park. As of 2009, the cattle have to roam and the rest of the ground is woodland or farmland.
Genetics.
Chillingham bulls contributed genetically to White Park herds in the early 20th century, but the Chillingham herd has remained pure. Some degree of genetic affinity between Chillingham and White Park cattle would therefore be predicted, but this has not been investigated.
Dr. J. G. Hall of the Edinburgh Animal Breeding Research Organisation studied the blood groups of the Chillingham herd. The herd was found to be remarkably homozygous, and this is what would be expected from their long history of inbreeding. These findings were confirmed in a later microsatellite DNA study. Mitochondrial DNA studies have not yet been conducted.
Behaviour.
The Chillingham cattle herd are not domesticated in any way, and are wild animals. Their behaviour may therefore give some insight into the behaviour of ancestral wild cattle.
They breed all year round and bulls occupy and share "home territories" with other members of the herd, as well as many as two or three other bulls. Home ranges overlap and are not thought of as defended territories although bulls participate in sparring matches with their home range partners.
Modern history.
In 1939, the Chillingham Wild Cattle Association Limited was formed to study and protect these special creatures. However the herd's population decreased, and reached a minimum in the unusually hard winter of 1946-1947, which only 13 animals survived. Upon the death of Lord Tankerville in 1971 the Chillingham herd was bequeathed to the Association; however, when the estate was sold in 1980, with the help of Duke of Northumberland the Park was purchased by the Sir James Knott Trust (a philanthropic organisation dedicated to protecting Northumberland for the benefit of all). It was then managed by the Knott Trust's agents: College Valley Estates (CVE). CVE granted a 999 year lease of the park to the association. In 2005, after a fund-raising campaign, the association purchased the park and surrounding woodlands. Thus, the herd and the park were reunited under the same ownership. Soon after, the association was able to purchase the sheep grazing rights, which were owned by a neighbour. The flock was removed, and this means a programme of remediation of the pasture and trees can be put into effect.
In July 2009, the herd numbers 85 animals. There is also a small reserve herd of about 20 head located on Crown Estates land near Fochabers in north-east Scotland.
Other herds of white cattle.
In 1759 the Earl of Eglinton formed a herd of the ancient breed of white or Chillingham cattle at Ardrossan in North Ayrshire, Scotland, probably using stock from the Cadzow Castle herd. The numbers dropped and in 1820 the remaining animals were dispersed. All the animals in this herd were hornless.

</doc>
<doc id="2904745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904745" title="List of Lepidoptera that feed on maples">
List of Lepidoptera that feed on maples

Maples, "Acer" spp., are used as food plants by the larvae of a number of Lepidoptera species. These include:
Monophagous.
Species which feed exclusively on "Acer"
Polyphagous.
Species which feed on "Acer" and other plants

</doc>
<doc id="2904746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904746" title="Polonezköy">
Polonezköy

Polonezköy or Adampol is a small village at the Asian side of Istanbul, about away from the historic city center, within the boundaries of the Beykoz district. It was founded in 1842 by Polish settlers.
History of Polonezköy.
Polonezköy (Adampol) was founded by Prince Adam Jerzy Czartoryski in 1842. He was the Chairman of the Polish National Uprising Government and the leader of a political emigration party. The settlement was named Adam-koj (Adamköy) after its founder, which means the "Village of Adam" in Turkish ("Adampol" means "Town of Adam" in Polish).
Prince Czartoryski wanted to create the second emigration centre here (the first one was in Paris, France). He sent his representative, Michał Czajkowski, to Turkey. Michał Czajkowski, after converting to Islam in 1850, became known as Mehmed Sadyk Pasza (Mehmet Sadık Paşa). He purchased the forest area which encompasses present-day Adampol from a missionary order of Lazarists. Plans were made to establish Adampol on this area in the future.
At the beginning, the village was inhabited by 12 people, but there were no more than 220 people when the village was most populated. In the course of time, Adampol developed and was flooded by a lot of emigrants from the rebellion in November 1830, during the Crimean War in 1853, and by runaways from Siberia and from captivity in Circassia. The first inhabitants busied themselves with agriculture, raising and forestry. After Polish independence in 1918, many returned to Poland. Before World War II, the first tourists already began to arrive to the village. The remaining inhabitants of Adampol (Polonezköy) took Turkish citizenship in 1938.
Adampol's town chronicles registered the visits of famous people such as Franz Liszt (1847), French writer Gustave Flaubert (1850), Czech writer Karel Droz (1904), the first President of the Turkish Republic Mustafa Kemal Atatürk (1937), Pope Nuncio Angelo Roncalli - the future Pope John XXIII (in 1941 some children received confirmation from him during his visit) and the first Polish diplomat after the Second World War, Adam Rapacki, then the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the PRL, accompanied by Turkish dignitaries (1961).
In 1985 the village was visited by the President of Turkey Kenan Evren, and in 1994 by Lech Wałęsa. The next President of Poland, Aleksander Kwaśniewski, twice came to Adampol (in 1996 and 2000) where he visited the Memorial House of Zofia Ryży. Two years later Adampol celebrated the 160th anniversary of its founding.
Polish citizens (descendants of the founders of Adampol) often come back to Turkey in order to visit the settlement of their forefathers. Nowadays, there are about 1,000 people in Adampol and around 40 of them speak Polish fluently. There is a festival in Adampol (Polonezköy) every summer which enhances the cultural relationship between Adampol and Poland. The inhabitants pay some folk bands from Poland on their own and invite them to come to Adampol.
Famous Turks with partial Polish ancestry include the poet and playwright Nazım Hikmet, and the soprano opera singer Leyla Gencer.
Monuments and places of interest.
The legend headman of village Frederik Novvicki modernized and gained a lots of innovations in his 3 period work year.
International relations.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
Polonezköy is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2904751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904751" title="Vat dye">
Vat dye

Vat dyes are a class of dyes that are classified as such because of the method by which they are applied. Vat dyeing is a process that refers to dyeing that takes place in a bucket or vat. Almost any dye, including fiber-reactive dyes, direct dyes, and acid dyes, can be used in a vat dye. Cotton, wool, and other fibers can be all dyed with vat dyes. The original vat dye is indigo, once obtained from plants but now produced synthetically. 
Materials suited for vat dying.
Although almost all dyeing can be done in a vat, the term vat dye is used to describe a chemical class of dyes that are applied to cellulosic fibre (i.e. cotton) using a redox reaction as described below. Because of the use of caustic soda, and the very high pH of the dye bath in the dyeing process, wool cannot be dyed using vat dyestuffs. Wool is soluble in caustic soda solutions.
It is possible to dye wool at room temperatures with indigo (vat blue 1) and other low substantive vat dyes using soda ash as the alkali source with very little strength loss. Vat red 10, vat violet 13 and vat orange 1 can be applied in this manner as well. 
Dyeing process.
Vat dyes characteristically require a reducing agent to solubilize them. The most common reducing agent is sodium dithionite (Na2S2O4), which converts the dye to its "leuco" form that is soluble. Once attached to the fabric, the leuco dye is then oxidized to the insoluble state which is intensely colored. Chemical reactions such as oxidation, reduction, pH control are often necessary; even the dissolution process necessitates measuring out appropriate quantities of caustic soda and sodium hydrosulphite in order to achieve reduction. The dye is soluble only in its reduced (oxygen-free) form. The fiber is immersed repeatedly in this oxygen-free dyebath, then exposed to the air, whereupon the water-soluble reduced form changes color as oxygen turns it to the water-insoluble form. For these reasons, vat dyes are less suitable than fiber-reactive dyes for amateu
Indigo is an example of this dye class: it changes from yellow, in the dyebath, to green and then blue as the air hits it.
Not all vat dyeing is done with vat dyes.
Properties.
The vat dyes have high color fastness, which is uncommon in other dye classes. On the other hand, vat dyes tend to have poor rubbing fastness, but this can be mitigated with special treatments to the fabric. Indigo is subject to major crocking (i.e., rubbing the dye off onto other items) unless it is applied carefully. This means use a weaker dyebath, and dipping many times, rather than a single strong dipping.
Light-oxidized vat dyes.
Inkodye is a type of vat dye that uses light rather than oxygen to "fix" the dye, with a wide variety of possible effects. These dyes, which are chemically similar to vat dyes, are developed by light instead of being applied in an oxygen-free bath and being developed in the fabric by exposure to oxygen. Inkodyes are true dyes, not fabric paints. A dye itself attaches to the fabric; fabric paint includes a glue-like binder, which imparts a stiffer feeling to the fabric. The process is more difficult than tie-dyeing.
Chemical structures.
Many vat dyes are derivatives of indigo dye. For example, vat blue 2 and 3 are halogenated or methylated derivatives and so are several violets. Many other vat dyes are derivatives of anthroquinones.
References.
"Imagery on Fabric" by Jean Ray Laury

</doc>
<doc id="2904759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904759" title="Timeline of magic">
Timeline of magic

This timeline of magic is a history of the performing art from BCE to the present day.
Timeline.
2700 BCE - The reputed first known performance of a conjuring effect (balls) by the magician Dedi in ancient Egypt. Dedi had done other effects such as decapitating a birds head and reattach the head resurrecting it. (This is disputed as there is nothing in the reference to Dedi, specifically in the Westcar Papyrus, to indicate that he did the cups and balls for anyone. The famous drawing of two men seemingly performing the cups and balls, from the tomb of Baqet III at Beni Hasan is believed by most experts to show a game using pots or cups but details of the game are unknown.)(Note: Since there is no indication that Dedi performed the Cups and Balls, and the Beni Hasan tomb painting is considered unlikely to represent the effect, there is no certain evidence for the existence of the Cups and Balls during this time period.)
50-300 CE - The Acetabularii performed the Cups and balls in ancient Rome using stones and small vinegar cups (hence the name Acetabularii). Acetabularii are a group of magicians specializing on the cups and balls effect.
400-1000 - The Dark Ages; little is known about the history of magic, but much of it was associated with the occult and magic as entertainment is not prominent.
1000-1500 - The Middle Ages where much magic was still associated with the occult and witchcraft. The growing trading nature of society allowed some street or circus performers to make a living out of old classics such as the cups and balls and indeed more modern ideas such as cheating by short changing via sleights with coins and other small objects. 
1584 - Reginald Scot publishes "The Discoverie of Witchcraft"(sic) a book designed in part to counter the activities of persecutionists, but at the same time revealing many conjuring secrets of the day. Magic and witchcraft were still linked, and many copies of Scot's book were burnt in the early 17th century.
1720- Isaac Fawlkes, English Magician retires. His performances at fairs leaves him with a fortune of nearly ten thousand pounds. Among his tricks were a card on ceiling with any card called for and his bag of many eggs. His booth is featured in Bartholomew Fair by Hogarth with a sign that says "Dexterity of Hand." He also presented impressionists and contortionists as part of his shows. 
1750 - Joseph Pinetti, "considered to be the major figure of eighteenth century magic," is born. "Pinetti is said to be the first recorded performer to do the thumb tie effect" and he also performed second sight, exhibited automata and the orange tree illusion.
1805 - Year of birth of Jean Eugène Robert-Houdin (died 1871). The "father of modern magic", who brought it from the street and circus side shows to an elegant stage or drawing room setting.
1874 - Year of birth of Harry Houdini aka King of Cards and King of Handcuffs (died 1926). Real name Ehrich Weiss, he achieved fame as an escapologist.
1876 - The first publication of "Modern Magic." Written by Professor Louis Hoffman (1839–1919) (Real name Angelo John Lewis), it was a definitive work on the state of the art of that time.
1877 - Martinka and Co. was founded by Francis and Antonio Martinka, it was run by Houdini in 1919 and is still in existence today.
1894 - Year of birth of Dai Vernon (died 1992). aka "The Professor" and "The Man That Fooled Houdini", he was born as David Frederick Wingfield Verner in Ottawa. The most influential 20th-century magician.
1902 - The "Expert At The Card Table" is published by The Charles T. Powner Co. was written by S. W. Erdnase. Considered by serious card workers as one of the most important books written on the subject.
1902 - May 10, The Society of American Magicians is founded at Martinka's Magic Shop in New York City, New York. It is the oldest magic society in the world.
1905 - July - The Magic Circle was formed. Its first President was David Devant. This is a prestigious organisation for magicians and has strict rules against exposure. (It expelled its founder twice for alleged exposure, something it has done to many famous magicians.)
1911 - "Our Magic" by Nevil Maskelyne and David Devant arguably one of the most important books of magic theory is published.
1911 - The Mysto Magic Company incorporated by Gilbert, Gilbert, and Petrie.
1918 - Houdini first performs Morritt's Vanishing Elephant at the Hippodrome on January 7.
1921 - P.T. Selbit performs the first ever "Sawing in half", something that is, in present day, synonymous with the art of magic.
1926 - On All Hallows Eve at 1:26 pm, Harry Houdini dies.
Circa 1940 - Edward M. Massey invents the finger chopper which becomes many young magicians' first trick.
1949 - The first publication of "Royal Road to Card Magic" Written by Jean Hugard and Fred Braue, it's still an important first text for card workers today.
1952 - The first publication of "Modern Coin Magic" Written by JB Bobo, considered by some the "bible" of coin magic, many other works reference this one.
1956 - David Copperfield is born on September 16, as David Seth Kotkin.
1960 - Lance Burton is born on March 10, as William Lance Burton in Louisville, Kentucky.
1963 - The Magic Castle is formed by Milt Larsen in Hollywood USA by converting a 1908 Victorian mansion to a centre of magical excellence. Many leading magicians have performed there. Dai Vernon was resident magician in the latter part of his life.
1968 - The book Thirteen Steps To Mentalism by Corinda was published and is one of the most famous books on mentalism.
1972 - New York's first magic show spot The Magic Towne House is opened by Ed Davis and taken over by Dorothy Dietrich (then a teenager) and Dick Brookz. It featured such notables as Frank Garcia (magician), Jack London, Harry Blackstone, Jr. etc. Performers who got their start their included Eric DeCamps, Rocco Silano, Johnny Ace Palmer, Jeff McBride and Michael Chaut. Year's later Michael would organize Monday Night Magic after The Magic Towne House closed in the 1980's. 
1974 - The musical "The Magic Show" starring Doug Henning opens on Broadway and ushers in a new "Golden Age" of magic.
1977 - "Marco the Magi presents Le Grand David and his own Spectacular Magic Company" premieres on February 20 in Beverly, Massachusetts. It becomes the longest running "Resident Magic Show" in history.
1977 - Jeff Sheridan, NY's celebrated Central Park Street Magician publishes "STREET MAGIC - An Illustrated History of Wandering Magicians and Their Conjuring Arts". Published by Dolphin Books, an imprint of Doubleday & Company. The first street magician to perform in NY in over 100 years. 
1994 - The first WWW magic stores appear following the older text type newsgroups and bulletin boards. Pictorial and information sites soon follow, changing the way magic is learned and distributed.
1997 - The Masked Magician , Val Valentino, provokes much controversy by exposing magic secrets on major Fox TV specials. David Blaine brings "Street Magic" to America.
1998 - "World Of Illusion" at Madison Square Garden launched the career of Criss Angel, followed by "Criss Angel Mindfreak" which ran until 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2904762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904762" title="John Dickinson Stationery">
John Dickinson Stationery

John Dickinson Stationery Limited was a leading English stationery company founded in west Hertfordshire, that was later merged to form Dickinson Robinson Group. In the 19th century, the company pioneered a number of innovations in paper-making.
History.
The company was founded in Apsley, Hertfordshire, in 1804 by John Dickinson, who invented a continuous mechanized paper-making process. Dickinson patented his ideas in 1809 and in the same year he gained financial backing from George Longman, whose family controlled the Longman publishing firm. He established paper mills at Apsley (a former flour mill), Nash Mill (formerly a mediaeval corn-mill) in 1811 and Croxley in Hertfordshire. The river and canal at Apsley and Nash Mills provided power for the mills and transport for materials and product.
The mill-house at Nash Mill, called Nash House, became the family home for Dickinson and his new wife Ann (née Grover) whose father Harry Grover supported this business development through his Grover's Bank. In a very few years Nash Mills was renowned for its production of tough thin paper for Samuel Bagster's "Pocket Reference Bible". A major fire in 1813 was a setback, but, being covered by insurance, enabled redevelopment towards large scale production.
During the 19th century, Sir John Evans and his son Lewis Evans (whose elder brother was the archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans) both managed the company.
John Dickinson & Co. Ltd had their Engineering Department at Nash Mills until 1888, when it was transferred to Apsley Mill. By the end of the nineteenth century, Nash Mill, which was small and had a reputation for independence, experienced a drop in profitability. Continuous minor changes were implemented until, in 1926 it underwent improvements with expansion, remodelling and refurbishment. The Lion brand was adopted as the company logo in 1910. Companies were then formed in South Africa, Australia, New Zealand and elsewhere (thirteen countries in all).
Basildon Bond.
The Basildon Bond brand of stationery was created by Millington and Sons in 1911. The brand is named after Basildon Park, where some of Millington's directors were staying and liked the alliteration of "Basildon" and "bond". The Millington & Sons company was acquired by John Dickinson in 1918, who then took over the Basildon Bond brand. The name "Basildon Bond" was used by comedian Russ Abbot for one of his characters.
Innovations.
John Dickinson patented a method of paper-making in June 1807, that rendered his rivals' techniques (principally the Fourdrinier machine) obsolete. In 1850, the company started mechanical envelope manufacturing, with gummed envelopes for the first time. The production of fine rag paper on electrically driven machines was a successful innovation at Nash Mill. The company pioneered the production of window envelopes in 1929.
Dickinson Robinson Group.
Dickinson Robinson Group Ltd (DRG) was formed out of E. S. & A. Robinson Packaging of Bristol and John Dickinson & Co Ltd. in 1966, creating one of the world's largest stationery and packaging companies. In 1989 asset-stripper Roland Franklin (Pembridge Investments) acquired DRG (by now including the Royal Sovereign group acquired in 1978) with a leveraged buyout worth £900 million.
In 1990, the Paper Mills in the group, Nash Mills, Keynsham Paper Mill and Fife Paper Mills were sold to SAPPI of South Africa. These mills were all subsequently closed down by SAPPI as were all other acquisitions (Kymmini Oy, Blackburn Mill and Wolvercote Mill) they made in the UK. In 1999, what had been the Stationery Division of the Group was bought by Spicers Ltd and relocated from Apsley, Hertfordshire to the village of Sawston south of Cambridge.
Paper Trail Museum.
The former Apsley Mill site in Hemel Hempstead is home to the Paper Trail, a museum which incorporates a narrowboat ride along the Grand Union Canal and the River Gade to Frogmore Mill, viewing of a working paper machine, producing recycled board and paper, as well as handmade paper making and paper sculpture. The Frogmore Mill exhibits are also open for direct visits.

</doc>
<doc id="2904765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904765" title="Auxanometer">
Auxanometer

An auxanometer (Gr. "auxain", "to grow" + "metron", "measure") is an apparatus for measuring increase or rate of growth in plants.
In case of an arc-auxanometer (see picture), there is a wire fixed with the plant apex on one end and a dead-weight on the other. It passes over a pulley which has a pointer attached to it. When the plant's height increases, the pulley rotates and the pointer moves on a circular scale to directly give the magnitude of growth.
Sensitive auxanometers allow measurement of growth as small as a micrometer, which allows measurement of growth in response to short-term changes in atmospheric composition. Auxanometers are used in the laboratory, the field, and the classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="2904769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904769" title="Jacob Sturm">
Jacob Sturm

Jacob Sturm (1771–1848) was a leading engraver of entomological and botanical scientific publications in Germany at the end of the 18th and beginning of the 19th century. He was born and lived in Nuremberg and was the only son of engraver Johann Georg Sturm (1742-1793), who trained him in drawing and copperplate engraving.
Sturm became a celebrated insect collector and founded the Nuremberg Society for Natural History. His entomological and botanical plates are very accurately drawn and show minute details and enjoyed a great popularity among naturalists. As most of his works were published in a small format, they could be purchased by a larger public and they were very popular.During this period, Nuremberg was the centre of natural history book production in Germany.
"The book "Deutschlands Flora", 1798–1862. 163 parts (in 136 volumes) contains... neat and attractive little engravings, no more than 5 in. by 3½ inches in size... He thus deliberately chose this minute format in order to make a knowledge of the German flora available by pictures to as many as possible and as cheaply as possible. Despite their smallness, they carry a surprising amount of detail. Jacob Sturm learnt his art from his father, Johann Georg Sturm, who was also a Nuremberg engraver" (Blunt & Stearn pp. 258–260).

</doc>
<doc id="2904772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904772" title="Leonora Christina Ulfeldt">
Leonora Christina Ulfeldt

Leonora Christina, Countess Ulfeldt, "née" Countess Leonora Christina Christiansdatter til Slesvig og Holsten (8 July 1621 – 16 March 1698), was the daughter of King Christian IV of Denmark and wife of Steward of the Realm–"cum"–traitor Count Corfitz Ulfeldt. Renowned in Denmark since the 19th century for her posthumously published autobiography, "Jammers Minde", written secretly during two decades of solitary confinement in a royal dungeon, her intimate version of the major events she witnessed in Europe's history, interwoven with ruminations on her woes as a political prisoner, still commands popular interest, scholarly respect, and has virtually become the stuff of legend as retold and enlivened in Danish literature and art.
Birth and family.
Christian IV is believed to have fathered fifteen children by his second wife, Kirsten Munk, at least three of whom were born before the couple married in 1615, and eight of whom lived to adulthood. The Munks were noble courtiers, and Kirsten's formidable mother, "née" Ellen Marsvin, obtained the King's signed promise to marry the girl before yielding her to the King's passion. The marriage was morganatic and Leonora Christina was not a princess, sharing rather the title of "Countess af Schleswig-Holstein" bestowed upon her mother in 1629 (distinct from the title borne by the "Dukes" of Schleswig-Holstein, dynastic kinsmen of the Danish kings who possessed actual domains in the Schleswig and Holstein provinces, some of whom also exercised sovereignty there). Nonetheless, she grew up with her parents in Copenhagen's royal palace (across the courtyard from the tower where she would eventually be imprisoned) on familiar terms with her three elder half-brothers — including the future King Frederick III — sons of the late Queen Anne Catherine of Brandenburg. The King accused his wife of betraying him with another man and divorced her in 1630, having already taken a mistress, Vibeke Kruse, his wife's servant. Although she proceeded to bear the King a new brood of children who would become the bitter rivals of Kirsten Munk's children, Leonora Christina seems to have retained her father's favor. 
Leonora Christina's marriage was part of Christian IV's strategy to consolidate his dynasty's power. Since 1448 the Oldenburgs had been Denmark's ruling dynasty, father-to-son. Although hereditary monarchs "de facto", until 1660 each successor became king "de jure" only through election by the Rigsråd. Upon the death of a king, that body would negotiate fresh limitations upon the royal authority, only ratifying the nominee's accession to the throne in return for concessions of rights and privileges. Tradition upheld the King's impartiality and dignity among the nobility by not permitting members of the royal family to marry his subjects, reserving princesses for foreign alliances. But the morganatic status of Leonora Christina and her sisters rendered them useful domestic tools of state, so Christian IV sought to bind the loyalty of powerful or promising nobles by bestowing upon them the hands of these semi-royal daughters, endowed with rich dowries. Six such marriages were arranged. Thus in 1636 the fifteen year-old Leonora Christina was married to the thirty-eight year-old Corfitz Ulfeldt, son of the late Chancellor Jacob Ulfeldt, to whom she had been engaged since the age of nine. Though the marriage failed to ensure Ulfeldt's loyalty to the Crown, the young Countess would remain loyal to her husband even beyond his death, accompanying or following him on his every misadventure, and refusing to speak posthumous ill of him even to purchase her freedom.
Travels and adventures.
She shared in his renown and initial successes, both at home and abroad. He held the lordships of Egeskov, Hirschholm Urup, Gradlitz and Hermanitz. In 1641 he was made a count ("Reichsgraf") by the Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand III. During most of the 1640s her husband's power and stature grew and she was, in many ways, the first lady of a Danish court that had no queen. Her marriage to Ulfeldt seems to have been a happy one, at least compared to the marriages of her sisters. 
At the accession to the throne in 1648 of her half-brother, the couple's position was threatened by the resentment of her husband's dominance by Frederick III and, especially, by his queen, Sophie Amalie of Brunswick-Lüneburg, who now became Leonora Christina's relentless enemy. This situation might have been caused both by Leonora’s inability to give up her leading position in the court, and by some forms of malice to which she exposed the queen. 
At Ulfeldt's disgrace in 1651, she followed him to Amsterdam and Stockholm. They became fugitives, often wandering about to elude capture. She sometimes spent weeks disguised as a man, once fending off arrest from Danish pursuers at gunpoint, and another time the caresses of an infatuated barmaid, the latter proving the more difficult escape. At her insistence, she shared Ulfeldt's exile and expeditions, while he engaged in intrigues with Denmark's enemies for some years, hoping either to return to Copenhagen in power or to humiliate those who held power there. Despite having been made Count of Sölvesborg in Sweden for treasonous services, he was discovered engaged in double treachery and, in 1659, imprisoned. His wife publicly defended him. They escaped separately to Copenhagen where he was promptly arrested, and she shared his harsh imprisonment in the castle Hammershus on the isle of Bornholm 1660-1661, until they ransomed themselves by deeding over most of their properties.
When Ulfeldt was again being sought for treason by the Danes, Leonora Christina went to England to solicit repayment from King Charles II of money her husband had loaned him during his exile. The King repaid his debt by welcoming the Countess (his cousin) to his table, then having her arrested as she boarded a ship to leave England, whereupon he turned her over to Denmark in 1663.
Imprisonment.
She was taken to a holding cell, and thrice cross-examined by court officials, but refused to attest to any crimes on her husband's part, or to join her signature to his abandoning their family's lands in return for her freedom. Finally she consented to the forfeiture upon the promise that Ulfeldt would be set free. But she was betrayed, he was condemned and a writ was issued for his execution and the exile of their children. Once again he escaped, and joined his children abroad, although she was not at first told this and was compelled to watch as he was burned in effigy. She was never to see her husband again, and there is no evidence that he sought her freedom or reunion with her prior to his death. 
For the next twenty-two years she remained in the custody of the Danish state, incarcerated without charge or trial in Copenhagen Castle's infamous Blue Tower (Danish, "Blåtårn"). She lived under meagre and humiliating conditions for the daughter of a king, and was for years deprived of almost all comforts. During these years she perforce showed great stoicism and ingenuity. She wrote that her cell was small, filthy, foul, infested with fleas, and that the rats were so numerous and hungry that they ate her night candle as it burned. She learned to piece together pages for writing from the wrappers on the sugar that she was given, and to make ink for her fowl's quill by capturing the candle's smoke on a spoon. Slowly she adjusted to her plight, ceased longing for revenge or death, and developed a mordant humor. She studied the vermin who were her only companions, recording her observations and conjectures about their instincts. When she heard that her husband had died abroad, she marvelled that she felt only relief that he had finally eluded his persecutors. 
The few human interactions she was permitted were equally humiliating, when not dangerous. The tower warden was wont to visit her at night when he was drunk, and she was saved from his advances on one occasion only because he slumbered off in mid-embrace. Maid servants were sent to clean her cell and watch her from an outer room, sending reports on her words and pastimes to the Queen. But such women as worked in prisons were apt to be hard and insolent. Leonora Christina fended off harassment from one serving wench only by threatening to kill her with her bare hands. 
She only received less harsh treatment and more amenities following the death of Frederick III early in 1670. The new king, Christian V, sent his ministers to solicit his mother's consent to free the prisoner. But, if Leonora Christina's account is to be believed, the Queen Dowager rejected their entreaties with rebuke. 
When a group of ladies of rank visited her "incognito" for their amusement one evening, she immediately recognized one of them as "Lady Augusta of Glucksburg", who had been wed in Copenhagen in June 1651 to her cousin Ernest Günther, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg). She deduced that the others were her nephew's Queen, Charlotte Amalie of Hesse-Kassel (or Hesse-Cassel), and his sister Anne Sophie, wife of the Electoral Prince Johan Georg of Saxony. They shed tears of pity once they saw her plight (except Augusta, whom Leonora Christina believed later reported the interview to the Queen Dowager). The Queen's mother, the Landgravine Hedwig of Hesse-Kassel, also paid her a clandestine visit while sojourning from Germany, and wagered with the King for the captive's liberation if the Queen's firstborn child was a son. But when the King's mother arrived for the prince's christening, she threatened to leave the court immediately unless Frederick reneged on his promise. The dowagers quarreled over the matter before the King, but the Blue Tower's gates remained shut. 
Eventually the King had Leonora Christina moved to more spacious quarters in the tower, installed a stove against the cold of Copenhagen winters, and commanded that her window be opened. The Queen loaned her silk worms, which Leonora Christina eventually returned in a casket on which were embroidered in silk a plea that "Leonora's bonds be loosed". She was now allowed pen and paper, and received a gift from her nephew of two hundred rix-dollars, most of which would be spent on foreign books. It was at this time that she began to write in earnest, intending that her children might one day read her words. 
Queen Dowager Sophie Amalie died in February 1685. On the morning of 19 May 1685 Leonora Christina was informed that a royal order had been issued by Chancellor Frederick von Ahlfeldt (he who had reluctantly escorted her into the Tower) for her release. But she refused the guard's offer to unlock her cell until, at 10 o'clock that night, denied a final private audience with the Queen and fetched by the daughter of her long-dead sister, Elisabeth Augusta Lindenov, the destitute Countess left the Blue Tower forever under cover of darkness and a veil, denying even a glimpse of her face to the curious crowd that had gathered in the courtyard (the Queen and her ladies watched from the palace balcony). For them Leonora Christina had already entered into legend — a royal adventuress who had been first regaled then held captive by the kings of England, Sweden and Denmark. She was sixty-three years old, and had spent twenty-one years, nine months and eleven days in the Tower. She lived her last years quietly on the grounds of Maribo Monastery, where she occupied her time editing her prison notebooks.
Literary contribution.
During her imprisonment and for the twelve years she lived afterwards, she composed the book that made her famous, "" (literally, "A Memory of Lament"), which was, however, only published in 1869. Now regarded as a classic of 17th century Danish literature, it explores her prison years in detailed and vivid prose, recounting her crises, confrontations, humiliations, self-discipline, growing religious faith and serenity, together with descriptions of hardships she endured or overcame. 
She also wrote in French an account of her happy youth, "La Lettre à Otto Sperling" (Letter to Otto Sperling), completed in 1673 and smuggled out of the Tower. Seeking the inspiration to endure her ordeal, she had sought out and translated tales of women in adversity. "Heltinders Pryd" (Praise of Heroines), was penned in 1683 as a compilation of biographical sketches describing the different kinds of courage and endurance summoned by women whose struggles left an imprint on history. In the process she became something of a proto-feminist from the perspective of some later literary and political critics.
Leonora Christina's fate, and especially her memoir, have made her a national cultural heroine in Scandinavia. She has sometimes been portrayed as of saintly stature, both poets and prelates hailing her as the ideal Danish woman: loyal, patient, resolute, and resourceful. Kristian Zahrtmann (1843-1917) has memorialized her story in a series of 18 monumental paintings, the first of which was shown in 1871. These were published as illustrations to her book in an 1890 edition, and released as individual prints in a 1907 edition.
Only recently have sceptics focused on other perceived aspects of the Countess's personality: arrogance, stubbornness, blind devotion to an unworthy husband, and a disingenuous cleverness seen as taking the literary form of a tendency toward self-absorption and self-absolution that somehow never casts her in a negative light. For all these flaws, real or imagined, the saga of the prisoner of the Blue Tower — the fall of a mighty woman and her rise from despair to an even greater intellectual and spiritual might, as told against the backdrop of Europe during the Reformation — remains deeply compelling, even inspiring, as much to artists and the devout as to historians, patriots and feminists.
Through her son Count Leo Ulfeldt (1651-1716), an Austrian soldier, her descendants not only include some of the most influential German and Slavic noble families of Europe, but also: King Simeon II of the Bulgarians (born 1937), King Michael of Romania (born 1921), Prince Hans Adam II of Liechtenstein (born 1945), Emperor Karl I of Austria-Hungary (1887-1922), King Peter II of Yugoslavia (1923-1970), King Manuel II of Portugal (1889-1932), King Frederick Augustus III of Saxony (1865-1932), Marie Christine, Princess Michael of Kent, (born 1945), Christoph, Cardinal von Schönborn (born 1945), Maximilian, Duke of Hohenberg (1902-1962), Johannes, Prince of Thurn and Taxis (1926-1990), and the Earls of Clanwilliam. Also notable among her descendants is Isabelle, comtesse de Paris (1911-2003)), whose life, aside from imprisonment, resembled Leonora Christina's in several respects: Daughter of a morganatic union, she lived in exile with and remained staunchly faithful to a faithless husband, signed away valuable property for his sake, wrote biographies of historically significant women, and penned a memoir (Tout m'est Bonheur, 1978) that celebrated life's blessings in the face of life's travails.
Children.
Leonora Christina and her husband Corfitz Ulfeldt had ten children:

</doc>
<doc id="2904773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904773" title="Varzob">
Varzob

Varzob is a settlement in Varzob district, Region of Republican Subordination, Tajikistan, in central Asia. It is the administrative center for the Varzob district. 
Geography.
Varzob is located on the left (east) bank of the Varzob River, about 25 km north of Dushanbe. The village of Begar lies about 2.5 km north of Varzob on the right bank of the river, and the village of Varzobkala lies just .75 km south of Varzob on the right bank of the river.
There are seven rivers in the area: the Varzob, the Simiganj, the Sioma, the Seer, the Vakhsh, the Amoo, and the Sorhob.

</doc>
<doc id="2904780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904780" title="Junnar">
Junnar

Junnar is a city with thousands of years of history in the Pune district of the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is a taluka headquarters. Situated at the base of the Sahyadri mountains, it is around 94 km north of Pune and 100 km east of Mumbai. Also located near this city are Shivneri Fort, birthplace of Chhatrapati Shivaji, the famous Maratha king, Lenyadri (girijatmak) and Ozar (vighnaher) both are from Ashtavinayakas. The land surrounding Junnar is very fertile and the main crops harvested are rice, wheat, and sugarcane. The town also holds a weekly market for fruit and vegetables on Sundays. Junnar is also famous for its Ganesh decorations during the Ganesh festival, being sometimes compared with the decorations in Pune and Mumbai during the festival. Junnar taluka in Maharashtra has the largest density of leopard population within a 500 km² area. It also holds the record for the largest number of leopards trapped within that range ever. Junnar is also surrounded by much greenery and dams, such as Vadaj and Manikdoh, common picnicking locations. Also present are the ancient Naneghat caves.
Junnar has attained prominence as early as 90 B.C when king Vedishri son of the Satavahana king Satakarni, the "Lord of Dakshinapatha, wielder of the unchecked wheel of Sovereignty" made Junnar the capital of his kingdom.
Transport.
State Transport buses run between Pune and Junnar from Shivajinagar ST stand from 0630 every hour.
Also bus facility available from Mumbai (Kalyan).
Tourism.
Naneghat:- a mountain pass, is in the Western Ghats range near Ghatgar in Pune district of Maharashtra, India. Ghatghar is the empire of Maratha Royal family Pansare. During the reign of the Satavahana, the pass was extensively used as a trade route between Kalyan and Junnar. Very beautiful temple of lord Ganesha in cave is found here. Nane Ghat is situated at about 55 km from Kalyan. One can reach the base village Vaishakare by boarding the state transport bus passing through Malshej Ghat. From Vaishakare it's about 1/2 an hour walk along the road to Malshej Ghat to reach the divergence for Nane Ghat. Now there is board indicating the divergence so there will be no difficulty in finding the divergence. Naneghat offers different beauty in different seasons. In summer and winter, when there are no clouds, view of Jivdhan and Dhakoba is awesome.
Junnar is the land of mystery & the mystery of land. Junnar has 2500 yrs prosperous history, adventurous geography with Granger ghats like Malshej Ghat, Darya Ghat, Nane ghat. some bullet point of tourism potential of Junnar are
--Historical Naneghat is in Junnar from where trading with other countries was there before 2500yrs.
--Junnar, Birthplace of Maratha king Chhtrapati Shivaji Maharaj Fort, 1630
--Junnar has highest number of mountain forts in Maharashtra state Shivneri, Chawand, Nimgiri, Dhakoba, Narayangad, Hadsar, Jivdhan, 
Harishchandra gad—Junnar has 2 Ashtavinayak, temples of Lord Ganesha Ozar out of 8 ashtavinayak.
--Junnar has highest number of cave group in Maharashtra Lenyadri Caves, Manmodi Caves, Tulja Caves, Shivneri Caves
--Junnar has several ancient religious places such as Khireshwar temple, Kukadeshwar temple.
--Junnar is known for its fresh & healthy air known as "Sanitarium of India" where breathing problems can be cure easily.
--Junnar has wide range of agriculture from traditional farming of rice up to the farming of export quality grapes.
--Junnar Has largest density of leopord in world conserved 27 leopords in 500 sq m area.
--Due to beautiful nature, attractive scenery shooting of several films is always going in Junnar. Films like Ravan, Tees Mar kHan,
Tingya, Chalte Chalte & several Add films also shooted in Junnar. Doctor Sabir Lives in this Taluka. He is a well known Cancer Physician.
Junnar is also well known for its historic jama masjid & Iddgah. It is also known for the tombs of virious saints. One can explore the architecture of medieval periods such as Adilshahi. Nature lovers also visit these forts for their natural beauty the rare species of flowers, trees etc. Malshej Ghat is the place to visit in rainy season it has awesome water falls. Nowadays, most of the Hindi film directors prefer shooting their films here because of its natural beauty.
Agriculture is not only farming, its culture of entire human being. 3000 yrs ago Sage Parashara wrote 1st manuscripts of world on agriculture named "krushi Parashara" सुस्था भवंतु कृषकः धनधान्यसमन्विताfarmers be happy & wealthywas his main prayer. Junnar was his tapobhumi. his translated manuscripts are in the library of Parashar Agritourism, Junnar.
Films like Raavan, Tees Mar Khan, and many south Indian films are also attracted to this location.
Junnar also has many temples major two Ashtavinayak temples of lord Ganesha out of eight are situated in Junnar 1:- Ozar 
Ozar has the state of the art accommodation facility for tourists. Celebrity like Abhishek Bachchan, Aishwarya Rai, Govinda, Akshay Kumar, Katrina Kaif, and many more stayed there for months while shooting for their films.
Geography.
Junnar has an average elevation of 689 metres (2260 feet). State Transport buses run between Pune and Junnar from Shivajinagar ST stand. The Kukadi River flows to the north.
Schools and colleges.
"**Hon. Balasaheb Jadav Art, Commerce & Science College-ALE"
"**Dyan Mandir High Scool & Junior College, ALE."
Junnar has excellent schools with top-class facilities for studies as well as extra curricular activities.
Considering the need of the population of about 55 thousand, need was felt to start a school for the Hearing and speech-impaired. In 1985 due to the combined efforts of J.E.S., Rotary Club of Junnar, and Surud Mandal (Pune) an effort was made and the school for the hearing and speech impaired children was started.
Shri Shiv Chhatrapati College (SSC College, Junnar) (श्रीशिवछत्रपति महाविद्यालय) and Jaihind Technical College provide facilities for further studies in non-technical and technical areas respectively.
Shankararao Butte Patil Vidyalaya SBPV Junnar (शंकरराव बुटे पाटिल विधालय), previously known as New School Junnar. Annasaheb Awate vidhyalay, Krushnarao munde Vidhyala, Anjuman Urdu high school
This is a well-known school, which has students placed in merit list of state board merit list And has active alumni named Back2School to guide new students for their career.
Junnar has a Urdu Medium School And Junior college (Anjuman High School ) which established in 1960 also more than 100 year old Urdu primary school.
For Islamic studies Darululoom has been started in the recent past.
Ganesh co-operative Milk Dairy.
This is a milk collecting center located at village Rajuri. For contributing to large extent to the progress of the village, this dairy was named "Shakarita Gaurav Puraskat" by the Prime Minister of India, Dr. Manmohan Singh.
Cave temples.
Surroundings of Junnar are very rich with ancient cave temples. In total there are more than 200 individual rock-cut caves located in four hills around Junnar. The largest and best known group is 30–40 Lenyadri Caves to the north from Junnar. Other groups of ancient temples are Tuljalena, Manmodi and Sivaneri.
Junnar has Hindu and Muslim mix population. along with various femouse temple there are various Dargha of Sufi saint. Prominently Shahensha-e-Junnar, Harrat Ishaqe sha Qadri ra' 'PeerPahadi Baba, Ahele quresh, Khaja bande Nawaz,Peer Known as Bawen Mile and various other Sufis Mazar in Junnar City.
Belhe.
This place is known as "Belhe Market". It is famous all over Junnar and in nearby Sangamner, Parner, Shirur, Murbad and Khed for its oxen and goat market. Belhe is situated towards the north-east of Junnar Tehsil of Pune on the Nagar - Kalyan Highway (NH 222). It is a large village with a population of 12816 and holds its weekly market on Mondays. Belhe belongs to a Moghal family who held a high position in Junnar in the seventeenth century and who still enjoy the title of Nawabs of Belhe. They have married with the Nawabs of Surat and the present proprietor is the son-in-law of Jafar Ali the late Nawab of Surat. They have a large mansion in Junnar town which is entered by a fine gateway. To the south-east of Belhe, near the Belheshwar Temple, is a Hemadpanti well. The well is about twenty yards square and is entered by two opposite flights of ten steps each. The walls have eighteen canopied niches four each on the sides with steps and five each on the other two sides. The niches (3' x 1' 6" x 1) are square headed with carved side pillars and a finial consisting of a canopy knobbed at the top. The south wall has a worn-out inscription.
Belheshwar Temple a temple of Lord Shiva was give name for this location, Belhe is popular for TAMASHA RASIK, Having interest for looking Marathi Traditional Dramatic Comedy Show. In shravan there are many festivals are held, 
Pir Shah Dawal Malik Baba Dargah & Baleshwar Temple located in Bangarwadi North West Side of Belhe. Hindu & Muslim community always prays BABA. Yatra of Dawal Malik Baba is held Last Thursday of Shravan Month . 
Vitthal Temple another famous place, it is Temple of Lord Vishnu , located in Bangarwadi. This Temple divided in two Part one is cave & another is Hemadpanti temple, This cave is found in 1200 AD & Temple is renewed in last Decade, Larges size of stone are used for reconstructing this temple, 
Malabai this temple is located at North side of Belhe in Gulunchwadi, Goddess Durga's Temple available here, This is nature born temple on Nagar - Kalyan highway,
Weekly Market is specialty of Belhe, large Number of bulls are sold in every week here, Not only bull but also Goat, Buffalo, Horse, Hen & Vegetable & Grain Trade done here.
Major Crops - Bajara, Jwari, Wheat, Sugar Cane, Mango, Grapes, Banana, Sitaphal.
Academic Contribution: Rayat Shikshan Sanstha's Shri Belheshwar Vidyamandir, Malshej Niketan's English Medium School, Supriaya Collage of Education.
"Muktabai" this temple is located at East side of Belhe in Pimpalzap, boundary of the Pune & A. Nagar Dist. Goddess Durga's Temple available here, This temple is stationed on Belhe - Kalas - Pimpalgaon Rotha road1.
-:bank & patsanstha :-
pune dist.central co-op bank ltd,
bank of India,
sadhana mahila patsanstha,
kalyani mahila patsanstha,
rajlaxmi mahila patsanstha,
jai jawan patsanstha,
shripad vallabh patsanstha,
yashwantrao chavan patsanstha,
bangarwadi vikas patsanstha,
shri vishwakalyan patsanstha,
khansahab patsanstha,
shri saikrupa patsanstha,
vishal junnar patsanstha,
belhe phal-vikri sanstha,
External links.
Naneghat- It is 3 km from beautiful village Ghatghar. Naneghat is a mountain pass in the Western Ghats range near Junnar in Pune district of Maharashtra, India. During the reign of the Satavahana, the pass was extensively used as a trade route between Kalyan and Junnar.

</doc>
<doc id="2904781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904781" title="Seatearth">
Seatearth

Seatearth is a British coal mining term, which is used in the geological literature. As noted by Jackson, a seatearth is the layer of sedimentary rock underlying a coal seam. Seatearths have also been called seat earth, "seat rock", or "seat stone" in the geologic literature. Depending on its physical characteristics, a number of different names, i.e. underclay, "fireclay", flint clay, and "ganister" can be applied to a specific seatearth.
Underclay.
Underclay is a seatearth composed of soft, dispersible clay, or other fine-grained sediment, either immediately underlying or forming the floor of a coal seam. Underclay typically contains the fossil roots and exhibits noticeable development soil structures. It often has been noticeably altered due to weathering. Underclays, which occur within Carboniferous coal measures, commonly contain Stigmarian roots. Synonyms for underclay included seat clay, root clay, thill, warrant, coal clay, and warrant clay
Underclays typically show considerable evidence of having been altered by plant activity and soil forming processes and are either in whole or part buried soils, called paleosols. As documented in various detailed studies of underclays, underclays and seat earths typically exhibit features characteristics of soil profile development. Depending on the specific underclay, these soil features can include some combination of pedogenic slickensides, pedogenic ped structures, illuviated clay pore fillings, different types of pedogenic microfabrics, rhizocretions, caliche nodules, root molds, and soil horizons. In the better-developed paleosols, significant alteration of the mineralogy, i.e. leaching and translocation of alkali and alkaline earth elements and the kaolinitization of smectites and hydroxy-interlayer vermiculite, will have occurred. In poorly developed paleosols, as seen in the soil profiles of modern poorly developed soils, called "Inceptisols", of modern river deltas and floodplains, there might not exist any noticeable alteration of the underclay. These studies demonstrate that a paleosol, which is either developed in or comprises underclay, largely reflects the effects of plants and other soil forming processes on the underclay while it formed the ground surface prior to being buried by organic sediments. Plant growth, waterlogging, and other processes, which occurred during the development of a mire or swamp, in which a layer of peat accumulated that later became the overlying coal, modified the paleosol to create an underclay
Fire clay.
Underclay, which consists of siliceous refractory clay rich in hydrous aluminium silicates, is also called fireclay. Just as not all underclays are fireclays, not all fireclays are underclays. Within Carboniferous and other coal bearing strata, fireclay quite commonly comprises many underclays. In Great Britain underclays, which are 1 to 3 metres ( 3 to 9 feet) thick, are major source of commercial fireclay deposits. The alteration of sediments by weathering, plants, and other soil processes comprising underclay resulted in the formation of vast majority of fireclay that comprises underclay.
Flint clay.
Another clay associated with coal beds is a smooth, flintlike refractory clay or mudstone composed dominantly of kaolin, called "flint clay". Flint clay breaks with a pronounced conchoidal fracture and resists slaking in water.
Flint clay can be either detrital or authegenic in origin. Detrital flint clays consist of kaolinite-rich sediments eroded and transported from uplands deeply weathered under tropical climates and redeposited within the coastal plains, in which coal-bearing strata accumulated. Authegenic flint clays consist of sediments altered in place after deposition as beds within acid, organic sediments, i.e. peat, accumulating within swamps and mires. 
Flint clays associated with coal typically occur as thin, laterally continuous layers (bands), called "tonsteins", found within coal beds. At least, in case of tonsteins found within coal, the formation of flint clays resulted from the alternation of glass comprising volcanic ash by acid waters after it accumulated as thin beds within peat swamps or mires.
Ganister.
In addition to underclays, ganisters also occur as seatearths. Like fireclays, they also found within Carboniferous and other sedimentary strata independent of coal beds. Thus, as in case of fireclays, not all ganisters are seatearths. Ganisters are indurated, fine-grained quartzose sandstones, which can be used in the manufacture of silica brick. It is cemented with secondary silica and has a characteristic splintery fracture.
As defined, ganisters can either be created by either the cementation of quartzose by surficial soil-forming processes to form silicrete or by diagenetic cementation within the subsurface. Detailed studies of ganisters, which occur either as seatearths or elsewhere within coal-bearing strata, have found them to be ancient paleosols, which are equivalent in both physical characteristics and origin to modern silica-cemented soils, called silcretes. The modern equivalent of ganisters have been observed in the process of being formed in the Okavango Delta of Botswana.

</doc>
<doc id="2904786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904786" title="The World Game">
The World Game

The World Game is an Australian football television show broadcast on SBS. The show analytically reviews and previews Australian and international football and football issues. It is currently hosted by Les Murray.
Format.
From August 2013, a half-hour weekly Monday night show has been aired on SBS One. The show focuses on a wide coverage of Australian and international football events from the week prior.
History.
The show first aired in 2001, and started out as a live 6-hour show, airing on Sunday afternoons. It was then shortened to a 3-hour show a few years later.
From 2 August 2010, the show was moved to Monday nights, on SBS Two live at 9.30pm AEST, and is repeated soon after on SBS One at 11.00pm AEST. This allowed for wider coverage of the football events from the weekend prior. The show was also shortened to one-hour episodes.
Tony Palumbo, a seasoned journalist with the Italian migrant press in Australia, assists in providing some insights on major European leagues, primarily the English Premier League and Italian Serie A. Some footage is provided from Spain's La Liga, France's Ligue 1, Scotland's Scottish Premier League, South America's Copa Libertadores and Germany's Bundesliga. UEFA Champions League, UEFA Cup, other cup games and internationals (European Championship) also get game footage; mainly the Champions League. Former Sydney FC coach Branko Culina is a regular contributor on discussion relating to Australian football. On November 1, 2012 SBS bought the rights to show one live A-League game per week, with the remainder going to pay TV provider Fox Sports. They will also broadcast the Socceroos' World Cup qualifiers on one-hour delay with Fox Sports showing them live.
Special editions.
The World Game team responsible for the weekly regular show present major football events including the FIFA Club World Cup, FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup, UEFA European Football Championship, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League and major European Cup finals including The FA Cup, DFB Pokal and Copa del Rey. A pre-match preview, half time and post-match review is typically given by the various presenters.
In other media.
Website.
The World Game website is a popular football news website run as an adjunct to the TV program. It used to include a forum called The World Game Forum, which has since ceased activity. Commonly referred to by the abbreviation TWGF, the forum was one of the more popular football forums in Australia. It had over 18,000 members, who have contributed to over 800,000 articles.
It was first established in July 2002.
Podcast.
The World Game Podcast started 6 June 2011, with Scott McIntyre, David Zdrilic and Sebastian Hassett hosting. The podcast sees a variety of guests talk the week in Australian and international football.
App.
The World Game app, available from the iTunes Store, was SBS’s first mobile application. It received more than 25,000 downloads in its first week of release. The app provides a live score and result service with the addition of video highlights, news and content from The World Game team.
Awards.
In 2008, the program was nominated for a Logie Award in the 'Most Popular Sports Program' award category. It lost out to The AFL Footy Show.

</doc>
<doc id="2904788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904788" title="Robert W. Lyon">
Robert W. Lyon

Robert W. Lyon (May 22, 1842 – October 9, 1904) was Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1881 to 1884.
Early life.
Mayor Lyon was born in Butler County, Pennsylvania north of Pittsburgh in 1842. He joined the 102nd Pennsylvania Volunteers during the American Civil War. When he came home from war Lyon made a small fortune in the petroleum industry.
Pittsburgh politics.
Mayor Lyon won election in 1881 and was best known as "the working man's mayor." He guided city hall into the completion of the Smithfield Street Bridge and the successful annexation of the Garfield neighborhood. The AFL, forerunner to the AFL-CIO, was founded in Pittsburgh under his administration. 
In 1884, he went to work in a steel mill and worked in county government until his death in 1904. He was buried in Calvary Cemetery in the west suburb of McKees Rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="2904790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904790" title="Veracocha">
Veracocha

Veracocha is the alias used for the trance music collaboration between Dutch producers Vincent de Moor and Ferry Corsten, both of whom have had solo success under their own names, and using various other pseudonyms.
The only track issued under the Veracocha alias was "Carte Blanche", which was released on the Positiva label in 1999, and reached number 22 in the UK Singles Chart. The song has since been remixed and re-released on many occasions. A bonus track entitled "Drafting" was on the European CD release.
Veracocha also remixed "Ayla" by Ayla (the German DJ and producer Ingo Kunzi).
Veracocha were reportedly named after the Incan god Viracocha, who was featured on a TV programme that Corsten was watching.
In 2008, the track was re-released with new mixes by Cosmic Gate and Manuel De La Mare.

</doc>
<doc id="2904810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904810" title="Simiganj">
Simiganj

Simiganj (or Simiganch) is a town in Vahdat District, Region of Republican Subordination, Tajikistan, in central Asia. The Simiganj River flows through the town. Simiganj Jamoat, which includes rural areas, had a population of 24,249 in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2904816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904816" title="British Rail Class 46">
British Rail Class 46

The British Rail Class 46 is a class of diesel locomotive. They were built from 1961-1963 at British Railways' Derby Works and were initially numbered D138-D193. With the arrival of TOPS they were renumbered to Class 46. Fifty-six locomotives were built. The first was withdrawn in 1977 and all of them were withdrawn by the end of 1984.
Overview.
The Class 46 design was structurally the same as the preceding Class 45 build, and had the same Sulzer engine, but differed in the fitment of a Brush generator and traction motors, in place of the Crompton Parkinson equipment fitted to the Class 45. Along with the other Sulzer class 44 and 45 designs they are often referred to as "Peaks", so named because the earliest of the Class 44 were named after mountains.
Operation.
Despite intermittent use on freight trains, Class 46s were regular performers on passenger turns, particularly North East-South West, Trans-Pennine and secondary North East-London trains, and depot allocations reflected this with locos at Gateshead, Cardiff and Plymouth in 1977 giving a typical spread. Freight workings were also quite often worked over long distances, particularly "clay hoods" carrying china clay from Cornwall to the area around Stoke-on-Trent.
In the 1980s the remaining locomotives were concentrated at Gateshead depot, and the final booked passenger workings for the class were the dated summer Saturday services Bradford - Weymouth (between Bradford and Birmingham New Street), Newcastle - Plymouth, Newcastle - Blackpool North, and York - Blackpool North.
Nuclear flask crash test.
On 17 July 1984, 46009, hauling three Mark 1 coaches, was deliberately crashed into a "Flatrol" wagon loaded with a nuclear waste flask and lying on its side. The train was travelling at about on the Old Dalby Test Track in a test organised by the CEGB. The test was intended to demonstrate to the public that there would be no leak of radioactive material in the event of a rail accident involving a train carrying a nuclear waste flask.
46009 was scrapped on site at Old Dalby later the same month by Vic Berry of Leicester. Images
Preservation.
Three have been preserved: 46010 at the Nottingham Transport Heritage Centre; 46035 "Ixion"; and D182 at Midland Railway - Butterley

</doc>
<doc id="2904827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904827" title="Babia">
Babia

Babia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2904828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904828" title="Crime in Sweden">
Crime in Sweden

The 9,350,000 inhabitants of Sweden reported 1,410,000 offences to the authorities in 2009 (approximately 151 offences/1000 inhabitants). The number of reported crimes has increased radically since the collection of national statistics began in 1950. Much of this has been attributed to a higher level of reporting of crimes, but the largest factor is the absolute increase of incidents of crime. 
In regard to the homicide rate, Sweden is one of the safest countries in the European Union; in 2008-2010 only five EU countries (Slovenia, Austria, Germany, Spain, and Netherlands) had a lower homicide rate per 100 000 population than Sweden. Sweden however has a high rate of reported assault and sex crimes, and there is debate as to why this is the case.
Crime dynamics.
Historical statistics.
1950 was the year Sweden began recording national crime statistics. In 1950, 195,000 crimes were reported. In 1964, the number was 368,000. Between 1975 and 1990, the number of reported offences rose by 61 percent at a steady rate. In the 90s and the recent years, the number has fluctuated between years, but has generally not been increasing.
Crime demographics.
During the period 1997–2001, 25% of the almost 1,520,000 offences for which a perpetrator was convicted were committed by people born in the Middle East or Eastern Europe, while almost 20% were committed by people with a foreign background who were born in Sweden. Those from North Africa and the Middle East were also overrepresented.
Crime by type.
Of the crimes reported to the authorities in 2003, 53% were theft-related, 13% were contact crimes, 12% were vandalism and destruction, 6% were traffic crimes (not including minor incidents), 5% were fraud-related and 3% were narcotics-related.
Assaults.
Sweden has a relatively high rate of reported assault crimes, but, as with sex crimes (see section below), this does not necessary mean that such crimes are more common in Sweden than in other countries. For aggravated assault, the rate in 2001 was 667.42 per 100,000 people for Sweden, 318.55 for United States, 23.78 for Japan. 
However, this high rate may simply be the result of different legal and social understanding of what assault crimes are, and different reporting patterns. For instance, specific forms of assault, such as when a husband hits his wife, when parents hit their children to discipline them, or when teachers hit their pupils after they have misbehaved, are much more likely to be reported and to be considered unacceptable and illegal in Sweden than in most other parts of the world. With aggravated assault the rate in Sweden is double that of the US, but in the US views on specific issues are different from in Sweden. 
For example, in the US, "reasonable" corporal punishment of children by parents is legal (courts have ruled that parents can even use implements such as belts or paddles), and in some US states corporal punishment is also legal in schools; while Sweden was the first country in the world to ban corporal punishment of children (the legal right of parents' to corporally punish their children was first removed in 1966, and it was explicitly prohibited by law from July 1979). In many countries, there is also a very high tolerance of violence in society, with only the most severe assaults (those that cause very severe injury or endanger life) being reported and being seen as worthy of legal intervention.
Homicides.
In 2009, there were a total of 232 reported homicides to the Swedish police. Of those 232 homicides there were 93 deaths due to manslaughter, assault or murder 18 deaths were of uncertain origin, 7 deaths occurred abroad, 5 were still under investigation early 2010. The number of homicides amounted to 93 in 2009, whereas the average number of homicides per year was 94.25 in the years 2002 to 2009. This gives a rate of approximately 1 homicide per 100,000 inhabitants.
Stockholm's reported homicide rate is on par with most capitals, with around 3 annual homicides per 100,000 inhabitants, although the numbers are hard to compare due to large fluctuations between years. Murders are significantly less common now than in the 19th Century and earlier eras.
Sex crimes.
In 2009 there were 15,700 reported sexual offenses in Sweden, a rise of 8% compared to 2008, of which 5,940 were rape and sexual harassment (including exhibitionism) accounted for 7,590 reports. In April 2009, it was reported that sex crimes had increased by 58% over the previous ten years. According to a 2009 European Union study, Sweden has one of the highest rates of reported rape in Europe. However, the authors of the study questioned the accuracy of the data provided by the countries reporting low instances of rape. They also noted that a widening of the definition of rape in law; procedural rules which require police to record all reports, and a confidence in the criminal justice system could account for the relative high number of reported rapes in Sweden.
There is debate about why this number is so high (almost 168 sexual offences per 100,000 inhabitants). Some argue that the high rates relative to other countries do not reflect differences in rates of offences, but are due to differences in other factors, such as the practice of counting multiple crimes against a single victim (such as from long time domestic abuse), much higher reporting of sex crimes by the victims than in other cultures, and a much broader definition of criminal sexual behavior and more progressive attitudes towards what constitutes sexual victimization (Sweden has been a pioneer in its approach to rape - for instance it was one of the first countries in the world to outlaw marital rape in 1965, much earlier than other Western countries - e.g. Germany outlawed it only in 1997).
However, others argue that Sweden's high rates indeed reflect a serious problem with sexual crimes: in 2009, in a European Union study, the researcher stated that Sweden's high rape rate cannot be explained purely by a greater tendency to report rapes, and that rape was indeed more common in Sweden. However, several sociologists like Laura Agustín argue that the study’s comparative dimension should probably be ignored. She argues that although the figures seem to suggest that there are four times as many rapes in Sweden as in bordering Denmark or Finland, to understand the figures in the study, a comparison of all the definitional and procedural differences between the different Scandinavian legal systems is required. She points out, for instance, that Sweden counts every sexual crime between the same two people separately in statistics where as other countries count them as one. 
For example, if someone experiences marital rape for a whole year, every instance of sexual violence the victim has experienced is reported as an individual event. Amnesty International blamed Sweden's "deeply rooted patriarchal gender norms", (however in 2006 Sweden was ranked as the number one country in gender equality). It has been also suggested that the high amount of reported sexual crimes in Sweden might have something to do with problems related to immigration. However there have been no studies regarding ethnicity of those guilty of sexual crimes in Sweden. 
Sweden is one of a few countries in the world to criminalize only the "buying" of sexual acts (the client commits a sex crime, but not the prostitute, who is considered the victim). The law makes no distinction between voluntary and forced prostitution.
Robbery.
In the late 1990s a certain crime drew the attention of media: muggings among youths. Certain groups put the blame upon immigrants due to their increased rates during those years, even though numbers had been dropping since 1994, yet with the original immigrants remaining in Sweden. Some areas that came to define the situation in respective cities were Bergsjön in Göteborg; Rinkeby in Stockholm; and Rosengård in Malmö.
These areas with their low socioeconomic standard and high unemployment led to segregation. At the same time the rate of foreigner-related crimes were reported as being at a significant level for Swedish standards but low in comparison with the rest of the world. The truth of this was much disputed in the Swedish media with opponents maintaining claims to be the result of xenophobia, hostility and misunderstanding, while others have criticized the media for not reporting on immigrant crimes.
A study was eventually called for and published in 2000 by the National Council for Crime Prevention. Of teenagers in 9th grade, 10% of boys and 5% of girls had been the target of muggings during the previous 2 years. The rates of gymnasium students were about the same. 10% of boys and 5% of girls questioned admitted having mugged someone.
Desirable objects are mainly money (35%) and cell phones (34%). The average value of stolen items were around 700 Swedish kronor (~90 US$).
Juvenile robberies reported to the police annually.
The same study also showed that only about 50% of the muggings were reported to police.
Corruption.
In general, the level of corruption in Sweden is very low. The legal and institutional framework in Sweden are considered effective in fighting against corruption, and the government agencies are characterized by a high degree of transparency, integrity and accountability. 
Punishment.
The percentage of the population in prison is significantly lower than in most other countries. Out of 100,000 inhabitants, 79 lived in prison facilities in 2001, which is a bit higher than other Scandinavian countries. By comparison, most industrial countries in Europe had a rate of around 100 (England & Wales 125, Germany 97, Italy 90); and some eastern Europe states range between 150–300. Russia ranks high above Sweden with 577 inmates per 100,000 inhabitants, topped only by The United States's 743. Some of these numbers may be due to variations in prison types, for instance Sweden makes frequent use of electronic fetters, allowing the prisoner to live at home (but under constant surveillance, including a no-alcohol policy.)
At the same time, over the last years the prison population per capita has increased in line with the general increase in violent and drug-related crime.
The Swedish prison system is not generally severe. The emphasis is on humanitarian treatment of prisoners and rehabilitation. Sentences are generally short and prisoners enjoy a high material standard. The maximum sentence—a "life" sentence—means imprisonment for an undetermined period no longer than the span of the prisoner's natural life, and the prisoner is generally released after 15–20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2904829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904829" title="Traverse City West Senior High">
Traverse City West Senior High

Traverse City West Senior High is a public high school in Traverse City, Michigan, located at 5376 N. Long Lake Road. The principal is Joseph Tibaldi, who has been the principal since the school's opening in 1997. The school was originally built as a solution to the overcrowding at Traverse City Senior High School, which was Michigan's largest high school prior to the split. In 1997, Traverse City Senior High was split by the school district into two distinct high schools. The newly constructed Traverse City West Senior High School was opened, while the original high school facility was renamed as Traverse City Central High School. The name of Traverse City Senior High was discontinued at that time.
Since that time, West Senior High's enrollment has encompassed students living west of Division Street. Traverse City West is one of three public high schools in Traverse City, with nearly 2,000 students each year. It is several times larger than most of the schools in its surrounding area and is the single largest high school outside of the Grand Rapids and Detroit areas in the entire state of Michigan, including the Upper Peninsula. West is located in the Traverse City Area Public Schools school district, which is part of the larger Traverse Bay Area intermediate school district. West offers classes for students in grades 9–12 as of the 2008–2009 school year. Additionally, students are given the option to dual enroll and attend classes at Northwestern Michigan College. In addition to the dual enrollment program, a wide variety of honors and AP classes are offered.
Music and the Arts.
Traverse City West has an active music program, with multiple choirs, bands (wind ensemble, symphony band, and concert band), and orchestras. In addition to the larger groups, there are also numerous small ensembles, including two jazz bands, small vocal groups (Choral Aires, Bella Voce and Westmen), and some student-led chamber ensembles. Every three years the Chorale goes on a tour throughout Europe. The first time Euro-Chorale went to Europe they won 3rd place in the Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod. Two years later Chorale went again and was awarded 2nd place. In 2006, Chorale did not make the festival. They did, however, perform at the Eisteddfod as a general concert outside of the competition. In 2009, The Traverse City West Chorale traveled to Europe again, where they were invited to sing at Mass in Saint Peter's Basilica in Vatican City, and to compete in The Musica Mundi International choral competition located in Budapest, Hungary, where they won 1st place in the "Folk Music" and "Mixed Choir" categories.
The school puts on an annual musical which involves students from all fields. Musicals performed at West include such classics as "Patience", "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", "The Pirates of Penzance", "The Music Man", "Ruddigore", "Les Misérables", "West Side Story", "Aida", "The Mikado", "Me and My Girl", "The Secret Garden", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Aida (musical) ", and "Beauty and the Beast (musical)"
The Theater Arts classes put on several different shows for the public each year; in addition, the Thespian club puts on a performance and competes at drama festivals.
Athletics.
Traverse City West's most intense sports rival is with cross-town Traverse City Central High School, while also maintaining a competitive rivalry with Petoskey High School. West competes in baseball, basketball, bowling, cheerleading, cross country, cross-country skiing, figure skating, dance, downhill skiing, equestrian, football, golf, gymnastics, ice hockey, Juggling Club, lacrosse, chess, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, rugby, sailing, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling. West's boys' soccer has won a state championship, and the girls' alpine skiing team has won 2 state championships (2006, 2007.) They have played schools such as Detroit Catholic Central High School, Birmingham Brother Rice, Rockford High School, Grandville High School, and Midland Dow High School. Their annual game with rival Traverse City Central High School brings in yearly crowds between 10,000 and 15,000 people.
West also competes with their conference opponents Petoskey, Cadillac, Alpena, Traverse City Central High School, and Gaylord High Schools, the six largest high schools in Northern Michigan, as a member of the Big North Conference.
Endowment.
The Titan Excellence Fund was established in 2010 to support student life and academics at TC West. The endowment is held by the Grand Traverse Regional Community Foundation and pays out approximately $1,200 per year in mini-grants to students and teachers. 

</doc>
<doc id="2904832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904832" title="Ostan">
Ostan

Ostan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2904837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904837" title="Black drop">
Black drop

Black drop may refer to:

</doc>
