<doc id="2898572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898572" title="ISATAP">
ISATAP

ISATAP (Intra-Site Automatic Tunnel Addressing Protocol) is an IPv6 transition mechanism meant to transmit IPv6 packets between dual-stack nodes on top of an IPv4 network.
Unlike 6over4 (an older similar protocol using IPv4 multicast), ISATAP uses IPv4 as a virtual nonbroadcast multiple-access network (NBMA) data link layer, so that it does not require the underlying IPv4 network infrastructure to support multicast.
How ISATAP works.
ISATAP defines a method for generating a link-local IPv6 address from an IPv4 address, and a mechanism to perform Neighbor Discovery on top of IPv4.
Link-local address generation.
Any host wishing to participate in ISATAP over a given IPv4 network can set up a virtual IPv6 network interface. The link-local address is determined by prepending codice_1 for globally unique addresses, or codice_2 for private addresses, in front of the 32 bits of the host's IPv4 address.
For example, the global IPv4 address codice_3 would use codice_4 as its link-local IPv6 address. The shortened notation would be codice_5 (where codice_6 is codice_3 in hexadecimal notation).
Neighbour Discovery.
Because ISATAP uses IPv6 as a non multicast/broadcast-capable (unlike Ethernet) link layer, ICMPv6 Neighbor Discovery cannot be done in the usual manner. That is why ISATAP is a bit more complex than 6over4.
The link layer address associated with a given IPv6 address is contained in the lower-order 32-bits of the IPv6 address, so that Neighbor Discovery is not really needed. However, the lack of multicast support prevents the use of automatic Router Discovery. Therefore, ISATAP hosts must be configured with a "potential routers list" (PRL). Each of these routers is infrequently probed by an ICMPv6 Router Discovery message, to determine which of them are functioning, and to perform unicast-only autoconfiguration (typically, obtain the list of on-link IPv6 prefixes that can be used).
In practice, implementations build their PRL by querying the DNS, e.g. by looking up codice_8 if the local domain is codice_9. The local domain is typically obtained via DHCP (over IPv4) or statically configured.
Criticisms of ISATAP.
ISATAP typically builds its PRL by consulting the DNS; hence, in the OSI model it is a lower-layer protocol that relies on a higher layer. A circularity is avoided by relying on an IPv4 DNS server, which does not rely on IPv6 routing being established; however, this is a violation of network design principles, and feels brittle to some network specialists.
ISATAP carries the same security risks as 6over4: the IPv4 virtual link must be delimited carefully at the network edge, so that external IPv4 hosts cannot pretend to be part of the ISATAP link. That is normally done by ensuring that "proto-41" (6in4) cannot pass through the firewall.
Implementations of ISATAP.
ISATAP is implemented in Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012, Windows Mobile, Linux, and in some versions of Cisco IOS.
Due to a patent claim, early in-kernel implementations were withdrawn from both KAME (*BSD) and USAGI (Linux). However the IETF IPR disclosure search engine reports that the would-be infringing patent’s holder requires no license from implementers. ISATAP support has been supported in Linux since kernel version 2.6.25, the tool isatapd provides a userspace helper. For prior kernels, the open source project Miredo provided an incomplete userland ISATAP implementation, which was removed in version 1.1.6.

</doc>
<doc id="2898578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898578" title="Armañanzas">
Armañanzas

Armañanzas is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898581" title="Billboard Comprehensive Albums">
Billboard Comprehensive Albums

Billboard Comprehensive Albums was established in 2003 and was a weekly albums chart produced by "Billboard" magazine that ranked the biggest selling albums in the United States regardless of the product's age or method of sales.
Billboard Comprehensive Albums included any album, old or new, sold anywhere, for which sales data was available. Generally, the Billboard Comprehensive Albums was nearly identical to the Billboard 200, with the exception of approximately 20 to 30 "catalog" albums that still sell well enough to be one of the top 200-selling albums in any given week.
Albums which are over 18 months old (from the date of release) and have dropped below position 100 on The Billboard 200 were removed from that chart and placed on the Top Pop Catalog Albums chart.
Until November 2007, albums sold as an "exclusive" to a particular retail outlet (such as iTunes, Starbucks, or Wal-Mart) were not eligible for the Billboard 200 due to a long-standing policy. This policy was changed following the first-week success of The Eagles' album "Long Road Out of Eden", sold exclusively at Wal-Mart and on the Eagles' website; the rule change took effect with the issue dated November 17, 2007.
The Billboard Comprehensive Albums chart was not published in the print edition of "Billboard" magazine. Instead, it can be viewed via paid subscription to "Billboard"'s online service, Billboard.biz.
The issue dated July 11, 2009 was the first time any catalog album outsold the number-one album on the "Billboard 200". Three of Michael Jackson's albums ("Number Ones", "The Essential Michael Jackson" and "Thriller") claimed positions 1-3 respectively on "Top Pop Catalog Albums" and "Top Comprehensive Albums" in the week following Jackson's death.
After the continued success of the catalog albums, Billboard Comprehensive Albums chart deceased in November 2009, when the Billboard 200 readmitted the catalog albums. Instead, Billboard founded the Top Current Albums chart that has the old rules of the Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="2898584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898584" title="Arruazu">
Arruazu

Arruazu is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898588" title="Aveia">
Aveia

Aveia was an ancient town of the Vestini, on the Via Claudia Nova, c. 10 km south-east of L'Aquila, N.E. of the modern village of Fossa, in central Italy. 
Some remains of ancient buildings still exist, and the name Aveia still clings to the place. The identification was first made by V. M. Giovenazzi in "Della Città di Aveia ne' Vestini" (1773). Paintings in the church of S. Maria ad Cryptas, of the 12th to 15th centuries, are important in the history of art. An inscription of a stationarius of the 3rd century, sent here on special duty (no doubt for the suppression of brigandage), was found here in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="2898602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898602" title="Avizandum">
Avizandum

Avizandum (from Late Lat. "avizare", "to consider"), a Scots law term; the judge "makes avizandum with a cause," i.e. takes time to consider his judgment. Compare to curia advisari vult, the term used in the English tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="2898603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898603" title="Arróniz">
Arróniz

Arróniz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898609" title="Cuban espresso">
Cuban espresso

Café Cubano (Cuban coffee, Cuban espresso, cafecito, Cuban pull, Cuban shot) is a type of espresso which originated in Cuba after espresso machines were first imported there from Italy. Specifically, it refers to an espresso shot which is sweetened with demerara sugar as it is being brewed, but the name covers other drinks that use Cuban espresso as their base.
Drinking café cubano remains a prominent social and cultural activity within Cuba, Miami, Tampa, the Florida Keys, Havana on the Hudson, as well as the Cuban American community. Café Cubano is available in almost all coffee shops in Miami and Tampa making it a staple of local cuisine and tradition.
Preparation.
Traditional, Cuban-style espresso is made using the darker roasts, typically either Italian or Spanish Roasts. It is identical to Italian pulls, except for the addition of sugar directly to the espresso pitcher. The heat from the coffee-making process will hydrolyze some of the sucrose, thereby creating a sweeter and slightly more viscous result than a normal pull or adding sugar at the table.
Cafe Cubano is regarded as a mid-afternoon standard. It is traditionally taken without milk, which is customarily preferred for either breakfast or late night fare. In the Cuban and South Florida heat, cafe is usually served alongside a small glass of water. Cigars are another favored accompaniment.
'"Alternative or Household Methods:
A common household method used in order to simulate the crema on a stove-top moka pot is to initially add just the first few drops of espresso to the sugar and mix vigorously. This results in a creamy, light brown paste. The remaining espresso is then added to this paste and mixed, creating a light brown foam layer, or "espumita", atop the coffee.
However, a proper cafe Cubano is made on pressurized espresso machines. Italian Moka pots, "macchinetta" provide a domestic alternative, but are considered inferior pulls, thus they are reserved for personal or household settings.
Variations.
Cortadito, which in Spanish literally means "small cut", is an espresso topped with steamed milk. It can be between 50/50 to 75/25 espresso and milk. It is similar to a cortado served in other countries, but pre-sweetened.
Café con leche, or "coffee with milk", is an espresso (without sugar) served alongside a cup of hot or steamed milk. Traditionally served separate from the coffee, the espresso is poured to the desired darkness into the cup of hot milk and then stirred. It is the traditional Cuban breakfast beverage, served with slices of buttered, toasted cuban bread.
Colada, is 4-6 shots of Cuban style espresso served in a Styrofoam cup along with small, plastic demitasses. It is a takeaway form, meant to be shared. This is customary of workplace breaks in Cuban communities.

</doc>
<doc id="2898610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898610" title="Tenth Army (Italy)">
Tenth Army (Italy)

The Italian Tenth Army was one of two Italian armies in Italian North Africa during World War II. The Tenth Army in Cyrenaica (eastern Libya) faced the British in the British protectorate, Kingdom of Egypt. The other army, the Italian Fifth Army, was based in Tripolitania (western Libya) and faced French Tunisia.
World War II.
When Italy declared war on 10 June 1940, the Tenth Army consisted of five divisions and the Fifth Army consisted of nine. At the end of June, after the Fall of France, several divisions were transferred from the Fifth Army to strengthen the Tenth Army. Soon the Tenth Army had a total of ten divisions.
Italian invasion of Egypt.
On 13 September 1940, about four divisions were used when elements of the Tenth Army advanced into Egypt. Four infantry divisions and the "Maletti Group" marched one hundred kilometers in four days. The Italians stopped when they got to Sidi Barrani. The Maletti Group included most of the M11/39 medium tanks available in North Africa and numerous L3 tankettes. Defensive positions were prepared by the Italians in the form of several fortified camps.
British counter-attack.
In December 1940 during Operation Compass, the British counter-attacked in what initially was to be a five-day raid against the Italian camps in Egypt. Ultimately, the Italian camps were completely overrun and the rest of the Tenth Army was constantly pushed further and further back into Italian Libya. Many Italian soldiers were forced to surrender once the British troops encircled them in static fortified garrisons at places like Bardia and Tobruk.
Destruction at Beda Fomm.
At the battle of Beda Fomm (6–7 February 1941), most of the remainder of the retreating Tenth Army was isolated by a small advance guard of Richard O'Connor's 7th Armoured Division called Combe Force.
O'Connor had this "ad hoc" force under the command of John Combe leave the coastal roads at Gazala and take an unreconnoitred shortcut across the desert to block the Italian army's retreat, while the Australian 6th Division continued the coastal pursuit. The 7th Armoured force was delayed by the harsh terrain, so a lighter, faster element was detached to complete the interception, leaving the tracked vehicles to follow. The first elements arrived at Msus late on the afternoon of 4 February and cleared the local garrison. During the following night and day, the advance continued and the British artillery and infantry were in position across the coast road by 4 pm on 5 February. The head of the retreating Italian column arrived 30 minutes later.
The Italians were stunned to find the British force blocking them at Beda Fomm, whose strength they greatly overestimated. With the Australians in pursuit, a desperate battle ensued, in which newly arrived M13/40 medium tank battalions were thrown against the British positions, at great loss. In the afternoon of 6 February, the 7th Armoured Division's tanks had arrived and were now harassing the Italian eastern flank.
On the morning of 7 February, the Italians attempted a final, desperate attempt to break through. By this stage, the British units were almost out of food, petrol and ammunition. The British blocking line was almost breached, but they held and, convinced of the overwhelming size and strength of the blocking force, the encircled Italian units surrendered. The Tenth Army was destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="2898618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898618" title="Jerome Edward Listecki">
Jerome Edward Listecki

Jerome Edward Listecki (born March 12, 1949) is an American archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Chicago (2001–2004) before serving as Bishop of La Crosse (2004–2009). He was named Archbishop of Milwaukee by Pope Benedict XVI on November 14, 2009. He was installed on January 4, 2010 by the Apostolic Nuncio to the United States of America, Archbishop Pietro Sambi. As Archbishop of Milwaukee, the metropolitan see of the Ecclesiastical Province of Milwaukee (the entire state of Wisconsin), he received the pallium on June 29, 2010 from Pope Benedict XVI.
Biography.
Jerome Listecki was born in Chicago and raised on the Southeast Side. His father (d. 1986) owned a tavern before working as a bus driver for the Chicago Transit Authority. Jerome received his early education at the parochial school of St. Michael the Archangel Church before attending Quigley Preparatory Seminary South, from where he graduated in 1967. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Saint Joseph College Seminary in 1971, and completed his theological studies at St. Mary of the Lake Seminary (in Mundelein, Illinois). During his summers as a seminarian, he worked in a blast furnace centering plant in the US Steel mills near Chicago. He was ordained to the priesthood by Cardinal John Cody on May 14, 1975.
After studies in canon law and moral theology in Rome, Listecki earned a licentiate and doctorate in canon law from the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas (Angelicum) in 1981 with a dissertation entitled "Indissolubility and the United Methodist Church". He previously earned a Juris Doctor degree from DePaul University, making him the holder of degrees "utriusque juris" as Doctor of Canon and Civil Law. During his service to the Archdiocese of Chicago, he taught at both Quigley Preparatory Seminary North (later Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary) and St. Mary of the Lake Seminary, served in a number of Chicago parishes and as pastor of St. Ignatius Church, worked within the Archdiocesan Chancery as an Appellate Judge for the Matrimonial Tribunal and separately as in-house legal counsel for the Archdiocese of Chicago from 1985–87, and served as the chaplain to the Catholic Physicians' Guild of Chicago.
His media experience included co-hosting the Chicago radio station WIND program "Catholic Conversation" from 1978–79, his regular participation as celebrant for the WGN TV "Mass for Shut-ins", as well as service as a producer for several other television programs. On November 7, 2000, he was appointed auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of Chicago by Pope John Paul II; he was consecrated on January 8, 2001.
On December 29, 2004, Listecki was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of La Crosse, succeeding Bishop Raymond Leo Burke, who became archbishop of the Archdiocese of St. Louis, Missouri in St. Louis, Missouri. On March 1, 2005, he was installed as Bishop of the Diocese of La Crosse.
At La Crosse he initiated a $50 million fundraising campaign, a planning process to restructure ministry and parishes in the diocese, and was instrumental in the development of the Shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe, a project initiated by his predecessor, Bishop Burke. On January 3, 2010, Listecki was installed as Archbishop of Milwaukee and on January 12, 2010 he testified before the Wisconsin State Senate opposing a bill to remove time limits on sex abuse cases, claiming the bill was designed to bankrupt the church.
Listecki served as an Army Reserve Chaplain in the United States Army Reserves for 20 years, retiring as a Lieutenant Colonel.
Criticism.
The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests (SNAP) criticized Archbishop Listecki on January 6, 2010, for allowing retired archbishops Rembert Weakland of Milwaukee and Daniel Edward Pilarczyk of Cincinnati, who were implicated in cases of sexual abuse which were covered up, to say Mass at St. John's Cathedral in Milwaukee. On January 12, 2010 during a hearing of the Wisconsin State Senate on a bill to extend the statute of limitations for reporting abuse as supported by Milwaukee District Attorney John Chisholm, State Senator Glenn Grothman joined in this criticism, and also questioned Listecki why he allowed Weakland, who had been accused of moving around abusive priests, to keep his title as Emeritus Archbishop of Milwaukee, and for retaining the name Weakland Center on the pastoral center at St. John's Cathedral. Listecki testified against the bill, saying it would single out Catholic institutions and bankrupt the Milwaukee Archdiocese.
Listecki was publicly criticized in February 2010 by Jerry Matysik, the Eau Claire Police Chief and SNAP for allegedly misleading the Wisconsin State Legislature about the LaCrosse diocese abuse notification procedure in Listecki's testimony against extending the statute of limitations, stating,"Archbishop Listecki appears more interested in protecting the organization than he is in protecting children," and again in August 2010 by SNAP for passing up action on an abuse claim due to lack of evidence.
The Archbishop apologized to victims of clergy sexual abuse in a statement made on March 30, 2010, in which he declared that both the individual perpetrators, as well as the bishops who failed to stop the abuse, "go against everything the Church and the priesthood represent." He credited the bravery of "victim-survivors" who persisted in bringing their cases to light and forcing the Church to change. "We owe these victims/survivors our deep gratitude and we acknowledge our own actions have not always expressed that gratitude adequately." He defended Pope Benedict XVI's role in the matter, saying, 
""istakes were made in the Lawrence Murphy case. The mistakes were not made in Rome in 1996, 1997 and 1998. The mistakes were made here, in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee, in the 1970s, the 1980s and the 1990s, by the Church, by civil authorities, by Church officials, and by bishops. And for that, I beg your forgiveness in the name of the Church and in the name of this Archdiocese of Milwaukee"". 
Three years later, the "New York Times" commented, 

</doc>
<doc id="2898623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898623" title="Charles A. Busiel">
Charles A. Busiel

Charles Albert Busiel (November 24, 1842 – August 29, 1901) was an American manufacturer, politician, and the Forty-fifth Governor of New Hampshire. 
Early life.
Born at Meredith Village, New Hampshire, Busiel was educated at the public schools and Gilford Academy. He worked in the family hosiery mill training in all departments of the mill to learn the business. 
Career.
In 1863, he purchased the Pitman Manufactory which he ran for a few years then sold. He and two brothers continued in hosiery, and he also invested in railroads, then expanded into the banking and publishing industries.
Elected as a Democrat in 1878, Busiel was a representative in the New Hampshire House of Representatives. He became a Republican over the issue of tariffs and served several years as mayor of Laconia. 
In 1894, Busiel was elected Governor of New Hampshire and served from January 3, 1895 - January 7, 1897. During his tenure, financial programs were initiated to boost the state's economy, electric trolley and railroad services were promoted. He was President of the Laconia National Bank and the City Savings Bank. He was President of Lake Shore Railroad and Director of the Concord & Montreal Railroad. He was a delegate to Democratic National Convention from New Hampshire, 1880, and mayor of Laconia, New Hampshire, 1893-1895.
Death.
Busiel died August 29, 1901(age 58 years, 278 days), of coronary heart disease in Laconia. His death was less than two weeks after the death by drowning of his grandson and namesake, Charles Busiel Smith. He is interred in a mausoleum at the Union Cemetery in Laconia, New Hampshire.
Family life.
The son of John W. and Julia (Tilton) Busiel,Busiel married, on November 21, 1864, Eunice Elizabeth Preston, daughter of Worcester and Nancy (Evans) Preston, a native of Concord, New Hampshire. They had one child, Frances Evelyn Busiel, who later married Wilson Longstreth Smith of Germantown, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="2898624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898624" title="Artajona">
Artajona

Artajona is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898625" title="Tomita–Takesaki theory">
Tomita–Takesaki theory

In the theory of von Neumann algebras, a part of the mathematical field of functional analysis, Tomita–Takesaki theory is a method for constructing modular automorphisms of von Neumann algebras from the polar decomposition of a certain involution. It is essential for the theory of type III factors, and has led to a good structure theory for these previously intractable objects.
The theory was introduced by , but his work was hard to follow and mostly unpublished, and little notice was taken of it until wrote an account of Tomita's theory.
Modular automorphisms of a state.
Suppose that "M" is a von Neumann algebra acting on a Hilbert space "H", and Ω is a separating and cyclic vector of "H" of norm 1. (Cyclic means that "MΩ" is dense in "H", and separating means that the map from "M" to "MΩ" is injective.) We write φ for the state formula_1 of "M", so that "H" is constructed from φ using the GNS construction.
We can define an unbounded antilinear operator "S"0 on "H" with domain "MΩ" by setting
formula_2
for all "m" in "M", and similarly we can define an unbounded antilinear operator "F"0 on "H" with domain "M'Ω" by setting
formula_3
for "m" in "M"′, where "M"′ is the commutant of "M".
These operators are closable, and we denote their closures by "S" and "F" = "S"*. They have polar decompositions
formula_4
formula_5
where formula_6 is an antilinear isometry called the modular conjugation and formula_7 is a positive self adjoint operator called the modular operator.
The main result of Tomita–Takesaki theory states that:
formula_8
for all "t" and that
formula_9
the commutant of "M".
The Connes cocycle.
The modular automorphism group of a von Neumann algebra "M" depends on the choice of state φ. Connes discovered that changing the state does not change the image of the modular automorphism in the outer automorphism group of "M". More precisely, given two faithful states φ and ψ of "M", we can find unitary elements "ut" of "M" for all real "t" such that
formula_11 
so that the modular automorphisms differ by inner automorphisms, and moreover "ut" satisfies the 1-cocycle condition
formula_12
In particular, there is a canonical homomorphism from the additive group of reals to the outer automorphism group of "M", that is independent of the choice of faithful state.
KMS states.
The term "KMS state" comes from the Kubo–Martin–Schwinger condition in quantum statistical mechanics.
A KMS state φ on a von Neumann algebra "M" with a given 1-parameter group of automorphisms α"t" is a state fixed by the automorphisms such that for every pair of elements "A", "B" of "M" there is a bounded continuous function "F" in the strip 0≤Im("t")≤1, holomorphic in the interior, such that
formula_13,
Takesaki and Winnink showed that a (faithful semi finite normal) state φ is a KMS state for the 1-parameter group of modular automorphisms σφ−"t". Moreover this characterizes the modular automorphisms of φ.
Structure of type III factors.
We have seen above that there is a canonical homomorphism δ from the group of reals to the outer automorphism group of a von Neumann algebra, given by modular automorphisms. The kernel of δ is an important invariant of the algebra. For simplicity assume that the von Neumann algebra is a factor. Then the possibilities for the kernel of δ are:
Hilbert algebras.
The main results of Tomita–Takesaki theory were proved using left and right Hilbert algebras.
A left Hilbert algebra is an algebra with involution "x"→"x"♯ and an inner product (,) such that
A right Hilbert algebra is defined similarly (with an involution ♭) with left and right reversed in the conditions above.
A Hilbert algebra is a left Hilbert algebra such that in addition ♯ is an isometry, in other words ("x","y") = ("y"♯, "x"♯).
Examples:
If "M" is a von Neumann algebra acting on a Hilbert space "H" with a cyclic separating vector "v", then put "A" = "Mv" and define
("xv")("yv") = "xyv" and ("xv")♯ = "x"*"v". Tomita's key discovery was that this makes "A" into a left Hilbert algebra, so in particular the closure of the operator ♯ has a polar decomposition as above. The vector "v" is the identity of "A", so "A" is a unital left Hilbert algebra.
If "G" is a locally compact group, then the vector space of all continuous complex functions on "G" with compact support is a right Hilbert algebra if multiplication is given by convolution, and "x"♭("g") = "x"("g"−1)*.

</doc>
<doc id="2898630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898630" title="Artazu">
Artazu

Artazu is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898641" title="Atez">
Atez

Atez is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898648" title="Acetaldehyde ammonia trimer">
Acetaldehyde ammonia trimer

Acetaldehyde ammonia trimer is a chemical compound described by the formula (CH3CHNH)3. The pure material is colourless but samples often appear light yellow or slightly beige due to the degradation by oxidation. It is hygroscopic, and can be found in a trihydrate form.
As implied by its name, it is a trimeric species formed from the reaction of acetaldehyde and ammonia:
Studies using NMR spectroscopy indicate that the three methyl groups are equatorial, thus the molecule has C3v point group symmetry.
The compound is related to hexamethylenetetramine, which is the condensation product of the condensation of ammonia and formaldehyde.

</doc>
<doc id="2898651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898651" title="Burguete-Auritz">
Burguete-Auritz

Burguete ("Burguete" in Castilian, "Auritz" in Basque) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. 
Ernest Hemingway lodged in Burguete in 1924 and 1925 for a fishing trip to the Irati River, and describes it in his novel "The Sun Also Rises".

</doc>
<doc id="2898654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898654" title="Benito Arias Montano">
Benito Arias Montano

Benito Arias Montano (or Benedictus Arias Montanus; 1527–1598) was a Spanish orientalist and editor of the "Antwerp Polyglot". He was born at Fregenal de la Sierra, in Extremadura and died at Seville. He is the subject of an "Elogio histórico" by Tomás Gonzalez Caral in the "Memorias de la Real Academia de la Historia" (Madrid), vol. vii.
Biography.
After studying at the universities of Seville and Alcalá, he took orders about the year 1559. He became a clerical member of the Military Order of St. James, and accompanied the Bishop of Segovia to the Council of Trent (1562) where he won great distinction.
On his return he retired to a hermitage at Aracena whence he was summoned by Philip II (1568) to supervise a new polyglot edition of the Bible, with the collaboration of many learned men. The work was issued from the Plantin press (1572, 8 volumes) under the title "Biblia sacra hebraice chaldaice, graece et latine, Philippi II regis catholici pietate et studio ad sacrosanctae Ecclesiae usum", several volumes being devoted to a scholarly "apparatus biblicus". Arias was responsible for a large part of the actual matter, besides the general superintendence, and in obedience to the command of the king took the work to Rome for the approbation of Pope Gregory XIII.
León de Castro, professor of Oriental languages at Salamanca, to whose translation of the Vulgate Arias had opposed the original Hebrew text, denounced Arias to the Roman, and later to the Spanish Inquisition for having altered the Biblical text, making too liberal use of the rabbinical writings, in disregard of the decree of the Council of Trent concerning the authenticity of the Vulgate, and confirming the Jews in their beliefs by his Chaldaic paraphrases. After several journeys to Rome Arias was freed of the charges (1580) and returned to his hermitage, refusing the episcopal honours offered him by the king. He accepted, however, the post of a royal chaplain, but was only induced to leave his retirement for the purpose of superintending the Escorial library and of teaching Oriental languages.
He led the life of an ascetic, dividing his time between prayer and study. In addition to the works written in connection with the polyglot, the most celebrated of which is "Antiquitatum judaicarum libri IX" (Leyden, 1593), Arias left many commentaries on various books of the Bible; also: "Humanae salutis monumenta" (Antwerp, 1571); a Latin translation of the "Itinerary" of Benjamin of Tudela, and other works on widely varying subjects. He was also celebrated as a poet, his verses being chiefly of a religious nature.

</doc>
<doc id="2898655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898655" title="Dunfermline West (UK Parliament constituency)">
Dunfermline West (UK Parliament constituency)

Dunfermline West was a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1983 until 2005. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) using the first-past-the-post voting system.
Before 1983 the area was covered by the Dunfermline constituency and from 2005 the seat was replaced by the new Dunfermline and West Fife.
Boundaries.
The seat of Dunfermline West contained all of the town of Dunfermline as well as territory on the north bank of the Firth of Forth. It took in the affluent villages of Limekilns, Crossford and Cairneyhill; it also included coalfield communities such as High Valleyfield, Saline, Blairhill and Oakley.

</doc>
<doc id="2898657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898657" title="Ayegui">
Ayegui

Ayegui is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898659" title="Clavigo">
Clavigo

Clavigo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898673" title="Azagra">
Azagra

Azagra is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898674" title="Isaac Benson Lucas">
Isaac Benson Lucas

Isaac Benson Lucas (September 19, 1867 – 1940) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He served as a Conservative Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for Grey Centre from 1898 to 1919.
Lucas was born in Warwick Township, Lambton County, the son of George Lucas, who had come to Canada from Ireland. He was educated in Strathroy and at the University of Toronto. He graduated from Osgoode Hall in 1899 and entered practice in Owen Sound, later moving to Markdale. He married Elizabeth E. Richardson, the daughter of Matthew Kendal Richardson. In 1908, he was named King's Counsel. He served one of the shortest terms as provincial treasurer, serving from 1913 to 1914. Lucas was Attorney General from 1914 to 1919. During his time in office, Lucas was responsible for steering the Workmen's Compensation Act through the provincial legislature. He also served as government representative on the Hydro-Electric Commission and helped promote the development of a park in the area surrounding the Horseshoe Falls at Niagara.

</doc>
<doc id="2898679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898679" title="Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration">
Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration

The Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration is a Roman Catholic religious congregation for women whose motherhouse, St. Rose of Viterbo Convent, is in La Crosse, Wisconsin, in the Diocese of La Crosse. The Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration founded Viterbo University and staffed Aquinas High School in La Crosse. The congregation was founded in 1849.
The Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration have their retirement home in St. Joseph's Ridge, Wisconsin.
The Franciscan Sisters of the Eucharist were formed as a separate congregation on December 2, 1973, as a result of a period of renewal leading to a divergence of vision within the Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration.
The Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration and the Franciscan Sisters of the Eucharist shared the original founders with the Sisters of St. Francis of Assisi of St. Francis, Wisconsin.
One of their best-known members was Sister Thea Bowman, F.S.P.A., who, after a long career as a teacher, became a noted evangelist in the African-American community from which she came. The Sisters are a sponsoring member of 8th Day Center for Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="2898683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898683" title="Timotheus of Miletus">
Timotheus of Miletus

Timotheus of Miletus (; c. 446 – 357 BC) was a Greek musician and dithyrambic poet, an exponent of the "new music." He added one or more strings to the lyre, whereby he incurred the displeasure of the Spartans and Athenians (E. Curtius, "Hist of Greece", bk. v. ch. 2). He composed musical works of a mythological and historical character.
He spent some years in the court of Archelaus I of Macedon
Fragments of Timotheus' poetry survive, published in T. Bergk, "Poetae lyrici graeci". A papyrus-fragment of his "Persians" (possibly the oldest Greek papyrus in existence), discovered at Abusir has been edited by U. von Wilamowitz-Mollendorff (1903), with discussion of the nome, metre, the number of strings of the lyre, date of the poet and fragment.
In literature.
In post-Classical literature Timotheus of Miletus is sometimes confused with another famous musician, the aulete Timotheus in the court of Alexander the Great.
Rabelais speaks of the musician in Chapter 23 of "Gargantua" "Ponocrates also made him forget everything he learned with his former preceptors, as Timotheus did with those of his disciples who were trained by other musicians." Rabelais implies that Timoethus believed other musicians to have merely inculcated bad habits.

</doc>
<doc id="2898685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898685" title="Clavigo (film)">
Clavigo (film)

Clavigo is a 1970s television movie directed by Marcel Ophüls, based on the play "Clavigo" by Goethe. The movie is the film version of a play staged and directed by Fritz Kortner. This play premiered 1969 im Deutschen Schauspielhaus, Hamburg, Germany. It was first acclaimed at the Berliner Theatertreffen 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="2898689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898689" title="Syd Dernley">
Syd Dernley

Syd Dernley (29 December 1920 – 1 November 1994) was dubbed, as also has been Albert Pierrepoint, "the last British hangman", although in fact he was not (this title belongs jointly to Harry Allen and Robert Leslie Stewart). More accurately, he was the last "surviving" hangman, following the deaths of both Pierrepoint and Allen in 1992. He was a welder by trade, but was appointed assistant executioner by the Home Office in 1949, and participated in 20 hangings until he was replaced in 1954. Execution by hanging continued in Britain until 1964.
In 1950 he assisted Albert Pierrepoint in the hanging of Timothy Evans for the murder of his family, although Evans was pardoned posthumously in 1966 when it was discovered John Reginald Halliday Christie was probably the killer, as Christie's murders all carried a similar modus operandi to the deaths of Evans's family.
On 8 May 1951, Pierrepoint and Dernley escorted convicted murderer James Inglis to the gallows immediately adjacent, and hanged him without delay — the fastest hanging on record, taking only seven seconds from the time he was removed from his cell until his fatal 'long drop'.
On 27 April 1954, Dernley was removed from the Home Office Official List of Assistant Executioners. Dernley claimed that no reason was given for his removal but he suspected it was because of a crude comment he had made about the size of the penis of a hanged man, John Kenneth Livesey, after he had been executed at Wandsworth prison in London on December 17 1952. Pierrepoint had alluded to such an incident (without mentioning Dernley by name) in his own autobiography. However, the real reason for Dernley's removal from the list was undoubtedly because in 1954 he had been convicted at the Nottinghamshire Quarter Sessions of publishing obscene material. The court sentenced Dernley to six months imprisonment plus a fine of £50, with costs of £25 awarded against him. Dernley's criminal conviction and subsequent imprisonment constituted firm grounds on which to dismiss him.

</doc>
<doc id="2898690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898690" title="Treaty of Rarotonga">
Treaty of Rarotonga

The Treaty of Rarotonga is the common name for the South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone Treaty, which formalizes a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the South Pacific. The treaty bans the use, testing, and possession of nuclear weapons within the borders of the zone.
It was signed by the South Pacific nations of Australia, the Cook Islands, Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru, New Zealand, Niue, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and Western Samoa on the island of Rarotonga (where the capital of the Cook Islands is located) on August 6, 1985, came into force with the 8th ratification, and has since been ratified by all of those states.
The Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, and Palau are not party to the treaties but are eligible to become parties should they decide to join the treaty in the future. 
Protocols binding other states.
There are three protocols to the treaty, which have been signed by the five declared nuclear states, with the exception of Protocol 1 for China and Russia who have no territory in the Zone.
In 1996 France and the United Kingdom signed and ratified the three protocols. The USA signed them the same year but never ratified them. China signed and ratified protocols 2 and 3 in 1987. Russia has also ratified protocols 2 and 3 with reservations.
Scope of applicability.
The treaty's different provisions apply variously to the Zone, to the territories within the Zone, or globally.
"South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone" means the area :
plus three projections north of the Equator to include the territory and territorial waters of Papua New Guinea, Nauru, and Kiribati,
but minus the northwest corner beyond Australian territorial waters and near Indonesia (and the Southeast Asian Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone).
Several islands in the Indian Ocean also belong to Australia and are therefore part of the zone.
"Territory" means internal waters, territorial sea and archipelagic waters, the seabed and subsoil beneath, the land territory and the airspace above them.
It does not include international waters.
Article 2 says "Nothing in this Treaty shall prejudice or in any way affect the rights, or the exercise of the rights, of any State under international law with regard to freedom of the seas."
The Treaty is an agreement between nation-states and as such of course cannot apply to those who have not signed the treaty or protocols, for example the four countries not signatories to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, who are all nuclear powers.

</doc>
<doc id="2898691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898691" title="Azuelo">
Azuelo

Azuelo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
This town is close to the Codés mountain range, part of which falls within its municipal term.

</doc>
<doc id="2898694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898694" title="William Wharton (author)">
William Wharton (author)

William Wharton (7 November 1925 – 29 October 2008), the pen name of the author Albert William Du Aime (pronounced as doo-EM), was an American-born author best known for his first novel "Birdy", which was also successful as a film.
Biography.
Wharton was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. From "a poor, hard-working, Catholic family", he graduated from Upper Darby High School in 1943, and was inducted into the school's Wall of Fame in 1997. During World War II, Wharton served in the United States Army and was first assigned to an engineering unit. He was transferred to the infantry, and was severely wounded in the Battle of the Bulge. His memoirs included an account of his role in the killing of German prisoners during the war - "War for me, though brief, had been a soul-shaking trauma. I was scared, miserable, and I lost confidence in human beings, especially myself." After his discharge, he attended the University of California, Los Angeles, where he received an undergraduate degree in art and a doctorate in psychology, later teaching art in the Los Angeles Unified School District.
His first novel "Birdy" was published in 1978 when he was more than 50 years old. "Birdy" was a critical and popular success and it won the U.S. National Book Award in category First Novel.• First novels or first works of fiction were recognized from 1980 to 1985.</ref>
Alan Parker directed a film version starring Nicolas Cage and Matthew Modine. After the publication of "Birdy" and through the early 1990s, Wharton published eight novels, including "Dad" and "A Midnight Clear", both of which were also made into films, the former starring Jack Lemmon. 
Many of the protagonists of Wharton's novels, despite having different names and backgrounds, have similar experiences, attitudes, and traits that lead one to presume that they are partly autobiographical. There is little certifiable biography available about Wharton / Du Aime. Based on the novels, one can surmise that he served in France and Germany in World War II in the 87th Infantry Division, was a painter, spent part of his adult life living on a houseboat as an artist in France, raised four children, was a reasonably skilled carpenter and handyman, and suffered from profound gastrointestinal problems.
In 1988, Wharton's daughter, Kate, his son-in-law Bill, and their two children, two-year-old Dayiel and eight-month-old Mia, were killed in a 23-car motor vehicle accident near Albany, Oregon, that was caused by smoke generated by grass-burning on nearby farmland. Wharton wrote a (mostly) non-fiction book, "Ever After: A Father's True Story" (1995), which recounts the incidents leading to the accident, his family's subsequent grief, and the three years which he devoted to pursuing redress in the Oregon court system for the field-burning that caused the accident. "Houseboat on the Seine", a memoir, was published in 1996, about Wharton's purchase and renovation of a houseboat.
It is worth noting that he gained an enormous and unusual popularity in Poland, where many extra editions as well as visits followed and eventually some works were prepared and published only in Polish (see the Bibliography).
Wharton died on 29 October 2008 of an infection that he contracted while hospitalized for blood-pressure problems.
Novels.
The following titles were only published in Polish - includes English translation of title
"Beyond the Closet" was also published in Bulgarian with the title "Отвъд килера" (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="2898697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898697" title="Tau Aurigae">
Tau Aurigae

Tau Aurigae (τ Aur, τ Aurigae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the constellation Auriga. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.505, and is approximately distant from Earth. This is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of G8 III. It has expanded to 11 times the radius of the Sun and shines with 63 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is radiated into outer space from the outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 4,887. This heat gives it the yellow-hued glow of a G-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2898701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898701" title="Vale of Avoca">
Vale of Avoca

The Vale of Avoca is the name of a deep ravine and of a large viaduct which carries St. Clair Avenue East over the ravine, both within the city of Toronto. When built in the early 1920s, the triple arch bridge served to connect the well-established community of Deer Park with the developing community of Moore Park; it replaced an older structure and straightened the alignment of St. Clair Avenue in the process. The bridge and ravine are named after a poem by Thomas Moore. It was built in two years at a cost of C$716,653.58 ($8.9m, adjusted for inflation in 2010). A small channelized tributary of the Don River, known as Yellow Creek, weaves beneath the central span.
History.
Prior to the Vale of Avoca, the ravine was crossed by an iron bridge. The bridge was built in 1888 by John Thomas Moore in the hopes of encouraging investment in his new subdivision, Moore Park. Under the condition that he build the bridge, the Township of York purchased a strip of land across the valley and leased it to Moore, who was in return given the St. Clair Avenue right-of-way between Avoca Avenue and Inglewood Drive. Moore Park subsequently developed.
On December 16, 1912, Moore Park was annexed into Toronto at the drive of landowners eager to obtain municipal services. Due to growing safety concerns regarding the old iron bridge, city council authorized construction of a new bridge in 1922. Unlike the old bridge, this one would follow the straight alignment of St. Clair Avenue East (renamed in 1914). Two houses were expropriated and demolished, and the new structure built over two years at the cost of $716,653.58 ($8,914,622.90, adjusted for inflation) It opened to traffic in November or December, 1924.
The old bridge remained open and operational throughout, with traffic detouring around construction on the eastern side. After completion of the new structure, the old one was promptly dismantled, and the material used to forge the fence that lines Avoca Avenue. The natural stream at the bottom was subsequently channelized to slow erosion.
The former structure crossed the valley on an angle, beginning at St. Clair in the east and crossing to Pleasant Boulevard; it followed an electric line already in place. The eastern abutment and several concrete footings are still in place near the rim of the ravine as reminders of the old bridge.
In 1973, Toronto officially named the bridge structure and the ravine as "The Vale of Avoca", after either the poem by Thomas Moore (after whom John Thomas Moore is named), or the river valley in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2898710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898710" title="Hot-filament ionization gauge">
Hot-filament ionization gauge

The hot-filament ionization gauge, sometimes called a hot-filament gauge or hot-cathode gauge, is the most widely used low-pressure (vacuum) measuring device for the region from 10−3 to 10−10 torr. It is a triode, whereas the filament is the cathode.
"Note: Principles are mostly the same for hot-cathode ion sources in particle accelerators to create electrons" 
Function.
A regulated electron current (typically 10 mA) is emitted from a heated filament. The electrons are attracted to the helical grid by a DC potential of about +150 volts. Most of the electrons pass through the grid, and collide with gas molecules in the enclosed volume, causing a fraction of them to be ionized. The gas ions formed by the electron collisions are attracted to the central ion collector wire by the negative voltage on the collector (typically a minus 30 volts). Ion currents are on the order of 1 mA/Pa. This current is amplified and displayed by a high-gain-differential amplifier/electrometer.
This ion current will differ for different gases at the same pressure; that is, a hot filament ionization gauge is composition-dependent. Over a wide range of molecular density, however, the ion current from a gas of constant composition will be directly proportional to the molecular density of the gas in the gauge.
Construction.
A hot-cathode ionization gauge is composed mainly of three electrodes all acting as a triode, wherein the cathode is the filament. The three electrodes are a collector or plate, a filament, and a grid. The collector current is measured in picoamps by an electrometer. The filament voltage to ground is usually at a potential of 30 volts, while the grid voltage at 180–210 volts DC, unless there is an optional electron bombardment feature, by heating the grid, which may have a high potential of approximately 565 volts.
The most common ion gauge is the hot-cathode Bayard-Alpert gauge, with a small collector inside the grid. A glass envelope with an opening to the vacuum can surround the electrodes, but usually the Nude Gauge is inserted in the vacuum chamber directly, the pins being fed through a ceramic plate in the wall of the chamber. Hot cathode gauges can be damaged or lose their calibration if they are exposed to atmospheric pressure or even low vacuum while hot.
Electrons emitted from the filament move several times in back and forth movements around the grid before finally entering the grid. During these movements, some electrons collide with a gaseous molecule to form a pair of an ion and an electron (Electron ionization). The number of these ions is proportional to the gaseous molecule density multiplied by the electron current emitted from the filament, and these ions pour into the collector to form an ion current. Since the gaseous molecule density is proportional to the pressure, the pressure is estimated by measuring the ion current.
The low-pressure sensitivity of hot-cathode gauges is limited by the photoelectric effect. Electrons hitting the grid produce X-rays that produce photoelectric noise in the ion collector. This limits the range of older hot-cathode gauges to 10−8 Torr and the Bayard-Alpert to about 10−10 Torr. Additional wires at cathode potential in the line of sight between the ion collector and the grid prevent this effect. In the extraction type the ions are not attracted by a wire but by an open cone. As the ions cannot decide which part of the cone to hit, they pass through the hole and form an ion beam. This ion beam can be passed on to a

</doc>
<doc id="2898711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898711" title="Añorbe">
Añorbe

Añorbe is a town and municipality located in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898714" title="Edward Arunah Dunlop">
Edward Arunah Dunlop

Edward Arunah Dunlop (October 26, 1876 – January 1, 1934) was a Canadian industrialist and politician. He served as a Conservative Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for Renfrew North from 1903 to 1934, and later as provincial treasurer from 1930 to 1933.
Dunlop was born in Pembroke, Ontario, the son of Arunah Dunlop and Mary Ellen Deacon. Dunlop worked as a clerk in his father's hardware business for five years, becoming owner in 1897. He served on the town council for Pembroke. In 1908, he married Mabel Ferguson. Dunlop was president of the Pembroke Lumber Company and the Pembroke Electric Light Company. He also was a director of the Eddy Match Company. Dunlop served as a Minister Without Portfolio from 1929 to 1930 and was a member of various committees, including the Standing Committee of Public Accounts. He died in 1934.
His son, also named Edward Arunah Dunlop, also served in the Ontario assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="2898720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898720" title="Bakaiku">
Bakaiku

Bakaiku is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. It has 359 inhabitants and is an average 515 m above mean sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="2898723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898723" title="Clavigo (play)">
Clavigo (play)

Clavigo is a five-act tragedy written by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe in 1774. The lead role is taken by Pierre Beaumarchais. The play was written in just eight days in May 1774. It was published by July 1774 and is the first printed work to which Goethe put his own name, although the play was received with disfavour.
The first performance of the play was by the "Ackermannschen Gesellschaft" in Hamburg on 23 August 1774.
It is based on the offer of marriage that the Canarian writer José Clavijo y Fajardo made to the sister of Beaumarchais.
During the 1970s, "Clavigo" was adapted as a Tv movie.

</doc>
<doc id="2898729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898729" title="Montel Vontavious Porter">
Montel Vontavious Porter

Hassan Hamin Assad (born Alvin Burke, Jr.; October 28, 1973), better known by his ring name MVP, is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and is also known for his tenures with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and New Japan Pro Wrestling.
Assad was trained by former professional wrestlers Soulman Alex G and Norman Smiley. Following the completion of his training, Assad began wrestling for numerous independent promotions, including a stint in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). During his time in these promotions, he won various championships in singles competition. Assad signed with WWE in 2005 and was assigned to Deep South Wrestling (DSW), one of the company's developmental territories.
After being promoted to the SmackDown! brand, Assad made his WWE wrestling debut in October 2006. In 2007, he won the United States Championship, giving him his first title reign with the company. That same year, he captured the Tag Team Championship alongside Matt Hardy. Assad won the United States Championship for a second time on March 17, 2009. Following his tenure in WWE, Assad joined New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) in February 2011. He would spend the next two years with the promotion, becoming the inaugural IWGP Intercontinental Champion in May 2011.
Early life and criminal activity.
Assad grew up in Opa-locka, Florida, and his father was a police officer. He joined a gang when he was 12, describing it as "a graffiti gang", which later turned into a street gang. He spent six months in a juvenile detention center after a robbery. He later completed 9½ years of an 18½ year prison sentence for armed robbery and kidnapping which he started at the age of sixteen. While in prison, he converted to Islam and changed his name from Alvin Burke, Jr. to Hassan Hamin Assad. Due to his past criminal record, Assad's visits to other countries on international tours are subject to permits and background checks for recent behavior.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career.
Assad first entered professional wrestling after completing 9½ years of an 18½ year prison sentence for armed robbery and kidnapping, which he started at the age of sixteen. Assad entered the professional wrestling business through the help of a corrections officer in his prison who also worked as a wrestler in the independent circuit. After being trained by former professional wrestlers Soulman Alex G and Norman Smiley, Assad made his wrestling debut in 2002. He worked for many different companies on the independent circuit using the name Antonio Banks, including appearances with Full Impact Pro (FIP) and Future of Wrestling (FOW), where he won the latter's Tag Team Championship with Punisher. During his time in FIP, he wrestled Homicide for the World Heavyweight Championship at the Ring of Honor show "Do or Die IV" on February 19, 2005, but did not win the title. He also made sporadic appearances under the ring name for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and wrestled on the April 20, 2003 episode of "TNA Xplosion". He appeared again for TNA on the August 6, 2004 episode of "Impact!", with Sal Rinauro as his tag team partner, losing to America's Most Wanted. He also wrestled for Coastal Championship Wrestling (CCW) and Elite Wrestling Entertainment in 2005, competing against wrestlers like Jerry Lynn and D'Lo Brown. In CCW, he won the Heavyweight Championship on August 20, 2005, by defeating Blackhart and Bruno Sassi in a three-way match.
World Wrestling Entertainment.
Deep South Wrestling (2005–2006).
In 2005, after a number of live events and dark matches, Assad signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and was assigned to their developmental territory Deep South Wrestling. He originally wrestled under his "Antonio Banks" ring name, but then developed the Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) in-ring persona: an arrogant, self-obsessed athlete partially inspired by the fictional NFL wide receiver Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) from the 1996 film "Jerry Maguire" and the real-life wide receiver Terrell Owens.
Debut and feud with Kane (2006–2007).
As MVP, he made his first appearance on WWE television on the August 4, 2006 episode of "SmackDown!", during which announcers described him as a coveted free agent. The initial angle involved MVP appearing backstage and in arena crowds, often flanked by women and/or a bodyguard, and talking to SmackDown! General Manager Theodore Long about the contract his (unseen) agent was supposedly aggressively negotiating. Throughout his segments, commentators described MVP as arrogant, noting that he would stop conversations in the middle to answer his mobile phone or admire his own jewelry while people were speaking to him. Finally, on September 26, 2006, video of a press conference announcing the signing of MVP to "the largest contract in SmackDown! history" was uploaded to WWE.com.view
MVP made his in-ring debut at No Mercy as a villain with a ring entrance featuring an NFL-like inflatable tunnel, before defeating Marty Garner. During the match, commentators Michael Cole and John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) decried the choice of opponent, since it had been implied that it would be someone "more competent", and joined in with fans mocking his athletic suit styled ring gear, calling him "pathetic" while the fans chanted "Power Ranger". On the following week's "SmackDown!", MVP made a demand for a tougher opponent to prove his mettle, which was answered by Kane making his SmackDown! debut. The two feuded for the next two months, with MVP narrowly scoring wins over Kane in a Street Fight and a Steel Cage match before losing to Kane in an Inferno match at Armageddon, from which he suffered storyline 1st degree burns. Because of the burns he was "out of action" for a short time, during which color commentator JBL expressed rage with the fans for cheering a match where the only way of achieving victory is to set an opponent on fire.
United States and Tag Team Champion (2007–2009).
When the Kane feud died down, MVP began a feud with the WWE United States Champion Chris Benoit over Benoit's title. During the buildup for a title match with Benoit, MVP appeared on "SmackDown!" introducing various supposed champions from around the world, defeating them in squash matches. MVP lost to Benoit at WrestleMania 23 and at Backlash, but finally defeated Benoit in a Two out of three falls match at Judgment Day, with MVP taking the United States Championship, his first WWE title, in two straight falls. MVP credits his time working with Benoit for improving his in-ring skill.
His first major feud as the champion was against Matt Hardy, whom he started claiming to be better than at everything, after defeating him at the Great American Bash. When MVP was legitimately diagnosed with the heart condition Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome, it was written into the storyline, with MVP blaming the condition for his losing an arm wrestling match against Hardy. When MVP was given an interview segment during "SmackDown!", the "VIP Lounge", it was used to bow out of a scheduled boxing match at "Saturday Night's Main Event"– with Evander Holyfield replacing him, and eventually punching out MVP during the bout. On the August 24, 2007 episode of "SmackDown!", MVP bragged to General Manager Theodore Long that he was so good, he could win the WWE Tag Team Championship with anybody, prompting Long to grant him a Championship match alongside the next person who entered the room, who turned out to be Matt Hardy. The following week, MVP and Hardy took the championship from Deuce 'n Domino, making MVP a double champion. MVP and Hardy's contentious relationship had them competing with each other in various ways while MVP proclaimed himself "Captain" of the team and refused to defend his United States Championship. In the months coming, MVP started getting along better with Hardy and helped him defeat Finlay on "SmackDown!".
Their reign together came to an end on the November 16, 2007 episode of "SmackDown" after Hardy demanded a shot at the United States Championship, but MVP declined, and announced they had a Tag Team Championship defense against John Morrison and The Miz instead. They lost the match, and immediately afterwards, MVP invoked the rematch clause, but they lost that match as well. MVP then attacked Hardy, targeting his knee, which in storyline had been injured during the matches, and put him "out of action". Hardy suffered a legitimate ruptured appendix while he was off television, putting their feud on hold. While Hardy recovered, MVP engaged in short feuds with Rey Mysterio and Ric Flair. He participated in the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania XXIV, and during the match, Hardy made an unannounced return and knocked MVP from the ladder with his signature Twist of Fate maneuver, reigniting their feud. At Backlash in 2008, MVP dropped the title to Hardy, ending his record reign at 343 days, which was at the time the longest reign of the WWE era, and the third longest in the entire history of the championship (the record has since broken by Dean Ambrose in 2014).
Beginning on the August 29, 2008 episode of "SmackDown", MVP developed a losing streak that lasted over five months, losing in both singles and tag team matches. At Unforgiven, he challenged for the WWE Championship in the Championship Scramble match, but was unsuccessful. The losing streak meant that, in storyline, MVP did not receive "his contract incentive bonus", and also was no longer allowed his usual entrance with the NFL-like inflatable tunnel. During this losing streak he had a short feud with The Great Khali. On the January 16, 2009 episode of "SmackDown", MVP finally broke the losing streak by defeating Big Show in a Last Man Standing match with help from Triple H, as he was fighting to ensure that Triple H would be allowed to compete in the Royal Rumble match, in the process turning him into a fan favorite. At the "SmackDown" taping on March 17, he won the United States Championship for the second time by defeating Shelton Benjamin. At WrestleMania XXV, MVP competed in the Money in the Bank ladder match for the second year in a row, but failed to win.
Brand switches (2009–2010).
On April 13, 2009, MVP was drafted as the first overall pick to the Raw brand as a part of the 2009 WWE Draft. As a result of being the reigning WWE United States Champion, he transferred the title to Raw for the first time in history. He lost the title to Kofi Kingston on the June 1 episode of "Raw". He then formed a tag team with Mark Henry, and they challenged Jeri-Show (Chris Jericho and The Big Show) for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship at the Breaking Point pay-per-view, but they failed to win the championship.
After beginning a feud with The Miz, MVP faced him for the WWE United States Championship at Royal Rumble on January 31, 2010, but was unable to win. After this preliminary title retention, both also participated in the Rumble itself. MVP entered 14th and was surprise-attacked by Miz (who was not yet an official entrant) who hit him with the United States title belt. MVP later recovered and entered the match (having not been eliminated) to double-eliminate both himself and Miz. MVP challenged The Miz for the title a second time at the February 21 Elimination Chamber pay-per-view but was once again unable to win. He also competed in the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania XXVI, but was unable to win.
As part of the 2010 WWE Supplemental Draft, MVP was drafted back to the SmackDown brand. He made his "SmackDown" return on the April 30 episode, interrupting CM Punk's promo, and later teaming up with Rey Mysterio to defeat Punk and Luke Gallows. On June 1, MVP was announced as the mentor of Percy Watson for the "second season of "WWE NXT"; Watson was eliminated from the competition on August 17, finishing fifth overall. On the November 5 episode of SmackDown, MVP fought in a Triple Threat Match for the number one contendership of Dolph Ziggler's Intercontinental Championship against Cody Rhodes and Drew McIntyre. The match was won by MVP, and the championship match was set for the following week's SmackDown, but MVP was unsuccessful in winning the title. MVP was announced as part of Team Mysterio, teaming with Rey Mysterio, The Big Show, Chris Masters and Kofi Kingston to take on Team Del Rio (Alberto Del Rio, Tyler Reks, Jack Swagger, Drew McIntyre and Cody Rhodes) at Survivor Series. At the pay-per-view, MVP was the first man eliminated in the match by McIntyre, who was aided by Del Rio holding MVP's foot down so he couldn't kick out. MVP's last match with the WWE aired on December 3, a day after his announced release, teaming with Kaval in a losing effort against Drew McIntyre and Dolph Ziggler; afterward, he and Kaval were attacked by Kane. On December 2, 2010, WWE announced that Assad was released from his WWE contract.
New Japan Pro Wrestling (2011–2013).
In 2011, Assad signed a year contract with New Japan Pro Wrestling, pursuing his noted passion for puroresu. TMZ reported that Assad's prior convictions had made it difficult for him to acquire a visa but that he would be debuting in February. As WWE owned the rights to the name Montel Vontavious Porter, but not MVP, Assad was able to continue working under the abbreviated ring name. In storyline MVP was brought in to the promotion by NOSAWA Rongai, who wanted him to join the villainous Kojimagun, led by Satoshi Kojima. In his debut match for the promotion on February 20 at The New Beginning, MVP teamed with fellow Kojimagun member Taichi to defeat Togi Makabe and Tomoaki Honma in a tag team match by making Honma submit to his Take it to the Bank crucifix neck crank. On March 6, MVP entered the 2011 New Japan Cup, used to determine the new number one contender to the IWGP Heavyweight Championship, defeating Karl Anderson in his first round match. On March 19, MVP suffered his first loss in New Japan, when he was defeated by Togi Makabe in the second round of the New Japan Cup. The following day, MVP achieved a major victory when he tapped IWGP Heavyweight Champion Hiroshi Tanahashi out with the TTB in a tag team match, where he teamed with Satoshi Kojima and Tanahashi with Hirooki Goto. On May 3, the returning Minoru Suzuki took over as the new leader of Kojimagun, after its members Taichi and Taka Michinoku had turned on Satoshi Kojima.
In May 2011, MVP took part in the Invasion Tour 2011, New Japan's first tour of the United States. On May 13 in Rahway, New Jersey, he entered the tournament to determine the first ever IWGP Intercontinental Champion, defeating Kazuchika Okada in his first round match. The following day in New York City, MVP defeated Tetsuya Naito to advance to the finals of the tournament. On the third and final day of the tour in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, MVP defeated Toru Yano in the finals to become the first IWGP Intercontinental Champion. Earlier in the event, MVP showed his allegiance to Satoshi Kojima by saving him from the debuting Lance Archer, thus breaking away from the newly renamed Suzukigun. On June 18 at Dominion 6.18, MVP made his first successful defense of the IWGP Intercontinental Championship by defeating Toru Yano. After the match, Yano attacked him and cut his hair. The two would face each other in a third title match on July 18, where MVP was once again victorious. After the match MVP was attacked and challenged by Yano's Chaos stablemate Masato Tanaka. In August, MVP took part in the 2011 G1 Climax, where he managed to win six out of his nine matches, but a loss to Karl Anderson on the final day of the tournament caused him to narrowly miss advancing to the finals. On October 10 at Destruction '11, MVP lost the IWGP Intercontinental Championship to Masato Tanaka, ending his reign at 148 days. MVP received a rematch for the title on December 4, but was again defeated by Tanaka, following interference from his stablemate Yujiro Takahashi. On January 4, 2012, at Wrestle Kingdom VI in Tokyo Dome, MVP teamed with Shelton Benjamin, making a special one-time appearance, to defeat Tanaka and Takahashi in a tag team match. MVP reunited with Benjamin on June 16 at Dominion 6.16, where they defeated Karl Anderson and Tama Tonga in a tag team match. In August, MVP took part in his second G1 Climax tournament, where he won four out of his eight matches and failed to advance to the finals. In November, MVP took part in the 2012 World Tag League, where he teamed with Shelton Benjamin under the tag team name "Black Dynamite". MVP and Benjamin finished their tournament on December 1 with a record of three wins, one over the reigning IWGP Tag Team Champions Davey Boy Smith, Jr. and Lance Archer, and three losses, failing to advance from their block. On January 4, 2013, at Wrestle Kingdom 7 in Tokyo Dome, MVP teamed with Akebono, Manabu Nakanishi and Strong Man in an eight man tag team match, where they defeated Bob Sapp, Takashi Iizuka, Toru Yano and Yujiro Takahashi. On February 26, Assad announced that he had parted ways with New Japan and would be next focusing on a television project with Lionsgate Television. He later explained his reasons behind leaving the promotion, saying that he wanted to stay closer to his home in addition to just "recharging the batteries".
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2014-present).
At the January 30, 2014, tapings of "Impact Wrestling", Assad returned to TNA using the MVP name, revealing himself to be the storyline "investor" responsible for signing The Wolves and counteracting Dixie Carter's agenda in recent weeks, establishing himself as a face. On the February 13 episode of "Impact Wrestling", MVP made his in-ring debut, defeating Rockstar Spud.
The following week it was announced that MVP would captain a team to face a team captained by Bobby Roode in a Lethal Lockdown match at Lockdown. The head of the winning team, either MVP or Dixie Carter, gains complete control over TNA. On March 9, 2014, at Lockdown, MVP gained total control of wrestling operations in TNA Wrestling as his team defeated Team Dixie. On the May 8th edition of "Impact Wrestling", after telling Young how "proud" he was of him, MVP attacked Eric Young and announced himself as the #1 contender to the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, turning heel again in the process. However, TNA announced on Friday that due a torn meniscus, MVP was deemed medically unfit to compete, removing him from the match in the process. According to PWInsider, the original plans were to crown MVP as champion. On the June 19th episode of Impact Wrestling, MVP and Kenny King helped Lashley win the TNA World Heavyweight Championship from Eric Young, but firing Earl Hebner in the process. On June 26 episode of "Impact Wrestling", he was relieved of his duties as Director of Wrestling Operations by Earl Sullivan Armstrong, Board of Directors Representative as MVP attempted to fire Bobby Roode, and MVP's replacement as Executive Director of Wrestling Operations was revealed to be Kurt Angle.
Other media.
Assad made a cameo appearance in the film "MacGruber", alongside fellow WWE Superstars Chris Jericho, The Great Khali, Big Show, Kane, and Mark Henry.
MVP released his first hip hop song titled "Holla to the World" in June 2011. A music video for the song, featuring cameos from Carlito and Hernandez, was released the following October. The song was released as a single through iTunes on April 5, 2012. On March 18, 2013, he released his second song entitled "Tokyo". On January 30, 2014, MVP released his third single, titled "Return of the Ronin". The song also became MVP's entrance theme in TNA.
Personal life.
In August 2007, Assad was diagnosed with Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome, a rare condition that causes the heart to beat faster than normal. The condition was discovered during his tenure with WWE, when he had undergone a routine check-up in accordance with WWE's Talent and Wellness Policy, which otherwise would have gone undetected until it was too late.
Assad has acquired numerous tattoos through his life, including; a portrait of Malcolm X on the upper left portion of his chest, the sarcophagus of King Tut and pyramids on his left upper biceps, the legend "Monte Cristo" along with the phrase "The best revenge is living well" in script on his right forearm (both references to the book "The Count of Monte Cristo"), and an Eye of Horus on the back of his left arm. He also has a star on his right shoulder. He also has a number of homemade gang related tattoos that he had done when he was a teenager, which he is no longer proud of.
Assad has stated that he was a video game fan growing up, and that the finishing maneuver he used on the independent circuit, the "Malicious Intent", was inspired by a similar move performed by a character in the "Tekken" series. He has been a fan of Manchester United F.C. since he was 13, and his favorite player is Eric Cantona. Despite his earlier conversion to Islam, Assad has since described himself as a nonbeliever and an atheist.

</doc>
<doc id="2898730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898730" title="Barañáin">
Barañáin

Barañáin (in Spanish) or Barañain (in Euskera) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898735" title="History of the Philadelphia Eagles">
History of the Philadelphia Eagles

The official NFL history of the Philadelphia Eagles begins in 1933. The Eagles' history may be divided into eight distinct eras. In their history, the Eagles have appeared in the Super Bowl twice, but they have never won it. The Eagles have won three NFL Championships, the precursor to the Super Bowl, in four appearances.
The beginning era of the Eagles history, 1933 to 1939, was influenced by its owner, and then also coach, Bert Bell. After Bell ostensibly sold the team, to Alexis Thompson in 1940, the second era of the Eagles history was largely directed by their coach and future Hall of Famer, Greasy Neale.
Beginnings (1933-39).
Formation and Early Years.
In 1931, Philadelphia's NFL franchise, the Frankford Yellow Jackets, who had won the NFL Championship in 1926, went bankrupt and ceased operations midway through the season. After more than a year searching for a suitable replacement, the NFL granted an expansion franchise to a syndicate headed by former University of Pennsylvania teammates Lud Wray and Bert Bell. Bell and Wray had previously played football together on the "Union Club" squads, the Union Club of Phoenixville in 1920 and the Union Quakers of Philadelphia in 1921.
In exchange for an entry fee of $2,500, the Bell-Wray group was awarded the assets of the failed Yellow Jackets organization. Drawing inspiration from the insignia of the centerpiece of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal, the National Recovery Act, Bell and Wray named the new franchise the Philadelphia Eagles. Neither the Eagles nor the NFL officially regard the two franchises as the same, citing the aforementioned period of dormancy. The Eagles simply inherited the NFL rights to the Philadelphia area. Also, almost no players from the 1931 Yellow Jackets ended up with the 1933 Eagles.
The new team played its first game on October 15, 1933, against the New York Giants at the Polo Grounds in New York City. They lost the game 56-0. The Eagles struggled over the course of their first decade, never winning more than three games. For the most part, the Eagles' rosters were composed of former Penn, Temple and Villanova players who put in a few years before going on to other things.
In 1935, Bell, by that point the team's General Manager, proposed an annual college draft to equalize talent across the league. The draft was a revolutionary concept in professional sports. Having teams select players in inverse order of their finish in the standings, a practice still followed today, strove to increase fan interest by guaranteeing that even the worst teams would have the opportunity for annual infusions of the best college talent. Between 1927 (the year the NFL changed from a sprawling association to a narrower, major-market league) and 1934, a triopoly of three teams (the Chicago Bears, New York Giants and Green Bay Packers) had won all but one title since 1927 (the lone exception being the Providence Steam Roller of 1928).
Sole Owner and Coach Bell (1936-1939).
Having finished last in the standings, the Eagles were "honored" with the first pick, an opportunity they squandered by selecting the University of Chicago's Heisman Trophy-winning back, Jay Berwanger. Fortunately for the Eagles, they had managed by then to trade his rights to the Chicago Bears. Berwanger, who had no interest in playing professional football, elected to go to medical school instead. 
The Eagles' first major recruiting success would come in 1939, with the signing of Texas Christian's All-America quarterback, Davey O'Brien; O'Brien proceeded to shatter numerous existing single-season NFL passing records in his rookie season. That year, the Eagles participated in the first televised football game, against the Brooklyn Dodgers, at Ebbets Field in Brooklyn (as was to be expected of the 1930s Eagles, they lost the game, 23-14).
"On the wings of Eagles": the golden age (1940-49).
The 1940s would prove a tumultuous and ultimately triumphant decade for the young club. In 1940, the team moved from Philadelphia Municipal Stadium to Shibe Park. Lud Wray's half-interest in the team was purchased by Art Rooney, who had just sold the Pittsburgh Steelers to Alexis Thompson. Soon thereafter, Bell/Rooney and Thompson swapped franchises, but not teams. Bell/Rooney's entire Eagles' corporate organization, including most of the players, moved to Pittsburgh (The Steelers' corporate name remained "Philadelphia Football Club, Inc." until 1945) and Thompson's Steelers moved to Philadelphia, leaving only the team nicknames in their original cities. Since NFL franchises are territorial rights distinct from individual corporate entities, the NFL does not consider this a franchise move and considers the current Philadelphia Eagles as a single unbroken entity from 1933. [http://www.daytontriangles.org/toindianapolis.htm]
After assuming ownership, Thompson promptly hired Greasy Neale as the team's head coach. In its first years under Neale, the team continued to struggle. In 1943, when manpower shortages stemming from World War II made it impossible to fill the roster, the team temporarily merged with the Steelers to form a team popularly known as the "Steagles." The merger, never intended as a permanent arrangement, was dissolved at the end of the 1943 season. This season saw the team's first winning season in its 11-year history, with a finish of 5-4-1. In 1944, however, the Eagles finally experienced good fortune, as they made their finest draft pick to date: running back Steve Van Buren. At last, the team's fortunes were about to change.
Led by Van Buren and Neale, the Eagles became a serious competitor for the first time. They had their first winning season as a separate team in 1944. After two more second-place finishes (1945 and 1946), the Eagles reached the NFL title game for the first time in 1947. Van Buren, end Pete Pihos and Bosh Pritchard fought valiantly, but the young team fell to the Chicago Cardinals, 28-21, at Chicago's Comiskey Park. Undeterred, the young squad rebounded and returned to face the Cardinals once more in the 1948 championship. With home-field advantage (and a blinding snowstorm) on their side, the Eagles won their first NFL Championship, 7-0. Due to the severity of the weather, few fans were on hand to witness the joyous occasion. That would not be the case the following season, however, when the Eagles returned to the NFL championship game for the third consecutive year and won in dominating fashion in front of a large crowd in Los Angeles, beating the Los Angeles Rams, 14-0.
In Thompson's final draft, Chuck Bednarik was selected as the first overall pick in the 1949 NFL Draft. An All-American lineman/linebacker from the University of Pennsylvania, Bednarik would go on to become one of the greatest and most beloved players in Eagles history. 1949 also saw the sale of the team by Thompson to a syndicate of 100 buyers, known as the "Happy Hundred", each of whom paid a fee of $3,000 for their share of the team. While the leader of the "Happy Hundred" was noted Philadelphia businessman James P. Clark, one unsung investor was Leonard Tose, a name that would eventually become very familiar to Eagles fans.
Mediocrity (1950-59).
With the turn of the decade came another turn in team fortunes. The Eagles were slated to open the 1950 season against the AAFC champion Cleveland Browns, who had just (with the other AAFC franchises) joined the NFL. The Eagles were expected to make short work of the Browns, who were widely reckoned at the time as the dominant team in a lesser league. However, the Browns lit up the Eagles' vaunted defense for 487 total yards, including 246 passing yards, in a 35-10 rout. The Eagles never really recovered, and finished 6-6.
Neale retired after the season and was replaced by Bo McMillin. Two games into the season, McMillin was forced to retire due to terminal stomach cancer. Wayne Millner finished out the season before being replaced by Jim Trimble. While the remnants of the great 1940s teams managed to stay competitive for the first few years of the decade, and while younger players like Bobby Walston and Sonny Jurgensen occasionally provided infusions of talent, the team lacked the stuff of true greatness for most of the 1950s. The Eagles considered trying to purchase Temple Stadium in 1952 when the team was unhappy with their lease at Shibe Park. Temple University claimed the property to have been appraised for $1 million and said they were uninterested in selling. In 1958, however, the franchise took key steps to improve, hiring Buck Shaw as Head Coach and acquiring Norm Van Brocklin in a trade with the Los Angeles Rams. That year also saw the team move from Connie Mack Stadium (formerly Shibe Park) to Franklin Field, and attendance doubled. The 1959 squad showed real flashes of talent, and finished in second place in the Eastern Division.
Struggles (1960-69).
1960.
1960 remains the most celebrated year in Eagle history. Shaw, Van Brocklin and Chuck Bednarik (each in his last season before retirement) led a team more notable for its grit than its talent (one observer later quipped that the team had "nothing but a championship") to its first division title since 1949. The team was aided by their two Pro Bowl receivers, WR Tommy McDonald (who would later pen a short autobiography titled "They Pay Me to Catch Footballs") and TE Pete Retzlaff. On December 26, 1960, one of the coldest days in recorded Philadelphia history, the Eagles faced Vince Lombardi's Green Bay Packers in the NFL title game and dealt the mighty Lombardi the sole championship game loss of his storied career. Bednarik lined up at center on offense and at linebacker on defense. Fittingly, the game ended as Bednarik tackled a struggling Jim Taylor and refused to allow him to stand until the last seconds had ticked away.
Flush with excitement from the 17-13 victory, with the talented Jurgensen poised to take the reins of the offense, the future looked promising. That promise, however, proved illusory.
1961-69.
In 1961, the Eagles finished just a half-game behind the New York Giants for first place in the Eastern Conference standings with a 10-4 record. Despite the on-the-field success, however, the franchise was in turmoil. Van Brocklin had come to Philadelphia and agreed to play through 1960 with the tacit understanding that, upon his retirement as a player, he would succeed Shaw as head coach. Ownership, however, opted to promote assistant Nick Skorich instead, and Van Brocklin quit the organization in a fit of pique, instead becoming head coach of the expansion Minnesota Vikings. In 1962, the bottom dropped out as the team was decimated by injury, managed only three wins and were embarrassed at home 49-0 by the Packers. The off-field chaos would continue through 1963, as the remaining 65 shareholders out of the original Happy Hundred sold the team to Jerry Wolman, a 36-year-old millionaire Washington developer who outbid local bidders for the team, paying an unprecedented $5,505,000 for control of the club. In 1964, Wolman hired former Cardinals and Washington Redskins coach Joe Kuharich to a 15 year contract.
Many people have heavily criticized Kuharich as a coach, as they say he wasted top-tier talent such as that of Jurgensen, Timmy Brown, Ollie Matson and Ben Hawkins and effectively ran the franchise into the ground. At Kuharich’s insistence, Jurgensen was traded to the Washington Redskins for Norm Snead in 1964: Jurgensen would go on to a Hall of Fame career while Snead, although serviceable, lacked the talent to lift the team out of mediocrity. By 1968, fans were in full revolt. Chants of “Joe must go” echoed through the increasingly empty bleachers of Franklin Field. Adding insult to injury, the Eagles managed to eke out meaningless wins in two of the last three games of the season, costing the franchise the first pick in the draft, and with it the opportunity to add O. J. Simpson to the roster. (With the second pick, the Eagles chose Leroy Keyes, who played only four years in an Eagles uniform.) The last game of 1968, played on December 15, helped cement the rowdy reputation of Philadelphia fans when some of them booed and threw snowballs at an actor playing Santa Claus. By 1969, Wolman had lost most of his fortune and was bankrupt, leaving the franchise under the administration of a federal bankruptcy court. At the end of the bankruptcy proceedings, the Eagles were sold to Leonard Tose, the self-made trucking millionaire and original member of the Happy Hundred. Tose's first official act was to fire Kuharich.
With an earned reputation as a fast-living high-flier, Tose infused the organization with some much-needed panache. Initially, however, he ran the team with more enthusiasm than ability, as was exemplified by his choice to replace Kuharich, the hapless Jerry Williams. Tose also selected former Eagles great Pete Retzlaff as General Manager.
From hopeless to hopeful (1970-79).
In 1971, the Eagles moved from Franklin Field to brand-new Veterans Stadium. In its first season, the “Vet” was widely acclaimed as a triumph of ultra-modern sports engineering, a consensus that would be short-lived. Equally short-lived was Williams’s tenure as head coach: after a 3-10-1 record in 1970 and three consecutive blowout losses to Cincinnati, Dallas and San Francisco to open the 1971 season, Williams was fired and replaced by assistant Ed Khayat, a defensive lineman on the Eagles' 1960 NFL championship team. Williams and Khayat were hampered by Retzlaff's decision to trade longtime starting quarterback Norm Snead to the Minnesota Vikings in early 1971, leaving the Eagles a choice between journeyman Pete Liske and the raw Rick Arrington.
Khayat lost his first two games, but won six of the final nine in 1971 thanks to the exploits of the defense, led by All-Pro safety Bill Bradley, who led the NFL in interceptions (11) and interception return yardage (248). 
The team regressed in 1972, and Khayat was released after the Eagles finished 2-11-1. The two wins (both on the road) proved to be surprises, however. Philadelphia beat Kansas City (which had the best record in the AFC a year before) 21-20 and Houston 18-17 on six field goals by kicker Tom Dempsey. The latter game became known as the "Johnny Rodgers Bowl", because the loser would finish with the worst record in the league and obtain the #1 draft pick of 1973, which was then assumed to be Nebraska wingback Johnny Rodgers. The Oilers ultimately got the #1 pick, which instead turned out to be University of Tampa defensive end John Matuszak (who would end up facing Philadelphia in the Super Bowl several years later). With the second pick, the Eagles selected USC tight end Charle Young.
Khayat was replaced by offensive guru Mike McCormick, who, aided by the skills of Roman Gabriel and towering young receiver Harold Carmichael, managed to infuse a bit of vitality into a previously moribund offense. New general manager Jim Murray also began to add talent on the defensive side of the line, most notably through the addition of future Pro Bowl linebacker Bill Bergey. Overall, however, the team was still mired in mediocrity. McCormick was fired after a 4-10 1975 season, and replaced by a college coach unknown to most Philadelphians. That coach would become one of the most beloved names in Philadelphia sports history: Dick Vermeil.
Vermeil faced numerous obstacles as he attempted to rejuvenate a franchise that had not seriously contended in well over a decade. Despite the team’s young talent and Gabriel’s occasional flashes of brilliance, the Eagles finished 1976 with the same result—a 4-10 record—as in 1975. 1977, however, saw the first seeds of hope begin to sprout. Rifle-armed quarterback Ron Jaworski was obtained by trade with the Los Angeles Rams in exchange for popular tight end Charlie Young. The defense, led by Bergey and defensive coordinator Marion Campbell, began earning a reputation as one of the hardest hitting in the league. By the next year, the Eagles had fully taken Vermeil’s enthusiastic attitude, and made the playoffs for the first time since 1960. Young running back Wilbert Montgomery became the first Eagle since Steve Van Buren to exceed 1,000 yards in a single season. (1978 also bore witness to one of the greatest, and unquestionably most surreal moment in Eagles history: "The Miracle at the Meadowlands," when Herman Edwards returned a late-game fumble by Giants' quarterback Joe Pisarcik for a touchdown with 20 seconds left, resulting in a 19-17 Eagles victory - the Eagles would later edge into the playoffs that year with a 9-7 season.) By 1979, in which the Eagles tied for first place with an 11-5 record and Wilbert Montgomery shattered club rushing records with a total of 1,512 yards, the Eagles were poised to join the NFL elite.
Mild success (1980-1990).
1980.
In 1980, the team, led by coach Dick Vermeil, quarterback Ron Jaworski, running back Wilbert Montgomery, wide receiver Harold Carmichael, and linebacker Bill Bergey, dominated the NFC, facing its chief nemesis, the Dallas Cowboys, in the NFC Championship. The game was played in cold conditions in front of the Birds' faithful fans at Veterans Stadium. Led by an incredible rushing performance from Montgomery, whose long cutback TD run in the first half is surely one of the most memorable plays in Eagles history, and a gutsy performance from fullback Leroy Harris, who scored the Eagles' only other TD that day, the Birds earned a berth in Super Bowl XV with a 20-7 victory.
The Eagles traveled to New Orleans for Super Bowl XV and were heavy favorites to knock off the Oakland Raiders, who were merely a wild card team. Things did not go the Eagles' way, beginning with the disastrous decision by Tose to bring comedian Don Rickles into the pregame locker room to lighten the mood. Jaworski's first pass was intercepted by Rod Martin, setting up an Oakland touchdown. Later in the first quarter, a potential game-tying 40-yard touchdown pass to Rodney Parker was nullified by an illegal motion penalty. The final score was 27-10. Veteran journeyman quarterback Jim Plunkett was named the game's MVP. In a bizarre coincidence, Joe Kuharich died on the same day.
1981-85.
The Eagles got off to a great start in the 1981 season, winning their first six games. They eventually ended up 10-6 and earned a wild card berth. However, they were unable to repeat as NFC champs when they were knocked out in the wild card round by the New York Giants, 27-21. After the Eagles finished 3-6 in the strike-shortened 1982 season, Vermeil quit the team, citing "burnout." He was replaced by defensive coordinator Marion Campbell, aka "the Swamp Fox." Campbell had helped to popularize the "bend-don't-break" defensive strategy in the 1970s. Under Campbell, however, the team struggled, although his stewardship was notable in that it saw the arrival of all-time football greats Reggie White and Randall Cunningham. The 1983-85 seasons would see the Eagles go 5-11, 6-9-1, and 7-9, respectively.
1986-88.
Campbell's reign of error ended in 1986, when Buddy Ryan was named head coach. Immediately infusing the team with his tough, hard-as-nails attitude, the Eagles quickly became known for their tough defense and tougher personalities. Ryan began rejuvenating the team by releasing several aging players, including Ron Jaworski. Randall Cunningham took his place, and despite a 5-10-1 season, he began showing considerable promise. 1987 saw another strike, reducing the season by one game. The substitutes who were filling in for the strikers turned in a poor performance, being crushed 41-22 by the Dallas Cowboys. After the strike ended, the regular Eagles team won a 37-20 revenge game against Dallas. The season record was 7-8, three games having been played by substitutes. The Eagles would reach the playoffs in 1988, but lost to the Chicago Bears 20-12 in what became known as the "Fog Bowl", due to the weather conditions during the game.
1989-90.
The following two years would see playoff appearances as well, but the team could not make it past the first round. This failure was greatly frustrating to many Eagles fans, as the team was commonly acknowledged as among the most talented in the NFL. On offense, the Eagles were led by quarterback Cunningham, one of the most exciting players of his generation; tight end Keith Jackson; and running back Keith Byars. The defense is commonly acknowledged as among the greatest in league history, and as the best never to win a championship.
The two 1989 matches with Dallas were known as the Bounty Bowls. Both were won easily by the Eagles (the Cowboys finished 1-15 that year), and were marked by Ryan insulting new Cowboys coach Jimmy Johnson, putting a "bounty" on their kicker, and for Eagles fans throwing snowballs on the season ender.
On November 12, 1990, during a "Monday Night Football" game at the Vet, the Eagles crushed the Washington Redskins by a score of 28-14, with the defense scoring three of the team's four touchdowns. More lopsided than its score would indicate, the game quickly acquired the sobriquet "the Body Bag Game", attesting to the physical damage inflicted by the tougher Eagles squad. The Eagles knocked out the starting Washington quarterback, and then seriously injured his replacement as well. Running back Brian Mitchell, who would later be signed by the Eagles, was forced to play quarterback for the Redskins. Unfortunately, the Redskins returned to Veterans stadium in the first round of the playoffs and defeated the Eagles 20-6, ending their season. Buddy Ryan was fired at the end of the season. Despite his tough talk, the Eagles failed to win a playoff game in the five years he had been head coach.
Kotite and Rhodes (1991-98).
In 1991, the Eagles became the first NFL team since 1975 to rank first in the league in both rushing and passing yardage allowed, but competing in a strong division were unable to reach the playoffs despite a 10-6 record. Along with White, notable defensive stars included Jerome Brown, Clyde Simmons, Seth Joyner, Eric Allen, Wes Hopkins, and Andre Waters.
With Ryan's firing by Norman Braman, Ryan's former Offensive Coordinator, Rich Kotite, took the helm of the franchise. Although Cunningham suffered a season-ending ACL tear in the season opener, the Eagles still made a respectable showing, missing the playoffs on a tiebreaker. In 1992, Kotite led the Eagles back into the postseason with an 11-5 record. In the Wild Card Round, the Eagles soundly defeated the New Orleans Saints by a final score of 36-20. The Eagles were eliminated by Dallas in the next round (34-10). At the end of the season, DE Reggie White would leave the team through free agency. In the 1992 NFL Off-season, DT Jerome Brown died in a high speed automobile crash on June 25. In 1993 and 1994, Kotite's Eagles would fall apart after initially promising starts, and missed the playoffs in each season, going 8-8 and 7-9. By this point, Braman had become unpopular among most local fans and a polarizing presence in the front office. Under rising scrutiny and deflating optimism, he sold the team to current owner Jeffrey Lurie. Almost Lurie's first act was to fire Kotite. 
Lurie's choice to replace Kotite was San Francisco 49ers Defensive Coordinator Ray Rhodes, who successfully lobbied 49ers star Ricky Watters to join the team as a free agent. In 1995, Rhodes's first season, the Eagles got off to a slow start by losing 3 out their first 4 games: they subsequently rebounded, finishing with a 10-6 record and a playoff spot. In the Wild Card Round, the Eagles played at home and overwhelmed the Detroit Lions 58-37, with 31 of Philadelphia's points coming in the second quarter alone. Despite this dominating performance, yet again, the Eagles were eliminated in the next round by the Cowboys (30-11). Ironically, this would be Randall Cunningham's last game as an Eagle. Cunningham would score the only touchdown of the game and the last Eagles post season touchdown for six years.
1995 was perhaps most notable in that it signaled the end of Cunningham's tenure as starting quarterback. Rhodes benched Cunningham in favor of Rodney Peete, leading to friction between the two. Before the benching, news reports circulated that Lurie and Rhodes tried to trade Cunningham to the Arizona Cardinals. However, no such trade was executed and Cunningham retired shortly after the season.
In 1996, the Eagles donned new uniforms featuring a darker shade of green. They got off to a good start, winning three of their first four games. However, a week-5 Monday night game at Veterans Stadium against the hated Cowboys would witness a season-ending knee injury to Peete and the loss of the team's momentum, and the transition to an offense led by Ty Detmer and Watters. While Detmer played well and Watters rushed for 1,411 yards, the season followed an all-too-familiar pattern: 10-6 record, and early elimination (a 14-0 shutout by the 49ers) in the playoffs. The continued early playoff exits led to fans and local media blaming the high priced free agent signings (Irving Fryar, Watters, Troy Vincent, and Guy McIntyre) for not stepping up in big games, most notably the postseason. Rhodes gradually deteriorated under the stress of the job, and players were beginning to grow tired of his brash demeanor and often autocratic coaching style. After an up-and-down 6-9-1 campaign in 1997, the bottom fell out in 1998. The Eagles suffered a 3-13 record--the worst in franchise history. They were ranked dead last in numerous offensive statistics. Home game attendance was declining, a quarterback controversy was deteriorating an already rudderless locker room, and the players had all but tuned out the embattled coaching staff. Left with little choice after a disastrous season, fan revolt and sagging team morale, Lurie fired Rhodes.
The Reid era (1999-2012).
1999-2012.
Resurgence would come under the leadership of new head coach Andy Reid, who began by drafting Syracuse QB Donovan McNabb with the #2 pick in the 1999 draft (the Eagles would have had the #1 pick, but it was awarded to the rebooted Cleveland Browns). Despite clearing up roster space for new talent by releasing unpopular, aging veterans (such as Watters and Irving Fryar), Reid was still a virtual unknown at the time of his selection as head coach, and his appointment was met with considerable skepticism in Philadelphia. McNabb was also not considered a good choice to draft by Eagles fans. When he was drafted, many Eagles fans booed the selection, believing that the Eagles should draft Ricky Williams. The choices proved wise, however: with Reid leading the way and McNabb emerging as one of the game's great players. However, 1999 was a rebuilding year and so the Eagles only won five games and game attendance was still looking stale as two home games were not sold out - resulting in local TV blackouts- while the other 6 were only sold out due to several small business owners purchasing the remainder of the unsold tickets to spare TV viewers. The Week 5 game, on Sunday, October 10, 1999, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, saw Dallas WR Michael Irvin suffer a career-ending spinal injury where Eagles fans stood up and cheered as he lay on the field. Even the TV commentators expressed their disgust at this behavior. The 2000 season saw the team go 11-5, reaching the playoffs as a wildcard which rejuvenated the fan base and optimism. After brushing aside the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 21-3, the Eagles moved to the second round of the playoffs, only to lose a 20-10 game against the Giants.
The 2000 regular season opener in Dallas (September 3), became known in NFL lore as the "Pickle Juice Game". Kickoff temperature in Texas Stadium was 109 degrees Fahrenheit and soared to nearly 120, making it the hottest game in league history, beating a previous record set during the 1997 Cowboys-Cardinals match in Arizona. The nickname came about because a certain Eagles trainer had been preparing for the projected high temperatures by having the players drink the juice from jars of dill pickles in order to retain body moisture and stave off cramps and heat exhaustion. The experiment proved a success as the Cowboys lost the game 44-14 and had multiple players benched for inability to handle the brutal temperatures (the Eagles had no players benched). The game also had significance because it marked the beginning of Philadelphia's domination of the NFC East and the end of the Cowboys' dominance.
After compiling an 11-5 record in 2001, the Eagles reached the playoffs again, this time at the top of their division. In a near-rerun of the previous year, they disposed of the Buccaneers in a 31-9 game. In the second round, the Eagles defeated the Bears 33-19 at Soldier Field. Reaching the NFC Championship game, they were unable to stop the St. Louis Rams, who defeated them 29-24
Despite injuries, McNabb led the Eagles to a 12-4 season in 2002. Once again, they reached the NFC Championship, but lost at home 27-10 to the eventual Super Bowl champion Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
2003.
The 2003 team lost its first two games, both at their new home. In the opening game of the 2003 season, the Eagles were shut out 17-0 by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the first regular-season game ever played at Lincoln Financial Field. Once again, the team went 12-4 for the season. By reaching the conference championship game in the same year as this defeat, they became the first team in modern history to get that far in the postseason after having been shut out at home in its first game. They achieved that distinction despite getting only five touchdown catches all year from their wide receivers, which tied the league low since the regular-season schedule was lengthened to its present 16 games in 1978 (this record would be broken in 2004 when the New York Giants' wide receivers caught only two touchdown passes). The Eagle receivers even went through both September and October without a TD catch — the last time an NFL team had done that was in 1945.
2004 Super Bowl run.
The Eagles actively pursued premier wide receiver Terrell Owens, and acquired him in a controversial three-way deal with the Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers, on March 16, 2004. Owens would often feud with McNabb, and was released by the Eagles after the 2005 season.
The 2004 season began with a bang as Owens caught three touchdown passes from McNabb in their season opener against the New York Giants. Owens would end up with exactly 1,200 receiving yards and 14 touchdown receptions, although his season ended prematurely with an ankle injury on December 19, 2005 against the Dallas Cowboys. Their 12-7 victory in this game gave them home field advantage throughout the conference playoffs for the third year in a row. distinction also includes a "bye" in the first round (also known as the Wild Card Round) of the playoffs, which the top two teams in each conference receive. The Eagles tied a record by clinching the NFC East division crown (their fourth straight such title) after only their eleventh game of the season, matching the mark set by the 1985 Chicago Bears and the 1997 San Francisco 49ers. Their final two regular-season games thus rendered meaningless, the Eagles sat out most of their first-string players in these games and lost them both, yet still finished with a 13-3 record, their best 16-game season ever. McNabb had his finest season to date, passing for 3,875 yards and 31 touchdowns, with only eight interceptions. This made him the first quarterback in NFL history to throw 30 or more TD passes and fewer than 10 interceptions in a single regular season. They then began their playoff run with the Divisional round at home against the sixth-seeded Minnesota Vikings. The Eagles led from the start and never looked back, as McNabb led a very efficient passing attack (21 of 33 for 286 yards and 2 TDs), Brian Westbrook dominated on the ground with 70 rushing yards, and Freddie Mitchell performed very well on the receiving corps (5 receptions for 65 yards and a TD), as Philadelphia won 27-14, setting up their fourth-straight NFC Championship appearance.
The Eagles' futility in Conference Championship games had become notorious. In 2002, the Eagles had fallen in the NFC Championship Game against the Rams in St. Louis, 29-24. In 2003, the Eagles hosted the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Veterans Stadium and were widely viewed as the overwhelming favorites—this view no doubt accentuated by the expected emotional boost that many anticipated would power the team, given that the game was to be the last at "the Vet." After a promising start, however, the game slipped away, and the ensuing 27-10 loss devastated a fan base that had already become too accustomed to disappointment. In 2004, a banged-up Eagles squad managed to overcome numerous injuries, particularly to its defense, to reach the NFC Championship for the third year in a row, only to suffer a heartbreaking 14-3 loss against the Carolina Panthers.
4th championship appearance.
On January 23, 2005, the Eagles reached an unprecedented (in the salary cap era of the NFL) fourth consecutive conference championship game. At long last, the Eagles justified the hopes of their long-suffering fan base, defeating Michael Vick's much-hyped Atlanta Falcons, 27-10, sending them to their first Super Bowl in 24 years. The victory sent the city of Philadelphia into wild celebrations.
Super Bowl XXXIX.
With two Super Bowl wins under their belt, the defending champion New England Patriots were heavily favored. The game was a defensive struggle through the third quarter, but in the fourth, the Patriots took the lead, with the Eagles trailing ten points. The early game struggle left everyone exhausted, and for his best efforts, McNabb could not get the team within field goal range. He was picked off in the closing seconds of the game. The final score was 24-21, and the Patriots had won their third Super Bowl in four years.
2005.
The defending NFC Champions did not fare well the next year. The 2005 season began in a strange and erratic fashion with a 14-10 road loss to the Atlanta Falcons on "Monday Night Football", a game in which Donovan McNabb suffered a chest bruise. In addition, Eagles linebacker Jeremiah Trotter was ejected prior to kick-off for getting involved in an altercation with Falcons cornerback Kevin Mathis. In the Week 2 home opener in Philadelphia, the Eagles defeated the San Francisco 49ers in a rout 42-3; however, McNabb was diagnosed with a sports hernia following the game. Weeks 3 and 4 saw the Eagles struggle somewhat but still manage to defeat the Oakland Raiders (23-20) and mount a stunning comeback from an 18-point deficit to defeat the Kansas City Chiefs at Arrowhead Stadium (37-31). In week 5, the Eagles were manhandled by the Dallas Cowboys in Texas Stadium, losing by 23 points (33-10). Following a bye week, the Eagles pulled off a miraculous 20-17 win against the San Diego Chargers when cornerback Matt Ware returned a blocked field goal for a touchdown in the fourth quarter. Fans hoped the play would “wake up” the Eagles and save the season similar to Brian Westbrook's fourth quarter punt return against the New York Giants in 2003. However, in the next week, the Eagles were unable to stop the running and passing attack of the Denver Broncos, losing 49-21. 
Week after week, Andy Reid had come under criticism for the Eagles' lack of dedication to a running game and overworking an injured Donovan McNabb, who was on pace to break the records for all-time passing attempts and completions. The Eagles had also allowed themselves to get behind in the first quarters of games, only to end up fighting from behind in the remaining quarters. Some analysts speculated the Eagles' problems were due to not finding replacements for former defensive linemen Corey Simon and Derrick Burgess, poor pass rush, poor special teams, and the contract disputes with Brian Westbrook and Terrell Owens, along with Owens' virtually weekly controversies. They had also been hindered by injuries to McNabb, Correll Buckhalter, Todd Pinkston, Lito Sheppard, Dirk Johnson, and David Akers.
On November 4, 2005, on ESPN, Terrell Owens criticized the Eagles front office for not recognizing his 100th touchdown catch. He also agreed with Michael Irvin's statement that the Eagles would be undefeated had Brett Favre been the quarterback. Despite Owens's apology the next day to the front office (but not to McNabb), he was suspended indefinitely. There were also reports that he got into a fist fight with Hugh Douglas and challenged other players in the locker room which contributed to his suspension. At Andy Reid's press conference after the Washington loss, he announced T.O. would no longer be playing this year for the Eagles due to conduct detrimental to the team.
Things only got worse for the Eagles. They lost a Sunday night match-up to their division rival, the Washington Redskins 17-10. Then, when they went home and played a rematch with their much-hated rival, the Cowboys, on "Monday Night Football", a late game interception by Roy Williams sealed their doom. Not only did they lose 21-20, but the already suffering Donovan McNabb got shoved to the ground, worsening his sports hernia and ending his season.
On November 20, former Detroit quarterback Mike McMahon was named the Eagles starter. However, his wild gun passing didn't do much to phase the Giants, as the Eagles went down again 27-17. Then, on November 21 Donovan McNabb announced that he would undergo surgery for his sports hernia. The Eagles would finish the season without at least eight of their projected starters heading into the season, including Pinkston, Hank Fraley, Dirk Johnson, and Pro Bowlers McNabb, Brian Westbrook, Lito Sheppard, Tra Thomas, and the exiled Owens.
Their next-to-last win of the season came a week later against the injury-ravaged Green Bay Packers 19-14. At a home game on December 5, on Monday Night Football, the Eagles retired #92, which had belonged to the late Reggie White. Unfortunately, they got shut out by the NFC West and eventful NFC champion Seattle Seahawks 42-0. Afterwards, they lost to the Giants at home 26-2. Their last win of the season came on the road against the St. Louis Rams 17-16. Then they lost their last two games of the season to the Arizona Cardinals on the road 27-21 and then at home to the wild card Washington Redskins 31-20. They ended their 2005 season at 6-10, which marked the first time since 1999 that the Eagles failed to make the playoffs.
After expectations of a return to the Super Bowl, it appeared the Eagles would have to retool in the 2006 off-season to make another run for the Vince Lombardi Trophy.
2006.
In 2006, the Eagles started off hot, beating the Houston Texans in Houston 24-10. And they kept the streak going, jumping to a 24-7 lead against the Giants before losing 30-24 in overtime. They won their next two games easily, beating the 49ers in San Francisco and then returning home to limit Brett Favre's Packers to three field goals. The Birds' 3-1 record set the stage for Terrell Owens' return to Philadelphia.
Owens return to Philadelphia was being promoted by Fox as the "game of the year". The game had more at stake, because the winner would take the lead in the NFC East. Owens received boos and jokes about his accidental overdose from a sell-out crowd. Lito Sheppard's game-winning interception for a touchdown sealed the game for the Eagles, 38-24.
McNabb's season was already considered one of the finest in Eagles history and his career. After the win against Owens' Cowboys, they faced the upstart New Orleans Saints, with critics claiming the winner would be the NFC favorite. The Eagles ended up losing 27-24 on a last second field goal. The next week at Tampa, the Eagles would once again lose on a last second field goal. This time the field goal was an improbable 62 yarder by Matt Bryant - the second longest in NFL History.
One week before their bye, the Eagles faced the Jacksonville Jaguars and failed to score a touchdown in a 13-6 loss. After their bye, they routed the Redskins, which not only kept Reid/McNabb perfect after the bye week, it put them back on track after three consecutive losses. The Birds were on a roll going into their match with Vince Young's Titans, but were dominated throughout the game, losing 31-13. The bigger loss however was Donovan McNabb - injured for the second straight year.
With Donovan McNabb going down to injury, the Eagles called on Jeff Garcia to lead the team. The move was a highly unpopular one, because fans believed A.J. Feeley was their best bet. After falling to Peyton Manning's Indianapolis Colts, the Eagles' record stood at 5-6, and they did not appear to be in playoff contention.
However, Garcia led the team to an improbable five-game winning streak, which included a three-game NFC East road trip and a Christmas showdown in Dallas. The Eagles finished the season 10-6, but lost the tie-breaker to the Saints, meaning they would be the third seed.
The Eagles won their home wild card game against the Giants 23-20, on a David Akers' field goal. The game officially sent Tiki Barber into retirement. Their divisional playoff game was a Week 6 rematch against the Saints. The Eagles lost by the same score as in the regular season: 27-24. Andy Reid made the controversial decision to punt with less than two minutes remaining.
2007.
2007 marked the Eagles' 75th season. McNabb delivered average performances, and missed three games due to an injury. The team only achieved an 8-8 record and missed the playoffs.
2008.
The beginning of 2008 presented a good opportunity for the Eagles. Donovan McNabb got a good start to the season, Brian Westbrook ran for many touchdowns, and rookie receiver DeSean Jackson became an important figure in the Eagles' passing game. However the Eagles went against the 1-8 Bengals in Week 10 and McNabb played horribly, throwing consistent interceptions and leading the Eagles to a ten-point deficit at the half. Despite being able to score those ten points, the game went into overtime. A Bengals missed field goal led to Eagles ball, but McNabb's 'Hail Mary' was deflected with seconds left in overtime, and the game ended in a 13-13 tie, the first since 2002. McNabb then sparked controversy by admitting that he was unaware that an NFL game could end in a tie.
Against Baltimore, things were even worse. At halftime, due to bad performance, McNabb was benched. However, the Eagles needed him, and it would show. His backup, Kevin Kolb, managed to get the Eagles to the Baltimore two-yard line; he then threw an interception in the end zone that was returned by Ed Reed for a record 107-yard touchdown.
By this time, it was obvious that the Eagles needed a good quarterback for the next week's match-up against the Arizona Cardinals, who for the first time in several decades seemed poised to win their division. The game was scheduled for Thanksgiving night, and the decision was eventually made to start Donovan McNabb, but if he played like he did in the last couple of weeks, he would probably be benched for the season. But McNabb surprised everyone and lead the Eagles to what was perhaps one of the greatest games in franchise history, a 48-21 blowout in which McNabb threw for four touchdowns. The Eagles went on a three game win streak following up the Cardinals victory with wins over the Giants and Browns. The Eagles then lost to a mediocre at best Redskins team, 10-3 and putting their post season prospects in serious doubt.
However, the Eagles were able to run over the Dallas Cowboys 44-6 on December 28, 2008 and advanced to the playoffs. The Eagles then defeated the Minnesota Vikings 26-14 in the first round of the playoffs on January 4, 2009. They defeated their division rival and the defending Super Bowl champions the New York Giants 23-11 in the NFC Divisional Round to advance to their fifth NFC Championship game in nine years. For the third time in a decade, an all-Pennsylvania Super Bowl seemed possible, as the Pittsburgh Steelers won the AFC Championship against the Baltimore Ravens. However, the Eagles lost 32-25 to the Arizona Cardinals.
2009.
In August, the team stirred up controversy by signing ex-Falcons quarterback Michael Vick, who had recently been released from prison for federal dogfighting charges. On the regular season opener against Carolina, McNabb sustained a broken rib and sat out the next two games, with Kevin Kolb taking his place as starter. Afterwards, Philadelphia endured a bad loss to New Orleans, but then beat Kansas City the following week. McNabb returned, and Vick also began playing (as he had been barred from the first two games). He got off to a slow start and was used sparingly for much of the season. After a 13-9 loss in Oakland, the Eagles defeated the Redskins 27-17 on "Monday Night Football". During this game, running back Brian Westbrook suffered a severe concussion and was knocked unconscious. He returned to play in the Week 10 game against San Diego, but was felled by a second concussion. Afterwards, Philadelphia went on a five-game winning streak and clinching a playoff berth after defeating the Broncos in Week 16, which marked Brian Westbrook's return to action after an absence of five weeks. However, the season ended with a whimper, as they were shut out by a resurgent Cowboys squad the following week. This put Dallas at the top of the NFC East and giving the Eagles a wild card spot. The two teams then had to play again the following week, but Philadelphia went down to defeat a second time, the score being 34-14.
2010.
On January 11, 2010, General Manager Tom Heckert was hired by the Cleveland Browns in the same role. He was replaced by Howie Roseman, who was promoted from Vice President of Player Personnel. On February 23, 2010 the Eagles released starting running back Brian Westbrook, Eagles' all-time leader in yards from scrimmage with 9,785 yards.
A bigger surprise came on Easter Sunday, when the team traded quarterback Donovan McNabb to their division rival Washington Redskins for a second-round (37th overall) pick in the 2010 NFL Draft, and a third- or fourth-round pick in the 2011 NFL Draft. Kevin Kolb was named team's starting quarterback.
The Kolb era did not begin on a positive note as the Eagles donned their throwback kelly green jerseys and hosted the Green Bay Packers in their opening game as both teams performed poorly in the first half, although that was partially because of weather conditions and damaged turf in Lincoln Financial Field. Kolb was thrown to the ground by Packers linebacker Clay Matthews and was forced to sit out the game after it was determined that he suffered a concussion. Five other Packers and Eagles players were also injured in the game. Michael Vick replaced Kolb, but the Packers ended up winning the game, 27-20, the Packers' first win in Philadelphia since 1962 and their first-ever win on Lincoln Financial Field.
With Vick taking over as starter, the Eagles traveled and defeated the Detroit Lions 35-32 in week 2 with Vick's impressive performance in the team's offense. Although Kolb was presumed to be the starter after he recovered from injury, Andy Reid named Vick as the starting quarterback instead. The team then traveled to Jacksonville. Vick scored four touchdowns (three passing and one rushing) and no interceptions in a 28-3 rout of the Jaguars.
Week 4 saw the return of McNabb to Philadelphia. He was generally given a warm reception, and the Redskins got a touchdown early in the first quarter. After that, both offenses sputtered and the Eagles had to settle for two field goals. But things rapidly fell apart when Vick was injured late in the first quarter with chest and rib injuries he suffered when two Redskins defensive backs crushed him from both sides while running near to the endzone. Kolb was once again brought out as starter, but delivered an uninspired performance. He did manage a touchdown pass in the fourth quarter, but it was too little too late. A two-point conversion attempt after the touchdown failed, and Washington won 16-12. Afterward, Vick was diagnosed with cracked cartilage and forced to sit out at least one game.
With Kolb starting, the Eagles headed to San Francisco for a "Sunday Night Football" match against the 0-4 49ers. Kolb passed for 253 yards and one touchdown to lead his team to a 27-24 victory. Philadelphia won its first home game in week 6 by overpowering the Falcons 31-17. Kolb continued to improve, passing for 326 yards, three touchdown passes, and one interception. However, he was not able to sustain this momentum in the week 8 game against Tennessee, throwing two interceptions and only one touchdown. The Eagles lost 37-19 to enter their bye week at 3-3 and once again Vick was brought out as starter prior to hosting Indianapolis in week 10. This game proved an intense, highly physical contest as Vick scored two touchdowns (one passing and one rushing) and Philadelphia overcame stubborn resistance by the Colts to win 27-24. Afterwards, the Eagles headed to Washington, where, for the second year in a row, they faced the Redskins on "Monday Night Football". Philadelphia quickly marched out to two touchdowns in the first quarter, putting them up at 14-0 within five minutes. By the second quarter, they had scored another two, leading by 28 points. Four more touchdowns followed in a 59-28 blowout of Washington. All in all, there were eight (four passing, three rushing, and one interception return), six of which were from Michael Vick, who had 333 passing and 80 rushing yards for one of the finest performances of his career.
For the third season in a row, the Eagles traveled to Chicago, a team that Michael Vick had a career 0-4 record against. This time would be no different as the Bears' defense slowed him down to win 31-26. Vick also threw his first interception of the season. The Eagles rebounded with a Thursday game against Houston. Despite winning 34-24, Philadelphia's defense turned in a relatively mediocre performance, which may have had to do with the fact that the team had played four games in a 17-day stretch.
On Sunday Night in Week 15, the Eagles headed to Dallas for a game with their arch-rivals. However, the Cowboys were a considerably weaker team than when they defeated Philadelphia three times in 2009. Their QB Tony Romo was out of commission from an injury, they had had their head coach Wade Phillips fired halfway through the season, and they were barely clinging to life at 4-9. Michael Vick delivered an average performance, although one of the game's highlights was a 90-yard TD pass to Desean Jackson. Although Andy Reid had gained a reputation as a pass-happy coach, the Eagles' scoring was mainly based on run plays and long field goals. Despite a close game, they prevailed 30-27 and eliminated Dallas from playoff contention.
In Week 15, the Eagles beat New York in a shocking upset by overcoming a 21-point deficit in the second half. In the closing seconds of the game, Desean Jackson returned a punt 65 yards for a touchdown to win 38-31. This became known as the "Miracle at the New Meadowlands". After locking up their first division title in four years, the Eagles played a surprisingly bad game against Minnesota and lost. The team lost a meaningless season ender against Dallas before preparing to host Green Bay again in the wild card round of the playoffs. Despite playing the Packers hard, Philadelphia's first home playoff game since 2006 ended in defeat 21-16 as Vick threw a hail mary interception in the closing minute of the 4th quarter. Pro bowler David Akers, who had one of the best seasons ever by a kicker, also contributed to the loss having a rare poor game going 1 for 3, missing from 34 & 41 yards.
2011: "Dream Team".
The off-season was marred by a lockout that began in March after the NFL's collective bargaining agreement expired, making practices, trades, and free agency impossible. During the draft, the Eagles did comparatively little. After the lockout ended in July, the team embarked on a rash of high profile FA signings, including Raiders CB Nnamdi Asomugha, Dolphins RB Ronnie Brown, Giants WR Steve Smith, Packers TE Donald Lee, Titans DE Jason Babin, Packers DT Cullen Jenkins, and Cardinals CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie. Meanwhile, Kevin Kolb, displeased at losing the starting QB job to Michael Vick in 2010, was traded to Arizona for Cromartie. Replacing him as 2nd-stringer was ex-Titans QB Vince Young. Vince Young made a lot of hype by calling Philadelphia the "Dream Team".
Although the Eagles won their 2011 opener in St. Louis, the Dream Team failed to deliver as Michael Vick fell victim to injuries and turnovers. The Eagles lost four straight games. With Vince Young taking over, Philadelphia beat the Washington Redskins at last in Week 6. In Week 8, Vick returned to help crush the Cowboys at home 34-7. After further losses to Chicago and Arizona, the Eagles beat the New York Giants and then fell to New England and Seattle before winning their final four matches and finishing 8-8.
2012: 4-12 4 '12.
The Eagles entered 2012 with strong hopes after winning their last 4 games of last season. When the team started 3-1, including a 24-23 victory over the eventual Super Bowl champion Baltimore Ravens, the fans were thinking playoffs, even Super Bowl. However, these hopes came to a crashing halt as the team lost their next 8 and 11 of their next 12 to finish 4-12, their worst record since 1998. The Eagles proceeded to fire Andy Reid, the longest-tenured and winningest coach in team history. Reid would later join the Kansas City Chiefs as head coach. The team would later hire University of Oregon coach Chip Kelly, who led the Ducks to 3 straight BCS bowls, including the 2011 BCS Championship Game. Kelly led the team to a 10-6 record and an NFC Eastern Division title in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2898746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898746" title="Andrea Appiani">
Andrea Appiani

Andrea Appiani (31 May 1754 – 8 November 817) was an Italian neoclassical painter.
He was born in Milan. He had been intended to follow his father's career in medicine but instead entered the private academy of the painter Carlo Maria Giudici (1723–1804). He received instruction in drawing, copying mainly from sculpture and prints. He then joined the class of the fresco painter Antonio de' Giorgi, which was held at the Ambrosiana picture gallery in Milan. He also frequented the studio of Martin Knoller, where he deepened his knowledge of painting in oils; and he studied anatomy at the Ospedale Maggiore in Milan with the sculptor Gaetano Monti.
His interest in aesthetic issues was stimulated by the classical poet Giuseppe Parini, whom he drew in two fine pencil portraits. In 1776 he entered the Brera Academy of Fine Arts to follow the painting courses of Giulio Traballesi, from whom he received a mastery of the fresco technique. Among his masterpieces are the frescoes (1795) depicting the four evangelists and doctors of the church that he painted for the cupola and pendentives for the church of Santa Maria presso San Celso. Another masterpiece are the frescoes depicting "Allegories of Virtues" and others honoring Napoleon in the rooms of the Royal Palace of Milan.
He was made pensioned artist to the Kingdom of Italy by Napoleon, but lost his allowance after the events of 1814 and fell into poverty. During his stint as court painter he rendered portraits of Napoleon and the chief personages of his regime. Among the most graceful of his oil paintings are his "Venus and Love", and "Rinaldo in the garden of Armida". He is known as "the elder", to distinguish him from his great-nephew Andrea Appiani, an historical painter at Rome. Other painters of the same name were Niccolò Appiani and Francesco Appiani.
He painted for a church in Alzano, a large canvas of the "Encounter of Rachel and Jacob". The Brera has a fresco by Appiani representing Olympus.
He died at Milan in 1817. Among his pupils are Antonio De Antoni, Carlo Prajer, Angelo Monticelli, and Giuseppe Bossi.

</doc>
<doc id="2898750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898750" title="Arjun">
Arjun

Arjun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898752" title="Sonic the Hedgehog (series)">
Sonic the Hedgehog (series)

Sonic Team has since developed many titles in the franchise. Prominent members of its initial staff included Naka, designer Naoto Ohshima and game planner Hirokazu Yasuhara. Other developers of "Sonic" games have included the American Sega Technical Institute, Japanese Dimps, American Backbone Entertainment, Canadian BioWare, British Sumo Digital and British Traveller's Tales. While the first games in the series were platform games, the series has expanded into other genres such as action-adventure, fighting, racing, role-playing, and sports.
History.
Premise.
Almost all games in the series feature a blue hedgehog named Sonic as the central player character and protagonist. The games detail Sonic and his allies' attempt to save the world from various threats, primarily the evil genius Dr. Ivo "Eggman" Robotnik, the main antagonist of the series. Robotnik's aim is to rule the planet; to achieve this, he usually attempts to destroy Sonic and to acquire the powerful Chaos Emeralds.
Sega Genesis and add-on devices (1991–1996).
The first "Sonic" game, titled "Sonic the Hedgehog", was a platform game released in 1991 that featured protagonist Sonic running through the game's levels in order to stop Doctor Robotnik from taking over the world. The game focused Sonic's ability to run and to jump at high speeds with the use of springs, checkpoints, and loops. Its sequel, "Sonic the Hedgehog 2", a platform game released in 1992, increased the overall size and speed of the series' gameplay and was the second best-selling Genesis game of all time. The game introduced Sonic's sidekick, Miles "Tails" Prower, who followed Sonic throughout the game, and allowed a second player to control him in a limited fashion. and the "spin dash" maneuver, which allowed Sonic to boost forwards quickly when stopped. The next sequel, "Sonic the Hedgehog 3", was a third platform game in the "Sonic" series released in 1994. The game introduced a temporary shield maneuver, added new shield types to the series, and allowed Tails to fly under a player's control. It also introduced a new character, Knuckles the Echidna, who served as an additional antagonist with Doctor Robotnik for the game. "Sonic & Knuckles", another platform game in the "Sonic series", was released later in 1994. The game introduced Knuckles as a playable character with gliding and wall climbing abilities and allowed gamers to plug in "Sonic the Hedgehog 3" to the top of the "Sonic and Knuckles" cartridge as part of the game's "lock on" functionality. This allowed gamers to play the game as it was originally intended; the games were intended to be one title, but were split due to space and time constraints.
There were several "Sonic" games for the Genesis that were not 2D platform games. "Sonic the Hedgehog Spinball", released in 1993, was a pinball simulation modeled after the Spring Yard and Casino Night Zones from the first two "Sonic" games. The game, unlike general pinball simulations, had an overall goal of collecting all the Chaos Emeralds in each level and defeating the levels' bosses. It was one of the few video games that had elements from the cartoons "Sonic the Hedgehog" and "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog". "Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine" was a puzzle game similar to "Puyo Puyo" that was set in the "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog" universe. "Sonic 3D Blast", an isometric, 2.5D platform game released in 1996 and developed by Traveller's Tales, featured Sonic running through pseudo-3D environments while trying to rescue Flickies from Doctor Robotnik.
The Sega Genesis had "add-on" systems that incorporated "Sonic" titles. "Sonic CD", released for the Sega CD, was a 2D platform game released in 1993. The game introduced the characters Amy Rose and Metal Sonic and featured levels that differed depending upon whether Sonic was in the past, present, or future time frames. "Knuckles Chaotix", a spin-off released in 1995 for the Sega 32X, featured Knuckles and a new group named Chaotix fighting against Dr. Robotnik. The game featured a two-player cooperative system in which the on-screen characters were connected by magic rings. There was also "Sonic Eraser", a puzzle game released exclusively on Meganet.
Sega Master System and Game Gear (1991–1996).
Due to the success of "Sonic" games on the Sega Genesis, the series was introduced to the Sega Master System and Sega Game Gear. Sega began by releasing "Sonic the Hedgehog", a 2D platform game, in 1991. The game featured Sonic's ability to run and to jump at high speeds like its Mega Drive/Genesis counterpart but with notably different level design and music. Sega later released "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" another 2D platform game, in 1992. The game differed from its Genesis counterpart with different levels and music and by not including a "spin dash" maneuver. It also featured a different storyline in which Doctor Robotnik kidnaps Tails, who is non-playable in the Master System/Game Gear version. "Sonic Chaos"/"Sonic and Tails" (Japan), released in 1993, was similar to the earlier two Sega Master System/Game Gear "Sonic" games, but featured Tails as a playable character. A sequel, "Sonic Triple Trouble"/"Sonic and Tails 2" (Japan), a 2D platform game, was released in 1994 for the Game Gear and introduced a new character, Nack the Weasel, who, along with Knuckles and Doctor Robotnik, raced to collect the Chaos Emeralds. One of the last games for the Sega Game Gear, "Sonic Blast", was released in 1996 and featured prerendered sprites.
Several spin-off "Sonic" games that were not 2D platform games were also released. "Sonic Labyrinth", released for Game Gear in 1995, featured an isometric view and slower exploration-based gameplay that resulted from Robotnik's replacing Sonic's shoes with "Speed Down Boots." "Sonic Drift" was a kart racer released in 1994. It later had a sequel, "Sonic Drift 2", which was released in 1995. Tails also received two spin-offs. "Tails' Skypatrol", released in 1995, allowed players to control an always-flying Tails. "Tails Adventure", released in 1995, featured a mix of platforming and RPG elements.
Sega Saturn (1996–1997).
Few "Sonic" games were released for the Sega Saturn, and none were a standard platform game originally made for the system. "Sonic 3D" was released in 1996 alongside the Mega Drive version. Like its Mega Drive counterpart, the Saturn edition used isometric, 2.5D graphics, but it added FMV cut-scenes, enhanced music and visual effects, and a real-time 3D special stage. "Sonic Jam", a compilation released for the Saturn in 1997, contained the original "Sonic the Hedgehog", "Sonic the Hedgehog 2", "Sonic the Hedgehog 3", and "Sonic & Knuckles", as well as a "Sonic World" mode, which allowed the player to control Sonic in a small 3D world. The Sonic World was mainly a means of accessing the disc's multimedia features, which included character artwork, the soundtrack, and Japanese Sonic videos. "Sonic R", a foot racing spin-off and also the "Sonic" series' first fully 3D game, was released in 1997 for the Saturn and ported to the PC in 1998.
The Sega Technical Institute attempted to develop a Sonic game for the Saturn called "Sonic X-treme". It was originally intended to compete with Nintendo's "Super Mario 64" and Sony's "Crash Bandicoot". However, due to time constraints and issues between STI, the Japanese division of Sega, and Sonic Team, the project was canceled in the latter months of 1996.
Dreamcast (1998–2001).
Sega Dreamcast sales began to decline after the launch of the PlayStation 2; and therefore few "Sonic" games were released for the system. "Sonic Adventure", then a launch title for the Dreamcast, was released in November 1998 in Japan and September 1999 in North America. The game was the first in the series to feature voice acting. "Sonic Adventure" was re-released for the GameCube and PC as "Sonic Adventure DX: Director's Cut" in 2003 and, in late 2010, ported to Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network. Its sequel "Sonic Adventure 2" was released for the Dreamcast in 2001, and was the last game in the series to be released for the Sega platform. In 2002 it became the first game in the series to appear on a Nintendo platform when it was ported – with several enhancements – to the GameCube as "", and in October 2012 it was ported to Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network with a version released on Steam in November the same year.
The only other Dreamcast "Sonic" game was "Sonic Shuffle", which was released in 2000 and featured cel-shaded graphics and a board game concept similar to that of the "Mario Party" series.
"Sonic the Hedgehog Pocket Adventure" was also released on SNK's Neo Geo Pocket Color portable console, made in the same style of the Genesis/Mega Drive era of games.
Game Boy Advance (2001–2006).
Sonic's transition to the Game Boy Advance was completed with "Sonic Advance", the first original Sonic title released for a Nintendo console. The game featured 2D platforming, similar to the original Genesis titles, and new gameplay mechanics from more recent "Sonic" titles as well, such as grinding on rails. It was released in late 2001 in Japan and early 2002 elsewhere, and ported to Nokia's N-Gage on October 7, 2003, as "SonicN". Two sequels, "Sonic Advance 2" and "Sonic Advance 3", followed in March 2003 and June 2004, respectively.
Between "Sonic Advance 2" and "Sonic Advance 3", two other Sonic games were released: "Sonic Battle", a 3D fighting game, and "Sonic Pinball Party", a pinball simulation. The last Sonic game was released for the Game Boy Advance is "Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis" on 2006, which features the original Genesis game and the 15-anniversary mode with the Spin Dash.
GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox (2002–2008).
After the Dreamcast, Sega ceased producing its own video game hardware, focusing solely on manufacturing software for the Nintendo GameCube, followed by releases for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
The first game released for the GameCube was ', followed by ', each ports from the Dreamcast. Sega later released "Sonic Heroes", the first Sonic game made for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox. It was released on all three systems on December 30, 2003 in Japan, with American and European releases following soon after. The game was similar to that of the "Adventure" games, although the player now controlled the lead character of a team of three, with the other two following behind. The player could then switch to a new leader at any time in order to use that character's special abilities.
"Shadow the Hedgehog" was released in late 2005 in North America and was used a similar more advanced engine that "Sonic Heroes" used. It focused on Shadow the Hedgehog as he tried to uncover his past. The game contained multiple paths and endings, as the player chose to take good or evil paths for each level. It also added wielding weapons and driving vehicles to 3D platforming.
"Sonic Riders" was the first "Sonic" racing game since "Sonic R"; in contrast to the previous title, the characters used hoverboards, bikes, and skates rather than racing on foot.
Due to the extended life cycle of the PlayStation 2, it also received ports of "" and "Sonic Unleashed".
DS, PSP (2005–2010).
Two Sonic games appeared on the PlayStation Portable: "Sonic Rivals" and its sequel, "Sonic Rivals 2". Both titles were 2.5D style games.
There were a number of different "Sonic" games released for the Nintendo DS. The first was "Sonic Rush", released in 2005, featuring gameplay similar to the "Sonic Advance" series. It received a sequel, "Sonic Rush Adventure", in 2007, which featured some additional new elements, such as the driving of jet skis and submarines. "Sonic Colors", released in November 2010, expanded further on the "Rush" series gameplay with the addition of the use of "Wisps", which gave Sonic various new power-ups and gimmicks.
Along with the Wii, the DS saw the beginning of the Mario and Sonic crossover games. The first, "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games", was released in late 2007, and featured characters from both series competing in Olympic-themed mini-games. Its sequel, "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games", was released in October 2009, and featured an emphasis on winter-based sports.
"", a spin-off released in September 2008, was a turn-based role playing game developed by BioWare.
Wii, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 (2006–2012).
During this timeframe, Sega took the franchise in a number of different directions. First was "Sonic the Hedgehog (2006 video game)", which was released in November 2006 for the Xbox 360 and December 2006 for the PlayStation 3. It continued in the "Sonic Adventure" direction, but was heavily criticized for being sloppy and rushed for the launch window of both consoles. "Sonic Unleashed" was released in 2008 for the Xbox 360, Wii, PS2 and PS3. While possessing the same name and rough themes, the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions were markedly different games from the Wii and PS2 versions.
While the prior game in the era continued the use of numerous playable characters and play styles, the following games would return to only have Sonic playable. ', an episodic high-definition 2D game akin to the 16-bit Sonic games, was developed for the PlayStation Network, Xbox Live Arcade, WiiWare. ' was released in 2012 for PlayStation Network, Xbox Live, Android, iOS, and Windows Phones. "Sonic Colors" a game for the Wii, was released in November 2010. It introduced a power-up system in the form of alien beings called "Wisps". "Sonic Generations" was developed by Sonic Team for Xbox 360, PS3, PC and Dimps for Nintendo 3DS which was released in November 2011, featuring both modern and classic interpretations of Sonic.
During this time, the franchise also moved into several new spin-off series. The "Storybook" series, which combines Sonic gameplay with the story and setting of famous books, comprises two games only released for the Wii: "Sonic and the Secret Rings" (released in 2007) and "Sonic and the Black Knight" (released in 2009).
Another spin-off series resulted from Sega's collaboration with Nintendo and their "Mario" series of video games. In the "Mario & Sonic" titles, characters from the "Sonic" and "Mario" universes compete in Olympic Games-themed minigames. The three games in this series are "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games" (released November 2007), "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games" (October 2009) and "Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games" (November 2011). Separately from that series, Sega also collaborated with Nintendo to include Sonic the Hedgehog in their 2008 Wii fighting game "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".
"Sonic Free Riders" was released in November 2010 as a follow-up to the "Sonic Riders" series, and was developed exclusively for Xbox 360's Kinect system. Also "Sega Superstars Tennis" for the Wii, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2 and Nintendo DS was released in 2008 and "Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing" for the Wii, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Nintendo DS and PC and iOS was released in 2010, followed by a sequel in 2012.
3DS, Vita, iOS and Android (2011–present).
Even early in the system's lifecycle, a number of Sonic games were announced for the Nintendo 3DS. At E3 2010, an untitled "Sonic" game was announced for the system, which later turned out to be a portable version of "Sonic Generations". A third installment of the Sonic and Mario crossover series, "Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games" was also released for the 3DS. "Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed" was released for the 3DS in February 2013, and for the PlayStation Vita in November 2012.
In October 2012, "Sonic Jump" was released on iOS, and in March 2013, "Sonic Dash" was released.
In May 2013, Sega announced that a version of "Sonic Lost World" would be released on the 3DS.
Wii U (2013–present).
In May 2013, Sega announced a partnership with Nintendo, under which the next three Sonic titles would be developed exclusively for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U, with Nintendo also publishing the titles in Europe and Australia. This includes "Sonic Lost World", a new platform game; "Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games"; and "Sonic Boom", a game based on the new "Sonic Boom" franchise. The character Sonic the Hedgehog has also since been confirmed as a returning fighter in the upcoming "Super Smash Bros." game for Wii U and Nintendo 3DS.
Common features.
Rings.
One distinctive feature of "Sonic" games are the collectible golden rings spread throughout the levels. This gameplay device allows players possessing at least one ring to survive upon sustaining damage from an enemy or hazardous object; instead of dying, the player's rings are scattered. In most "Sonic" games, a hit causes the player to lose all of the rings, although in certain games a hit only costs a set number of rings such as ten or twenty. When the rings are scattered, the player has a short amount of time to recollect some of them before they disappear.
Some causes of death cannot be prevented by holding a ring, including being crushed, falling into a bottomless pit, drowning, and running out of time.
In line with many platform games, collecting 100 rings usually rewards Sonic or any other playable character with an extra life. Certain games in the series often reward the collection of 50 rings with Chaos Emeralds, access to the Special Stages in which the Chaos Emeralds may be obtained, or utilization of a character's super transformation.
Rings have had other uses in various games as well, such as currency ("Sonic Adventure 2"), restoring health bars, ("Sonic Unleashed") or improving statistics ("Sonic Riders").
Chaos Emeralds.
The Chaos Emeralds are, in most games, seven emeralds with mystical powers; they are a recurring feature of "Sonic" games. The emeralds can turn thoughts into power, warp time and space with a technique called Chaos Control, give energy to all living things and be used to create nuclear or laser based weaponry.
They are the basis of many of the games' plots, and the player is frequently required to collect them all to fully defeat Doctor Eggman and achieve the games' "good endings", super forms, or both. The methods used to acquire the Emeralds and the end-results after collecting them differ between titles in the series. Most early games require the player to find the emeralds in Special Stages, while some modern games implement the emeralds as a plot element. In certain games, such as "Sonic R" and the 8-bit versions of "Sonic the Hedgehog" and "Sonic the Hedgehog 2", the player is required to find the Chaos Emeralds within the zones themselves.
The Master Emerald was introduced in "Sonic & Knuckles" as a plot element. It resides in a shrine on Angel Island and is guarded by Knuckles the Echidna, as only those of the Echidna Tribe are able to control it. The power of the Master Emerald is what keeps Angel Island afloat in the sky. It can control the power of the Chaos Emeralds, including neutralizing or amplifying their energies.
Special Stages.
Usually, Special Stages were employed as a means of earning Chaos Emeralds. Special Stages usually take place in surreal environments and feature alternate gameplay mechanics to the standard platforming of the main levels. The 16-bit "Sonic the Hedgehog " consisted of a giant rotating maze, which many considered a major technical achievement. The most common special stages, however, were segments with the character running through a long tunnel to collect certain items. 3D "collect item" levels, as in "Sonic 3" and "Sonic & Knuckles", used the same perspective but had Sonic collecting all the blue-colored orbs on the surface of a giant sphere. Finally, "Sonic Advance 2" employed a 3D ring-collecting stage, and "Sonic Chaos" ("Sonic and Tails" in Japan) used a variety of gimmicks for its levels.
Since Emeralds of the 8-bit version of "Sonic the Hedgehog" were hidden in the main stages, the game's spring-filled Special Stages were merely used as a means of adding variety, increasing score and earning continues. Similarly, "Sonic 3 & Knuckles", in addition to the main Special Stages, featured entirely optional bonus stages, one of which combined the rotating maze of "Sonic the Hedgehog" with the pinball gambling of "Sonic the Hedgehog 2". "Sonic Heroes" contained an alternate Special Stage for a chance of earning additional lives.
Super transformation.
A super transformation is a state certain characters go into that gives them incredible speed, near-invincibility and a change in color. In some games, characters are still vulnerable to being crushed, drowning, falling into a pit or running out of time. Depending on the type of transformation, the condition to attain such a form is an individual making contact with all of the Chaos Emeralds, the Sol Emeralds, or the Master Emerald.
Super transformations first appeared in "Sonic the Hedgehog 2", where Sonic transforms into Super Sonic if all seven Chaos Emeralds and fifty or more rings are held at the same time. While in Super Sonic form, one ring is lost for every second that passes, and Sonic reverts to normal if the number of rings drops to zero. In "Sonic 3 & Knuckles", Tails can also transform after gaining all seven Chaos Emeralds and Super Emeralds. Sonic and Knuckles can also transform into their hyper counterparts with the Super Emeralds.
In most 3D Sonic games starting with "Sonic Adventure", Chaos Emeralds are collected in non-interactive cut scenes as part of the story, with Super Sonic and other super characters only appearing in the final boss fights. Most 2D "Sonic" platform games, like the "Advance" and "Rush" series, have retained the gameplay-based emerald collecting, but still have Super Sonic only playable in the "Extra" boss battles. Recent games such as ', "Sonic Colors","Sonic Generations",and ' once again allow players to play as Super Sonic during normal stages, provided they have all the Chaos Emeralds.
Sonic the Hedgehog, Miles "Tails" Prower, Knuckles the Echidna, Metal Sonic, Shadow the Hedgehog, Blaze the Cat, and Silver the Hedgehog, are the characters that are known to be able to perform super transformations. Metal Sonic can also use the Master Emerald or Chaos Emeralds to turn Super, and Blaze, instead of using the Chaos Emeralds, uses the Sol Emeralds (her dimension's equivalent).
Item boxes.
These are containers hold power-ups and appear frequently throughout the stages. An icon on each box indicates what it contains, and the player releases the item by destroying the box. In the early games, item boxes resembled television sets and could only be destroyed with an attack; in later titles, they became transparent capsule-like objects easily destroyed with one touch. Common items in boxes include rings, a barrier (or shield), invincibility, high speed (or power sneakers) and 1-ups.
Ring boxes have a ring in the middle. When opened, they add a set amount of rings to the player's total.
The barrier is a spherical energy shield which surrounds and protects the player's character from one attack; when hit, the barrier is lost instead of rings or a life. In "Sonic 3", additional barriers were introduced which gave the player special abilities, such as the ability to magnetically attract rings and double jump, breathe underwater, resist fire.
Invincibility temporarily protects against damage done by enemies and obstacles, and allows the player to destroy enemies by touching them and not lose any rings. Death from crushing, falling, drowning and time-ups, however, are still possible.
High speed boxes give the player character enhanced speed for a limited time.
1-up boxes display the face of the player's character and give the player one extra life. In the event that a player loses a stage, this enables the player to restart the level at the starting point, or, if one has been passed, close to the last checkpoint. Multiple lives can be collected, generally up to 99.
Other item boxes featured include a box with Robotnik's face on it, which cause damage to whoever opens it, a "teleport box" ("Sonic 2's" 2-player mode only), which swapped both players' positions, and a skateboard box ("Sonic Generations" only), which allows the player to ride a skateboard for a short time.
Giant Rings.
Giant rings (Warp Rings) were featured in a few Sonic games, mainly from the 16-bit era. Rather than collecting them, as is the case with the smaller ones, they served as a portal to enter a Special Stage, where the player could collect one of the Chaos Emeralds. In "Sonic the Hedgehog 3", if all Emeralds have already been found, touching them rewards the player fifty rings. In most games since "Sonic Adventure 2", these giant rings serve as the end level marker, which ends the level upon touching it.
Checkpoints.
Checkpoints are items placed throughout the stages in "Sonic" games which serve mainly as progress markers. If the player runs through one, their progress through a level is "saved". If the player then loses a life on the same stage, they will start over at the last checkpoint passed. Checkpoints also serve other uses in various games, such as entering Special Stages in "Sonic the Hedgehog 2", and leveling up in "Sonic Heroes". In the 2D games, checkpoints take the appearance of posts, while in 3D games they are either small gates or pads on the ground.
Springs.
Springs are a staple in the "Sonic" series. They are scattered throughout the levels and serve to catapult the player at high speeds in a particular direction. Sometimes they allow the player to proceed further in the level, while other times they are used to hinder the player, usually by sending Sonic towards a dangerous area. "Sonic Unleashed" in particular features springs with Dr. Eggman's face on them that launch Sonic towards danger or hinder his progress. Springs serve as one of Sonic's special moves in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".
Animals.
In addition to anthropomorphic animals, the "Sonic" universe is also populated with more conventional animals. These small animals are often used by Dr. Eggman as "organic batteries" to power his robot armies. The trapped animals can usually be freed by hitting the robot and destroying its metal case. In "Sonic Adventure" and "Sonic Adventure 2", the small animals can be given to Chao, altering their appearance and attributes.
A Flicky is one of the most prominently used animals in Eggman's experiments. This small bird's first appearance in a game predates Sonic. Flicky and its respective game were alluded to in "Sonic 3D Blast".
Music.
Numerous composers have contributed music to the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. Masato Nakamura of J-pop band Dreams Come True was responsible for the music of the first two 16-bit games. "Ys"/"Streets of Rage" composer Yuzo Koshiro composed the tunes for the first 8-bit title, except for what was retained from the 16-bit version.
Sega's in-house music company, Wave Master, composed the majority of the music in later titles. One Wave Master employee, Jun Senoue, is a member of the band Crush 40, and through his ties to the band they have played the main theme tunes of both of the "Sonic Adventure" games, "Sonic Heroes", "Shadow the Hedgehog" and "Sonic and the Black Knight". "Heroes" and "Shadow the Hedgehog" also featured other bands, such as Julien-K. For the 2006 "Sonic the Hedgehog" game, Senoue and Crush 40 performed a remix of "All Hail Shadow" to play as Shadow the Hedgehog's theme for the game.
Richard Jacques, a frequent composer of music for Sega games, contributed to the soundtracks of "Sonic R", the Saturn/PC version of "Sonic 3D Blast: Flickies' Island" and most recently, "Sonic and the Black Knight". Runblebee has performed songs for Sonic games such as "Sonic Riders" and "Sonic and the Secret Rings", and Steve Conte performed the "Sonic and the Secret Rings" main theme, "Seven Rings In Hand", as well as its ending theme "Worth A Chance".
On several recent games, well-known artists have contributed music to the series. For example, Bowling for Soup lead singer Jaret Reddick performed "Endless Possibility", the main theme of "Sonic Unleashed", and former Megadeth guitarist Marty Friedman played on "With Me", the final boss theme for "Sonic and the Black Knight". Cash Cash lead singer Jean-Paul Makhlouf performed the opening theme to "Sonic Colors" called "Reach for the Stars" as well as the ending theme "Speak with your Heart" with band member Alex Makhlouf.
Other media.
Animation.
A number of cartoons have been made based on the "Sonic the Hedgehog" video games. 
"Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog".
DIC Entertainment's "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog" was an American animated television series that was first broadcast in September 1993, and ran in cartoon syndication for a number of years afterward. It follows the escapades of Sonic and Tails as they stop the evil Dr. Ivo Robotnik and his array of vicious robots from taking over the planet Mobius. The plots very loosely followed the style of the early video games series, but focused very little on character development.
"Sonic the Hedgehog".
DIC also produced the second cartoon series, called "Sonic the Hedgehog" (referred to as "Sonic SatAM" by fans to distinguish it from "Adventures"), which originally aired from September 1993 to June 1995. While "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog" is known for its bright colors and whimsical humor, "Sonic the Hedgehog" featured darker, more dramatic stories which still constitute a departure from the tone of most of the "Sonic" games. This adaptation follows Sonic and his fellow 'Freedom Fighters' who attempt to liberate Mobius from the grip of Robotnik, who plans to robotocise everything. The "Sonic the Hedgehog" comic book series by Archie Comics uses several characters from this series.
"Sonic Underground".
The cartoon "Sonic Underground" ran for 40 episodes in 1999, but bore little relation to other cartoons or video games. The last Sonic series from DIC Entertainment, produced by Les Studios Tex, the show has a similar premise to "Sonic the Hedgehog", albeit in this version, Sonic is joined by two siblings, Manic and Sonia. Together they use the power of music to fight against Robotnik and eventually reunite with their mother.
"Sonic X".
The anime series "Sonic X", produced by TMS Entertainment, is the longest-running animated series based on Sonic to date, spanning three seasons and 78 episodes. Bearing much more similarity to the video game franchise, the series revolves around Sonic, his companions, and his enemies, being warped to the human world, where Sonic meets a boy named Chris Thorndyke, who helps him and his friends fight against Robotnik. The series originally aired in Japan between 2003 and 2004, though a third season aired first in 2005 elsewhere and never in Japan, and was licensed in North America and other countries by 4Kids Entertainment.
"Sonic Boom".
In October 2013, Sega announced on its blog that a new computer animated series, titled "Sonic Boom", is being produced by Genao Productions and will begin airing 11-minute episodes on Cartoon Network in Fall 2014. On February 6, 2014, Sega announced that "Sonic Boom" will become a separate franchise in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" universe. The new franchise will include a new "Sonic Boom" video game to preclude the TV series, and it will use redesigns of all the major characters exclusively within the franchise.
Film.
"Sonic the Hedgehog: The Movie".
A two-episode OVA series under the same name based upon the game "Sonic the Hedgehog CD" and the video game series as a whole, was released in Japan in 1996. The episodes were combined and released in North America in 1999 under the name "". Unlike the games, the film takes place on a world named Planet Freedom. It was the first to introduce an animated appearance of Knuckles the Echidna.
"Wreck-It Ralph".
Sonic, Tails and Eggman also appear in the 2012 Disney animated movie, "Wreck-It Ralph". In the movie, Sonic has a small speaking role, voiced by Roger Craig Smith, Tails briefly appear as an image, while Eggman makes a non-speaking appearance as part of Bad Anon, the support group for video game villains.
Theatrical film.
On June 10, 2014, a film based on the "Sonic" series was announced. It is being produced by Neal Moritz on his Original Film banner alongside Takeshi Ito and Mie Onishi, Toby Ascher is executive producing, written by Evan Susser and Van Robichaux and produced as a joint venture between Sony Pictures and Marza Animation Planet. The film is expected to be a live-action and CGI hybrid.
Comics.
A number of Sonic the Hedgehog comic books and manga have been produced. 
Manga.
The "Sonic the Hedgehog" manga series, published in Shogakukan's "Shogaku Yonensei" was written by Kenji Terada and illustrated by Sango Norimoto. The manga, which started in 1992, was about a hedgehog boy named Nicky who can turn into Sonic the Hedgehog. Sonic fights Eggman, with Tails tagging along to help him.
British comics.
"Sonic the Comic" was a British comic published by Fleetway Editions between 1993 and 2002. Labeled "The UK's official Sega comic", in addition to Sonic the Hedgehog stories it also included comic strips based on other Sega games such as "Ecco the Dolphin" and "Decap Attack".
American comics.
"Sonic the Hedgehog" is an ongoing series of American comic books published by Archie Comics. All of Archie's "Sonic"-related publications take place in the same fictional universe, which incorporates aspects of the video games and Sonic the Hedgehog: the Animated Series in addition to elements unique to that comic universe. Archie Comics also published a "Sonic X" comic book that supplemented the animated series of the same name. It began in November 1992 and was originally meant to be a four-part series; however, due to the positive reaction to the series' announcement, it was extended to ongoing status before the first issue premiered. The comic borrowed elements from the animated series' first two seasons and characters from the "Sonic Adventure" storyline.
Reception and legacy.
The "Sonic the Hedgehog" franchise was awarded seven records by Guinness World Records in "Guinness World Records: Gamer's Edition 2008". The records include "Best Selling Game on Sega Systems", "Longest Running Comic Based on a Video Game" and "Best Selling Retro Game Compilation" (for "Sonic Mega Collection"). In the "Guinness World Records: Gamer's Edition 2010", the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series was listed number 15 out of the top 50 video game franchises. In December 2006, IGN ranked "Sonic the Hedgehog" as the 19th greatest series of all time, claiming that "although recent 3D entries in the series have been somewhat lacking, there is no denying the power of this franchise."
A common criticism has been that the variant gameplay styles found in recent 3D titles have strayed from the formula of the original series. Specifically, the series' jump to 3D has been noted as a declining point. In late 2010, Sega delisted several below average "Sonic" titles, such as the poorly received "Sonic the Hedgehog (2006)", in order to increase the value of the "Sonic" brand after positive reviews for the games "" and "Sonic Colors". An article on Yahoo Games titled "Then and Now: Game Characters Evolved" including many video game icons (Lara Croft, Master Chief, etc.) stated: "With numerous bad games on his resume, Sega’s speedy mascot has had a hard time recapturing the form that put him on top of the gaming world in 1991. So perhaps it’s best that his next game -- Sonic Generations -- lets the blue blur travel back in time to his younger days." 

</doc>
<doc id="2898755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898755" title="Crawford Grill">
Crawford Grill

Crawford Grill was a renowned jazz club in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's Hill District. Its heyday was the 1930s to 1950s.
History.
The club was founded by Gus Greenlee, who first made his reputation as a numbers runner and racketeer, then later as the owner of the Negro League baseball team the Pittsburgh Crawfords.
Music lovers flocked to the Crawford Grill to hear Billy Eckstine, Sarah Vaughan, Erroll Garner, Dizzy Gillespie, and other legends of jazz. White musicians who played downtown venues would go uptown to "The Grill" after their gigs to jam into the night with black musicians. The Crawford Grill was a meeting spot for people of all colors who loved jazz.
Greenlee operated three Crawford Grill nightclubs in Pittsburgh. The original was opened in 1930 on the corner of Crawford Street and Wylie Avenue in a former hotel called the Leader House. It remained in business until 1951, when it was destroyed by a fire. The building was demolished in 1959 as part of the Civic Arena development plan.
The second site, known to historians as Crawford Grill number 2, opened in 1943 on the corner of Wylie Avenue and Elmore Street, approximately ten blocks east of the original location. In 2001, the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission dedicated a marker on the site. However, the club closed its doors in 2002, and was put up for sale in 2006. An investment group representing public and private interests purchased the building in 2009, and continues to pursue preservation and restoration work via the Crawford Grill Revitalization Project.
Crawford Grill number 3 was the final, and least popular, of the Greenlee clubs. Located on the corner of Bidwell Street and Pennsylvania Avenue in the Manchester neighborhood of Pittsburgh, the club was open from 1948 until 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="2898756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898756" title="Broad Street Station (Philadelphia)">
Broad Street Station (Philadelphia)

Broad Street Station (demolished) at Broad & Market Streets was the primary passenger terminal for the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 1881 to the 1950s. Directly west of City Hall, the office towers of Penn Center now occupy the site.
Originally designed by Wilson Brothers & Company, Broad Street Station was dramatically expanded by renowned Philadelphia architect Frank Furness, 1892-93. In 1894 the PRR moved its headquarters from Fourth Street to the offices above the station, where they remained until moved to the Suburban Station Building in the 1930s. It was demolished in 1953, a year after train service to it had ceased.
Location and services.
Broad Street Station dominated the center of the city. Trains would leave the station two stories above street level on a viaduct known as the "Chinese Wall" and run west to cross the Schuylkill River on tracks that bisected the western half of Center City Philadelphia. Fifteenth Street ran beneath the station's lobby, and the numbered streets up to 24th ran beneath the viaduct. John F. Kennedy Boulevard traces a similar path today.
The station was renowned for its architecture but cursed for inundating the heart of the city with the smoke and noise of the day's steam locomotives. The Chinese Wall also made Center City north of the station unfashionable, as the area was cut off from the rest of downtown. Passengers arriving at Broad Street Station could make connections to the rest of the city on the numerous trolley lines on Market Street and 15th Street, or on Philadelphia's east-west Market-Frankford Subway-Elevated Line (beginning in 1907) or the north-south Broad Street Subway starting in 1928. The latter two were heavy rail lines that crossed under City Hall.
Leaving Broad Street Station, passengers would first arrive at West Philadelphia Station at 32nd and Market Streets on the west side of the Schuylkill, which in 1933 was replaced by 30th Street Station. The lines then split in three directions:
Today all these railroad lines, except for the one between 30th Street and Broad Street stations, remain intact, run by SEPTA or NJ Transit.
Architecture.
The architecture of Broad Street Station was typical of Furness's buildings in central Philadelphia in the last quarter of the nineteenth century. Furness's structure looked much like a web of Gothic spires and arched windows, with considerable modification from their medieval sources. His work expanded on a similar structure originally constructed by the Wilson Brothers & Company a mere decade before. Furness's windows were often rounded and did not use pointed chancels.
The lower levels of the structure were heavy and rusticated, recalling the work of H. H. Richardson from the previous decade, while the spandrels of the upper stories emphasized the building's verticality. The frame for the stone structure was largely made of iron and steel, and on the interior the structural techniques were often displayed by balustrades and columns that in places revealed the rivets that held them together. The formal style of the building was altogether not unlike that of Furness's building for the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, which he completed in 1876, or his University of Pennsylvania Library, designed in 1888.
As the station expanded after 1881, additional train sheds were added to cover additional tracks, twelve in all by 1891. They were eventually replaced by a single shed, which, upon its completion in 1892, had the largest single span of any station roof in the world (91 m), and ultimately covered 16 tracks.
PRR later hired Furness, Evans & Company to design the Arcade Building, an office building of the same red brick, stone and terra cotta as the station, that connected to it through a pedestrian bridge over Market Street. This relieved much of the pedestrian traffic at street level, and the City permitted the Arcade Building to be built over the 15th Street sidewalk.
Even in its early years, there were flaws in the operation of Broad Street Station. The station could not accommodate passenger trains passing through the city without time-consuming back-up moves. The other major problem was that it took a number of engine moves to turn around commuter trains, which had become the station's main business because of its proximity to the downtown area.
The first problem would remain unsolved despite a proposal for a tunnel in North Philadelphia that was to run to the Broad Street Station area and then emerge above ground to meet the lines coming out of the station. The other problem began to be alleviated with electrification of the rail lines, starting with the Paoli service to the railroad's "Main Line", starting on September 12, 1915. In 1918 service to Chestnut Hill (today's Chestnut Hill West) was opened, and the two busiest commuter services were dealt with.
In 1928 two more lines, West Chester/Media and Chester/Wilmington, would go under wire, and in 1930 Norristown and Trenton would be electrified, the latter being the first segment of electrification of today's Northeast Corridor, which was completed to Penn Station, New York, in 1933.
The train shed was destroyed by a fire on 11 June 1923. The fire began about 1:00 a.m. and burned for two days. Amazingly, work on clearing the debris began even while the fire was still smoldering. The steel skeleton that remained was removed; thereafter, the train platforms operated while covered by small, "umbrella" shelters. These replacements were destroyed by another fire that began at 9:38 a.m. on 12 September 1943 and were replaced by a similar structure that remained for the last ten years of the station's existence.
Demise.
In the 1920s and '30s the Pennsylvania Railroad built two new stations: 30th Street Station, which is now the main intercity hub for Philadelphia rail travel, and Suburban Station, a stub line from 30th Street Station to a tunnel ending northwest of City Hall, just north of Broad Street Station. (Around 1984 this line was extended east as part of the Center City Commuter Connection tunnel.) 30th Street Station was a through railway station that did not require intercity trains to turn around to exit the station (but a loop track was proposed just south of the station to allow the through east-west trains to come close to the center of the business district), while Suburban Station took over the electric commuter trains. In July 1947 Broad St scheduled 55 weekday departures: 9 to the south, 8 that would head west from Zoo, and 38 that would turn east from Zoo (14 of which would cross the Delair bridge).
Broad Street ultimately suffered the fate of many of Furness's institutional buildings, as it was closed in 1952 and razed in 1953. The last departure of a scheduled train was train 431 to Washington at 0110 on 27 April 1952; the last train was the farewell special that evening. The land once occupied by the station and its access tracks is now the commercial heart of the city, known as Penn Center, including buildings such as the 54-story Mellon Bank Center. Today all that remains of the building is a historic marker on 15th Street commemorating the site.
A bas-relief mural by Karl Bitter, "The Spirit of Transportation", located in the northwest corner of the main waiting area at 30th Street Station, was originally located in Broad Street Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="2898758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898758" title="Surat Thani Railway Station">
Surat Thani Railway Station

Surat Thani Railway Station (SRT Code: SRN) is the main railway station in Surat Thani Province, Thailand. It is located on the SRT Southern Line, at 651 kilometres from Bangkok. The station is on the east bank of Tapi River in Tha Kham town, Phun Phin district. Surat Thani Station first opened in 1915, and was originally named "Phun Phin Station". The name was later changed to "Surat Thani Railway Station".
History.
In World War II, the Imperial Japanese Army used the station as a base for military activity. The station and the Chulachomklao Bridge (then named Tha Kham) across the Tapi were both bombed in May 1945 by American aircraft. The R.S.R. (former name of S.R.T.) built a new station, called Surat Thani 2 Railway Station, on the northern bank of the Tapi River opposite the old station. 
Surat Thani 2 Railway Station was demolished after the Chulachonklao Bridge was opened for traffic in a ceremony on 16 February 1953, and the new building of Surat Thani Station was finished in 1954.
Service.
Currently, Surat Thani Railway Station serves 28 trains per day, all of them served by S.R.T.
Transportation.
The red bus connects the train station with the downtown of Surat Thani City, leaving every 15 minutes. Minibuses to other districts such as Chaiya, Wiang Sa and Ban Na, are also available.

</doc>
<doc id="2898759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898759" title="Bryan Marchment">
Bryan Marchment

Bryan William Marchment (born May 1, 1969) is a former Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He spent his NHL career with the Winnipeg Jets, Chicago Blackhawks, Hartford Whalers, Edmonton Oilers, Tampa Bay Lightning, San Jose Sharks, Colorado Avalanche, Toronto Maple Leafs and Calgary Flames. He is currently a scout for the Sharks at the NHL level and a part-time coach in the Sharks organization.
Playing career.
Marchment began his playing career with the Belleville Bulls of the Ontario Hockey League. Marchment was a high scoring defenceman, more noted for assists, included 51 assists in 56 games during 1987–88, the year Marchment was drafted 16th overall by the Winnipeg Jets in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft, despite a promising future, he spent most of his Jets career in the American Hockey League for the Moncton Hawks, but did get some moments in a Jets jersey as well, playing 28 games in the 1990–91 NHL season. On July 22, 1991, Marchment was traded from the Jets with Chris Norton to the Chicago Blackhawks for Troy Murray and Warren Rychel.
Marchment enjoyed more games for the Blackhawks scoring 15 points in the 1991–92 NHL season and 20 points in the next season, but on November 2, 1993, Marchment was sent to the Hartford Whalers with Steve Larmer in a trade for Eric Weinrich and Patrick Poulin. Marchment only played 42 games for the Whalers before he was sent to the Edmonton Oilers on August 30, 1994 as compensation for Hartford signing Steven Rice.
After 3 seasons with the Oilers it was during his fourth that Marchment was traded with Jason Bonsignore and Steve Kelly to Tampa Bay Lightning for Roman Hamrlík and Paul Comrie on December 30, 1997. It was during the 1997 season were Marchment suffered a severe concussion and began convulsing on the rink. Marchment only managed to play 22 games for the Lightning until he was once again traded, this time on March 24, 1998 Marchment, along with David Shaw and a 1st round pick in the 1998 draft (David Legwand) were sent to the San Jose Sharks for Andrei Nazarov and a 1st round pick in the 1998 draft (Vincent Lecavalier).
It was with the Sharks where Marchment enjoyed more success, more games, more playoff runs and more points, including a career high 22 in the 2001–02 NHL season, 20 of which were assists. Marchment enjoyed his four and a half year stay with the Sharks but was once again traded. This time on March 8, 2003, Marchment was traded to Colorado for two draft picks. He only played 14 regular season games for Colorado and 7 playoff games. A free agent Marchment signed a one-year deal with hometown team the Toronto Maple Leafs on July 11, 2003. In the 2003–04 season Marchment played in 75 regular season games scoring just 4 points and appeared in a further 13 playoff games.
Marchment sat out the 2004–05 NHL lockout affected season, and was signed by the Calgary Flames as a free agent on October 11, 2005. After the 2005–06 season ended he became a free agent. As of March 2008, Marchment is a scout and in charge of player development for the Sharks.
Reputation as a player.
Marchment has been suspended for deliberate attempts to injure other players numerous times throughout his playing career. He was suspended 13 times by the league in his first 12 NHL seasons and his hits were blamed for injuries suffered by Mike Modano, Joe Nieuwendyk, Greg Adams, Mike Gartner, Kevin Dineen, Peter Zezel, Pavel Bure, Sami Salo, Paul Kariya, Wendel Clark and Martin Ručínský. On February 3, 1995, while the Toronto Maple Leafs were visiting Marchment's Oilers, a hit by Marchment partially collapsed one of Gartner's lungs; the severely injured Gartner had to return to Toronto by train. Doug Weight attacked him in 2000 after Marchment applied a knee on knee hit to him.

</doc>
<doc id="2898760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898760" title="Tim Harding (musician)">
Tim Harding (musician)

Timothy John Harding (born 1 February 1978) is an Australian entertainer, and a former cast member of the Australian TV show "Hi-5". 
Harding grew up in Sydney, Australia and attended St Andrew's Cathedral School. He was studying social work at university when he auditioned for the children's musical group "Hi-5". He was a member of the group from their inception in 1998 until November 2007, when he left the group after suffering a broken back and toes from a motorcycle accident at Eastern Creek Raceway in June. Whilst in the group they won five ARIA Music Awards and three Logie Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2898763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898763" title="Accessus">
Accessus

Accessus is a term applied to the voting in conclave for the election of a pope, by which a cardinal changes his vote and accedes to some other candidate. Accessus voting was first used in the papal conclave, 1455. The procedure was likely adopted from the Roman Senate where an acceding Senator would physically move to join the proponents of a proposal.
When the votes of the cardinals have been counted after the first balloting and the two-thirds majority has fallen to none of those voted for, at the following vote opportunity is granted for a cardinal to change his vote, by writing ""Accedo domino Cardinali"", mentioning one of those who have been voted for, but not the cardinal for whom he has already voted. If he should not wish to change his vote, the cardinal can vote ""Nemini"" ( "for no one" ). If these supplementary votes of accession, added to those a candidate has received, equal two-thirds of the total vote, then there is an election. If not, the ballots are burned, and the usual ballot takes place the next day. 
Election by accessus was only possible because, until the mid-20th century, the ballots used by each Cardinal were identified by a text of scripture in the back side. When a Cardinal decided to use the right of accession, his two ballots had to "be compared and identified by the text on the reverse face of the ballot, so as to prevent a double vote for the same candidate by any elector".
Thus, voting by accession eliminated the secrecy of the first ballot.
Voting by accessus was prohibited by the Cardinal Dean at the 1903 conclave and later this form of election was suppressed from the Church's legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="2898765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898765" title="Jason Lester">
Jason Lester

Jason Lester, born in Montreal, Quebec, is a professional poker player who has also lived in New York City and Los Angeles. He currently resides in Miami, FL. He is also an exceptional backgammon player and has won many tournaments in the past, but now he focuses on poker. He came in 4th at the 2003 World Series of Poker (WSOP), the year Chris Moneymaker won the event. Lester was also involved in the film "Lucky You", starring Robert Duvall, Eric Bana and Drew Barrymore, in which he played himself, among other poker stars.
Lester picked up his first career WSOP bracelet in the 2006 $5,000 pot limit hold'em event.
As of 2011, his total live tournament winnings exceed $ 2,099,689. His 21 cashes as the WSOP account for $1,620,443 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="2898771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898771" title="Lambda Aurigae">
Lambda Aurigae

Lambda Aurigae (λ Aur, λ Aurigae) is the Bayer designation for a solar analog star in the northern constellation of Auriga. It has the traditional name Al Hurr and is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.71. Based upon parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission, it is approximately distant from the Earth.
This is a G-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of G1 V. In terms of composition it is similar to the Sun, while the mass and radius are slightly larger. It is 73% more luminous than the Sun and radiates this energy from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 5,890 K. At this heat, the star glows with the yellow hue of a G-type star. It has a low level of surface activity and is a candidate Maunder minimum analog.
Lambda Aurigae has been examined for the presence of excess infrared emission that may indicate the presence of a circumstellar disk of dust, but no significant surplus has been observed. It is a possible member of the Epsilon Indi Moving Group of stars that share a common motion through space. The space velocity components of this star are = .
Name.
This star is sometimes called by the name Al Hurr, meaning "the fawn" in Arabic. Lambda Aurigae, along with μ Aur and ρ Aur, were Kazwini's Al Ḣibāʽ (ألحباع), the Tent. According to the catalogue of stars in the "Technical Memorandum 33-507 - A Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars", "Al Ḣibāʽ" were the title for three stars : λ Aur as "Al Ḣibāʽ I", μ Aur as "Al Ḣibāʽ II" and ρ Aur as "Al Ḣibāʽ III".
In Chinese, (), meaning "Pool of Harmony", refers to an asterism consisting of λ Aurigae, ρ Aurigae and HD 36041. Consequently, λ Aurigae itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="2898772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898772" title="Onat Kutlar">
Onat Kutlar

Mehmet Arif Onat Kutlar (January 25, 1936 – January 11, 1995), also known as Onat Kutlar, was a prominent Turkish writer and poet, founder of the Turkish Sinematek and one of the founders of the Istanbul International Film Festival.
Biography.
Onat Kutlar was born in Alanya, Turkey in 1936. He was the grandson of Arif Pasha, an Ottoman governor of the Taif district and the son of Ali Riza Bey, a penal judge of the young Turkish Republic and later a farmer, and Meliha Hanim.
He grew up in the city of Gaziantep in the province of Antalya. He studied law at Istanbul University and philosophy in Paris. His book, "Ishak" (1959), composed of nine short stories, most of which are written from the point of view of a child and are often surrealistic and mystical was the recipient of the 1960 "Turkish Language Association Short Story Award". According to the literary critic Fethi Naci, these represent a very early example of magical realism genre. In 1985, he was a member of the jury at the 35th Berlin International Film Festival. In 1994, he was awarded with L'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres and in 1975 Cultural Medal of Poland for his work in the Turkish Sinematek.
He died on January 11, 1995 in Istanbul resulting from injuries sustained in a terrorist bomb attack (carried out by the terrorist organization PKK) which occurred on December 30, 1994 at The Marmara Hotel's cafeteria in Taksim. He was laid to rest at the Aşiyan Asri Cemetery.
Currently, the International Federation of Film Critics (FIPRESCI) Prize in the National Competition of the Istanbul International Film Festival is named after him to commemorate his contributions to the Turkish cinema.
Bibliography.
(A story in "Ishak" called "Yunus" was published in English in the United States in "Grand Street" magazine (Winter, 1995)).
Awards.
'Ishak' (1959)
"Hakkari'de Bir Mevsim" (1983) 
"Hazal" (1980)
"Yusuf ile Kenan (1979)

</doc>
<doc id="2898775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898775" title="Cabinet of Brazil">
Cabinet of Brazil

The Cabinet of Brazil () is composed of the Ministers of State and senior advisors of the executive branch of the federal government of Brazil. Cabinet officers are appointed and dismissed by the President. There are currently twenty-four Ministries of State and fourteen other cabinet-level offices.
Responsibilities.
Ministers assist the President in the exercise of the executive power. Each minister is responsible for the general administration of a government portfolio, and heads a corresponding government ministry. Ministers prepare standards, monitor and evaluate federal programs, formulate and implement policies for the sectors they represent. They are responsible also to establish strategies, policies and priorities in the application of public resources. The most important minister is the Chief of Staff, while other high profile ministers include Finance, Justice, External Relations and Defense.
Current Cabinet.
The current cabinet features a record number of female ministers (10, making up 26% of the cabinet), signaling Pres. Dilma Rousseff's wish to promote women in key sectors of her government. The cabinet consists of the following members (updated February 2014):

</doc>
<doc id="2898781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898781" title="Universal Communication Platform">
Universal Communication Platform

Universal Communication Platform AG was a group of companies providing software and services for the mobile phone market. It later split into 3 component parts:

</doc>
<doc id="2898783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898783" title="Awadia and Fadnia tribes">
Awadia and Fadnia tribes

Awadia and Fadnia are two small nomad tribes of pure Arab descent living in the Bayuda Desert, Sudan, between the wells of Jakdul and Metemma. They are often incorrectly classed as Ja'alin. They own numbers of horses and cattle, the former of the black Dongola breed. At the battle of Abu Klea (17 January 1885) they were conspicuous for their courage in riding against the British square.

</doc>
<doc id="2898787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898787" title="International regime">
International regime

International regimes are international processes and collection of rules, and sometimes, when formally organized, many of them can transform into intergovernmental organizations. They are, however, not actors or non-governmental organizations. Organisations only regulate and promote regimes.
Definition and Types.
Stephen D. Krasner defined International Regimes as “Implicit or explicit principles, norms, rules and decision-making procedures around which actors’ expectations converge in a given area of international relations”in the journal "International Organization" in 1982. Regimes "are more specialized arrangements that pertain to well-defined activities, resources, or geographical areas and often involve only some subset of the members of international society", according to Oran R. Young, in his 1989 book "International Cooperation : Building Regimes for Natural Resources and the Environment".
Types of regimes include International Conventions such as the Basel Convention, the Mediterranean Action Plan and well-known regimes like the Bretton Woods System of monetary management. International Regimes might also include international organizations in a broader sense.
Formation.
International regimes often form in response to a need to coordinate behavior among countries around an issue. In the absence of an overarching regime, for instance, telecommunications between countries would have to be governed by numerous bilateral agreements, which would become impossibly complex to administer worldwide. A regime such as ITU serves simultaneously as a forum, a multilateral treaty, and a governing body to standardize telecommunications across countries efficiently. The International Monetary Fund, Biological Weapons Convention, and Kyoto Protocol are other examples of international regimes. The number of international regimes has increased dramatically since the Second World War, and today regimes cover almost all aspects of international relations that might require coordination among countries, from security issues (such as weapons non-proliferation or collective defense), to trade, finance, and investment, information and communication, human rights, the environment, and management of outer space—to name a few.
Some scholars emphasize the importance of a hegemon in creating a regime and giving it momentum. This is called the hegemonic stability theory. The United States, for example, has been instrumental in creating the Bretton Woods system, with organizations such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. The rationale is that a hegemon, being the dominant actor in international politics and economics, often stands to gain the most from the creation of global standards. For instance, while other countries might benefit from it, U.S. companies like Microsoft, Universal Studios, and Pfizer would be among the greatest beneficiaries of a strict global intellectual property regime. As the hegemons use their power to create regimes, their withdrawal similarly can also threaten the effectiveness of regimes.
Proponents and critics.
Regimes serve crucial functional needs in international relations. Powerful regimes are considered by some scholars as independent actors in international politics. Although ultimately states create and sustain regimes, once institutionalized, regimes can exert influence in world politics that is practically independent of state sovereignty. The International Atomic Energy Agency, for instance, has certain rights, given to it by states themselves, to monitor nuclear energy activity in countries. Insofar as they are organized by means of treaties among countries, regimes provide an important source of formal international law. Regimes themselves can also be subjects of international law. Insofar as they shape the behavior of states, the most influential regimes can also be a source of customary international law. In this light, some liberal scholars see in regimes the early seeds of peaceful world governance, in the vein of philosopher Immanuel Kant's idea of perpetual peace through a federation of world's states. 
Critics of regimes deplore their influence as a source of additional conflict or inefficiency in world politics. The security regime organized around the United Nations Security Council is sometimes cited as a case in point. Some other scholars are also alarmed that regimes represent a dilution of democratic control. Although they govern and influence important aspects of life, they operate steps removed from domestic democratic politics, organized around a legislature. In effect, some critics argue, most regimes come to represent the technocratic views of international civil servants, with agreements made behind closed doors, rather than being subject to openness and democratic popular representation. Some regimes, such as the World Trade Organization (WTO) have tried to address this "democratic deficit" by establishing civilian affairs departments, which are supposed to act as a liaison to the popular will. Most regimes are still insulated from the direct democratic politics that happen within states. Some, however, consider such insulation necessary, since much of international coordination require specialized expertise provided best by technocrats.

</doc>
<doc id="2898796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898796" title="James Hanway Plumridge">
James Hanway Plumridge

Admiral Sir James Hanway Plumridge (c. 1788 – 29 November 1863) was a British naval officer whose career extended from Trafalgar to the Crimean War, and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament (MP).
Wars against France.
Plumridge was born in London and entered the Navy on 6 September 1799 as a first-class volunteer aboard the sloop , employed in home waters under Commander John Watts. From December 1800 he served in the Mediterranean, as midshipman, master's mate, and for a short time as acting-lieutenant; firstly aboard the frigate , under Captains George Johnstone Hope and Robert Honyman, seeing action in the Egyptian campaign under the former. He then followed Captain Hope into the 74s , taking part in the battle of Trafalgar on 21 October 1805, and . Finally, he served aboard , under Captain Peter Parker, from where he was promoted to lieutenant on 20 August 1806.
For the next seven years Plumridge served as a lieutenant; aboard the under Captain the Honourable Arthur Kaye Legge, in under Captains John Giffard and William Pierrepont, and then "Melpomene" again, under Captain Peter Parker. There, on 1 May 1809, during the Gunboat War, he commanded the boats of "Melpomene" in an attack on a Danish cutter of 6 guns and several merchantmen, which were lying under the protection of gun batteries in the harbour of Huilbo, Jutland. The cutter was destroyed, but with the loss of Lieutenant George Rennie, and five men severely wounded. Soon after "Melpomene" fought off an attack by a flotilla of 20 gun-boats, suffering considerable damage, and losing 34 men killed and wounded. He then served aboard the frigate , Captain Joseph Baker, in the Baltic.
By December 1810 Plumridge was serving aboard the frigate under Captain Peter Parker again, and taking part in the capture of Isle de France. He then served aboard the 80-gun ship , Captain Sir John Gore; in and , the flag-ships of Sir William Sidney Smith in 1812; and the frigate , Captain Fleetwood Pellew. On 5 October 1813 he commanded the boats of "Resistance" at the destruction of batteries and the capture of a convoy in Porto d'Anzo. He then served aboard , Captain Thomas Gordon Caulfeild, and , the flagship of Sir Edward Pellew. In April 1814 he served as Pellew's aide-de-camp during the capture of Genoa.
Peacetime service.
On 7 June 1814 Plumridge was promoted to commander in the sloop , but within a month was transferred to command of and ordered to the East Indies. There on 29 April 1816, he was appointed acting-captain of the Bombay-built frigate , in which he returned to England by February 1817.
He then commanded the 18-gun brig-sloop from February 1818 until March 1821, visiting Saint Helena, and in 1820, while on the Irish station, capturing three American smugglers; "Clinton" on 13 August, "Liberty" on 14 August, and "Maria" on 12 October. Plumridge was finally promoted to post-captain on 9 October 1822, but had to wait until July 1831 before being appointed to command of the frigate , serving in the East Indies until early 1835. From April 1837 until 1841 he was the Superintendent of the Packet Service at Falmouth.
In the 1837 election he stood unsuccessfully for Parliament in Penryn and Falmouth, but won the seat in 1841. He did not seek re-election in 1847. In June 1842 he was appointed Storekeeper of the Ordnance, and on 29 June 1847 was awarded the Good Service Pension.
Plumridge returned to sea duty in August 1847, commanding the frigate on the East Indies and China Station, and serving as second-in-command with the rank of commodore. Following the death of the Commander-in-Chief, Francis Augustus Collier, on 28 October 1849, Plumridge served as C-in-C "pro tem" until the arrival of Charles Austen in January 1850. He was raised to the rank of rear admiral on 8 October 1852.
Crimean War.
In 1854, during the Crimean War, he was assigned to the fleet headed by Vice-Admiral Sir Charles Napier for operations in the Baltic, commanding a detached "flying squadron" of steamships. Flying his flag in the frigate , Plumridge operated in the Gulf of Bothnia, bombarding a number of Finnish settlements to destroy fortifications, telegraph apparatus, and capture enemy shipping. He was afterwards sharply criticized for firing on civilian settlements. Furthermore, the destroyed Finnish commodities were for the greater part actually bought by British customers and often paid in advance, Plumridge effectively pillaging on his own nations's goods. On 21 June his force bombarded the fortress of Bomarsund on the Åland Islands, expending most of their ammunition for little result. It was on this occasion that a midshipman of the gunboat HMS "Hecla" won the first-ever Victoria Cross. In common with the other commanders of the 1854 Baltic campaign Plumridge's command was not renewed in 1855, but he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath on 5 July 1855. 
Plumridge was made a vice admiral on 28 November 1857 and admiral on 27 April 1863, but died in November of the same year. He is buried at St. Margaret's Church, Hopton-on-Sea, Norfolk.
Personal life.
His first wife having died on 31 July 1827, he married for a second time in 1835 to Harriet Agnes, daughter of the Right Honourable Hugh Elliot, by whom he had several children. He was again left a widower on 17 April 1845.
His maternal niece Catherine German married Hermann Philip Rée, and their great-great-great-grandson is Rt.Hon David Cameron MP.

</doc>
<doc id="2898797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898797" title="Bayuda Desert">
Bayuda Desert

The Bayuda Desert is located north of modern Khartoum, Sudan, west of Kadabas, and south of the Nubian Desert, together making up part of the Sahara's eastern flank. It is located at . Within the desert can be found the Bayuda Volcanic Field.

</doc>
<doc id="2898799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898799" title="Acclamation (Papal elections)">
Acclamation (Papal elections)

Acclamation was formerly one of the methods of papal election.
The method of electing the Roman Pontiff is contained in the constitutions of Gregory XV "Æterni Patris Filius" and "Decet Romanum Pontificem", Urban VIII's constitution "Ad Romani Pontificis Providentiam", and John Paul II's "Universi Dominici Gregis", issued in 1996. Prior to the issuance of "Universi Dominici Gregis", three methods of election were valid. These were, namely, by scrutiny, by compromise, and by acclamation (or "quasi-inspiration"). This last form of election consisted in all the electors present unanimously proclaiming one of the candidates Supreme Pontiff, without the formality of casting votes. As this was required to be done without previous consultation or negotiation it was looked on as proceeding from the Holy Spirit and hence was also designated "quasi-inspiration". 
Recent changes in papal election law.
"Universi Dominici Gregis" specifically disallowed both election by acclamation and by compromise - as a result the secret ballot is the sole valid method of electing a Pope. Originally, "Universi Dominici Gregis" allowed for a Pope to be elected with a simple majority if the usual requirement of a two-thirds super majority could not be reached after thirty-four ballots. On June 11, 2007 Pope Benedict XVI issued a Motu Proprio which requires a two-thirds majority regardless of the number of ballots it takes to elect a new Pope.
In fiction.
In the 1968 film The Shoes of the Fisherman, the Cardinal electors had acclaimed Kiril Cardinal Lakota as Pope after repeated balloting failed to produce the required majority.
In the 2000 book Angels and Demons, a priest named Ventresca is elected by acclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="2898803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898803" title="Barbarin, Navarre">
Barbarin, Navarre

Barbarin is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898806" title="MacMurray College">
MacMurray College

MacMurray College is a four-year, professionally-focused private college located in Jacksonville, Illinois. Its enrollment in fall 2013 was 571, with a student body that is 22% ethnically diverse. It is from Springfield and from Chicago.
History.
Although founded in 1846 by a group of Methodist clergymen as the Illinois Conference Female Academy, the first class was not held until 1848. Since its beginnings, the college has been affiliated with the United Methodist Church. It is one of the oldest institutions of higher education originally for women in the United States.
The school was renamed the Illinois Conference Female College in 1851, with the name changed again to Illinois Female College in 1863 and Illinois Woman's College in 1899. The name was changed to MacMurray College for Women in 1930 to honor James E. MacMurray, who was an Illinois state senator, president of Acme Steel Corporation in Chicago, and college trustee whose commitment led to a substantial increase in the college's facilities and endowment in the late 1920s and 1930s.
The institution remained an exclusively women's college until 1955, when the trustees established MacMurray College for Men as a coordinate institution. In 1969, the colleges were reorganized into a single co-educational institution.
For two of the past three years, MacMurray was named a Top 20 School by "Washington Monthly" magazine, placing No. 14 in the nation in 2011 and No. 18 in 2013 among baccalaureate colleges.
MacMurray College was ranked 63 of 200 colleges in the 2013 edition of U.S. News Best Colleges in Regional Colleges (Midwest) by U.S. News & World Report.
Academics.
In the 2013-2014 academic year, MacMurray offered a 26-major, 16-minor liberal arts curriculum with both Associate's and Bachelor's degrees. The school reinforces liberal arts with an emphasis on career preparation. Some of the college's top majors include nursing, deaf and hard-of-hearing education, criminal justice and social work. MacMurray’s deaf education and interpreter programs may benefit from the College’s proximity to the Illinois School for the Deaf, also located in Jacksonville.
In the 2013-2014 academic year, MacMurray's on-campus programs offered a 26 majors, nine pre-professional programs and 17 minors. The general education curriculum is required of all students. It is the foundation of its associate's and bachelor's degrees, stressing critical thinking and communication skills and lifelong learning.
The school reinforces the liberal arts with an emphasis on professional preparation through academic majors that are career-focused. Some of the college's top majors include nursing, criminal justice, homeland security, deaf and hard-of-hearing education and American Sign Language interpreting, teacher preparation and social work. MacMurray’s deaf education and interpreter programs benefit from the College’s proximity to the Illinois School for the Deaf, also located in Jacksonville.
For the past two years, 95% of its graduates reported being employed or in graduate school within a year of graduation, 94% of 2011 graduates and 96% of 2012 graduates, and three quarters of graduates completed an internship or other professional work experience.
The Center for Learning Excellence provides academic support to students outside of the classroom. Center for Learning Excellence staff members are certified by the Kellogg Institute for the Training and Certification of Developmental Educators.
Beginning with the fall semester of 2014, MacMurray will offer online degrees in business administration and homeland security. Business administration offers concentrations in organizational leadership, entrepreneurship, human resource management, supply chain management, marketing and management. The homeland security major offers concentrations in counterterrorism, cyber security, emergency management and intelligence.
Athletics.
MacMurray's athletic teams are known as the Highlanders. Teams compete in the NCAA's Division III. The football team is part of the Upper Midwest Athletic Conference. The College’s nine other men’s and women’s athletic teams compete in the St. Louis Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
Athletic teams include men's baseball, men's and women's basketball, football, men's and women's golf, soccer, softball and volleyball.
The current athletic director is Scott McClure. He joined the College in July 2013. He was previously interim athletic director at Bethany College in Lindsborg, Kansas and served for 12 years as a manager of championship sports for the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics in Kansas City, MO.
Thirty-five percent of MacMurray students are athletes. During the past three years, 45 MacMurray players were named to the Academic All-Conference Team, and 36 student-athletes were named to their respective All-Conference teams.
For the past two years, the men's basketball team competed in the SLIAC conference tournament. In 2012, the Highlanders narrowly missed winning the tournament and an automatic berth in the NCAA Division III tournament. MacMurray lost 58-56 to Westminster College on a three-point shot with 1.7 seconds remaining in the championship game.
MacMurray College is one of the few institutions to have received the NCAA "death penalty." In 2005 the men’s tennis team was sanctioned and prohibited from play for two years, with post-season play prohibited for a further two seasons, after a coach's fund gave over $162,000 in financial assistance to 10 foreign-born players, in violation of Division III rules prohibiting athletic scholarships. MacMurray has not had a men's tennis program since that time.
Campus.
The campus covers , and includes the administration building Kathryn Hall, the McClelland Dining Hall, the Annie Merner Chapel, the Henry Pfieffer Library, the educational buildings of MacMurray Hall, Julian Chemistry, the Putnam Center for the Arts, the William H. Springer Center for Music, the Education Complex, the Gordon Facilities building, and the five residence halls of Kendall, Norris, Michalson, Rutledge and Jane. Kendall and Norris were unoccupied during the 2009-2010 school year while undergoing renovations that included sprinkler systems and aesthetic improvements. They reopened in the fall of 2010.
More than 30 student-led organizations are active on campus. The College encourages students to be active community members with 84% involved in community work or volunteering. Career Services facilitates work and internship experience. Over 70% of students complete internships facilitated by Career Services.
In March 2011, 16 thefts occurred in the residence halls during Spring break. The thefts also included a 600 pound safe stolen from the dining hall. "I think this is a real invasion and violation of the sense of family and friendship at MacMurray," said Director of Public Relations Ted Roth. "I think the students feel like their privacy was violated." 
On June 16–17, 2011, MacMurray College suffered damage from widespread flooding that affected the entire eastern section of the City of Jacksonville. Several dormitories and the Education Complex (EC) were flooded. The Education Complex includes the Wall Gymnasium and the MacMurray swimming pool, which had been closed for maintenance. The college estimated the losses at approximately $2 million. On July 26, President Colleen Hester made a plea to all members of the Illinois Great Rivers Conference of the Methodist Church. This plea asked for funds to help cover the uninsured repair work necessary after the flooding. This includes a new gym floor in the Education Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="2898808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898808" title="Bargota">
Bargota

Bargota is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898809" title="Balli Kombëtar">
Balli Kombëtar

The Balli Kombëtar (literally "National Front") was an Albanian nationalist, anti-communist and anti-monarchist organization established in November 1942. It was led by Ali Këlcyra and Midhat Frashëri. The motto of the Balli Kombëtar was: """" (Albania for the Albanians, Death to the Traitors).
History.
With Italy on the brink of defeat in 1942, the Albanian National Liberation Movement (LNC) and the Balli Kombëtar organized a meeting in the village of Mukje. The Balli Kombëtar entered into a fragile alliance with the communist-led LNC, and acted as a resistance group against the Italians. Following the Mukje Agreement, the vague mutual tolerance that had existed between the Ballists and Communists quickly evaporated.The Allies too could not guarantee that Kosovo would be a part of Albania, because they stood for the restoration of occupied nations under their borders as they existed prior to World War II.
Despite their hatred of the occupiers, the Ballists feared that an Allied victory in the war might well result in Communist control of Albania. Their lukewarm attitude towards the British was also fostered by their desire to preserve the accomplished fact of ethnic frontiers of the Albanian State restored by the Italians in 1941, for they bitterly opposed and dreaded the loss of Kosovo and Debar to Yugoslavia once again, and feared that the Allies in their support of the Greeks might prevent them from claiming Chameria and deprive them of their southern provinces of Korçe and Gjirokaster, the heartland of their liberation movement. They regarded the Yugoslavs and the Greeks as their real enemies.
The Mukje Agreement immediately triggered a hostile reaction from the Yugoslav representative in Albania, Svetozar Vukmanoviċ. He denounced the agreement and put pressure on the LNC to repute it immediately, and Yugoslav Communist leader Milovan Đilas subsequently described the Balli Kombëtar as "Albanian Fascists".
The Balli Kombëtar, which had fought against the Italians, were threatened by the superior forces of the LNC and the Yugoslav Partisans, who were backed by the Allies. In the autumn of 1943, Nazi Germany occupied all of Albania after Italy was defeated. Fearing reprisals from larger forces, the Balli Kombëtar made a deal with the Germans and formed a "neutral government" in Tirana which continued its war with the LNC and the Yugoslav Partisans.
Albania and Chameria.
Safet Butka, a hardline Albanian nationalist, tried at various times to cooperate with the Communist-dominated Liberation Front. In February 1943, he organized a meeting with Communist representatives and an agreement for cooperation was reached in March 1943. He also made another local agreement in August 1943 and was one of the initiators and supporters of the Mukje agreement. After the denouncement of the Mukje agreement by Albanian communists, he feared a civil war between Albanians and when asked on the matter, always stated that "the only Albanian that I will kill will be myself." On his way home, he was informed of the first clashes between Albanian partisans and the Balli Kombëtar. Upon hearing such news, he killed himself on 19 September 1943 in the village of Melçan, faithful to his word. In the south of Albania, the rivalry between the Communists and the Balli Kombëtar heated up. The Communists almost immediately repudiated the Mukaj agreement, and fearing the British might open a second front in the Balkans and lend their support to the Ballists, they issued orders that the Balli Kombëtar be eliminated wherever it was found. These factors contributed to members of the Balli Kombëtar forming a strong hatred for the Communists.
After forming the Neutral government, the Ballists pressed hard against the Communists. They destroyed a fairly large Communist partisan group southwest of Tirana. With the Grand Alliance established, the Germans began losing the war. This also affected the situation in Albania as the Germans could not supply the Ballists. With the current situation favouring the Communists, the partisans began a full-scale attack on the Balli Kombëtar. British liaison officers in Albania noted that the Communists were using the arms they received to fight fellow Albanians far more than to harass the Germans. The west noted that the Communists could not have won without the supplies and armaments from the British, America and Yugoslavia, and that the LNC were not afraid of murdering their own countrymen.
Kosovo and Macedonia.
Large number of Serbs were killed across Kosovo or deported to camps in Albania starting from 1942. The Ballists attacked the Serbs and burning as many as 30,000 houses belonging to Serb and Montenegrins. A large number of Serbs and Macedonians were also killed across western Macedonia as Ballist forces and the SS Skanderbeg division fought the Yugoslav Partisans. The main centres of the Balli Kombëtar in these regions were Kosovska Mitrovica, Drenica and Tetovo. It was noted that the Balli Kombëtar in these regions were more aggressive than the Ballists of Albania. With the Germans driven out by the Yugoslav Partisans, and the Albanian communists claiming victory in Albania, Yugoslav leader Josip Broz Tito ordered the collection of weapons in Kosovo and the arrest of prominent Albanians. The order was not well-received and, combined with the passions felt about Kosovo, inflamed an insurrection. On 2 December 1944, Ballists from the Drenica region attacked the Trepča mining complex and other targets. Numbering at most 2,000 men, these anti-communists held off a partisan force of about 30,000 troops for two months. Similarly in Kičevo, Gostivar and Tetovo, the remaining Ballists tried to remain in control of the region after the Yugoslav Partisans announced victory. After the war, most Balli Kombëtar leaders were either imprisoned, executed, or tortured due to their role in World War II. Although the insurrection was crushed, it was not until 1947 that Kosovo was fully reintegrated into Yugoslavia.
Montenegro and Sandžak region.
Parts of Montenegro and the Sandžak were incorporated into Albania in 1941. The cities included Bijelo Polje, Pljevlja, Tutin, Plav, Gusinje, Rozaje and Ulcinj. Some of the Yugoslav Muslims that lived in these regions sided with the Albanians. Akif Blyta, former mayor of Novi Pazar and member of Nexhip Draga's party, Dzemail Konicanin and Ballist forces under Shaban Polluzha successfully repelled Chetnik forces back from Novi Pazar and crushed their stronghold in Banja.
Ideology.
Midhat Frashëri believed that Albanian provinces under the Ottoman Empire were unfairly partitioned during World War I amongst Yugoslavia and Greece. After World War II, Midhat Frashëri began advocating for a Greater Albania. When Midhat Frashëri formed the Balli Kombëtar, it was based on his nationalist ideas and the old ideologies of Abdyl Frashëri, Ymer Prizreni and Isa Boletini. The works of Franz Nopcsa, Johann Georg von Hahn and Milan Šufflay, helped strengthen the nationalists' cause. The Balli Kombëtar believed that Albanians were "Aryans of Illyrian heritage". This helped gaining support by the Nazis.
The Ten-Point Program.
The original objectives of Balli Kombëtar were set out in 1942 in the following ten-point program, also known as the “Decalogue”
Legacy.
After World War II ended, the Balli Kombëtar were defeated by Yugoslav and Albanian communists. Balli Kombëtar fighters fled the Balkans to Austria, the United States, Australia, Switzerland and South America. The Ballists who did not escape were executed. In Macedonia the most notable leader of the movement was Xhem Hasa of Gostivar, where a statue dedicated to him was placed after the overthrow of the Communist regime.
Tetovo was once the largest Balli Kombëtar base in Macedonia and still has strong ties with the name. The Tetovo-based football club KF Shkendija has a large support firm called the "Ballistët". They are known in the Macedonian media for their use of hardline nationalistic rhetorics in football matches.

</doc>
<doc id="2898810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898810" title="Layer Pyramid">
Layer Pyramid

The Layer Pyramid (known locally in Arabic as "il-haram il-midawwar", , meaning 'rubble-hill pyramid') is a pyramid dating to the 3rd Dynasty (2686 BC to 2613 BC) and located in the necropolis of Zawyet el'Aryan in Egypt. Its ownership is uncertain and may be attributable to pharaoh Khaba. The pyramid architecture, however, is very similar to that of the Buried Pyramid of king Sekhemkhet and for this reason is firmly datable to the 3rd Dynasty.
The pyramid was excavated at the beginning of the 20th century by two different teams who reported conflicting estimates regarding its size and number of subterranean chambers. No artefacts were found over the course of the excavations, and no trace of a burial could be found. For this reason, it is unclear whether the pyramid was used to bury a pharaoh or was abandoned following the premature death of the king. 
At the time of its construction the pyramid was surrounded by a necropolis housing large mastabas belonging to the high officials of the 3rd Dynasty state. A mortuary temple was built on the eastern side of the pyramid and a valley temple was possibly located several hundred meters from it. Nowadays, The pyramid is located within the confines of a restricted military area, baring modern excavations of the site.
Research history.
The layer pyramid was first examined and its surroundings explored in 1839 by John Shae Perring. Soon after, in 1848, the pyramid was identified as such by Karl Richard Lepsius, who listed it as number XIV in his pioneering list of pyramids. Around 40 years later, in 1886, Gaston Maspero unsuccessfully searched the entrance of the subterranean passages of the pyramid, which was only discovered in 1896 by Jacques de Morgan. The latter undertook excavations of the pyramid but stopped after clearing the first few steps of the descending stairway.
Further investigations were then performed in 1900 by Alessandro Barsanti, who uncovered the vertical access shaft leading to the burial chamber. Barsanti, seeing that several corridors and chambers were seemingly unfinished and that all were completely devoid of artefacts, deemed that the pyramid had never been used. Shortly after, in 1910 - 1911, George Reisner and Clarence S. Fisher worked on the site, excavating the north and east exteriors of the pyramid as well as the cemeteries surrounding it. The dimensions of the pyramid as estimated by Barsanti, Reisner and Fisher differ greatly and even the number of subterranean galleries they report is in disagreement. Unfortunately, the pyramid lies within a restricted military area since 1970 and consequently no excavation have been undertaken there since Reisner and Fisher's superficial work, leaving the structures beneath the pyramid in doubt. Furthermore, the pyramid is now sanded up, hampering modern estimations of its dimensions.
Description.
Location.
The Layer Pyramid lies close to the necropolis of Zawyet el'Aryan, south-west of Giza and north of Saqqara. The main structure is located on a rock ridge just above the floodplain.
Superstructure.
The Layer Pyramid has a square base whose side is about long, slightly smaller than the step pyramids of Djoser and Sekhemket. Based on the dimensions of the pyramid of Djoser, the egyptologist Jean-Philippe Lauer estimated that the layer pyramid was originally planned to comprise five steps and would have reached c. in height. Today, only two of these steps remain, reaching an height of about . The current ruined state of the pyramid allows a view of its core, which is a pyramidal mound made of poor quality rough stone blocks taken from the local bedrock. This core is surrounded by a thick casing of the same masonry. This is in turn surrounded by 14 layers of mud bricks bonded with clay mortar and disposed almost vertically, with an inward inclination angle of 68°. Just as the inner-most stone casing of the pyramid core, each mud brick layer is thick.
Whether the pyramid was finished or left unfinished is disputed among experts. The egyptologist Rainer Stadelmann believe that the pyramid was indeed finished, but others, such as Miroslav Verner, think that the building was left unfinished because of the pharaoh's premature death. In particular, no traces of outer cladding were found, which could hint that there never was one because the pyramid was not completed.
Mud bricks were found at the base of the pyramid and which are not associated with the pyramid itself, but are interpreted as remnants of a construction ramp.
Substructure.
The disposition of the substructures of the layer pyramid is extremely similar to that found in the Buried Pyramid of Sekhemket. Consequently, Mark Lehner and others suggest that the two pyramids must have been constructed very close in time.
The entrance to the subterranean structures lies on the east, a disposition which would be unparalleled until the construction of the pyramid of Senusret II, almost 1000 years later. The egyptologists Vito Maraglioglio and Celeste Rinaldi proposed that this unique feature was chosen by the Egyptian architects in order to free the north side of the pyramid for the construction of a temple. Aidan Dodson showed however that in this situation, the pyramid construction ramp would have "impinged on any northern temple construction even more damagingly". Rather, he explains this unique eastern entrance as resulting from a desire by the architects to allow for an easy access to the pyramid store rooms, located immediately beneath the eastern entrance.
The entrance immediately leads to a long steep stairway and then down on to a corridor which heads west. The corridor ends in a straight vertical shaft, at the top of which is the so called upper corridor, an unfinished passage which goes south toward the center of the pyramid. At the bottom of the shaft is a T-shaped crossway. To the left, this crossway leads south to the lower corridor, half-way of which is a narrow stairway, so narrow that a sarcophagus could hardly have been passed through it. The lower corridor then finishes in the king's burial chamber. In this area of the stairway, Barsanti drew another gallery leading above the burial chamber, but this gallery is absent in Reisner's and Fisher's notes.
To the right of the T-shaped crossway is a U-shaped gallery system. The ground plan of the gallery system resembles that of a comb, comprising rows of chambers, totalling 32, which were possibly destined to be storage rooms for the gravegoods. The gallery proved to be "clean and empty, as if the workmen had only left".
The king's burial chamber is located below ground, is nearly square in shape, with a base of , and a ceiling height of . The burial chamber contained no traces of a sarcophagus, which together with the absence of artefacts in the gallery, hints to the premature death of the king.
Funerary Complex and Necropolis.
Funerary Complex.
Interestingly, the funerary complex of the layer pyramid shows no trace of an enclosure wall, which is present in both earlier and later pyramid complexes. This could be because the stones constituting the wall were robbed over time, or simply because the wall was never started, being usually the last element of the pyramid complex to be built.
At the eastern side of the pyramid, the remnants of brick walls could indicate the presence of a mortuary temple, but the archaeological traces are so tenuous that any closer examination and more precise reconstruction is impossible today. The same goes for the ruins of a building several hundred metres away from the pyramid, and which might have been the valley temple. If this was indeed a valley temple, its east-west orientation would be unique in all pyramid complexes.
Necropolis.
The layer pyramid is surrounded by a total of five cemeteries dating to the 1st Dynasty, 2nd Dynasty, late 3rd Dynasty, 18th Dynasty and Roman Period. Of these cemeteries, only the one dating to the late 3rd Dynasty contains large tombs, of which are four mud brick mastabas. Reisner and Fisher observe that this is to be expected of the necropolis surrounding the pyramid of a pharaoh, the large tombs being those of the royal family and court officials. In particular, around north of the layer pyramid is a huge mastaba, today known as "Mastaba Z500", which yielded eight marble bowls inscribed with the serekh of king Khaba. Reisner and Fisher therefore conclude that ""if the mastabas belong to people connected with the king who built the pyramid, it is probable that the king’s name was Khaba"". This opinion is shared by most egyptologists who attribute the layer pyramid to Khaba.
Datation and attribution.
The architecture of the layer pyramid allows a secure datation in the time span between the rulership of king Sekhemkhet and that of king Snofru, the founder of the 4th Dynasty. Rainer Stadelmann, Miroslav Verner and Jean-Philippe Lauer compare the architecture of the layer pyramid with that of the step pyramids of Djoser and Sekhemkhet, expecting the layer pyramid to have originally consisted of five steps, just as its near-contemporary predecessors. The layer pyramid exhibits at one site both complex developements concerning its substructures and simplifications concerning the building methods employed for the superstructure. According to these egyptologists, the layer pyramid is a clearly advanced version of the buried pyramid of Sekhemkhet.
The remaining problem about the layer pyramid is the question of who had it built. Most scholars today believe that it was king Khaba of the late 3rd Dynasty. This conclusion is based on stone bowls and vases bearing the serekh of Khaba discovered in Mastaba Z500, located just north of the pyramid. Rainer Stadelmann goes further and identifies Khaba with king Huni, the last ruler of the 3rd Dynasty. His hypothesis is based on his reading of the Turin canon, a kinglist compiled in the early Ramesside period c. 1300 BC, some 1400 years after Huni's lifetime. The Turin canon credits Huni with a relatively long reign of 24 years. According to Stadelmann, this time would be sufficient to cover the time span needed to complete the building of the layer pyramid. He also argues that royal monuments of the first three Egyptian dynasties only present a king's horus name in a serekh and only later do they record the throne- or birth name. Thus, the serekh of Khaba could possibly correspond to the throne name Huni. In this case, the layer pyramid would be Huni's tomb. This conclusion is contested by most egyptologists who think that Huni instead built the Meidum Pyramid, point to the apparent unfinished state of the layer pyramid and identify Khaba with king Hudjefa II mentioned on the Turin canon.

</doc>
<doc id="2898812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898812" title="Blur">
Blur

Blur may refer to:
In vision and optics:

</doc>
<doc id="2898818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898818" title="Barillas">
Barillas

Barillas is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898822" title="The Masquerader (1914 film)">
The Masquerader (1914 film)

The Masquerader is a 1914 film written and directed by Charles Chaplin and starring Chaplin and Roscoe Arbuckle. Its running time is 9 minutes. It is the tenth film directed and the second written by Chaplin.
Synopsis.
Charlie plays an actor who bungles several scenes and is kicked out. He returns convincingly dressed as a lady and charms the director, but Charlie never makes it into the film. The plot involving a man dressing up as a woman is quite popular in old silent movies.

</doc>
<doc id="2898824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898824" title="Transfer molding">
Transfer molding

Transfer molding, ( BrE moulding ) like compression molding, is a process where the amount of molding material (usually a thermoset plastic) is measured and inserted before the molding takes place. The molding material is preheated and loaded into a chamber known as the "pot". A plunger is then used to force the material from the pot through channels known as a sprue and runner system into the mold cavities. The mold remains closed as the material is inserted and is opened to release the part from the sprue and runner. The mold walls are heated to a temperature above the melting point of the mold material; this allows a faster flow of material through the cavities.
"Transfer Molding." This is an automated operation that combines compression-, molding, and transfer-molding processes. This combination has the good surface finish, dimensional stability, and mechanical properties obtained in compression molding and the high-automation capability and low cost of injection molding and transfer molding. Transfer Molding is having a "piston and cylinder"-like device built into the mold so that the rubber is squirted into the cavity through small holes. A piece of uncured rubber is placed into a portion of the transfer mold called the "pot." The mold is closed and under hydraulic pressure the rubber or plastic is forced through a small hole (the "gate") into the cavity. The mold is held closed while the plastic or rubber cures. The plunger is raised up and the "transfer pad" material may be removed and thrown away. The transfer mold is opened and the part can be removed. The flash and the gate may need to be trimmed. Another key point is that a premeasured amount of thermosetting plastic in powder, preform, and even granular form can be placed into the heating chamber. 
The molds in both compression and transfer molding remain closed until the curing reaction within the material is complete. Ejector pins are usually incorporated into the design of the molding tool and are used to push the part from the mold once it has hardened. These types of molding are ideal for high production runs as they have short production cycles. Transfer molding, unlike compression molding uses a closed mold, so smaller tolerances and more intricate parts can be achieved. The fixed cost of the tooling in transfer molding is greater than in compression molding and as both methods produce waste material, whether it be flash or the material remaining in the sprue and runners, transfer molding is the more expensive process.
In the semiconductor industry, package encapsulation is usually done with transfer molding due to the high accuracy of transfer molding tooling and low cycle time of the process.
However, the drive to introduce "Green" manufacturing is becoming a mandatory process in most semicon assembly operations. New transfer mold designs integrated with suitable surface treatments like CrN, MiCC and H Cr plating are becoming more popular in the industry.
Some common products are utensil handles, electric appliance parts, electronic component, and connectors. Transfer molding is widely used to enclose or encapsulate items such as coils, integrated circuits, plugs, connectors, and other components.
"Plunger molding" is a variation on transfer molding, where an auxiliary ram exerts pressure on the material being molded. This approach often performs better in fully automatic operation.
References.
abcd

</doc>
<doc id="2898825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898825" title="Albert Edward Kemp">
Albert Edward Kemp

Sir Albert Edward Kemp, KCMG, PC (August 11, 1858 – August 12, 1929) was a Canadian businessman and politician. Kemp was a Canadian Minister of Militia and Defence and Minister of the Overseas Military Forces during World War I. A Conservative and Unionist, Kemp was elected five times to the Canadian House of Commons as the Member of Parliament for electoral district of Toronto East. He was appointed to the Senate of Canada by Prime Minister Arthur Meighen in 1921.
Background.
Edward Kemp was born in Saint-Georges-de-Clarenceville, Quebec in what was then Canada East. Kemp's father was a farmer and country merchant who was an immigrant from Yorkshire, England; his mother was Canadian-born. He was raised near the village of Clarenceville, where he attended Clarenceville Academy, and later studied at the academy in Lacolle, excelling in mathematics, but he did not finish. Leaving home at 16, Kemp headed to Montreal and eventually gaining employment as a bookkeeper at a hardware store.
Business ambition.
At the age of 20, Kemp became engaged to Cecilia Wilson. Soon afterwards, he and a partner opened a manufacturing and retailing shop on St Catherine Street in Montreal. He and Cecilia moved to Toronto in 1885, where he entered into partnership with Thomas McDonald, owner of the struggling Dominion Tin and Stamping Works. In 1888 Kemp bought out McDonald and formed the Kemp Manufacturing Company with his younger brother, William Arthur, who had left the lumber trade in Quebec to apply his talents in Toronto. Kemp served as president of the Canadian Manufacturers' Association in 1895 and 1896, and as president of the Toronto Board of Trade in 1899 and 1900. The brothers expanded their operations and opened plants in Montreal and Winnipeg, eventually reorganizing their business as the Sheet Metal Products Company of Canada Limited in 1911.
Political ambition.
Kemp was elected five times to the Canadian House of Commons as the Member of Parliament for the Ontario electoral district of Toronto East. He was first elected in the Canadian federal election of 1900, and was re-elected in 1904. He lost in 1908 to an "independent Conservative", Joseph Russell, who had been nominated by some constituents who were unhappy with Kemp's connections to the Albany Club and Toronto's wealthy class, and who also charged that Kemp was hiring foreign workers at low wages at the expense of Canadians. Out of office, Kemp threw his efforts into rebuilding the Conservative machine in Ontario as well as paying off its debts. He used his business connections to rally opposition to the Laurier government's Naval Service Bill as well as its plans for reciprocity with the United States - a campaign to which he recruited prominent Ontario Liberals. Through Kemp's efforts, he regained his seat in 1911 and helped Robert Borden defeat Laurier to become Prime Minister. Borden rewarded Kemp by appointing him minister without portfolio in his first Cabinet.
World War I.
During World War I Kemp sat as a Unionist in the coalition government formed under Robert Borden. Kemp played an increasingly important part in the government of Canada during the war years. In 1915 he was appointed chairman of the War Purchasing Commission; in 1916, he succeeded Sam Hughes as Minister of Militia and Defence; and in 1917 he went to London as Minister of the Overseas Military Forces of Canada, a portfolio which he retained until the demobilization of the Canadian overseas forces was completed. In 1918 he was a member of the Imperial War Cabinet; and in 1919 he was one of the commissioners representing Canada at the Paris Peace Conference. For his service during World War I, he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1917.
On November 4, 1921, Kemp was appointed to the Canadian Senate on the recommendation of Prime Minister Arthur Meighen. He represented the senatorial division of Toronto, Ontario until his death.
Personal.
Kemp married Cecilia Amanda Wilson (1858–1924) in 1879 and had three daughters: Alice Irene, Hazel Beatrice, and Florence E. Kemp.
Hazel married Captain F. Chattan Stephens of Montreal, who was a son of liberal politician George Washington Stephens and half-brother to Saar president George Washington Stephens, Jr.. Their only son, John H. C. Stephens, and F. Chattan's mother, Frances McIntosh Stephens, perished in the sinking of the "RMS Lusitania" in 1915.
After the death of his first wife Kemp remarried to Virginia Copping in 1925. By her first marriage to Norman Copping she had two daughters, Cynthia and Virginia.
Albert Edward Kemp died at Pigeon Lake in 1929 and was buried in Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="2898829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898829" title="Scottish Corpus of Texts and Speech">
Scottish Corpus of Texts and Speech

The Scottish Corpus of Texts & Speech (SCOTS) is an ongoing project to build a corpus of modern-day (post-1940) written and spoken texts in Scottish English and varieties of Scots. SCOTS has been available online since November 2004, and can be freely searched and browsed. By the end of the project, in mid-2007, SCOTS aims to increase the size of the text collection to 4 million words.
The project is a venture by the Department of English Language and STELLA project at the University of Glasgow. SCOTS is grant-funded by the Arts and Humanities Research Council.
Language variety.
SCOTS contains texts in Scottish English and varieties of broad Scots, including Doric, Lallans, urban varieties such as Glaswegian and Insular Scots. SCOTS contains a geographical spread of texts as well as a demographic spread. Each text is accompanied by extensive metadata, including such information as author’s decade of birth, gender, occupation, birthplace and place of residence, and details about the text such as publication information, audience, date and genre.
Genre and mode.
SCOTS is a multimedia corpus, containing written texts and spoken texts, available as orthographic transcriptions, accompanied by source audio or video files. SCOTS includes a large number of genres and text types, including prose fiction, poetry, business and personal correspondence, religious texts, parliamentary and administrative documents, emails, conversations and interviews.
Search and analysis.
SCOTS can be investigated in various ways, depending on the user’s interest. The corpus can be browsed, for example by the author’s name or date of the text, and all texts can be downloaded in plain text format. 
Transcriptions are synchronised with audio / video files, which are streamed and may also be downloaded. 
An Advanced Search facility allows the user to build up more complex queries, choosing from all the fields available in the metadata. Geographical results are plotted on an interactive map, so regional variation may be investigated. 
Advanced Search results can also be viewed as a KWIC concordance, which can be reordered to highlight collocational patterns. 

</doc>
<doc id="2898833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898833" title="Kim Kaphwan">
Kim Kaphwan

Kap-hwan Kim (キム・カッファン "Kimu Kaffan", sometimes written as 김갑환 "Kim Kap-hwan"), usually written surname first as Kim Kap-hwan, is a character in both the "Fatal Fury" and "The King of Fighters" series created by SNK Playmore (formerly SNK). He is credited as the first ever fictional Korean character to appear in a fighting game. Kim is first introduced in "Fatal Fury 2" as a playable character. In the series Kim is a master of taekwondo, and also considers himself a fighter of justice. Since Kim was young and during his taekwondo training sessions, he was always reminded to fight for justice, and use the martial art as a way to accomplish this. He is also a regular character from "The King of Fighters", in which he is the leader of the Korea Team and spends the time trying to rehabilitate his two team mates, Chang Koehan and Choi Bounge, out from their criminal lives. He also appears in the "Fatal Fury" animated films and comics adaptations from the video games.
Although appearing in most "The King of Fighters" games, Kim was not originally meant to appear on its first game and was removed from the first due to complaints from designers. However, Kim's character has been well received by gamers, who commonly vote him in popularity polls developed by video games journals and websites. He has also received comments from video games publications, which praised his development in the SNK games, but criticized his absence in "KOF: Maximum Impact".
Conception and creation.
Kim was originally named "Haifon Kim" but that idea was later dropped because it was not a valid Korean name. After a talk with Kim Kap-hwan, the president of the Korean company Viccom, the SNK staff decided to rename the character Kim Kaphwan.
Kim's addition to "The King of Fighters" series was considered to be forced; the game was meant to have a Fugitive Team composed of Chang Koehan and Choi Bounge and an unknown criminal. However, due to certain circumstances, Kim was the one who had Choi and Chang as his teammates as the leader of the Korea Team. Originally, Kim was going to enter the first entry of the "Maximum Impact" series under the pseudonym "Mr. Taekwondo" -in the same fashion as "Art of Fighting"'s Mr.Karate. Due to veteran designers' complaints and other difficulties at the time, it was finally decided to leave Kim out of the game's lineup but add another character like him to replace his absence. While several other characters were considered for the spot -including other SNK characters such as Jhun Hoon, May Lee, and "Buriki One" character Seo Yong Song- a fellow developer voiced interest in creating another female Taekwondo fighter with the same "professional" manner as Kim, which eventually formed the basis for Chae Lim.
Personality.
One of Kim's defining characteristics is his strong, inherent sense of justice. It is to the point where he has the innate ability to tell whether or not someone is evil or holds dark intentions just by looking at that person. As such, whenever Kim fights against an evil character (e.g. Rugal Bernstein, Geese Howard, etc.), Kim has a special opening pose, in which, he glares menacingly at the evil opponent, and he slowly raises his hand and points at the opponent, saying "Aku wa yurusan!" (Japanese for "I don't forgive evil!") "Hah!" and jumps into his fighting stance.
Kim strives for excellence and righteousness in everything he does, be it his fighting or personal life. He is deeply respected and admired by his acquaintances for his honesty and bravery, and has many friends amongst the characters in both "King of Fighters" and "Fatal Fury". However, the Fatal Fury Team ending in "King of Fighters XI" shows that Kim might be quite an annoyance at times as well; in this case, he spends the whole time talking about justice and its power. Kim also has two sons, Kim Dong Hwan and Kim Jae Hoon, as well as a wife (named Myeng Swuk in ""), as well as many others in his dojang.
Appearances.
In video games.
Kim first appears in "Fatal Fury 2" as a playable character. He travels to Southtown fight Wolfgang Krauser, who was looking for some decent challenges in the King of Fighters fighting tournament. On the way, he encounters the former King of Fighters champion Terry Bogard. They soon become good friends, and ever since, Kim always agrees to help Terry in all that he can, though a definite rivalry is maintained. He also appears in all the "Real Bout" games from the series. He is also present in ', a 3D game which retells the story from the but with characters from the sequels including Kim. He does not appear in the latest game '. In the plot Kim was defeated by a criminal known as Freeman, and his two sons enter the new King of Fighters tournament to avenge him.
In "The King of Fighters", Kim is considered as both a sport and national hero in his native Korea. This status is what enabled him to convince the authorities to give him custody over Chang Koehan and Choi Bounge to rehabilitate them out of their criminal ways. Although both men resent Kim for his actions, they later grow up to grudgingly respect him. Due to the increase of required members in "The King of Fighters '99", Kim's rival, Jhun Hoon, joins the Korea Team. However, in "The King of Fighters 2001", Jhun has an accident, and he is replaced by Kim's student, May Lee. By "The King of Fighters 2003", the requirements of members return to three and this time the members of the Korea Team are Kim, Jhun and Chang. In "The King of Fighters XI", Kim appears as a member of the Fatal Fury Team along with Terry Bogard and Duck King as the team needed one more member. In "The King of Fighters XII", Kim is a playable character, but like each of them, he does not have a team. As "The King of Fighters XIII" has returned to assigning the characters into official teams, Kim is cast as the leader of his team, composing of himself, Raiden, and Hwa Jai (both from ""). He is teamed with the men because, after "rehabilitating" Chang and Choi, he seeks out Raiden and Hwa Jai believing they are still working for Geese (they are not but they pretend that they still do so they can compete in The King of Fighters tournament). The games from the series which do not contain plot, "The King of Fighters '98" and "The King of Fighters 2002", also feature Kim along with Choi and Chang in the Korea Team. In the console version of "The King of Fighters Neowave", Kim appears as a hidden character without an official team.
In the spin-off game, "The King of Fighters Kyo", Kim is not playable but he can be aided by the lead character Kyo Kusanagi in order to train Chang and Choi. In the two games for the Game Boy Advance titled "EX: Neo Blood" and "EX2", the Korea Team is featured in its original form. Kim does not appear in ' as he was replaced with his pupil Chae Lim. However, he is a hidden character in ' and also makes a cameo in Chae Lim's ending. He also appears in the crossovers "Neo Geo Battle Coliseum" and the ""SNK vs. Capcom" series" as a playable character.
In other media.
Kim also appears in two of the three animated films from "Fatal Fury" in which he takes supporting roles. He is voiced by Daiki Nakamura in the Japanese versions, and by David Kaye in the English dub. In ', Kim challenges Terry to fight after learning that he defeated the former crime lord from Southtown Geese Howard to test his own strength. Although he is defeated, he and Terry become good friends. In the sequel, ', he also appears reunting with Terry and his friends along with his family searching to have a rematch with Terry. However, during the meeting Cheng Sin-Zan (from Fatal Fury 2), enhanced by cyber-armor attacks all the people, and Kim is seriously injured. Despite his wounds, Kim manages to defeat Cheng, but spends most of the time of the film recovering. He also stars in manhua from the video games which retell his actions from the games.
Reception.
Gamers have well-received Kim's character, appearing in various polls developed by journals and websites. In "Gamest"'s 1997 Heroes Collection, Kim was voted as the staff's tenth favorite character. In a 2005 poll made by SNK-Playmore USA, he was voted as the tenth fan favorite character with a total of 119 votes. "Gamest" magazine ranked Kim at No. 44 in Top 50 Characters of 1994 (sharing the spot with three other characters).
Kim has received comments from video games reviewers, who added praise and criticism to his character. Kurt Kalata from Armchairempire.com commented on Kim's introduction in the series to be a big improvement for the series, praising him to later become a regular character in "The King of Fighters". In another review, Simon Wigham from Console Obsession agreed on this, also noting that Kim later became a legend from "The King of Fighters." Kim was also commented to be a favourite absent in ' by Chris Wigham from the same site. On the other hand, Wigham then added that his replacement, Chae Lim, is basically a clone from Kim as they have the same moves. However, GameSpot reviewer Greg Kasavin liked the addition of Kim to ' as he noted that his 3D design was not just a rehash and instead a completely different. Kasavin also listed his "Phoenix Kick" move first introduced in "Fatal Fury 2" as the sixth best move in a fighting game, labelling it as one of "the coolest-looking moves in any fighting game" which helped to popularize SNK's games. Kim's appearance in "The King of Fighters XII" was criticized for lacking several of his recurring special moves. IGN writer Anthony Chau liked the found Kim's son as his favourite characters from "" due to how similar their fighting styles are to Kim's as well as their relation. In 2012, "Complex" ranked Kim as the 35th "Most Dominant Fighting Game Character".

</doc>
<doc id="2898835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898835" title="Chi Aurigae">
Chi Aurigae

Chi Aurigae (χ Aur, χ Aurigae) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Auriga. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.74. The annual parallax shift of this object is much smaller than the measurement error, making distance estimates by that means unreliable. The estimated distance to this star is approximately 3,000 light years. The brightness of the star is diminished by 1.26 in magnitude from extinction caused by intervening gas and dust.
Chi Aurigae is a spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 676.85 d and an eccentricity of 0.12. The primary component of this system is a supergiant star with a stellar classification of B5 Iab. It has a stellar wind that is causing mass loss at the rate of 0.38–0.46 × 10–9 solar masses per year, or the equivalent of the Sun's mass every 2.4 billion years.

</doc>
<doc id="2898839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898839" title="Connolly Column">
Connolly Column

The Connolly Column (, ) was the name given to the Irish volunteers who fought for the Second Spanish Republic in the International Brigades during the Spanish Civil War. They were named after James Connolly, the executed leader of the Irish Citizen Army. They made up the 15th Brigade, inclusive of the US, British and Latin American battalions in Spain.
Origins.
On the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in July 1936, the Irish Republican and socialist, Peadar O'Donnell was in Barcelona for the "People's Olympics" – held in opposition to the Olympic Games being held in Berlin under the Nazi regime. O'Donnell sympathised with the anarchist workers militia that defeated the attempted military coup in the city and joined one of their militias on the Aragon front.
On his return to Ireland, O'Donnell urged the formation of Irish volunteer regiments to support the Popular Front government. Most of the Irish volunteers came from the Irish Republican Army (IRA) or the more left-wing group, the Republican Congress. Some of the IRA leadership had been oriented towards left-wing and often communist politics since the late 1920s, so the sympathy of many of its members with the Spanish Republic was unsurprising.
Motivation.
As well as sympathy for the Spanish Republic, many Irish Republican volunteers were also motivated by enmity towards the Irish Brigade, an 800 strong force that volunteered in late 1936 to fight on the Spanish Nationalist side. This antagonism dated back to the Irish Civil War of 1922–23, when some of the predecessors of the two factions had fought on opposing sides. In 1932–33 small groups of IRA men and Blueshirts had fought each other in the streets with fists, bats and occasionally guns; the Blueshirts were outlawed in 1933.
Some of these men on both sides saw the Spanish conflict as a continuation of Ireland's own civil war. Neither group had a candidate elected in any Irish elections, despite the hardships of the Great Depression. Already a small group, some left-leaning IRA or ex-IRA men had formed the breakaway Republican Congress in 1934, which also divided later that year.
Not all the volunteers were Irish Republicans, however, as the Irish International Brigaders included many other strains of socialist and left wing ideology. They even included a communist ex-clergyman, Robert Hilliard.
Bill Gannon, former IRA member who had been among the assassins of Justice Minister Kevin O'Higgins in 1927, and who later joined the Irish Communist Party, had a major role in the recruitment and organising.
In Spain.
In December 1936, led by former IRA officer Frank Ryan, eighty volunteers arrived in Spain. The majority came from the Irish Free State but there were also a group of socialists from Belfast and other parts of Northern Ireland. Those who went included Michael O'Riordan, Charles Donnelly, Eddie O'Flaherty, Paul Burns, Jackie Hunt, Bill Henry, Eamon McGrotty, Bill Beattie, Paddy McLaughlin, Bill Henry, Peter O'Connor, Peter Power, Johnny Power, Liam Tumilson, Jim Stranney, Willie O'Hanlon, Ben Murray and Fred McMahon. Many were members of the Communist Party of Ireland.
After travelling through southern France by train to Perpignan, they went to the training at Albacete in Spain run by André Marty. Some Irish volunteers refused to serve in the British Battalion due to their Irish Republican convictions. Indeed Frank Ryan on one occasion threatened to shoot an English volunteer when he found out that he had served in the Black and Tans in the Irish War of Independence. As a result of these tensions, some of the Irish left the British to join the American Abraham Lincoln Brigade. These volunteers are the Irishmen usually referred to as the Connolly Column, although they were not a formal unit and other Irish volunteers fought in other units of the Brigades. The Connolly Column suffered heavy losses at the battle of Jarama, near Madrid in (February 1937). Charlie Donnelly, Eamon McGrotty, Bill Henry, Liam Tumilson and Bill Beattie were all killed during this battle.
Frank Ryan was badly wounded at Jarama in February 1937 and returned to Ireland to recuperate. On his return to Spain he was appointed adjutant to the Republican General José Miaja. Ryan was captured during the Aragón offensive on 1 April 1938 and was held at the Miranda del Ebro detention camp. He was sentenced to death but after representations from Éamon de Valera his sentence was commuted to thirty years hard labour. Irish Volunteers also took part in the Battle of Ebro in July 1938, the last, doomed, Republican offensive of the war.
The surviving Irish volunteers were repatriated to Ireland after September 1938, when the Republican government disbanded the International Brigades in the vain hope of securing military aid from other democracies and of getting the fascist troops from Italy and Germany to withdraw. Michael O'Riordan went on to become General Secretary of the Communist Party of Ireland in 1970.
Though a small unit, sources differ on the numbers involved. The Brigade's British and Irish roll of honour lists 36 Irishmen killed in Spain in the war. O'Riordan listed 145 men, and "..of that number 61 never came back".
Related material.
Christy Moore's song "Viva la Quince Brigada" is about the Irish volunteers who fought with the International Brigades in the Spanish Civil War, and was inspired by Michael O'Riordan's book, "Connolly Column".

</doc>
<doc id="2898840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898840" title="Ax-les-Thermes">
Ax-les-Thermes

Ax-les-Thermes () is a commune in the Ariège department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southwestern France.
It lies at the confluence of the Ariège River with three tributaries, 26 miles SSE of Foix by rail. The Ax 3 Domaines winter sports resort is situated in the commune.
Geography.
Ax-les-Thermes is situated in the Pyrénées, close to Andorra, and stands on the confluence of the Oriège, Ariège and Lauze rivers.
Spa.
Ax (from Latin "Aquae" – water; French "Thermes" – hot springs), situated at an elevation of , is well known for its sulphurous hot springs (), of which there are about sixty. The waters, which were used by the Romans, are claimed to treat rheumatism, skin diseases, and other maladies. The springs were developed in the medieval period on the orders of Saint Louis to treat soldiers returning from the Crusades afflicted with leprosy. From the nineteenth century, a spa tourism industry developed.
The Bassin des Ladres (Lepers' Pond), in the centre of the town, is fed by hot springs supplying water from the ground at a temperature of 77°C. The best known fountain is the "fountain of cannons". A hospital is situated only one metre from the basin. The pond was built by Roger, Count of Foix, during the reign of Saint Louis. Every year on St John's Day, the Axéens, having been daubed with ashes, bathe in the Lepers' Pond for fun.
Administration.
The mayor of Ax-les-Thermes in office from 2008 to 2014 is Pierre Peyronne, of the Socialist Party.
Population.
Its inhabitants are called "Axéens".
Economy.
The local economy is mainly based on livestock (cattle, sheep), the spas, winter sports and tourism in general. The town benefits especially from spa tourism, skiing and its casino. Its proximity to Andorra enables cross-border shopping. The Ax 3 Domaines winter sports resort is situated in the commune and served as the finish line for stage 14 of the 2010 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="2898843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898843" title="Hymen Lipman">
Hymen Lipman

Hymen L. Lipman (March 20, 1817 - November 4, 1893) is credited with registering the first patent for a pencil with an attached eraser on March 30, 1858 ().
Hymen L. Lipman was born March 20, 1817, in Kingston, Jamaica, to English parents. He emigrated to the United States around 1829 with them, arriving in Philadelphia, Pa., where he resided for the remainder of his life.
In 1840, Lipman succeeded Samuel M. Stewart, then the leading stationer in Philadelphia. Three years later, he started the first envelope company in the U.S.
In 1848, he was married to Mary A. Lehman, daughter of Peter Lehman, one of the founders of the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy. They had a son and two daughters.
In 1862, Lipman sold his patent to Joseph Reckendorfer for $100,000, who went to sue the pencil manufacturer Faber for infringement. In 1875 the Supreme Court of the United States ruled against Reckendorfer declaring the patent invalid because his invention was actually a combination of two already known things with no new use.

</doc>
<doc id="2898851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898851" title="Upsilon Aurigae">
Upsilon Aurigae

Upsilon Aurigae (υ Aur, υ Aurigae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Auriga. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.74, which means it is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye. Based upon parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission, this star is approximately distant from the Earth.
This is an evolved red giant star with a stellar classification of M0 III. It is a suspected variable star and is currently on the asymptotic giant branch, which means it is generating energy at its core through the fusion of helium. The measured angular diameter of this star, after correction for limb darkening, is . At the estimated distance of Upsilon Aurigae, this yields a physical size of about 73 times the radius of the Sun.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2898860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898860" title="Boston Common (TV series)">
Boston Common (TV series)

Boston Common is an American television sitcom that ran on NBC from 1996 to 1997 and set in Boston. It starred Anthony Clark and was one of the 10 highest rated shows in its first season as it ranked 8th in the yearly ratings and was viewed by an average of 14.96 million households per episode, but with a move to Sundays in its second season, the show dropped from 8th to 51st.
Plot.
Boyd Pritchett (Anthony Clark), a genial, easy-going twenty-something from Virginia who delivers his sister Wyleen (Hedy Burress) to college in Boston. Then Boyd falls in love with Joy (Traylor Howard) and decides to stay, much to Wyleen's dismay. Boyd eventually gets a job at the college and shares an apartment with Wyleen whose inclination is to be sexually active, but Boyd tries to inspire her with his chaste pursuit of Joy. The cast included Tasha Smith, Vincent Ventresca and Steve Paymer in supporting roles (and later Roger Rees) and also boasted a long list of recurring character actors, including Leah Lail, Robin Duke, Sam Anderson, D.C. Douglas, Margot Kidder and Zach Galifianakis in his early appearance. The show was created by Max Mutchnick and David Kohan. They based the fictional school on Emerson College in Boston, which Clark and Mutchnick attended in real life.

</doc>
<doc id="2898861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898861" title="Basaburua">
Basaburua

Basaburua is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898865" title="Albert Kemp">
Albert Kemp

Albert E. Kemp was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s, playing at club level for Castleford.

</doc>
<doc id="2898867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898867" title="Waldenström's macroglobulinemia">
Waldenström's macroglobulinemia

Waldenström's macroglobulinemia (WM, also known as lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma) is cancer affecting B cells, a type of white blood cell. The main attributing antibody is immunoglobulin M (IgM). WM is an "indolent lymphoma," (i.e., one that tends to grow and spread slowly). It is a type of lymphoproliferative disease, which shares clinical characteristics with the indolent non-Hodgkin lymphomas.
The disease, named after the Swedish oncologist Jan G. Waldenström, was first identified in 1944. As with other lymphomas, the disease is characterized by an uncontrolled increase of B-cells, i.e., white blood cells formed in the bone marrow and lymph nodes. The proliferation of B-cells interferes with the production of red blood cells, resulting in anemia. A unique characteristic of the disease is that the B-cells produce excess amounts of immunoglobulin protein (IgM), thickening the blood, and requiring additional treatment. WM is a rare disease, with only about 1,500 cases per year in the U.S. While the disease is incurable, it is treatable. Because of its indolent nature, many patients are able to lead active lives, and, when treatment is required, may experience years of symptom-free remission.
History and classification.
WM was first described by Jan G. Waldenström (1906–1996) in 1944 in two patients with bleeding from the nose and mouth, anemia, decreased levels of fibrinogen in the blood (hypofibrinogenemia), swollen lymph nodes, neoplastic plasma cells in bone marrow, and increased viscosity of the blood due to increased levels of a class of heavy proteins called macroglobulins.
For a time, WM was considered to be related to multiple myeloma due to the presence of monoclonal gammopathy and infiltration of the bone marrow and other organs by plasmacytoid lymphocytes. The new World Health Organization (WHO) classification, however, places WM under the category of lymphoplasmacytic lymphomas, itself a subcategory of the indolent (low-grade) non-Hodgkin lymphomas. In recent years, there have been significant advances in the understanding and treatment of WM.
Causes.
Waldenström's macroglobulinemia is characterized by an uncontrolled clonal proliferation of terminally differentiated B lymphocytes. Somatic mutations in MYD88 causing a change from leucine to proline at amino acid position 265 occur in over 90% of patients. Recently, somatic mutations in the C-terminal domain of CXCR4 which are similar to those that appear in the germline of patients with WHIM syndrome were reported, along with small deletions effecting many genes involved in B-cell lymphoma genesis There has been an association demonstrated with the locus 6p21.3 on chromosome 6. There is a 2- to 3-fold risk increase of developing WM in people with a personal history of autoimmune diseases with autoantibodies and particularly elevated risks associated with hepatitis, human immunodeficiency virus, and rickettsiosis.
There are genetic factors, with first-degree relatives shown to have a highly increased risk of also contracting Waldenström's. There is also evidence to suggest that environmental factors including exposure to farming, pesticides, wood dust, and organic solvents may influence the development of Waldenström's.
Biochemistry.
Although believed to be a sporadic disease, studies have shown increased susceptibility within families, indicating a genetic component. A mutation in gene MYD88 has been found to occur frequently in patients. WM cells show only minimal changes in cytogenetic and gene expression studies. Their miRNA signature however differs from their normal counterpart. It is therefore believed that epigenetic modifications play a crucial role in the disease.
Comparative genomic hybridization identified the following chromosomal abnormalities: deletions of 6q23 and 13q14, and gains of 3q13-q28, 6p and 18q. FGFR3 is overexpressed.
The following signalling pathways have been implicated:
The protein Src tyrosine kinase is overexpressed in Waldenström macroglobulinemia cells compared with control B cells. Inhibition of Src arrests the cell cycle at phase G1 and has little effect on the survival of WM or normal cells.
MicroRNAs involved in Waldenström's:
MicroRNA-155 regulates the proliferation and growth of WM cells in vitro and in vivo, by inhibiting MAPK/ERK, PI3/AKT, and NF-κB pathways.
In WM-cells, histone deacetylases and histone-modifying genes are de-regulated.
Bone marrow tumour cells express the following antigen targets CD20 (98.3%), CD22 (88.3%), CD40 (83.3%), CD52 (77.4%), IgM (83.3%), MUC1 core protein (57.8%), and 1D10 (50%).
Epidemiology.
Of all cancers involving the same class of blood cell, 1% of cases are WM.
WM is a rare disorder, with fewer than 1,500 cases occurring in the United States annually. The median age of onset of WM is between 60 and 65 years, with some cases occurring in late teens.
Symptoms.
Symptoms of WM include weakness, fatigue, weight loss and chronic oozing of blood from the nose and gums. Peripheral neuropathy can occur in 10% of patients. Lymphadenopathy, splenomegaly, and/or hepatomegaly are present in 30-40% of cases. Other possible symptoms include blurring or loss of vision, headache, and (rarely) stroke or coma.
Pathophysiology.
Symptoms include blurring or loss of vision, headache, and (rarely) stroke or coma are due to the effects of the IgM paraprotein, which may cause autoimmune phenomenon or cryoglobulinemia. Other symptoms of WM are due to the hyperviscosity syndrome, which is present in 6-20% of patients. This is attributed to the IgM monoclonal protein increasing the viscosity of the blood by forming aggregates to each other, binding water through their carbohydrate component and by their interaction with blood cells.
Diagnosis.
A diagnosis of Waldenström's macroglobulinemia depends on a significant monoclonal IgM spike evident in blood tests and malignant cells consistent with the disease in bone marrow biopsy samples. Blood tests show the level of IgM in the blood and the presence of proteins, or tumor markers, that are the key symptoms of WM. A bone marrow biopsy provides a sample of bone marrow, usually from the back of the pelvis bone. The sample is extracted through a needle and examined under a microscope. A pathologist identifies the particular lymphocytes that indicate WM. Flow cytometry may be used to examine markers on the cell surface or inside the lymphocytes.
Additional tests such as computed tomography (CT or CAT) scan may be used to evaluate the chest, abdomen, and pelvis, particularly swelling of the lymph nodes, liver, and spleen. A skeletal survey can help distinguish between WM and multiple myeloma. Anemia is typically found in 80% of patients with WM. Leukopenia, and thrombocytopenia may be observed. Neutropenia may also be found in some patients.
Chemistry tests include lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) levels, uric acid levels, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), renal and hepatic function, total protein levels, and an albumin-to-globulin ratio.
The ESR and uric acid level may be elevated.
Creatinine is occasionally elevated and electrolytes are occasionally abnormal. Hypercalcemia is noted in approximately 4% of patients.
The LDH level is frequently elevated, indicating the extent of Waldenström macroglobulinemia–related tissue involvement.
Rheumatoid factor, cryoglobulins, direct antiglobulin test and cold agglutinin titre results can be positive.
Beta-2-microglobulin and C-reactive protein test results are not specific for Waldenström macroglobulinemia. Beta-2-microglobulin is elevated in proportion to tumor mass.
Coagulation abnormalities may be present. Prothrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time, thrombin time, and fibrinogen tests should be performed. Platelet aggregation studies are optional.
Serum protein electrophoresis results indicate evidence of a monoclonal spike but cannot establish the spike as IgM. An M component with beta-to-gamma mobility is highly suggestive of Waldenström macroglobulinemia.
Immunoelectrophoresis and immunofixation studies help identify the type of immunoglobulin, the clonality of the light chain, and the monoclonality and quantitation of the paraprotein.
High-resolution electrophoresis and serum and urine immunofixation are recommended to help identify and characterize the monoclonal IgM paraprotein.
The light chain of the monoclonal protein is usually the kappa light chain. At times, patients with Waldenström macroglobulinemia may exhibit more than one M protein.
Plasma viscosity must be measured.
Results from characterization studies of urinary immunoglobulins indicate that light chains (Bence Jones protein), usually of the kappa type, are found in the urine.
Urine collections should be concentrated.
Bence Jones proteinuria is observed in approximately 40% of patients and exceeds 1 g/d in approximately 3% of patients. Patients with findings of peripheral neuropathy should have nerve conduction studies and antimyelin associated glycoprotein serology.
Criteria for diagnosis of Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia
1. IgM monoclonal gammopathy that excludes CLL and Mantle cell lymphoma 
2. Evidence of anemia , constitutional symptoms , hyperviscosity , lymphadenopathy , or hepatosplenomegaly that can be attributed to underlying lymphoproliferative disorder
Prognosis.
Current medical treatments result in survival of some longer than 10 years; in part this is because better diagnostic testing means early diagnosis and treatments. Older diagnosis and treatments resulted in published reports of median survival of approximately 5 years from time of diagnosis. Currently, median survival is 6.5 years. In rare instances, WM progresses to multiple myeloma.
The International Prognostic Scoring System for Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia (IPSSWM) is a predictive model to characterise long-term outcome.
According to the model, factors predicting survival (n.b. the study quoted conversely refers to them as "5 adverse covariates") are:
The risk categories are:
Five-year survival rates for these categories are 87%, 68% and 36% respectively.
The IPSSWM has been shown to be reliable. It is also applicable to patients on a Rituximab-based treatment regimen.
An additional predictive factor is elevated serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH).
Treatment.
There is no single accepted treatment for WM. There is marked variation in clinical outcome due to gaps in knowledge of the disease's molecular basis. Objective response rates are high (>80%) but complete response rates are low (0-15%). Recently Yang et al. showed that the MYD88 L265P mutation induced activation of Bruton's Tyrosine Kinase, the target of the drug ibrutinib, which is in clinical trials in relapsed/refractory patient and has shown promising activity (Treon et al., Proceedings of the American Society of Hematology 2013).
There are different treatment flowcharts: Treon and mSMART.
WM patients are at higher risk of developing second cancers than the general population, however it is not yet clear whether treatments are contributory.
Watchful waiting.
In the absence of symptoms, many clinicians will recommend simply monitoring the patient. Waldenström himself stated "let well do" referring to watch and wait for patients who can simply be monitored without treatment. But on occasion the disease can be fatal, as it was to the French president Georges Pompidou, who died in office in 1974. The Shah of Iran also suffered from Waldenstrom's Macroglobulinemia which resulted in his ill fated trip to the US for therapy in 1979, leading to the takeover of the US Embassy in Tehran.
First-line.
Should treatment be started it should address both the paraprotein level and the lymphocytic B-cells.
In 2002, a panel at the International Workshop on Waldenström Macroglobulinemia agreed on criteria for the initiation of therapy. They recommended starting therapy in patients with constitutional symptoms such as recurrent fever, night sweats, fatigue due to anemia, weight loss, progressive symptomatic lymphadenopathy or splenomegaly, and anemia due to marrow infiltration. Complications such as hyperviscosity syndrome, symptomatic sensorimotor peripheral neuropathy, systemic amyloidosis, renal insufficiency, or symptomatic cryoglobulinemia were also suggested as indications for therapy.
Treatment includes the monoclonal antibody rituximab, sometimes in combination with chemotherapeutic drugs such as chlorambucil, cyclophosphamide, or vincristine or with thalidomide. Corticosteroids, such as Prednisone, may also be used in combination. Plasmapheresis can be used to treat the hyperviscosity syndrome by removing the paraprotein from the blood, although it does not address the underlying disease.
Recently, autologous bone marrow transplantation has been added to the available treatment options.
Salvage therapy.
When primary or secondary resistance invariably develops, salvage therapy is considered. Allogeneic stem cell transplantation can induce durable remissions for heavily pre-treated patients.
Drug pipeline.
As of October 2010, there have been a total of 44 clinical trials on Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, excluding transplantion treatments. Of these, 11 were performed on previously untreated patients, 14 in patients with relapsed or refractory Waldenstrom's. A database of clinical trials investigating Waldenström's macroglobulinemia is maintained by the National Institutes of Health in the US.
Patient stratification.
Patients with polymorphic variants (alleles) FCGR3A-48 and -158 were associated with improved categorical responses to Rituximab-based treatments.
Researches.
One recent investigation showed that a population of cells, lacking both B-cell and plasma cell markers, has characteristics of cancer-initiating cells in Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia.

</doc>
<doc id="2898868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898868" title="Makimachi Misao">
Makimachi Misao

, known as Misao Makimachi in the Media Blasters dub, is a character from the fictional "Rurouni Kenshin" universe created by Nobuhiro Watsuki.
Misao appears in the story after Himura Kenshin leaves Kamiya Kaoru and his friends and goes to Kyoto alone. Her voice actor is Tomo Sakurai in Japanese and her actors in English are Melodee Spevack (Sony dub) and Philece Sampler (Bang Zoom! dub).
Character.
Misao is a fairly skilled ninja/kunoichi from the Oniwabanshū clan of onmitsu (ninja) previously based in Edo. Her weapons of choice are the kunai. Misao is about sixteen years old when she is first introduced. In the work Misao is often compared to a weasel.
Creation and conception.
Misao was introduced because Watsuki felt that the Kyoto arc needed an extra heroine character to interact with Kenshin since Kenshin and Kaoru were separate. He created Misao to be as "bright" as possible since the story was scheduled to be "in a dark direction." Watsuki added that "It's though Yahiko + Kaoru / 2 = Misao." The author of "Rurouni Kenshin" gave her an association with the Oniwabanshū, stemming from the reader suggestion of an Oniwabanshū kunoichi. To prevent additional complications in the storyline, Watsuki wanted Misao as a character who would not develop romantic feelings for Kenshin. Her design originates from Nakoruru in "Samurai Shodown" ("Samurai Spirits"); according to Watsuki he received criticism for this. Watsuki believes that she is closer to Mai Shiranui and Yuri Sakazaki from another SNK "battle-game." According to Watsuki the setup of the physical design occurred very quickly as he "fussed" with an Oniwabanshū ninja outfit "a bit." Watsuki intended for Misao's face and body to resemble that of a young man. While Misao is 16, Watsuki wanted her to appear like a 13-year old. Watsuki argued with his editors about the inclusion of Misao's braid. Ultimately it was kept since it added emphasis to Misao's movements. Watsuki said that he added the cloak "just for fun." The creator of "Rurouni Kenshin" intended for her to have a "painful" encounter with Aoshi in the future, but that Misao would "keep going strong." Watsuki said that he enjoyed drawing Misao. Her family name originates from a place where Watsuki lived in Niigata.
Story.
Background.
Misao, born November 1863 in Kyoto Prefecture, is the granddaughter of the former of the Oniwabanshū. She was in the care of the last leader of the Oniwabanashū Shinomori Aoshi until Aoshi, Han'nya, Shikijō, Beshimi, and Hyottoko left her to Kashiwazaki Nenji, also known as Okina of the Oniwabanashū, when she was eight. She and Okina had a strong bond, though in Misao's mind, Aoshi remained the best. She also had a special affection for Han'nya, who was always the one to take care of her and taught her how to fight. When she heard that Aoshi was in Tokyo, she went to search for him and runs into Himura Kenshin on the way back to Kyoto.
Kyoto Arc.
While resting in a forest on the way to Kyoto to defeat Shishio Makoto, Kenshin notices a teenaged girl, Misao, defeat four bandits and take their goods. He interrupts her midway through the altercation, but she views him as a bum. She determines to take his sword but Kenshin easily avoids her attacks. She and Kenshin then begin traveling to Kyoto together. They stop near Shingetsu Village, where they meet a young boy. He tells them that his village is under control of Shishio Makoto. Misao and Kenshin, later accompanied by Saitō Hajime, free the village. As the story progresses Misao, who has become rather attached to Kenshin, becomes angry at him for not depending on anyone else. After Kenshin leaves, Misao meets Kamiya Kaoru and Myōjin Yahiko when she recognizes a picture of Kenshin posted on the wall of a restaurant called Shirobeko (in the anime Misao runs into Yahiko while she is chasing after Kenshin). Misao takes Kaoru and Yahiko to Kenshin at his Master's home. On the way back, Yahiko remembers that he forgot to warn Kenshin about Aoshi, who he had seen in Kyoto a few days before, and says it out loud. Misao hears this and demands to know about Aoshi; Kaoru complies, grateful for the chance to see Kenshin again.
Misao is shocked at the news of Han'nya's and the others' deaths, and she runs back to Aoi-Ya for clarification from Okina. Misao discovers that Okina went to fight Aoshi, and leaves immediately. She arrives too late to stop the fight and finds Okina barely alive and Aoshi declaring he never wishes to see Misao again. Misao is given a letter written by Okina in case he was to die, telling her that she should forget about the Oniwabanshū and lead a normal life. While she has difficulty accepting Aoshi is the one who attempted to kill Okina, she becomes determined to prevent Aoshi. She declares herself the new Okashira of the Oniwabanashū and refuses to recognize Aoshi as the clan's head any longer.
Misao becomes close friends with Kenshin, Kaoru, and Yahiko and helps them fight the agents of Shishio Makoto. Before leaving for the final battle with Shishio, Kenshin promises Misao that he will bring Aoshi back home to Aoi-Ya, because he does not believe that Aoshi has lost himself completely. Misao is overwhelmed with this knowledge and cannot stop her own tears, especially because just before Kenshin made his statement, Okina had asked him to kill Aoshi.
During the fight with members of the Ten Swords ("Juppongatana") outside Aoi-Ya, Misao is knocked unconscious after fully receiving a hit from Honjō Kamatari's weapon. Han'nya appears before her in a dream and tells her that Kenshin has kept his promise and is bringing Aoshi back. She wakes up and helps Kaoru defeat Kamatari. Misao also knocks Kamatari out when he attempts to kill himself to atone for his defeat; she says she cannot truly understand the feelings of a homosexual man, but was touched by his loyalty to Shishio. After all of the Ten Swords present are defeated (save Iwanbō, who is too stupid to do anything and ends up fleeing), Misao and the others are attacked by "Destroying Yang" Fuji, a giant who is with the Ten Swords. They are saved by Hiko Seijūrō, and wait for Kenshin, Sanosuke, Saitō, and Aoshi to return.
Kenshin stays in Kyoto for about another month, but decides to finally leave with Kaoru. Misao is sorely disappointed when her new friends decide to return to Tokyo, though Kenshin attempts to cheer her up by assigning her to get Aoshi to smile. Her attempts at comedy have little effect on Aoshi, though she does not have any intention of giving up.
Revenge Arc.
Misao later returns in the "Jinchū arc" of the story when Kaoru writes to her asking her to deliver Yukishiro Tomoe's diary to Tokyo before her brother Yukishiro Enishi can exact "Jinchū" on Kenshin.
She and Aoshi arrive with the diary just after Enishi has taken his revenge. Kaoru is dead and Kenshin has suffered a complete breakdown, going off to a village of lost men. Sagara Sanosuke attempts to reach Kenshin, but his friend is completely lost in his grief and Sano wanders away from Tokyo in despair. Misao and Yahiko also visit Kenshin and try to revive his spirit, but their efforts are useless and they leave him. They swear to find Enishi, make him read Tomoe's diary and beg for forgiveness at Kaoru's grave.
Aoshi deduces that Kaoru may not be dead. He exhumes Kaoru's grave and cuts open the body, proving that it is not Kaoru but an elaborate doll, one that could fool even Takani Megumi's medical expertise. Misao and Yahiko begin a search to find Kaoru. Sanosuke returns to the clinic to see Megumi and Kenshin has a dream in which Tomoe tells him that Kaoru is still alive. He also returns and gathers his friends, including Saitō.
They travel to Enishi's island, where Kaoru is being held. Guided by Aoshi, Misao sets off the bombs in the water surrounding the island, allowing the group to land safely. After Enishi is defeated, Aoshi decides to head back to Kyoto. Misao realizes Aoshi wants to leave so early because he wants to rebury Han'nya and the others in a "place with more sunlight". Misao is now happy to go home with "everyone", and Aoshi finally smiles.
In a bonus comic in "Kenshin Kaden", Aoshi and Misao attend a picnic where everyone is reunited. The only one not present is Sanosuke, who sends a letter from Mongolia that he is returning to Japan to be with his friends, and Saitō, who is on assignment in Hokkaidō.
Live Action films.
Misao will appear in "two of the Rurouni Kenshin sequels" with Tsuchiya Tao as Misao 
Reception.
Watsuki stated that he received negative feedback letters regarding Misao and received some positive feedback letters "in response."

</doc>
<doc id="2898871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898871" title="Barry Barker">
Barry Barker

Barry Barker is a British Contemporary Art Curator and Gallerist. Barker is head of the Centre for Contemporary Visual Arts at the University of Brighton. Previously, he worked with Nigel Greenwood and was exhibitions officer at the Institute of Contemporary Arts London and the John Hansard Gallery before becoming Director of the Arnolfini in Bristol 1986-1991 overseeing a refurbishment of the gallery. Following this, Barker was briefly with the South Bank Centre before becoming a Director of the Lisson Gallery. Barker's main areas of interest have been conceptual art and minimal and he had an influential role in many artists' careers of the last thirty years, especially Anish Kapoor. In 1986, he was co-curator of "Falls the Shadow" with Jon Thompson at the Hayward Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="2898876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898876" title="Bessy Bell and Mary Gray">
Bessy Bell and Mary Gray

Bessy Bell and Mary Gray are "twa bonnie lassies", the subject of one of the Child Ballads.
According to the ballad, Bessy and Mary were daughters of two Perthshire gentlemen, who in 1666 built themselves a bower to avoid catching a devastating plague. The girls were supplied with food by a lad in love with both of them; the lad caught the plague and gave it to them, and all three sickened and died.
Two similar hills near Omagh, County Tyrone (Northern Ireland) were named after Bessy Bell and Mary Gray by Scottish immigrants who came to Ireland to make their passage to America. Sliabh Troim ('mountain of elder') is the original Irish name of Bessy Bell. Also recorded as Sliab Toad. There also exist twin hills in Staunton, Virginia which were also named after the girls by Scottish immigrants. Two adjacent volcanic cones in the Auckland Volcanic Field, New Zealand, (Otara Hill and Green Hill) were referred to by 19th-century European settlers as Bessy Bell and Mary Gray (See 1859 map).

</doc>
<doc id="2898882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898882" title="Charm bracelet">
Charm bracelet

A charm bracelet is an item of jewellery worn around the wrist. It carries personal "charms": decorative pendants or trinkets which signify important things in the wearer's life.
History.
The wearing of charms may have begun as a form of amulet to ward off evil spirits or bad luck.
During the pre-historic period, jewellery charms would be made from shells, animal-bones and clay. Later charms were made out of gems, rocks, and wood.
For instance, there is evidence from Africa that shells were used for adornments around 75,000 years ago. In Germany intricately carved mammoth tusk charms have been found from around 30,000 years ago. In ancient Egypt charms were used for identification and as symbols of faith and luck. Charms also served to identify an individual to the gods in the afterlife. 
During the Roman Empire, Christians would use tiny fish charms hidden in their clothing to identify themselves to other Christians. Jewish scholars of the same period would write tiny passages of Jewish law and put them in amulets round their necks to keep the law close to their heart at all times.
Medieval knights wore charms for protection in battle. Charms also were worn in the Dark Ages to denote family origin and religious and political convictions.
Charm bracelets have been the subject of several waves of trends. The first charm bracelets were worn by Assyrians, Babylonians, Persians, and Hittites and began appearing from 600 – 400 BC.
For example, Queen Victoria wore charm bracelets that started a fashion among the European noble classes. She was instrumental to the popularity of charm bracelets, as she “loved to wear and give charm bracelets. When her beloved Prince Albert died, she even made “mourning” charms popular; lockets of hair from the deceased, miniature portraits of the deceased, charm bracelets carved in jet.” 
In 1889, Tiffany and Co. introduced their first charm bracelet — a link bracelet with a single heart dangling from it, a bracelet which is an iconic symbol for Tiffany today.
Despite the Great Depression, during the 1920s and 1930s platinum and diamonds were introduced to charm bracelet manufacturing.
Soldiers returning home after World War II brought home trinkets made by craftsmen local to the area where they were fighting to give to loved ones. American teenagers in the 1950s and early 1960s collected charms to record the events in their lives. Screen icons like Elizabeth Taylor and Joan Crawford helped to fuel the interest and popularity of charm bracelets.
Although interest and production waned through the latter part of the 20th century, there was a resurgence of popularity after 2000 and collectors eagerly sought out vintage charms. Inspired by to the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean", bracelets with little charms of swords, crosses and skulls were introduced as a fashion trend during Winter 2006.
European charm bracelets.
Since 2002, a new trend for European charm bracelets has emerged in both Europe and North America. These modular bracelets consist of a chain onto which different beads or 'charms' can be put. The charms are made from gold, silver or Murano glass and are interchangeable to allow the wearer to create their own look. These beads can be sculpted to simulate anything from animals to people. There are literally thousands of beads available for these bracelets as beads can be created to reflect any interest or category. 
They appeal to a diverse customer base due to the wide range of beads available. The cost of the beads can be as low as $20 each. The price range can extend into the hundreds of dollar range since beads can be crafted of gold, platinum, and diamonds. 
Originally introduced by Danish jewellery company Trollbeads in 1976, this style of bracelet grew in popularity and today there are many brands available. In the UK the most successful brand of European charm bracelet is Pandora and Love-links, though Biagi, Zable, Reflections by SimStars, Chamilia, Soufeel, Novobeads, Oriana, and Trollbeads are also very popular in the US. A key feature of the actual beads is that they are compatible with all major bead bracelet manufacturers. A Novobeads bracelets can be worn on a Pandora bracelet and vice versa. 
These bead bracelets are fully customizable as the clasps for the bracelets and necklaces are not included when purchased. There are many options for these as well. There are even options for anchor slides which help secure the bracelet. 
This current fashion for modular jewelry builds on the success that 'Add A Bead' jewelry had in the 80s.
Italian charm bracelets.
A charm is a small ornament usually dangling from a bracelet or chain. However, the Italian Charm Bracelet is configured differently. While each charm is separate and interchangeable, it lies flat against the wrist and is interlocking to the next charm, similarly to an expansion band. A charm-link connecting tool is available to change the charms, but fingers seem to work just as well.
References.
4. ^ http://www.pandorainternationalplaza.com/beads/charms.html

</doc>
<doc id="2898885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898885" title="Mary Gray">
Mary Gray

Mary Gray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898888" title="Relativity (TV series)">
Relativity (TV series)

Relativity is an American drama television series which followed a twenty-something couple, Isabel Lukens (played by Kimberly Williams) and Leo Roth (played by David Conrad), and the lives and loves of their friends and siblings in Los Angeles. The short-lived ABC series was the product of "thirtysomething" producers Edward Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz (who also produced "Once and Again" and "My So-Called Life", two other critically acclaimed shows.) The series ran from 1996-1997; it was canceled after 17 episodes due to low ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="2898890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898890" title="John White (Ontario politician)">
John White (Ontario politician)

John Howard White (August 16, 1925 – September 5, 1996) was a Progressive Conservative cabinet minister in Ontario, Canada, and Member of Provincial Parliament for London South from 1959 to 1975. He served as provincial treasurer from January 1973 to January 1975. 
Background.
White was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1925 to Howard White and Margaret Johnson. He was educated at the University of Western Ontario earning a bachelor of arts, a business diploma and a master of arts in economics. After graduation he joined the Royal Canadian Navy in 1944 and served for two years during World War II. He worked for the Steel Company of Canada and he had owned small businesses in London, Ontario, the Canadian Industrial Supply Co Ltd, and, later, the Canada Financial Leasing Company. He was married to Beatrice Ivey and together they raised two daughters.
Politics.
In 1959, White was elected as the Progressive Conservative candidate in the riding of London South. He served as a backbench supporter in the Leslie Frost Government. He was re-elected in London South three more times before retiring before the 1975 election.
In May 1968 he was appointed chair of the Select Committee on the Report of the Ontario Committee on Taxation. The report that he tabled in September recommended a taxation plan that would have replaced the welfare system with a guaranteed annual income. In October 1968, he was appointed to Cabinet as the Minister of Revenue. As part of the first Davis cabinet he was named Minister of University Affairs in March 1971. After the 1971 election, his role in Cabinet was expanded and he served as Minister of Colleges and Universities (1971–1972), then, simultaneously, as Minister of Trade and Development and Minister of Tourism and Information (1971–1972), then those two Ministries were consolidated and he served as Minister of Industry and Tourism (1972–1973). His final role in Cabinet was as the provincial Treasurer (1973–1975). He served as a government MPP in Progressive Conservative governments under Premiers Leslie Frost, John Robarts and Bill Davis. 
In those various Ministerial positions, White was responsible for a variety of initiatives and polices. In May 1968, Premier John Robarts assigned White the job of Chairman of the Select Committee on Taxation, an assignment to review the large of number of tax reform recommendations coming from Lancelot Smith’s Committee on Taxation. The Smith Committee was established in 1962 as a parallel study group to Progressive Conservative Prime Minister Diefenbaker’s Royal Commission on Taxation. Reporting in September 1968, it was during this period that White developed a reputation as a policy innovator predisposed to social engineering. White helped to introduce new policy instruments such as tax rebates and tax credits, which had been initiated by the Smith Committee and recommended by his special legislative committee on tax reform. 
As Minister of Trade and Development then Minister of Industry and Tourism, White pressed his interest in small business by participating in the expansion of government services to small manufacturers. He also established twelve “exploratory policy groups” composed of private and public sector representatives, which he assigned to report on small business issues and the Ontario economy. Before White was able to act on their recommendations, in January 1973 Premier William Davis appointed him Treasurer.
As Treasurer, White promoted energy conservation, a controversial energy tax, and an assortment of "red tory" policies and programs before red toryism degenerated into minority fetishism and an excuse for big spending later in the 1980s—prospects White would have abhorred.
As Chairman of Cabinet in 1975, White regularly turned back expansive government regulation-making of Ontario businesses by such Ministries as Consumer and Commercial Relations.
John White was a close confidant of Premier John Robarts and supported Bill Davis in his successful leadership bid to become Premier in 1971.
He retired from political life in 1975. 
Later life.
After leaving elected office, he was appointed as the President of the Ontario Heritage Foundation. He chaired the board of trustees of First Canadian Funds and AngloGibraltar Insurance Group. He was a founder of the Canadian Development Corp. He died in London, Ontario, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="2898896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898896" title="Frank W. Rollins">
Frank W. Rollins

Frank West Rollins (February 24, 1860 – October 27, 1915) was an American lawyer, banker, and Republican politician from Concord, New Hampshire. His father, Edward H. Rollins, had represented New Hampshire in the United States Senate. Frank served New Hampshire in the state's Senate (as its President in 1895) and as Governor. Rollins and others founded the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests in 1901, a private organization to protect the forests now known as the "Forest Society." A shelter was built in his honor at Lost River in Kinsman Notch, New Hampshire in 1912, and remains there. As Governor of New Hampshire, he invented and founded "Old Home Week" intended to remind New Hampshiremen to return to their hometowns. This was in response to the large numbers of people moving to the Midwest (Minnesota in particular) because of the slow economy in the northeast at the time. He and his father started the investment banking firm of E.H. Rollins and Sons, which became one of the largest in the country by the crash of 1929. After the crash, it was very diminished and finally closed in the 1940s. New research shows that Rollins and Senator John Weeks collaborated on the founding of the National Forest Act of 1911, signed by the President William Howard Taft.
Rollins' 1890 mansion, the Gov. Frank West Rollins House on North State Street in Concord, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
External links.
,

</doc>
<doc id="2898898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898898" title="Tiffin Girls' School">
Tiffin Girls' School

The Tiffin Girls' School is an all-girls grammar school located in Kingston upon Thames, south-west London, England. The school moved from voluntary aided status to became an academy school on 1 April 2011. The school lies in over nine acres on the east side of Richmond Road.
History.
The Tiffin name is borrowed from Thomas and John Tiffin, prosperous brewers in the early seventeenth century, who left money in their wills for the education of the poor. The money was first used for 'scholarships' for one or two boys to attend an existing private school but, due to wise investment and donations from other local benefactors, nearly 100 children were benefiting from the charitable fund by the 1820s.
By 1869, when the charity schools had closed and the money was no longer needed by the Public Elementary School, the Trustees proposed to dedicate the Tiffin money exclusively to Kingston Grammar School. The row that ensued went on until 1872 when it was ruled that the Grammar School should not receive more than a quarter of the income from charities. In 1874, plans were drawn up for two new schools, a Tiffins' School for boys and one for girls, each to take 150 pupils. The Tiffin Girls' School was originally called The Tiffin's Girls' School but was changed as it caused some problems.
The single building by "The Fairfield" (now recreational cricket ovals), which housed both schools, was completed in 1879 but opened in 1880. Miss Rhoda Ward Fysh was appointed as the girls' school's first headmistress. After fifty years in a previous building in Richmond Road, the school moved to its present site, also in Richmond Road, in 1987.
In 1999 the school benefited from a £500,000 Sport England Lottery Fund Grant. This, combined with fund raising from the school, greatly enhanced the sports facilities for both school and community use. Improvements included a floodlit all-weather astro turf for hockey, floodlit netball/tennis courts and refurbished changing facilities as well as a community sports development programme for after school, weekends and holidays.
In December 2003, a fire burned down a huge portion of the main building's wing causing much chaos to the school. Thanks to the Tiffin Fire Appeal, there has been a significant amount of money raised to rebuild it.
The new part of the school was completed in 2006. The new wing was named the Holdsworth Wing after the retired Chair of Governors, Sandra Holdsworth. The construction of a new drama studio, with state-of-the-art equipment, was completed in 2007. The school raised money for a new music studio, which was opened in September 2009.
The school became an academy on 1 April 2011.
Present day.
The house competition used to run throughout one academic year, but in 2008 was changed to run from Easter to Easter in order to allow the current House Officers to enjoy their victory. The house with the most points wins the Belitha trophy (which was donated by Edward Belitha).
Ofsted report.
The Ofsted report in 2009 stated that " the Tiffin Girls’ School continues to provide an outstanding quality of education and students consistently attain exceptionally high results in GCSE and A-Level examinations. The school constantly strives for and achieves excellence." The school was rated ‘outstanding’ in every area.
Academic record.
The school has an outstanding level of academic achievement. 
The 2011 examination results for the school are:
A-level %A*-B: 91.5%
GCSE %A*-A: 91.1% (58.9% at A*)
The 2013 examination results for the school are:
A-level %A*-B: 96%
GCSE %A*-A: 91.4% (68.28 % at A* - the highest percentage to date)
Admissions.
Entry into the school is by academic selection, using both a verbal reasoning test and a non-verbal reasoning test. From 2012 a second round of tests in Mathematics and English were added. 150 girls are admitted in year 7 each year. Applications to the sixth form are also welcomed.
Music.
Each academic year, apart from the normal classroom activity, the school puts on around ten concerts. These include four major orchestral concerts, two in December one in November and one in April. In addition there is a Year 8/9 concert and an A level recital concert. The summer term ends with a vocal concert and a shorter orchestral concert. The first event of the school year is the Year 7 Concert, which is held in early October. 
There are two choirs for pupils to join, and a number of instrumental ensembles including the Symphony Orchestra, the Tiffin Girls’ Sinfonia, the Concert Band and the Indian Orchestra. Students can also audition for the Thames Youth Orchestra which is a joint venture involving performers from both Tiffin schools. Repertoire has included Borodin’s Second Symphony, Beethoven’s Coriolan Overture, Sibelius’s Karelia Suite and music by Copland, Roy Harris, Resphigi, Schumann and Britten. An annual concert is given in a central London venue.
Drama.
Drama is popular at the Tiffin Girls’ School, with an annual school production taking place in the autumn term and a lower school production in the summer. Recent productions have included Haroun and the Sea of Stories, The Twits and The lion, the witch, and the wardrobe.
Sport.
Physical education is an integral and busy part of school life. Tiffin girls are encouraged to fully participate in curriculum, interhouse, lunch time and extra curricular sport. The school prides itself on the amount of opportunities that it can provide for its students. This would range from participating in a training session with an expert coach to competing in borough, county and national competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="2898903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898903" title="Edmund Blair Bolles">
Edmund Blair Bolles

Edmund Blair Bolles (born 1942) is an American humanist and author. Bolles argues that human free will, and originality are real and natural, deriving from animal memory systems. He developed this doctrine in three books written in the 1980s.
Bolles is the grandson of Wisconsin congressman Stephen Bolles.
Work.
His major work includes: 

</doc>
<doc id="2898927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898927" title="Richard Rush (director)">
Richard Rush (director)

Richard Rush (born April 15, 1929 in New York, New York) is an American movie director, scriptwriter, and producer. He is best known for the Oscar-nominated "The Stunt Man". His other works, however, have been less celebrated. The next best-known of his movies is "Color of Night" — also nominated, but in this case for the Golden Raspberry Award. Rush also directed "Freebie and The Bean", an over-the-top police buddy comedy/drama starring Alan Arkin and James Caan. He co-wrote the screenplay for the 1990 movie "Air America".
Biography.
Rush spent his childhood fascinated by Marcel Proust and "Batman" comics. He was one of the first students of UCLA’s film program, and, after graduation, Rush worked to create television programs for the United States military showcasing the nation's involvement in the Korean War. While he agreed with the military’s involvement in the region, Rush’s participation in this largely symbolic conflict can be seen as a defining event for the director who later explained:
After his propaganda work, Rush opened a production company to produce commercials and industrial films. At the age of thirty, inspired by the neo-realism of French director François Truffaut’s "The 400 Blows", Rush sold his production business to finance his first feature "Too Soon to Love" (1960), which he produced on a shoestring budget of $50,000 and sold to Universal Pictures for distribution. "Too Soon to Love" is considered the first product of the "American New Wave." It also marked the second film appearance of Jack Nicholson (who starred in two later Rush films, "Hells Angels on Wheels" and "Psych-Out").
Rush directed three films for AIP in the late 1960s exploring counter-cultures of the period and also introducing racking focus, a technique Rush claims to have discovered and named. Rush's first studio effort was 1970's "Getting Straight", starring Elliott Gould and Candice Bergen. The film did well commercially and was deemed by Swedish director Ingmar Bergman to be the "best American film of the decade." Rush's next movie, in 1974, was "Freebie and the Bean". For the most part, "Freebie" was critically panned.
In 1981, Truffaut was asked "Who is your favorite American director?" He answered, "I don’t know his name, but I saw his film last night and it was called "The Stunt Man"." The film, which took Rush nine years to put together, was a slapstick comedy, a thriller, a romance, an action-adventure, and a commentary on America's dismissal of veterans, as well as a deconstruction of Hollywood cinema. The film also features Rush's typical protagonist, an emotionally traumatized male who has escaped the traditional frameworks of society only to find his new world (biker gangs in "Hells Angels on Wheels", hippies in "Psych-Out") corrupted by the same influences. "The Stunt Man" won Rush Oscar nominations for best director and best script.
When "Air America" showed signs of trouble during development, Rush was given $4 million to walk away from the project. This allowed the studio to cast Mel Gibson and Robert Downey, Jr.
Rush did not direct another film for fourteen years — 1994's critically panned "Color of Night". Afterward, Rush retreated from the world of commercial cinema. As Kenneth Turan of "The Los Angeles Times" wrote, Rush’s career seems to be "followed by the kind of miserable luck that never seems to afflict the untalented."
His most recent project is a DVD documentary on the making of "The Stunt Man" entitled "The Sinister Saga of Making" The Stunt Man (2001).
He currently resides in Bel Air with his wife Claudia. He has an older brother, Dr. Stephen Rush who also resides in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="2898929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898929" title="Glasgow Anniesland (UK Parliament constituency)">
Glasgow Anniesland (UK Parliament constituency)

Glasgow Anniesland was a burgh constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1997 until 2005, when it was replaced by the larger Glasgow North West, with the exception of Kelvindale which joined Glasgow North.
It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) using the first-past-the-post voting system, and was represented by Donald Dewar until his death in 2000.
Boundaries.
The City of Glasgow District electoral divisions of Drumchapel/Blairdardie (number 9), Jordanhill/Kelvindale (11), and Yoker/Knightswood (10).
Anniesland was situated on the north western outskirts of the city of Glasgow, stretching from Drumchapel on the boundaries with Clydebank to the Botanic Gardens in Glasgow’s West End.

</doc>
<doc id="2898933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898933" title="Moray (Scottish Parliament constituency)">
Moray (Scottish Parliament constituency)

Moray is a constituency of the Scottish Parliament (Holyrood). It elects one Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) by the first past the post method of election. Also, however, it is one of eight constituencies in the Highlands and Islands electoral region, which elects seven additional members, in addition to eight constituency MSPs, to produce a form of proportional representation for the region as a whole.
Electoral region.
The Moray constituency is part of the Highlands and Islands electoral region; the other seven constituencies are Argyll and Bute, Caithness, Sutherland and Ross, Inverness and Nairn, Na h-Eileanan an Iar, Orkney, Shetland and Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch.
The region covers most of Argyll and Bute council area, all of the Highland council area, most of the Moray council area, all of the Orkney Islands council area, all of the Shetland Islands council area and all of Na h-Eileanan Siar.
Constituency boundaries and council area.
The Moray constituency was created at the same time as the Scottish Parliament, in 1999, with the name and boundaries of an existing Westminster constituency. In 2005, however, the Westminster (House of Commons) constituency was enlarged slightly.
The Holyrood constituency covers most of the Moray council area; the rest of the council area is covered by the Banffshire and Buchan Coast constituency, which is in the North East Scotland electoral region. The Moray Westminster constituency has covered the whole of the council area since 2005.
The electoral wards used in the creation of the Moray constituency are:
Election results.
Liberal Democrats and UKIP both gained under 5% of the poll and thus lost their deposit

</doc>
<doc id="2898936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898936" title="Lunglei">
Lunglei

Lunglei (Pron:/ˈlʊŋˌleɪ/) is a town, situated in the south-central part of Mizoram state, northeastern India. Lunglei, sometimes spelled Lungleh, literally meaning 'bridge of rock' got its name from a bridge like rock found in the riverine area around Nghasih - a small tributary of the river Tlawng. It is the second largest town after the capital, Aizawl, located 165 km (102 miles) south of Aizawl.
History.
Lunglei was the Capital of South Lushai Hill Districts for 10 years from 1888, as was Aizawl for the North Hill Districts. The two were united in 1898. Lunglei is the second-largest town in Mizoram and was an important town until the partition of India as it had direct access to Chittagong, a big city in Bangladesh which made Lunglei the commercial and education centre.
Geography.
Lunglei is located at . It had an average elevation of 722 metres (2368 feet).
Demographics.
Lunglei is one of the prominent districts of Mizoram. Encompassing a total area of 4,538 km2, the district of Lunglei has a population of 137,155. The district of Lunglei is situated at a distance of 235 km from Aizwal, the capital of Mizoram and is easily accessible by well maintained roads.The district is bounded on the north by Mamit and Aizawl districts, on the west by Bangladesh, on the south by Lawngtlai district, on the southeast by Saiha district, on the east by Myanmar and on the northeast by Champhai district.
Administration.
The district of Lunglei has been further divided into major sub divisions of Hnahthial SDO (S), Lunglei SDO (S) and Tlabung SDO (S) and 4 R.D. Blocks, Bunghmun, Hnahthial, Lunglei and Lungsen. The district has 7 assembly constituencies. These are South Tuipui, Lunglei North, Lunglei East, Lunglei West, Lunglei South, Thorang and West Tuipui for the administrative convenience of the district officials. Lunglei town is the administrative headquarters of the district.
Education.
The Major Educational Institutions of Higher Learning in Lunglei are:
Tourism.
Blessed with unmatchable natural scenic beauty, Lunglei draws several tourists from far and wide who are absolutely thrilled with the captivating sight of the place. Some of the notable tourist spots of the district of Lunglei are:
For those tourists who want to add a bit of adventure in their sojourn to Mizoram, Lunglei offers them with a plethora of picnic spots to explore their inherent sporting skills and sportsman spirit. Lunglei district offers the tourists to enjoy natural splendor coupled with the rich cultural traditions of the region.
Media.
The Major Media in Lunglei are:
Transport.
A Helicopter service by Pawan Hans has been started between Aizawl and Lunglei. The Distance between Lunglei and Aizawl is less than 200 kilometres and is connected with regular service of buses and jeeps. There are also plans to construct a small Airport at Kawmzawl, about 25 km from Lunglei.
Economy.
Lunglei has 9.97% of the forest land within its total area. Most of the indigenous local inhabitants of the district of Lunglei depend on agriculture and earn their livelihood from growing crops. The cash crops of coffee and rubber help the district to earn its revenue. The farmers of the district mostly practice the traditional method of shifting cultivation, which is popularly referred to as jhum.
Rice is the principal crop in the agricultural economy. Cottage industries produce handloomed cloth, furniture, agricultural equipment, woven textiles, and bamboo and cane work. Lunglei is also the Church Headquarters of Baptist Church of Mizoram.

</doc>
<doc id="2898940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898940" title="Zawyet el-Maiyitin">
Zawyet el-Maiyitin

Zawyet el-Maiyitin or Zawyet Sultan or Zawyet el-Amwat is a small village in Egypt, located in the Minya Governorate.
The site has a small step-pyramid of the late 3rd Dynasty, remarkable for being the only pyramid built on the east bank of the Nile. It also comprises rock-cut tombs of the late Old Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="2898941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898941" title="Ray Crooke">
Ray Crooke

Ray Austin Crooke (born July 12, 1922), is an Australian artist born in Auburn, Victoria. He won the Archibald Prize in 1969 with a portrait of George Johnston.
His painting "The Offering" (1971) is in the Vatican Museum collection. Many of his works are in Australian galleries. He is known for serene views of Islander people and ocean landscapes, many of which are based on the art of Gauguin. He spent time in Townsville, Cape York and other parts of northern Australia during the Second World War. Returning from the Second World War, he enrolled in Art School at Swinburne University of Technology and later travelled to New Guinea, Tahiti and Fiji. While a portrait of his won the Archibald Prize in 1969, he is not known usually for portrait painting. He has received an Order of Australia medal.
"North of Capricorn" was an Australian touring retrospective exhibition in 1997 organised by the Perc Tucker Regional Gallery (Townsville, Queensland, Australia) initiated and curated by Grafico Topico's writer and curator Sue Smith. Information about the exhibition and tour can be found at http://www.grafico-qld.com/content/ray-crooke

</doc>
<doc id="2898944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898944" title="María de los Ángeles Moreno">
María de los Ángeles Moreno

María de los Angeles Moreno Uriegas (b. January 15, 1945 in Mexico City) is a Mexican politician who was the first woman in Mexico to be elected president of a political party.
Personal life and Education.
Moreno Uriegas is the daughter of Manuel Moreno and Amalia Uriegas Sánchez. She holds a bachelor's degree in economics from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) and pursued graduate studies at the Institute of Social Studies in The Hague, Netherlands.
Political career.
Moreno Uriegas is an active member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) since 1960. She served in the cabinet of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari as Secretary of Fisheries from December 1988 to May 1991. On December 1994 Moreno was elected President of her political party becoming the first woman in Mexico to hold such type of position. She has also served in the lower and upper house of the Mexican Congress, in 1997 she was the President of the Senate and in 1999 President of the Permanent Commission of the Congress. In 2006 she secured a seat in the Senate via the proportional representation (PR). 
She is currently serving as Senator (September, 2006–present) representing the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).

</doc>
<doc id="2898948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898948" title="The Kids (Norwegian band)">
The Kids (Norwegian band)

The Kids was a Norwegian band from Trondheim founded in 1979, not to be confused with the eponymous Belgian punk rock band. Their most familiar hit was "Forelska i lærer'n" (translated to "In love with the teacher"), in 1980. Norske jenter was also a hit and the band were released in Sweden with Swedish language versions of the songs. They became known for their platinum blonde hair and was the first in Norway to produce a music video. This became showed in the program Zikk Zakk which was the only rock music program on NRK. The album sold to platinum. After the band broke up Dag Ingebrigtsen took part in the founding of TNT. Meanwhile Torstein Flakne founded Stage Dolls. In 1996 they had a reunion tour in Norway, and released the "Greatest Hits" on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="2898950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898950" title="Campo Santo">
Campo Santo

Campo Santo means cemetery in Italian and Spanish and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898953" title="Hot cathode">
Hot cathode

In vacuum tubes, a hot cathode or thermionic cathode is a cathode electrode which is heated to make it emit electrons due to thermionic emission. The heating element is usually an electrical filament. Hot cathodes typically achieve much higher power density than cold cathodes, emitting significantly more electrons from the same surface area. Cold cathodes rely on field electron emission or secondary electron emission from positive ion bombardment and do not require heating.
From the 1920s to the 1960s, virtually every electronic device used hot cathode vacuum tubes. Today, hot cathodes are used as the source of electrons in fluorescent lamps, vacuum tubes, and electron guns in cathode ray tubes and laboratory equipment such as electron microscopes,
Description.
A cathode electrode in a vacuum tube or other vacuum system is a metal surface which emits electrons into the evacuated space of the tube. Since the negatively charged electrons are attracted to the positive nuclei of the metal atoms, they normally stay inside the metal, and require energy to leave it. This energy is called the "work function" of the metal. In a hot cathode, the cathode surface is induced to emit electrons by heating it with a filament, a thin wire of refractory metal like tungsten with current flowing through it. The increased thermal motion of the metal atoms knocks electrons out of the surface; this process is called "thermionic emission".
There are two types of hot cathodes:
In order to improve electron emission, cathodes are usually treated with chemicals, compounds of metals with a low work function. These form a metal layer on the surface which emits more electrons. Treated cathodes require less surface area, lower temperatures and less power to supply the same cathode current. The untreated tungsten filaments used in early vacuum tubes (called "bright emitters") had to be heated to 2500°F (1400°C), white-hot, to produce sufficient thermionic emission for use, while modern coated cathodes produce far more electrons at a given temperature so they only have to be heated to 800-1100°F (425-600°C)
Types.
Oxide-coated cathodes.
The most common type of indirectly-heated cathode is the oxide-coated cathode, in which the nickel cathode surface has a coating of alkaline earth metal oxide to increase emission. The earliest material used was barium oxide; it forms a monatomic layer of barium with an extremely low work function. More modern formulations utilize a mixture of barium oxide, strontium oxide and calcium oxide. Another standard formulation is barium oxide, calcium oxide, and aluminium oxide in a 5:3:2 ratio. Thorium oxide is used as well. Oxide-coated cathodes operate at about 800-1000 °C, orange-hot. They are used in most small glass vacuum tubes, but are rarely used in high-power tubes because the coating is degraded by positive ions that bombard the cathode, accelerated by the high voltage on the tube.
For manufacturing convenience, the oxide-coated cathodes are usually coated with carbonates, which are then converted to oxides by heating. The activation may be achieved by microwave heating, direct electric current heating, or electron bombardment while the tube is on the exhausting machine, until the production of gases ceases. The purity of cathode materials is crucial for tube lifetime. The Ba content significantly increases on the surface layers of oxide cathodes down to several tens of nanometers in depth, after the cathode activation process. The lifetime of oxide cathodes can be evaluated with a stretched exponential function. The survivability of electron emission sources is significantly improved by high doping of high‐speed activator.
Boride cathodes.
Lanthanum hexaboride (LaB6) and cerium hexaboride (CeB6) are used as the coating of some high-current cathodes. Hexaborides show low work function, around 2.5 eV. They are also resistant to poisoning. Cerium boride cathodes show lower evaporation rate at 1700 K than lanthanum boride, but it becomes equal at 1850 K and higher. Cerium boride cathodes have one and a half times the lifetime of lanthanum boride, due to its higher resistance to carbon contamination. Boride cathodes are about ten times as "bright" as the tungsten ones and have 10-15 times longer lifetime. They are used e.g. in electron microscopes, microwave tubes, electron lithography, electron beam welding, X-Ray tubes, and free electron lasers. However these materials tend to be expensive.
Other hexaborides can be employed as well; examples are calcium hexaboride, strontium hexaboride, barium hexaboride, yttrium hexaboride, gadolinium hexaboride, samarium hexaboride, and thorium hexaboride.
Thoriated filaments.
The most common type of directly heated cathode, used in most high power transmitting tubes, is the thoriated tungsten filament, discovered in 1914 and made practical by Irving Langmuir in 1923. A small amount of thorium is added to the tungsten of the filament. The filament is heated white-hot, at about 2400 °C, and thorium atoms migrate to the surface of the filament and form the emissive layer. Heating the filament in a hydrocarbon atmosphere carburizes the surface and stabilizes the emissive layer. Thoriated filaments can have very long lifetimes and are resistant to the ion bombardment that occurs at high voltages, because fresh thorium continually diffuses to the surface, renewing the layer. They are used in nearly all high-power vacuum tubes for radio transmitters, and in some tubes for hi-fi amplifiers. Their lifetimes tend to be longer than those of oxide cathodes.
Thorium alternatives.
Due to concerns about thorium radioactivity and toxicity, efforts have been made to find alternatives. One of them is zirconiated tungsten, where zirconium dioxide is used instead of thorium dioxide. Other replacement materials are lanthanum(III) oxide, yttrium(III) oxide, cerium(IV) oxide, and their mixtures.
Other materials.
In addition to the listed oxides and borides, other materials can be used as well. Some examples are carbides and borides of transition metals, e.g. zirconium carbide, hafnium carbide, tantalum carbide, hafnium diboride, and their mixtures. Metals from groups IIIB (scandium, yttrium, and some lanthanides, often gadolinium and samarium) and IVB (hafnium, zirconium, titanium) are usually chosen.
In addition to tungsten, other refractory metals and alloys can be used, e.g. tantalum, molybdenum and rhenium and their alloys.
A barrier layer of other material can be placed between the base metal and the emission layer, to inhibit chemical reaction between these. The material has to be resistant to high temperatures, have high melting point and very low vapor pressure, and be electrically conductive. Materials used can be e.g. tantalum diboride, titanium diboride, zirconium diboride, niobium diboride, tantalum carbide, zirconium carbide, tantalum nitride, and zirconium nitride.
Cathode heater.
A "cathode heater" is a heated wire filament used to heat the cathode in a vacuum tube or cathode ray tube. The cathode element had to achieve the required temperature in order for these tubes to function properly. This is why older electronics often needed some time to "warm up" after being powered on; this phenomenon can still be observed in the cathode ray tubes of some modern televisions and computer monitors. The cathode heats to a temperature that causes electrons to be 'boiled out' of its surface into the evacuated space in the tube, a process called thermionic emission. The temperature required for modern oxide-coated cathodes is around 
The cathode is usually in the form of a long narrow sheet metal cylinder at the center of the tube. The heater consists of a fine wire or ribbon, made of a high resistance metal alloy like nichrome, similar to the heating element in a toaster but finer. It runs through the center of the cathode, often being coiled on tiny insulating supports or bent into hairpin-like shapes to give enough surface area to produce the required heat. The ends of the wire are electrically connected to two pins protruding from the end of the tube. When current passes through the wire it becomes red hot, and the radiated heat strikes the inside surface of the cathode, heating it. The red or orange glow seen coming from operating vacuum tubes is produced by the heater.
There is not much room in the cathode, and the cathode is often built with the heater wire touching it. The inside of the cathode is insulated by a coating of alumina (aluminum oxide). This is not a very good insulator at high temperatures, therefore tubes have a rating for maximum voltage between cathode and heater, usually only 200 - 300 V.
Heaters require a low voltage, high current source of power. Miniature receiving tubes for line-operated equipment used on the order of 0.5 to 4 watts for heater power; high power tubes such as rectifiers or output tubes would have used on the order of 10 to 20 watts, and broadcast transmitter tubes might need a kilowatt or more to heat the cathode. 
The voltage required was usually 5 or 6 volts AC. This was supplied by a separate 'heater winding' on the device's power supply transformer that also supplied the higher voltages required by the tubes' plates and other electrodes. A more common approach used in transformerless line-operated radio and television receivers such as the All American Five was to connect all the tube heaters in series across the supply line. Since all the heaters were rated at the same current, they would share voltage according to their heater ratings.
Battery-operated radio sets used direct-current power for the heaters (commonly known as filaments), and tubes intended for battery sets were designed to use as little filament power as necessary, to economize on battery replacement. The final models of tube-equipped radio receivers were built with subminiature tubes using less than 50 mA for the heaters, but these types were developed at about the same time as transistors which replaced them. Where leakage or stray fields from the heater circuit could potentially be coupled to the cathode, direct current was sometimes used for heater power. This would eliminate a source of noise in sensitive audio or instrumentation circuits.
Failure modes.
The emissive layers on coated cathodes degrade slowly with time, and much more quickly when the cathode is overloaded with too high current. The result is weakened emission and diminished power of the tubes, or in CRTs diminished brightness.
The activated electrodes can be destroyed by contact with oxygen or other chemicals (e.g. aluminium, or silicates), either present as residual gases, entering the tube via leaks, or released by outgassing or migration from the construction elements. This results in diminished emissivity. This process is known as "cathode poisoning". High-reliability tubes had to be developed for the early Whirlwind computer, with filaments free of traces of silicon.
Slow degradation of the emissive layer and sudden burning and interruption of the filament are two main failure modes of vacuum tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="2898955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898955" title="Pithoragarh district">
Pithoragarh district

Pithoragarh district () is the easternmost Himalayan district in the state of Uttarakhand, India. It is naturally landscaped with high Himalayan mountains, snow capped peaks, passes, valleys, alpine meadows, forests, waterfalls, perennial rivers, glaciers, and springs. The flora and fauna of the area have rich ecological diversity. Pithoragarh has many temples and ruined forts from the once flourishing reign of the Chand Kings.
The geographical area of the district is . At the 2011 census, the total population of the district was 485,993. The total literacy rate was 82.93 per cent. Pithoragarh town, which is located in Saur Valley (), is its headquarters. The district is within the Kumaon division () of Uttarakhand state. The Tibet plateau is situated to the north and Nepal is to the east. The Kali River originates from Kalapaani and flows south, forming the eastern border with Nepal. The Hindu pilgrimage route for Mount Kailash-Lake Manasarovar passes through this district via Lipulekh Pass in the greater Himalayas. The district is administratively divided into five tehsils: Munsiyari; Dharchula; Didihat; Gangolihat; and Pithoragarh. Naini Saini Airport is the nearest civil airport, but it does not have regular scheduled commercial passenger service. The mineral deposits present in the district are magnesium ore, copper ore, limestone, and slate.
Etymology.
Some attribute the name to King Pithora Chand from the Chand Dynasty, while others cite Prithvi Raj Chauhan of the Chauhan Rajputs, who built a fort named Pithora Garh in the Saur Valley.
Brief history.
Pals (Katyuri kings).
After its conquest by Bhartpal, the Rajwar of Uku (now in Nepal), in the year 1364, Pithoragarh was ruled for the rest of the 14th century by three generations of Pals, and the kingdom extended from Pithoragarh to Askot.
Bam Dynasty.
According to a "tamrapatra" (inscribed copper or brass plaque) from 1420, the Pal dynasty, based out of Askot, was uprooted by Chand kings. Vijay Brahm (of the Brahm dynasty from Doti) took over the empire as King. Following the death of Gyan Chand, in a conflict with Kshetra Pal, the Pals were able to regain the throne.
Chand Dynasty.
It is believed that Bhartichand, an ancestor of Gyan Chand, had replaced Bams, the ruler of Pithoragarh, after defeating them in 1445. In the 16th century, the Chand dynasty again took control over Pithoragarh town and, in 1790, built a new fort on the hill where the present Girls Inter College is situated. This fort was destroyed by the Indian government in 1962 after China attacked India.
The Chand rule, at its zenith, is seen as one of the most prominent empires in Kumaoun. Their rule also coincides with a period of cultural resurgence. Archeological surveys point towards the development of culture and art forms in this period.
The present King of Kumaon Chand of Lamakhet (Pithoragarh), married to Rani Gita Chand of Rina and has three children (Rajkumari Aakanksha Chand, Rajkumari Mallika Chand, Rajkumar Aryan Chand).
British rule.
British rule began on 2 December 1815, when Nepal was forced to sign the Sugauli Treaty. Pithoragarh remained a tehsil under Almora district until 1960, when its status was elevated to that of a district. There was an army cantonment, a church, and a mission school, resulting in the spread of Christianity in the region.
Modern Pithoragarh.
In 1997, part of Pithoragarh district was separated to form the new Champawat district.
Language.
Kumaoni, with its numerous variations, is the most widely spoken language. The language is written in Devanagari script. The Bhotiya tribe speak a dialect called Beyansi (also known as Bhotia or Hunia), which is a language of the Tibeto-Burman family. The Van Rawat tribe speaks their own unique Kumaoni variant.
Climate.
Pithoragarh town, being in a valley, is relatively warm during summer and cool during winter. During the coldest months of December and January, the tropical and temperate mountain ridges and high locations receive snowfall and have an average temperature of . Pithoragarh district has extreme variation in temperature due to the large variations in altitude. The temperature rises from mid-March through mid-June. The areas above remain in a permanent snow cover. Regions lying at become snow bound for four to six months. At places like the river gorges at Dharchula, Jhulaghat, Ghat and Sera, temperatures reach . The annual average rainfall is . After June the district receives monsoon showers. Winter is a time for transhumance – the seasonal migration of the Bhotiya tribe with their herds of livestock to lower, warmer areas.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census Pithoragarh district has a population of 485,993, roughly equal to the nation of Suriname. This gives it a ranking of 546th among the 640 Districts of India. The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 5.13%. Pithoragarh has a sex ratio of 1021 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 82.93%.
Native tribes in the district include the Van Rawats and Bhotiya (an exonym). Van Rawats are hunter-gatherers. Bhotiyas are traders. In Pithoragarh, the Bhotiya are divided into two main tribes – Johari Shauka and Rung. The Johari Shauka community inhabits the areas in Munsiyari while Rung tribe are spread among the three valleys of Darma, Chaundas, and Byans. Kandali Festival, celebrated once every 12 years by inhabitants of Chaundas Valley, is one of the major festivals in this area. 
Glaciers of Pithoragarh.
Locally, glaciers are known as Gal. Some important glaciers of the district are as follows:
Flora.
A wide variety of flora exist in the district, including many unique sub-tropical, temperate, and alpine plants. Bryophytes (mosses), pteridophytes (ferns), gymnosperms (conifers), and angiosperms (flowering plants) are present. Rare varieties of orchids are also present in the high-altitude valleys of Milan, Darma, Beyans, and Kuthi. Species present include:
Tourist places.
Askot Musk Deer Sanctuary is a 599.93 km² wild life sanctuary located around Askot near Didihat, in Pithoagarh district of the Himalaya of Kumaon in Uttarakhand, India.
Dharchula is a nagar panchayat in Pithoragarh district in the state of Uttarakhand, India. Dharchula is a beautiful valley surrounded by mountains. An ancient trading town for the trans-Himalayan trade routes, it is covered by high mountains and is situated on the banks of the river Kali. Dharchula is about 90 km far away from Pithoragarh and it lies on the route to the Kailash-Mansarovar pilgrimage tour. The town is virtually split between India and Nepal near the border with Tibet. The Indian side of the town is known as Dharchula whereas its Nepalese counterpart is known as Darchula.
Didihat, 54 km from Pithoragarh, is a beautiful place with lush natural beauty. Clear view of Himalaya is observed from this place, especially Panchchuli range. Famous for ancient Shira-kot Temple of Lord Malay Nath, built by Reka Kings. Nearby, ten km away from here Narayan Swamy Ashram at Narayan Nager is situated.
It is a place 77 km from Pithoragarh at Gangolihat, famous for an ancient Temple of Goddess Kali-Mother Deity of Indian Army's Kumaon Regiment. Hatkalika Temple was established by Sankaracharya as a Mahakali Shakti Peeth at Gangolihat. At a distance of 14 km from Gangolihat, there is a village located in Tehsil Didihat, named Bhubneshwar, where beautiful underground cave of Patal Bhubaneshwar, the subterranean shrine of Lord Shiva is situated with sprawling interiors exist. Limestone rock formations have created various spectacular stalactite and stalagmite figures. This cave has narrow tunnel like opening which leads to a number of caves. The cave is fully electrically illuminated.
Fifteen kilometres from Pithoragarh near Totanaula, there is a mountain called Dhwaj, elevation 2134 m. It is an abode of Goddess Jayanti or Durga and Lord Shiva, atop the hill. Hindu legends tells that at this place 'Chanda and Munda' demons were killed by Devi. Dense forest about the mountain is considered sacred and sacrosanct, so it is in an excellent state of conserved biome with a large number of endemic plants.
This is a significant trading centre bordering Nepal and 68 km from Pithoragarh. Situated at the confluence of rivers Gori and Kali, it turns into a lively fairground annually. In the fair Bhotiya tribes use to sell their woolen articles. A hanging rope bridge across Kali links this place to Nepal. From Jauljibi tribal country of the district actually begins.
This cave provides an excellent example of queer limestone deposits and situated near Pithoragarh.
Munsiyari is situated in the northern part of the Pithoragarh district, distance is 124 km. This small town is located at the foot of the main Himalayan peaks, which are covered with snow throughout the year. Munsiyari is in base for the track routes to Milam Glacier, Ralam Glacier, and Namik Glacier, at the base of majestic Himalayan peak Trishuli (7,074 m). This place is also famous for Munshiyari Bugyal, an alpine meadow. Alpine lakes of Maheshwari Kund and Thamri Kund are around Munsiyari. The valley from Munsiyari to Milam is known as Johar Valley.
Madkot, 22 km from Munsiyari, has hot water springs which are supposed to cure rheumatism, arthritis and skin ailments.
At an altitude of 6,191 M on Indo Tibet border in High Himalayas in Bhotiya country, Adi-Kailash (Chhota Kailash) or Baba Kailash is situated. Trekking from Tawaghat to Jollingkong one can reach here. On the way at Navidhang sacred Hindu peak named Om Parvat, elevation 6,191 M, is visible.
A beautiful Ashram established by Narayan Swamy at Sausa near Pangu in 1936, on a way to Lipu Lekh, is full of wild flowers and rare varieties of fruits and number of waterfalls. The Ashram was primarily made to help Kailash-Mansarovar pilgrims. The ashram have been engaged in socio-spiritual works.
The famous Hindu pilgrimage tour to Kailash-Mansarover passes through the district. From Mangti pilgrims have to move on foot.
It is set atop a hill on the outskirts of the town. The fort was built by the Gorkhas in 1789. The fort is currently used as a girls school.
The cave temple dedicated to Lord Shiva affords fine view of the Saur valley and lofty Himalayan peaks. This temple is three kilometres from Pithoragarh.
This ancient Shiva Temple is also known for its scenic splendour. During the annual fair of Maha Shivratri large number of devotees and pilgrims flock here. Situated at 16 km from Pithoragarh.
It is believed that Nakuleshwara Temple was built by Nakula and Sahadeva (Pandavas). The place is located near Pithoragarh town.
This small town on the banks of river Kali at Indo-Nepal border is named after a hanging rope bridge across the Kali river. Previously it was called 'Juaghat'. Cross-border trade with Nepal takes place through this bridge.
A beautiful place, 7 km from Pithoragarh, at an altitude of 6,000 feet (1,830 m), one can see panoramic and breath-taking view of the Pithoragarh Saur Valley, from here. According to legends it is a place where demon 'Chandghat' was killed by Goddess Durga.
Chipla Kedar is 34 km from Tawaghat situated 4626 meters (15,177 ft) above sea level. Very scenic and beautiful. An excellent place for trekkers.
A small town located 102 km from Pithoragarh, Berinag is famous for its natural beauty and sprawling tea gardens at an altitude of 2010 m. Berinag is place from where Himalayan snow-clad peaks can be viewed. The area has a number of Nag (snake) temples of Dhaurinag, Feninag, Kalinag, Bashukinag, Pinglenag, and Harinag. Other tourist spots are Tripura Devi Temple, Cave Temple of Koteshwar, Garaun waterfalls, and Musk Deer Farm at Kotmanya. The Berinag is named after the Nagveni King Benimadhava.
A small village between Chaukori and Patal Bhuvanshwar, it was an erstwhile tea estate and is at an altitude of 2100 meters to 2600 meters asl. There is an old Shive temple at the top of the mountain known as Lamkeshwar mahadev, it is an upcoming offbeat destination for tourists interested in nature, himalayan views and birding. The village is surrounded on three sides by fabulous mixed forests and has the widest range of Himalayan views in Kumaon and a vibrant flora and fauna. The only place to stay here is The Misty Mountains retreat.
Probably the perfect tourist destination to have full panaromic view of snow capped Himalayan peaks in Pithoragarh. It is situated 10 km from Berinag and has an altitude of 2010 m. This place is also famous for tea gardens and orchards.
Belkot is a small village in Pithoragarh District, around 10 km from Berinag. Located on the foothills of the Kumaon Himalayas, it is known for its salubrious climate and is home to the famed Bhagwati Temple.
Thal
Surrounded by Kalinag, Sundarinag and Dhaulinag, Thal is situated on the bank of the Ramganga river. Thal Valley has its own history main attractions are ancient temple of Lard Shiva and Ek Hathia Devalaya (temple carved by one stone and by one person in a single night). Gaucher is a nice place which is away from Thal market in route of Munsiyari and Kailash Manas Sarovar. Hajeti is the perfect place to capture the beauty of Thal valley on foothills of mighty Himalayas.
Skiing ranges.
High altitude meadow with gentle slope, located 7 km from Munsiyari.
It is one of the best ski range of Pithoragarh. It is a high altitude alpine meadow with ideal slopes and is situated at a distance of 5 km from Munsiyari.
Situated at an altitude of 3090 m near Baram on Jauljibi-Munsiyari road. This place provides an ideal skiing settings.
Lakes of Pithoragarh.
Parvati Sarovar; Anchari Tal; Jolingkong Lake; Chhiplakot Lake; Maheshwari Kund; Thamri Kund
Folk lore and dances.
Malushahi; Phag; Ramola; Jagar; Ghaneli; Chhapeli; Jhora; Chholiya Dance; Anthoo; Hil Jatra.

</doc>
<doc id="2898959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898959" title="Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros">
Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros

Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros de la Torre (1756–1829) was a Spanish naval officer born in Cartagena. He took part in the Battle of Cape St Vincent and the Battle of Trafalgar, and in the Spanish resistance against Napoleon's invasion in 1808. He was later appointed Viceroy of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, replacing Santiago de Liniers. He disestablished the government Junta of Javier de Elío and quelled the Chuquisaca Revolution and the La Paz revolution. An open cabildo deposed him as viceroy during the May Revolution, but he attempted to be the president of the new government junta, thus retaining power. The popular unrest in Buenos Aires did not allow that, so he resigned. He was banished back to Spain shortly after that, and died in 1829.
Biography.
Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros was born on January 6, 1756, which is the religious feast of Epiphany day, Hence he was named Baltasar after one of the Biblical Magi. Son of Francisco Hidalgo de Cisneros y Ceijas, lieutenant of the Spanish Royal Navy, and Manuela de la Torre y Galindo de Espinosa. He commenced his naval career in 1770 and went to the coasts of Africa and Peru and took part in the military campaign at Algiers. He was involved in the capture of an enemy ship in the English Channel, and was promoted to ship's lieutenant. In 1795 he was promoted to commander of the "San Pablo", part of the Spanish fleet under José de Córdoba y Ramos. Spain at that time was engaged in the Anglo-Spanish War. The fleet engaged a smaller British fleet, but was defeated in the Battle of Cape St Vincent.
In 1803 he was in charge of the arsenal of Cartegena, his city of birth. In 1805 he was the captain of the largest Spanish ship "Nuestra Señora de la Santísima Trinidad" during the battle of Trafalgar, a major British victory over the combined Spanish and French fleets. The ship, whilst engaged in battle, lost a mast which fell over Cisneros' head. This caused concussion, which left him partially deaf for the rest of his life. After that Cisneros was nicknamed ""El sordo"" (). His ship, regarded as one of the most powerful of its time, was captured by HMS Neptune but sank the following day. Cisneros was taken prisoner and received medical care. Whilst under capture he was awarded battle honours and on returning to Spain he was promoted to Lieutenant General.
Work as viceroy.
After recovering from his wounds, Cisneros received further promotion and served as vice-president of the governing council ("Junta") of Cartagena. The superior Junta of Seville later resolved to end the insurrection in the Río de la Plata, sending Cisneros to replace the viceroy Santiago de Liniers. The Junta regarded Liniers as a rebel with Bonapartist sympathies known in Spanish as an afrancesado. The mutiny of Álzaga, a failed coup by conservative peninsulars against Liniers who was supported by the emerging local bourgeois, was regarded as rebellion by Liniers, influenced by French ideas but who was not a Napoleonic agent. The Junta gave Cisneros orders to land in Montevideo, raise armies against Liniers, prosecute him with court-martial and return him under guard to Spain and to dissolve the local criollo militia. Cisneros also had orders to seek and punish likely Napoleonic sympathisers. The Junta created a political office to conduct direct foreign relations with colonial Brazil, to reign in the autonomy being exercised by the viceroy which was seen as potentially insubordinate and secessionist.
He arrived in Montevideo on June 1809. Manuel Belgrano proposed Liniers to resist his removal and to reject the appointment of Cisneros, on the grounds that Liniers had been confirmed as Viceroy by the authority of a Spanish king, while Cisneros would lack such legitimacy. Nevertheless, Liniers accepted to give up his government to Cisneros without resistance. Noticing that Liniers was not the rebel governor that the Junta thought, he authorized him to stay in the Viceroyalty. Javier de Elío accepted as well the authority of the new Viceroy and dissolved the Junta of Montevideo, becoming once again the Governor of the city.
Cisneros tried to take a conciliating policy with the many conflicting political groups. He kept the criollo militias, and granted their commanders to achieve veteran status, which so far was only allowed to peninsular military. He rearmed back the Spanish militias that were disbanded after the coup against Liniers. He also pardoned the responsibles;
</ref> Álzaga was not freed, but his sentence was changed to house arrest. However, the attempts to please the criollos found resistance from the Junta, which did not approve the request to promote Cornelio Saavedra to colonel rank.
He tried to stay in good relations with the British and the landowners by removing the laws that forbid free trade, but retailers forced Cisneros to restore such laws. Mariano Moreno, a criollo lawyer, wrote a document to request Cisneros the reopening of free trade, entitled "The Representation of the Landowners". It is considered the most comprehensive economic report of the time.
</ref> Cisneros finally decided to grant an extension of free trade, which would end on May 19, 1810.
On May 25, 1809, a revolution in Chuquisaca deposed the governor and president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, Ramón García de León y Pizarro, and accused him of supporting a Portuguese protectorate under the authority of Charlotte Joaquina. Military command fell to Colonel Juan Antonio Alvarez de Arenales who, due to uncertainty as to who should be in charge of the civilian affairs, also exercised some civil powers. On July 16, in the city of La Paz, a second revolutionary movement led by Colonel Pedro Domingo Murillo forced the governor to resign and replaced him with a Junta, the "Junta Tuitiva de los Derechos del Pueblo" ("Junta, keeper of the rights of the people"), headed by Murillo.
A quick reaction from the Spanish officials soon defeated these rebellions. An army with 1,000 men sent from Buenos Aires found no resistance at Chuquisaca, took control of the city, and deposed the Junta. Similarly, Murillo's 800 men were completely outnumbered by the more than 5,000 men sent from Lima. He was later beheaded along with other leaders and their heads exhibited to the people as deterrent. The measures taken against those revolutions reinforced the feeling of inequity among Criollos, more so because they greatly contrasted against the pardon that Martín de Álzaga and others received after serving just a few time in jail. This further deepened the resentment of the locals against the peninsular Spaniards.
</ref> Among others, Juan José Castelli was present at the proceedings of the University of Saint Francis Xavier where the "Syllogism of Chuquisaca" was developed. This would greatly influence his position during the "May week".
On November 25, 1809 Cisneros created the Political Surveillance Court with the aim of pursuing the supporters of "French ideologies", and those who encouraged the creation of political regimes that opposed the dependence on Spain.
</ref> However, he rejected a proposal of the economist José María Romero to banish a number of people which were considered dangerous to the Spanish regime: Saavedra, Paso, Chiclana, Vieytes, Balcarce, Castelli, Larrea, Guido, Viamonte, Moreno, Sáenz and Belgrano, among many others. All these measures, and a proclamation issued by the Viceroy to prevent the spreading of news that might be considered subversive, made the Criollos think that a formal pretext would be enough to take actions that would lead to the outbreak of a revolution. On April 1810, Cornelio Saavedra expressed his famous quote to his friends: "It's not time yet, let the figs ripen and then we'll eat them".
May Revolution.
The news of the fall of the Junta of Seville reached Buenos Aires on May 1810. With both the king of Spain and the Junta removed of power, many people thought that Cisneros had no legitimacy to govern, starting the May Revolution. Cisneros tried to calm down the population, to no avail. He called the commanders of the local armies and requested their support, but they denied it. Cisneros was ultimately forced to allow an open cabildo, which would discuss what to do. Although those meetings were usually composed of the wealthiest population, the army and a group of rioters plotted to prevent the entry of many wealthy people and allow common people instead.
The open cabildo decided to end the mandate of viceroy Cisneros, and establish a government Junta instead. However, the Cabildo tweaked the will of the open cabildo, and appointed Cisneros as president of the Junta; he would remain in power, albeit under a new title. The Junta made the oath of office, but popular unrest became uncontrollable. By the end of the same day the Junta was appointed, the members resigned, and Cisneros did so as well. Initially, the Cabildo rejected his resignation, but the popular unrest was so high that the Cabildo itself was partially overrun by the rioters. Cisneros' resignation was finally accepted, and the Primera Junta was appointed instead, with members proposed by the people. Once deposed, Cisneros dispatched a messenger to Córdoba, to inform the former viceroy of the events, and bestowing on him the authority to gather an army and deposethe Junta.
Return to Spain.
After being deposed, Cisneros formally became a common citizen in Buenos Aires, under the protection of the Junta. A few days later, he assisted to a mass in honour of the king Ferdinand VII. However, the Junta distrusted him, so he was banished to the Canary Islands, along with the members of the Royal Audiencia of Buenos Aires, under the pretext that his life was in danger. His wife Inés de Gaztambide stayed in Buenos Aires as his representative, but she left the city afterwards and moved to Montevideo. Montevideo, a city that rejected the Junta of Buenos Aires, welcomed her like a queen. The Liniers counter-revolution was completely defeated by the forces from Buenos Aires, and Liniers captured and executed.
Once in Spain, Cisneros moved to Cádiz, to submit himself to the trial of residence. The government had no complaints about his rule, and promoted him to general captain of Cádiz. He was jailed during an uprising in Spain, and liberated after the return of Ferdinand VII. He was then appointed general captain of his home city of Cartagena in 1823, and died in 1829.
External links.
"In Spanish unless otherwise noted."

</doc>
<doc id="2898964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898964" title="Head direction cells">
Head direction cells

Head direction (HD) cells are neurons present in the brains of many mammals, which increase their firing rates above baseline levels only when the animal's head points in a specific direction. When stimulated, these neurons fire at a steady rate (i.e.—they do not show adaptation), but decrease back to their baseline rates as the animal's head turns away from the preferred direction (usually about 45° away from this direction).
These cells are found in many brain areas, including the post-subiculum, retrosplenial cortex, the thalamus (the anterior and the lateral dorsal thalamic nuclei), lateral mammillary nucleus, dorsal tegmental nucleus, striatum and entorhinal cortex (Sargolini "et al.", Science, 2006).
The system is related to the place cell system, which is mostly orientation-invariant and location-specific, while HD cells are mostly orientation-specific and location-invariant. However, HD cells do not require a functional hippocampus, where strong place cells are found, to show their head direction specificity. Head direction cells are not sensitive to geomagnetic fields (i.e. they are not "magnetic compass" cells), and are neither purely driven by nor are independent of sensory input. They strongly depend on the vestibular system, and the firing is independent of the position of the animal's body relative to its head.
Some HD cells exhibit anticipatory behaviour: the best match between HD activity and the animal's actual head direction has been found to be up to 95 ms in future. That is, activity of head direction cells predicts, 95 ms in advance, what the animal's head direction will be.
Vestibular influences.
The HD compass is inertial: it continues to operate even in the absence of light. Experiments have shown that the inertial properties are dependent on the vestibular system, especially the semicircular canals of the inner ear, which respond to rotations of the head. The HD system integrates the vestibular output to maintain a signal of cumulative rotation. The integration is less than perfect, though, especially for slow head rotations. If an animal is placed on an isolated platform and slowly rotated in the dark, the alignment of the HD system usually shifts a little bit for each rotation. If an animal explores a dark environment with no directional cues, the HD alignment tends to drift slowly and randomly over time.
Visual influences.
One of the most interesting aspects of head direction cells is that their firing is not fully determined by sensory features of the environment. When an animal comes into a novel environment for the first time, the alignment of the head direction system is arbitrary. Over the first few minutes of exploration, the animal learns to associate the landmarks in the environment with directions. When the animal comes back into the same environment at a later time, if the head direction system is misaligned, the learned associations serve to realign it.
It is possible to temporarily disrupt the alignment of the HD system, for example by turning out the lights for a few minutes. Even in the dark, the HD system continues to operate, but its alignment to the environment may gradually drift. When the lights are turned back on and the animal can once more see landmarks, the HD system usually comes rapidly back into the normal alignment. Occasionally the realignment is delayed: the HD cells may maintain an abnormal alignment for as long as a few minutes, but then abruptly snap back.
If these sorts of misalignment experiments are done too often, the system may break down. If an animal is repeatedly disoriented, and then placed into an environment for a few minutes each time, the landmarks gradually lose their ability to control the HD system, and eventually, the system goes into a state where it shows a different, and random, alignment on each trial.
There is evidence that the visual control of HD cells is mediated by the postsubiculum. Lesions of the postsubiculum do not eliminate thalamic HD cells, but they often cause the directionality to drift over time, even when there are plenty of visual cues. Thus, HD cells in postsub-lesioned animals behave like HD cells in intact animals in the absence of light. Also, only a minority of cells recorded in the postsubiculum are HD cells, and many of the others show visual responses. In familiar environments, HD cells show consistent preferred directions across time as long as there is a polarizing cue of some sort that allows directions to be identified (in a cylinder with unmarked walls and no cues in the distance, preferred directions may drift over time).
History.
Head direction cells were discovered by James B. Ranck, Jr., in the rat dorsal presubiculum, a structure that lies near the hippocampus on the dorsocaudal brain surface. Ranck reported his discovery in a Society for Neuroscience abstract in 1984. Jeffrey Taube, a postdoctoral fellow working in Ranck's laboratory, made these cells the subject of his research. Taube, Ranck and Bob Muller summarized their findings in a pair of papers in the Journal of Neuroscience in 1990. These seminal papers served as the foundation for all of the work that has been done subsequently. Taube, after taking a position at Dartmouth College, has devoted his career to the study of head direction cells, and been responsible for a number of the most important discoveries, as well as writing several key review papers.
The postsubiculum has numerous anatomical connections. Tracing these connections led to the discovery of head direction cells in other parts of the brain. In 1993, Mizumori and Williams reported finding HD cells in a small region of the rat thalamus called the "lateral dorsal nucleus".
Two years later, Taube found HD cells in the nearby "anterior thalamic nuclei". Chen et al. found limited numbers of HD cells in posterior parts of the neocortex. The observation in 1998 of HD cells in the lateral mammillary area of the hypothalamus completed an interesting pattern: the parahippocampus, mammillary nuclei, anterior thalamus, and retrosplenial cortex are all elements in a neural loop called the Papez circuit, proposed by Walter Papez in 1939 as the neural substrate of emotion. Limited numbers of robust HD cells have also been observed in the hippocampus and dorsal striatum. Recently, substantial numbers of HD cells have been found in the medial entorhinal cortex, intermingled with spatially tuned grid cells.
The remarkable properties of HD cells, most particularly their conceptual simplicity and their ability to maintain firing when visual cues were removed or perturbed, led to considerable interest from theoretical neuroscientists. Several mathematical models were developed, which differed on details but had in common a dependence on mutually excitatory feedback to sustain activity patterns: a type of working memory, as it were.

</doc>
<doc id="2898970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898970" title="Gordon (Scottish Parliament constituency)">
Gordon (Scottish Parliament constituency)

Gordon was a constituency of the Scottish Parliament. It elected one Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) by the first past the post method of election. It was one of nine constituencies in the North East Scotland electoral region, which elected seven additional members, in addition to nine constituency MSPs, to produce a form of proportional representation for the region as a whole.
Electoral region.
At the time of this constituency the other eight constituencies of the North East Scotland region were Aberdeen Central, Aberdeen North, Aberdeen South, Angus, Banff and Buchan, Dundee East, Dundee West and West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine
The electoral region covers the Aberdeenshire, Aberdeen City and Dundee City council areas; part of Angus; and small parts of Moray and Perth and Kinross.
Constituency boundaries.
The Gordon constituency was created at the same time as the Scottish Parliament, in 1999, with the name and boundaries of an existing Westminster constituency. In 2005, however, the boundaries of the Westminster (House of Commons) constituency were subject to some alteration.
Council areas.
The Scottish Parliament constituency of Gordon covered a central portion of the Aberdeenshire council area and a small eastern portion of the Moray council area. The rest of the Aberdeeenshire area was covered by two other constituencies, both also in the North East Scotland electoral region: Banff and Buchan to the north of the Gordon constituency, and West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine to the south. The rest of the Moray area was covered by the Moray constituency, which is in the Highlands and Islands region.
Boundary Review.
" See Scottish Parliament constituencies and regions from 2011 "
Following their First Periodic review of constituencies to the Scottish Parliament, the Boundary Commission for Scotland replaced Gordon with the seat called Aberdeenshire East
Member of the Scottish Parliament.
The seat was represented since the 2007 election by Alex Salmond, the First Minister. He was previously MSP for Banff and Buchan from 1999 until resigning in 2001; he also represented the Westminster seat of Banff and Buchan from 1987 until retiring from the UK Parliament in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2898977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898977" title="Dans ma fusée">
Dans ma fusée

"Dans ma fusée" ("In my Rocket") is a 2005 song recorded by the French singer Ilona. It was the third single from her debut album "Un Monde parfait" and was released on 17 October 2005. It was less successful as the two previous singles, but was after all a hit in France where it peaked at number three.
Background and lyrics.
The song was composed in Italy and in France by Laurent Jeanne, Mixivan and Domydee and produced by Ivan Russo. Maïlis Mitrecey, Ilona's sister, participated in the background vocals. In the song, Ilona explains she likes to travel in her rocket and mentions various stars and planets.
As for the previous two singles, the music video was produced as an animated feature in which the singer's appears a few seconds, on a giant screen, at the beginning. This video was also included on the DVD "Un Monde parfait". A CD maxi, only released in limited edition, was edited by Atollo, on 9 December 2005, about two months after the single release, but only available in limited edition.
The song was covered in Chinese-language by the band The Flowers (花儿乐队) under the title "Yêu hành tây" (愛上洋蔥) as third track on its album "Flower Age Pageant", released on 28 September 2007.
Charts performances.
In France, the single entered the SNEP chart at a peak of number three on 22 October 2005, selling 17,187 units, before dropping (then number six, with 15,704 sales ; number seven, with 14,230 sales ; number eight, with 13,839 sales). It totaled four weeks in the top ten, 14 weeks in the top 50, 21 weeks in the top 100. "Dans ma fusée" was the 77th best-selling singles during the first quarter of 2006 (from 1 January to 31 March 2006) and was certified Silver disc. It was ranked number 54 on the Year-End Chart.
On the Belgium (Wallonia) Ultratop 40 Singles Chart, the single debuted at number 36 on 5 November 2005, and reached a peak at number 13 two weeks later. It remained on the chart for only nine weeks.
In Switzerland, "Dans ma fusée" peaked at number 34 in its third week, on 1 January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2898978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898978" title="1972–73 NHL season">
1972–73 NHL season

The 1972–73 NHL season was the 56th season of the National Hockey League. Sixteen teams each played 78 games. Two new teams, the New York Islanders and the Atlanta Flames, made their debuts. The Montreal Canadiens won the Stanley Cup by beating the Chicago Black Hawks four games to two in the Stanley Cup Final. 
Pre-season.
Prior to the start of the season, the 1972 Summit Series took place. It was the first ever meeting between Soviet Union and NHL calibre Canadian ice hockey players. Canada expected to easily beat the Soviets, but were shocked to find themselves with a losing record of one win, two losses, and a tie after four games in Canada. In game four, which Canada lost 5–3, Vancouver fans echoed the rest of Canada's thoughts of Team Canada's poor performance by booing them off the ice. The final four games were played in the Soviet Union. Canada lost game five, but won the last three for a final record of four wins, three losses, and a tie.
For the first time since the collapse of the Western Hockey League in 1926, the National Hockey League had serious competition. A new professional hockey league, the World Hockey Association, made its season debut with 12 new teams, half of which were based in cities with existing NHL teams. Unlike the Western Hockey League, though, the new World Hockey Association would not challenge for the Stanley Cup. In response to the new league, the NHL hastily added two new teams in an unplanned expansion, the New York Islanders and Atlanta Flames, in an attempt to exclude the WHA from newly constructed arenas in those markets. In February 1972, the Miami Screaming Eagles of the WHA signed Bernie Parent to a contract, and when Bobby Hull was signed on June 27, 1972 to play with the Winnipeg Jets, the Chicago Black Hawks sued, claiming a violation of the reserve clause in NHL contracts. Others soon followed Hull to the WHA, including, J. C. Tremblay, Ted Green, Gerry Cheevers and Johnny McKenzie. In the expansion draft, the New York Islanders and Atlanta Flames made their picks and eleven Islander players skipped off to the WHA. The California Golden Seals, chafing under the unorthodox ownership of the unpopular Charlie Finley, were also a victim of the WHA, losing eight key players.
Regular season.
The Montreal Canadiens took over first place in the East Division and the league from the Boston Bruins while for the third consecutive season the Chicago Black Hawks dominated the West Division.
Playoffs.
No teams in the playoffs swept their opponents, the last time this would happen until 1991.
Player statistics.
Scoring leaders.
Source: NHL.
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"
Debuts.
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1972–73 (listed with their first team, asterisk(*) marks debut in playoffs):
Last games.
The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1972–73 (listed with their last team):
"NOTE: Plante, Stapleton, Backstrom, Howell and Balon would finish their major professional careers in the World Hockey Association."

</doc>
<doc id="2898984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898984" title="Percy Lubbock">
Percy Lubbock

Percy Lubbock, CBE (4 June 1879 – 1 August 1965) was an English man of letters, known as an essayist, critic and biographer.
Life.
Percy Lubbock was the son of the merchant banker Frederic Lubbock (1844–1927) and his wife Catherine (1848–1934), daughter of John Gurney (1809–1856) of Earlham Hall, Norfolk, a member of the influential Norwich banking family. "Earlham", his memoir of childhood summer holidays spent at his maternal grandfather's home was to win him the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 1922. He was brought up at Emmetts near Ide Hill in Kent. He was educated at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge. 
He lived at Gli Scafari, a villa on the Gulf of Spezia designed by Cecil Pinsent. Towards the end of his life he went blind, and was read to by Quentin Crewe. Well-placed socially, his intellectual connections included his Cambridge contemporary E. M. Forster, Edith Wharton ( he was a member of her "Inner Circle" from about 1906), Howard Sturgis and Bernard Berenson. Other Cambridge friends included the singer Clive Carey.
Writing.
He reviewed, anonymously in the columns of the "Times Literary Supplement", significant modern novels including Forster's "Howards End". His 1921 book "The Craft of Fiction" ('the official textbook of the Modernist aesthetics of indirection') became a straw man for writers including Forster, Virginia Woolf and Graham Greene, who disagreed with his rather formalist view of the novel. Wayne Booth in "The Rhetoric of Fiction" considers that Lubbock's take on the craft of Henry James was in fact schematizing and formal, if systematic, with a flattening effect.
Marriage.
In 1926 he married Sybil Scott, née Lady Sybil Marjorie Cuffe, making him stepfather to the writer Iris Origo. Sybil was daughter of the Irish peer Hamilton John Agmondesham Cuffe, 5th Earl of Desart, and a widow after the 1910 early death of her first husband William Bayard Cutting, from tuberculosis. Her second husband had been Geoffrey Scott, another of the Berenson circle. Lubbock's terminal coldness with Edith Wharton, from 1933, was occasioned by some unexplained factor concerning this marriage.
Henry James.
He was a good friend of Henry James in James's later life, and became a follower in literary terms, and his editor after his death. Later scholars have questioned editorial decisions he made in publishing the James letters in 1920, at a time when many of those concerned were still alive. Mark Schorer, in his introduction to a reprint of Lubbock's "The Craft of Fiction", described him as "more Jamesian than James".

</doc>
<doc id="2898985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898985" title="Shrimp paste">
Shrimp paste

Shrimp paste or shrimp sauce, is a common ingredient used in Southeast Asian and Southern Chinese cuisine. It is known as terasi (also spelled "trassi", "terasie") in Indonesian, ngapi ( ) in Burmese, kapi (กะปิ) in Thai, Khmer (កាពិ) and Lao language, belacan (also spelled "belachan", "blachang") in Malay, mắm ruốc, mắm tép and mắm tôm in Vietnamese (the name depends on the shrimp used), bagoong alamang (also known as "bagoong aramang") in Filipino, "ginamos" in Hiligaynon, haam ha/ha jeung in Cantonese Chinese and hom ha/hae ko () in Min Nan Chinese.
It is made from fermented ground shrimp mixed with salt. Some versions are in its wet form such as those in Vietnam and other versions are sun dried and either cut into fist-sized rectangular blocks or sold in bulk. It is an essential ingredient in many curries and sauces. Shrimp paste can be found in most meals in Myanmar, Laos, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines. It is often an ingredient in dip for fish or vegetables.
Varieties.
Shrimp pastes may vary in appearance from pale liquid sauces to solid chocolate-colored blocks. Shrimp paste produced in Hong Kong and Vietnam is typically a light pinkish gray while the type used for Burmese, Lao, Cambodian and Thai cooking is darker brown. While all shrimp paste has a pungent aroma, that of higher grades is generally milder. Markets near villages producing shrimp paste are the best places to obtain the highest quality product. Shrimp paste varies between different Asian cultures and can vary in smell, texture and saltiness 
Belacan.
Belacan, a Malay variety of shrimp paste, is prepared from krill, also known as "geragau" in Kristang (Portuguese creole spoken in Malaysia) or "rebon" in Sundanese and Javanese. In Malaysia, normally the krill would be steamed first and after that are mashed into a paste and stored for several months. The fermented shrimp are then prepared, fried and hard-pressed into cakes. William Marsden, an English writer included the word in his "A Dictionary of the Malayan Language" published in 1812.
Belacan is used as an ingredient in many dishes. A common preparation is "sambal belacan", made by mixing toasted belacan with chilli peppers, minced garlic, shallot paste and sugar and then fried. Sometime it is toasted to bring out the flavour, but that creates a strong odor. 
Terasi.
Terasi (trassi in Dutch), an Indonesian variant of dried shrimp paste, is usually purchased in dark blocks, but is also sometimes sold ground. The color and aroma of terasi varies depending on which village produced it. The color ranges from soft purple-reddish hue to darkish brown. In Cirebon, a coastal city in West Java, terasi is made from tiny shrimp (krill) called "rebon", the very origin of the city's name. In Sidoarjo, East Java, terasi is made from the mixture of ingredients such as fish, small shrimp ("udang"), and vegetables. Terasi is an important ingredient in Sambal Terasi, also many other Indonesian cuisine, such as sayur asam (fresh sour vegetable soup), lotek (also called gado-gado, Indonesian style salad in peanut sauce), karedok (similar to lotek, but the vegetables are served raw), and rujak (Indonesian style hot and spicy fruit salad).
On the island of Lombok, Indonesia, a more savory and sweet shrimp paste called "lengkare" is made.
Bagoong alamang.
"Bagoong alamang" or "Ginamos" (in Western Visayas) is Filipino for shrimp paste, made from minute shrimp or krill ("alamang") and is commonly eaten as a topping on green mangoes or used as a major cooking ingredient. Bagoong paste varies in appearance, flavor, and spiciness depending on the type. Pink and salty bagoong alamang is marketed as "fresh", and is essentially the shrimp-salt mixture left to marinate for a few days. This bagoong is rarely used in this form, save as a topping for unripe mangoes. The paste is customarily sauteed with various condiments, and its flavour can range from salty to spicy-sweet. The colour of the sauce will also vary with the cooking time and the ingredients used in the sauteeing. Cincalok is the Malaysian version of 'fresh' bagoong alamang.
Unlike in other parts of Southeast Asia and in Western Visayas, where the shrimp is fermented beyond recognition or ground to a smooth consistency, the shrimp in bagoong alamang (in many parts of the Philippines) is readily identifiable, and the sauce itself has a chunky consistency. A small amount of cooked or sauteed bagoong is served on the side of a popular dish called "kare-kare", an oxtail stew made with peanuts. It is also used as the key flavouring ingredient of a sauteed pork dish, known as "binagoongan" (lit. "that to which bagoong is applied"). The word "bagoong", however, is also connoted with the bonnet mouth and anchovy fish version, bagoong terong.
Kapi.
In Thailand shrimp paste "(kapi)" is an essential ingredient in many types of "nam phrik", spicy dips or sauces, and in all Thai curry pastes, such as the paste used in "kaeng som". Very popular in Thailand is "nam phrik kapi", a spicy condiment made with fresh shrimp paste and most often eaten together with fried "pla thu" (short mackerel) and fried, steamed or raw vegetables. In Southern Thailand there are three types of shrimp paste: one made only from shrimp, one containing a mixture of shrimp and fish ingredients, and another paste that is sweet.
Ngapi yay.
A watery dip or condiment that is very popular in Myanmar, especially the Burmese and Karen ethnic groups. The ngapi (either fish or shrimp, but mostly whole fish ngapi is used) is boiled with onions, tomato, garlic, pepper and other spices. The result is a greenish-grey broth-like sauce, which makes its way to every Burmese dining table. Fresh, raw or blanched vegetables and fruits (such as mint, cabbage, tomatoes, green mangoes, green apples, olives, chilli, onions and garlic) are dipped into the ngapi yay and eaten. Sometimes, in less affluent families, ngapi yay forms the main dish, and also the main source of protein.
Hom ha.
This Chinese shrimp paste is popular in southeastern China. This shrimp paste is lighter in color than many southeast Asian varieties and is often used in pork, seafood and vegetable stir fry dishes. The shrimp paste industry has historically been important in the Hong Kong region.
Hae ko or petis udang.
"Hae ko" means prawn paste in the Hokkien dialect. It is also called "petis udang" in Malay and Indonesian. This version of shrimp/prawn paste is used in Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia. In Indonesia it is particularly popular in East Java. This thick black paste has a molasses like consistency instead of the hard brick like appearance of belacan. It also tastes sweeter because of the added sugar. It is used to flavour common local street foods like "popiah" spring rolls, "Asam laksa", "chee cheong fan" rice rolls and "rojak" salads,[http://www.asiafood.org/glossary_1.cfm?alpha=P&wordid=2942&startno=27&endno=51] such as "rujak cingur" and "rujak petis".
Galmbo.
Galmbo is a dried shrimp paste used in Goa, India, particularly in the spicy sauce balchao.
Industry.
Shrimp paste continues to be made by fishing families in coastal villages. They sell it to vendors, middlemen or distributors who package it for resale to consumers. Shrimp paste is often known for the region it comes from since production techniques and quality vary from village to village. Some coastal regions in Indonesia such as Bagansiapiapi in Riau, Indramayu and Cirebon in West Java, and Sidoarjo in East Java; as well as villages such as Pulau Betong in Malaysia or Ma Wan island in Hong Kong and in Lingayen Gulf, Pangasinan in the Philippines are well known for producing very fine quality shrimp paste.
Preparation.
Preparation techniques can vary greatly; however, the following procedure is most common in China, and much of Southeast Asia.
After being caught, small shrimp are unloaded, rinsed and drained before being dried. Drying can be done on plastic mats on the ground in the sun, on metal beds on low stilts, or using other methods. After several days, the shrimp-salt mixture will darken and turn into a thick pulp. If the shrimp used to produce the paste were small, it is ready to be served as soon as the individual shrimp have broken-down beyond recognition. If the shrimp are larger, fermentation will take longer and the pulp will be ground to provide a smoother consistency. The fermentation/grinding process is usually repeated several times until the paste fully matures. The paste is then dried and cut into bricks by the villagers to be sold. Dried shrimp paste does not require refrigeration.
Availability.
Shrimp paste can be found in nations outside Southeast Asia in markets catering to Asian customers. In the Netherlands, Indonesian type of shrimp paste can be found in supermarkets selling Asian foodstuff such as Trassie oedang from the Conimex brand. In the United States brands of Thai shrimp paste such as Pantainorasingh and Tra Chang can be found. Shrimp pastes from other countries are also available in Asian supermarkets and through mail order. It is also readily available in Suriname due to the high concentration of Javanese inhabitants. In Australia shrimp paste can be found in most suburbs where South East Asian people reside.
See also.
<br><br><br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="2898989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898989" title="Adams Point, Oakland, California">
Adams Point, Oakland, California

Adams Point is a neighborhood of Oakland, California. It is located on the northern shore of Lake Merritt, directly adjacent to Downtown Oakland and the Grand Lake district. It is a triangle bounded by Grand Avenue on the south, Harrison Street on the northwest, and the MacArthur Freeway on the northeast. It lies at an elevation of 79 feet (24 m). Neighborhood landmarks include the Veteran's Memorial Building, the Earl Warren House, the art deco Bellevue-Staten Building, Lakeside Park, one of Oakland's larger parks, and Children's Fairyland, which is in the park.
History.
The name "Adams Point", and the short Adams Street, comes from the name of one of the early landowners/squatters in Oakland, Edson Adams. The area served as a camp for people displaced from San Francisco by the 1906 earthquake. Many of such displaced people remained in Oakland afterward, swelling its population.
Retail Shops and Services.
Numerous ground floor retail businesses populate the Grand Ave business district which are within walking distance of the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="2898990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898990" title="Red Ribbon Week">
Red Ribbon Week

Red Ribbon Week is an alcohol, tobacco and other drug and violence prevention awareness campaign observed annually in October in the United States.
History.
Murder of DEA agent.
Red Ribbon Week began after the kidnapping, torture and murder of DEA agent Enrique "Kiki" Camarena in 1985. Camarena had been working undercover in Guadalajara, Mexico for over four years. His efforts led to a tip that resulted in the discovery of a multimillion dollar narcotics manufacturing operation in Chihuahua, Mexico. and his pilot, Captain Alfredo Zavala-Avelar (taken separately on the same day). 
Soon, representatives of the Mexican Federal Judicial Police (MFJP) presented a tip to DEA agents claiming that Camarena had been mistakenly kidnapped by a man and his three sons. The MFJP informed the agents that a raid of the man's ranch in Angostura would take place the following morning and invited them to come. However, the MFJP raided the ranch before DEA agents arrived. During the raid, they shot and killed five individuals. Not long after, a passerby discovered the bodies of both Camarena and Zavala-Avelar by the side of the road not far from the ranch.
The DEA's investigation revealed that Camarena had been tortured before he was murdered. Audiotapes of the torture showed that medical doctors actually kept Camarena alive in order to continue the interrogation. Evidence collected revealed that both Camarena and Zavala-Avelar were initially buried in another location, then moved to the ranch where they were found.
The events that followed Camarena's disappearance were chronicled in U.S. media, exposing the world of drug trafficking including how far drug traffickers would go to maintain power and control.
National prominence.
After the men were found murdered, citizens in Camarena's hometown of Calexico, California donned red ribbons in his honor. The red ribbon became their symbol for prevention in order to reduce the demand of illegal drugs. California Congressman Duncan Hunter and teacher David Dhillon launched "Camarena Clubs" in California high schools. In 1986, club members presented a proclamation to Nancy Reagan, First Lady of the United States, who had initiated nationwide anti-drug programs. The following year, parent teacher organizations in California, Illinois and Virginia wore the red ribbons in late October and November. In 1988, the first National Red Ribbon Week was organized by the National Family Partnership (NFP), proclaimed by the U.S. Congress and chaired by Nancy Reagan.
Henry Lozano, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of USA Freedom Corps in 2007-2008, helped to launch Red Ribbon Week in 1985. In 1985, Lozano, along with the Californian’s for Drug Free Youth Board of Directors, created the first Statewide Red Ribbon Campaign in memory of his High School friend, Enrique “Kiki” Camarena, a Drug Enforcement Administration special agent. With the support of Congressman Duncan Hunter and City Councilman David Dhillon, Lozano helped to promote “Camarena Clubs” in Imperial Valley, California, Camarena’s home. From these clubs emerged the Red Ribbon Week campaign, and during the administration of President Bill Clinton it grew into a nation-wide service effort.
According to the DEA and the National Family Partnership, approximately 80 million people participate in Red Ribbon events every year.
External links.
• NIMCO, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="2898991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898991" title="Planck postulate">
Planck postulate

The Planck postulate (or Planck's postulate), one of the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics, is the postulate that the energy of oscillators in a black body is quantized, and is given by
where "formula_2" is an integer (1, 2, 3, ...), "formula_3" is Planck's constant, and "formula_4" (the Greek letter "nu", not the Latin letter "v") is the frequency of the oscillator.
The Planck Postulate was introduced by Max Planck in his derivation of his law of black body radiation in 1900. This assumption allowed Planck to derive a formula for the entire spectrum of the radiation emitted by a black body. Planck was unable to justify this assumption based on classical physics; he considered quantization as being purely a mathematical trick, rather than (as we now know) a fundamental change in our understanding of the world. In other words, Planck then contemplated virtual oscillators.
In 1905 in one of his three most important papers, Albert Einstein adapted the Planck postulate to explain the photoelectric effect, but Einstein proposed that the energy of photons themselves was quantized, and that quantization was not merely a feature of microscopic oscillators. Planck's postulate was further applied to understanding the Compton effect, and was applied by Niels Bohr to explain the emission spectrum of the hydrogen atom and derive the correct value of the Rydberg constant.

</doc>
<doc id="2898992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898992" title="Sadko (disambiguation)">
Sadko (disambiguation)

Sadko is a Russian mythical hero.
Sadko may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898998" title="Sir Joseph Robinson, 1st Baronet">
Sir Joseph Robinson, 1st Baronet

Sir Joseph Benjamin Robinson, 1st Baronet (3 August 1840 – 30 October 1929) was a South African mining magnate and Randlord. Born in Cradock, Eastern Cape, died Wynberg, Cape Town.
The son of an 1820 settler, he fought on the side of the Orange Free State in the Basuto War, and later became a general trader, wool-buyer and stock-breeder at Dordrecht. On the discovery of diamonds in South Africa in 1867 he hastened to the Vaal River district, where, by purchasing the stones from the natives and afterwards by buying diamond-bearing land, notably at Kimberley, he soon acquired a considerable fortune. His rather forceful business tactics came in for a lot of criticism, earning him the title of "Old Buccaneer", but even so he became a member of the Mining Board and later chairman. He raised and commanded the Kimberley Light Horse. He was Mayor of Kimberley in 1880, and for four years was a representative of Griqualand West in the Cape parliament. On the discovery of gold in the Witwatersrand district in 1886, Alfred Beit financed a partnership with ₤25 000. Robinson purchased the Langlaagte and Randfontein estates, but Beit soon dissolved the partnership because of Robinson's temper and business methods. Robinson chose to keep the western portion of their former joint assets, while Beit took the eastern section. His views as to the westerly trend of the main gold-bearing reef were entirely contrary to the bulk of South African opinion at the time, but events proved him to be correct, and the enormous appreciation in value of his various properties made him one of the richest men in South Africa. He founded the Randfontein Estates Gold Mining Company in 1890, which was the largest individual undertaking on the Reef and one of the largest in the world. As a Rand capitalist he stood aloof from combinations with other gold-mining interests, and took no part in the Johannesburg reform movement, maintaining friendly relations with President Kruger. He claimed that it was as the result of his representations after the Jameson Raid that Kruger appointed the Industrial Commission of 1897, whose recommendations had they been carried out would have remedied some of the Uitlander grievances. On 27 July 1908 he was created a baronet of Hawthornden and Dudley House.
He was called "the Buccaneer" around Kimberly, South Africa. 
In June 1922 he was nominated for a UK peerage but declined the honour. The nomination, by UK coalition Prime Minister David Lloyd George was subject to much debate in parliament as Robinson was considered unsuitable for such an honour, only rewarded because of his donation (£30,000, worth over £1m in 2011) to party funds. The air of scandal surrounding the issue tarnished the Coalition government's image, and was somewhat responsible for the Conservatives detachment of Lloyd George's Liberals from the party, later in 1922. The general scandal of sale of peerages led to the Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act 1925.
A street in Kensington, Johannesburg is named after him. Located on this street is a boarding house of Jeppe High School for Boys, namely Tsessebe.
His death in 1929 caused a great scandal in South Africa and Britain upon discovery of his will. His personal fortune of £12 million was given to his heirs except one of his daughters, who was only given a mere £2 thousand. He gave nothing to charity. There was a scathing article in the "Cape Times" after his death. 

</doc>
<doc id="2899008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899008" title="List of people on stamps of Bhutan">
List of people on stamps of Bhutan

The Kingdom of Bhutan has issued stamps since 1962. 

</doc>
<doc id="2899009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899009" title="Jon Molvig">
Jon Molvig

Jon Molvig (27 May 1923 – 15 May 1970) was an Australian expressionist artist, considered a major developer of 20th-century Australian expressionism, even though his career 'only' lasted 20 years. He was born in the Newcastle, New South Wales suburb of Merewether. 
Molvig won the Archibald Prize in 1966 with a portrait of painter Charles Blackman and portraits of Molvig by artist John Rigby were hung in the Archibald in 1953 and 1959. He won many other prizes including the 1955 and 1956 Lismore Prize, 1961 Transfield Prize (City Industrial), 1963 Perth Prize (The Family), 1965 David Jones Prize (Underarm Still Life), 1966 Corio Prize (The Publican) and 1969 Gold Coast Prize (Tree of Man X). During the late fifties/early sixties Molvig held weekly, very informal, life drawing classes which were central to the Brisbane art scene at the time, and he was mentor to various emerging artists such as John Aland, Andrew Sibley, Gordon Shepherdson, Mervyn Moriarty, Joy Roggenkamp and many others. Otte van Gilst became a student in 1958, moved in with Molvig in January 1960 and they married in August 1963.
Molvig was an accomplished and honest portrait painter - painting fellow artists Charles Blackman, John Rigby, Joy Roggenkamp, Russell Drysdale and Barry Humphries as well as many privately commissioned portraits, i.e., Paul Beadle, Sir Charles Moses, Sir Percy Spender, Clem Jones and Dr. Scougall. His powerful self-portrait is part of the Queensland Art Gallery collection.
His talent came to the fore in 1958/59 when he painted the 'Centralian' series after travelling through central Australia - incorporating Australian Aboriginal symbolism in his own interpretation of the Australian landscape. Molvig was an emotional and intuitive painter, deeply concerned with humanity and it's follies and always invented symbols and a particular 'style' to suit the criteria of the subject he was painting. This is very evident in his 'Eden Industrial' series 1962 - impressive images of Adam and Eve in an industrialised Garden of Eden, with heavily textured surfaces achieved by burning layers of paint with a blowtorch.
Later the 'Pale Nudes' series (1964) once again show the influence Australian Aboriginal art had on him, and this symbolism was further distilled in the 'Tree of Man' series ( 1968), painted when he was seriously ill and perhaps already had a sense of his own mortality.
Molvig was a rare human being - gregarious and straight forward, often too brutally honest for his own good and unable to abide stupidity, but with a gift of true compassion and understanding and gentleness to all living things, including the human race with all its imperfections and this is evident in his work. 
Molvig died in Princess Alexandra Hospital, South Brisbane, Queensland after an unsuccessful kidney transplant.

</doc>
<doc id="2899011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899011" title="Sadko (icebreaker)">
Sadko (icebreaker)

Sadko was a Russian and Soviet icebreaker ship of 3,800 tonnes displacement. She was named after Sadko, a hero of a Russian "bylina".
She was built in Newcastle upon Tyne (England) in 1912. The length of the ship was and its width was . The vessel was originally constructed for the Reid Newfoundland Company for the ferry service in Newfoundland and was part of the Alphabet Fleet and christened "Lintrose". She was sold to the Russian Government in 1915. In 1916, she sank in Kandalaksha Bay with a payload for the construction of the Kandalaksha–Murmansk railroad.
In 1932, "Sadko" was salvaged by the EPRON team, and on July 9, 1934 was on a trial voyage once again. In 1935 she took part in an expedition of the deep-sea research in the Arctic Ocean led by Georgy Ushakov.
In the summer of 1937, "Sadko" sailed from Murmansk. Its original goal was to sail to Henrietta, Zhokhov and Jeanette Islands in the De Long group, search for Sannikov Land and carry out scientific research. The purpose of the expedition was also to find out how the Northern Sea Route could be used for regular shipping. But the Soviet naval authorities changed the plans and the ice-breaker was sent instead to help ships in distress in the Kara and Laptev Seas.
"Sadko", however, became itself trapped in fast ice at 75°17'N and 132°28'E in the region of the New Siberian Islands. Other two Soviet icebreakers, "Sedov" and "Malygin", in the same area researching the ice conditions, became trapped by sea ice as well and drifted helplessly.
Owing to persistent bad weather conditions, part of the stranded crew members and some of the scientists could only be rescued in April 1938. And only on August 28, 1938, could icebreaker "Yermak" free two of the three ships stuck at 83°4'N and 138°22'E, "Sadko" and "Malygin". The third ship, "Sedov", had to be left to drift in its icy prison and was transformed into a scientific Polar Station.
She sank in 1941 in the Kara Sea after grounding on a submerged bank. her crew were rescued by the icebreaker Lenin. An island in the Nordenskiöld Archipelago was named after this icebreaker.

</doc>
<doc id="2899017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899017" title="John Henry Gurney Sr.">
John Henry Gurney Sr.

John Henry Gurney (4 July 1819 – 20 April 1890) was an English banker, amateur ornithologist, and Liberal Party politician of the Gurney family.
Life.
Gurney was the only son of Joseph John Gurney of Earlham Hall, Norwich, Norfolk. At the age of ten he was sent to a private tutor at Leytonstone near the Epping Forest, where he met Henry Doubleday, and commenced his first natural history collection. From there he moved to the Friends' School at Tottenham, and whilst there met William Yarrell. At the age of seventeen he joined the family's banking business in Norwich.
Gurney published a number of articles in "The Zoologist" on the birds of Norfolk. He also commenced a collection of bird of prey. In 1864 he published Part I. of his "Descriptive Catalogue" of this collection, and in 1872 he edited "The Birds of Damara Land" from the notes of his friend Charles John Andersson. 
Between 1875 and 1882 he produced a series of notes in "The Ibis" on the first volume of the "Catalogue of Birds in the British Museum", and in 1884 brought out a "List of Diurnal Birds of Prey, with References and Annotations". The archives of Cambridge University Museum of Zoology contains five volumes of correspondence between Alfred Newton and Gurney, who was a founding member of the Norfolk Naturalists Trust.
For the last twenty years of his life he resided at the family's home at Northrepps, near Cromer.
His son, John Henry Gurney Jr., was also an ornithologist, and his great great grandson, Henry Richard Gurney of Heggatt Hall has continued the family tradition.
The southern African race of the Black-necked Grebe, "Podiceps nigricollis gurneyi", was named by South African zoologist and author Austin Roberts in 1919 in honour of the father and son.
John Henry Gurney Jr.'s daughter Agatha Gurney (1881–1937) married Sir Edward Ruggles-Brise, 1st Baronet.
Political career.
He was elected unopposed as Member of Parliament (MP) for King's Lynn at a by-election in 1854, and was re-elected unopposed in 1857 and 1859. He stood down from the House of Commons at the 1865 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="2899019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899019" title="Schizophrenics Anonymous">
Schizophrenics Anonymous

Schizophrenics Anonymous is a self-help group to help people who are affected by schizophrenia to cope with the disorder.
History.
The program was established in the Detroit area in 1985. The founder was Joanne Verbanic, who had been diagnosed with schizophrenia in 1970. Shortly before forming SA, Verbanic had publicly disclosed her diagnosis and had discussed her illness on national television programs in an effort to challenge the stigma associated with schizophrenia by educating the public. She has continued to be active as a spokesperson for persons with schizophrenia and other mental illness and was a 2006 recipient of a Lilly Reintegration Award in recognition of her lifetime contributions to the mental health community.
By 2007, there were more than 150 local SA groups in 31 U.S. states and groups in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, France, India, and Venezuela.
Technical support for Schizophrenics Anonymous had been provided by the National Schizophrenia Foundation (NSF) until 2007 when NSF ceased doing business. In response to the loss of a national organization supporting people with schizophrenia and related disorders and Schizophrenics Anonymous, a group of consumers, family members, and mental health providers came together to form a national 501(3)c not-for-profit organization, Schizophrenia and Related Disorders Alliance of America (SARDAA).
SARDAA promotes recovery for persons with schizophrenia and related disorders and envisions a future in which every person with a schizophrenia-related disorder will have the opportunity to recover and live a life free from stigma and discrimination. SARDAA provides technical support for Schizophrenics Anonymous and its leadership. They provide an online directory of SA groups, sponsor two weekly SA conference calls, and at their annual conference, train individuals and groups who have or would like to start an SA group.
Although some SA groups are run by mental health professionals, research has suggested that peer-led SA groups are more sustainable and long-lasting. Some groups are privately held in psychiatric hospitals or jails and are not open to the public.
Program principles.
The SA program is based on a twelve-step model, but includes just six steps. The organization describes the program's purpose as helping participants to learn about schizophrenia, "restore dignity and sense of purpose," obtain "fellowship, positive support, and companionship," improve their attitudes about their lives and their illnesses, and take "positive steps towards recovery."
Joanne Verbanic wrote the original "Schizophrenics Anonymous" book, better known as "The Blue Book,"which describes the six steps to recovery. The steps require members to admit they need help, take responsibility for their choices and consequences, believe they have the inner strength to help themselves and others, forgive themselves and others, understand that false beliefs contribute to their problems and change those beliefs, and decide to turn their lives over to a higher power.
Research.
Self-help groups are more available to people who live independently, and so researchers at Michigan State University did research to determine if SA would be successful in group homes. The results were very positive: the groups had high attendance and participation, and were well liked. However, staff members disempowered the group members by controlling who could lead and who could attend the meetings, and how the meetings should be run. The programs fell apart. The same obstacle occurred in SA groups started in prisons and monitored by employees. 
References.
http://www.sardaa.org/schizophrenics-anonymous/

</doc>
<doc id="2899020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899020" title="Run to the Hills">
Run to the Hills

"Run to the Hills" was Iron Maiden's sixth single and the first from their 1982 album "The Number of the Beast." Credited solely to the band's bassist, Steve Harris, although significant contributions were made by lead vocalist Bruce Dickinson, it remains one of their most popular songs, with VH1 ranking it No. 27 on their list of the 40 Greatest Metal Songs and No. 14 on their list of the Greatest Hard Rock Songs.
Composition.
Due to his previous band, Samson's, contractual issues, Dickinson could not be credited for any of his contributions made during the writing of "The Number of the Beast". Although bassist Steve Harris alone receives credit for the song, Dickinson states that he made a "moral contribution" to the song, in addition to "Children of the Damned" and "The Prisoner" from the same album. While speaking at the IBM Smarter Business conference in Stockholm on 10 October 2012, Dickinson revealed that parts of the song are based on the "rising sixth", inspired by a documentary he watched which explored why "My Way" was one of the most popular recorded songs.
Themes.
The song documents the conflict between European settlers in the New World and Native American tribes during the days of colonisation and later westward expansion. The song is written from both perspectives, covering the Natives' viewpoint in the first verse and the Europeans' in the rest of the song.
Original 1982 release.
The song was released as a single on 12 February 1982; more than 5 weeks prior to the album's release on 22 March 1982. The single marked Iron Maiden's debut release with new vocalist Bruce Dickinson. "Total Eclipse" was selected as the single's B-side over the song "Gangland", which in turn would appear on the initial version of the album. The band later regretted this decision, with Steve Harris commenting, "We chose the wrong track as the B-side. I think if "Total Eclipse" had been on the album instead of "Gangland", it would have been far better." The song was added to the "The Number of the Beast" album when it was remastered in 1998.
It is the second of three single covers featuring Derek Riggs' depiction of Satan, which debuted on "Purgatory" and later appeared on "The Number of the Beast" covers. According to Riggs, the idea behind the original "Run to the Hills" cover was based around the idea of a "power struggle in hell", in which the band's mascot, Eddie, battles Satan with a tomahawk (referencing the song's subject matter).
Other releases.
In 1985, a live version of "Run to the Hills", taken from "Live After Death", was released as the band's thirteenth single, along with live versions of "Phantom of the Opera" and "Losfer Words (Big 'Orra)" as its B-sides. According to Riggs, he was asked to paint a cover illustration both "Run to the Hills" and "Phantom of the Opera" and so the artwork depicts Eddie as the phantom in a hilly landscape.
Following former drummer Clive Burr's announcement that he was suffering from multiple sclerosis, "Run to the Hills" was released again in 2002 to raise money for the newly established Clive Burr MS Trust Fund. Two variations were issued, the original studio version and a live version taken from the "Rock in Rio" concert, with different B-sides.
Appearances in media.
An all-star cover version of the song is found on the 2005 tribute album "Numbers from the Beast", featuring Robin McAuley on vocals, Michael Schenker and Pete Fletcher on guitars, Tony Franklin on bass and Brian Tichy (Derek Sherinian, B'z) on drums. The all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens recorded the song on their 2005 debut album, "World's Only Female Tribute to Iron Maiden". Former Babes in Toyland singer and guitarist Kat Bjelland's Katastrophy Wife covered the song in their "Heart On" EP in 2007. The song was covered in 2008 by Sign on the tribute CD "" released by "Kerrang!" magazine. The Swedish lounge metal band Hellsongs included a cover version on their 2008 album "Hymns in the Key of 666". In 2009, the eventual "Swedish Idol" 2009 series winner Erik Grönwall sang it during the live shows and released it as a single in the same year, which peaked at No. 23 in the Swedish Singles Chart. Progressive metal band Dream Theater covered the song live, along with the entire "The Number Of The Beast" album, and released it as an "official bootleg" in 2006.
The song is also featured in the soundtracks of several video games, including "SSX on Tour" (2005) as the title's main theme, and "" (2009). In addition, a cover version is featured in "Rock Band" (2009), in which it received an 'Impossible' difficulty rating, while the original version was made available via download in June 2009.
Track listing.
1982 7" single (UK: EMI 5263, UK: EMIP 5263 disc, Germany: EMI 1A 006-07604, Netherlands: EMI 1A 006-07604)
1982 12" maxi (Europe: EMI 1C K 052-07 604 Z)
1985 7" single (UK: EMI EMI 5542)
1985 12" single (UK: EMI 12EMI 5542, UK: 12EMIP 5542 disc)
2002 7" limited single (Europe: EMI EM 612)
2002 CD single
This version contains a live version of the song taken from the "Rock in Rio" live album, while the B-sides were recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon, London on 20 March 1982. The live video is also from the "Rock in Rio" concert.
This version contains the studio version of the song "Run to the Hills", while the B-sides were recorded live at the Reading Festival on 28 August 1982. It also includes the Camp Chaos version of the "Run to the Hills" music video.
This version was released in mainland Europe, and contained five tracks drawn from the two UK releases above.
Personnel.
1982 studio single.
Production credits are adapted from the 7 inch vinyl cover.
1985 live single.
Production credits are adapted from the 7 inch vinyl, and 12 inch vinyl covers.

</doc>
<doc id="2899028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899028" title="Les Charmettes">
Les Charmettes

Les Charmettes is a picturesque hamlet near the town of Chambéry in the Savoie region of France. It is famed as a favourite retreat of the philosophe Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1712-1778). 
In 1728, a young Jean-Jacques Rousseau fled a watch-matching apprenticeship in nearby Geneva and took refuge with Françoise-Louise de Warens, or Madame de Warens, who became his mistress and mentor. They first resided in the city of Annecy before moving on to Chambéry. Madame de Warens - whom Rousseau affectionately referred to as "maman" (mother) - was 13 years Rousseau's senior. From the summer of 1736, Rousseau and "maman" moved into a country house called Les Charmettes in the neighborhood of Chambéry. Located in the hollow of a wooded valley, Les Charmettes figures prominently in Rousseau's "Confessions" (Books V and VI). According to him, his short sojourn at Les Charmettes constituted "the short period of my life's happiness" and was instrumental in the development of his love of nature and the simple country life. During the revolutionary and subsequent Romantic periods, Les Charmettes became a symbol of Rousseau's revolutionary thought as well as a shrine attracting such literary and political celebrities as George Sand and Alphonse de Lamartine. In 1905 Les Charmettes was classified an historical monument by the French government. The house and its grounds are now a museum open to the public. 

</doc>
<doc id="2899032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899032" title="Stephen Snoddy">
Stephen Snoddy

Stephen Snoddy (born 1959, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a Gallery Director.
Career.
Snoddy trained as a painter at Belfast College of Art where he graduated in 1983 with an MA in Fine Art.
Snoddy moved to Manchester in 1986 and graduated with a Postgraduate Diploma in Art Gallery & Museum Studies from the University of Manchester in 1987 and then moved to Bristol to become Exhibitions Organiser at Arnolfini Gallery.
He worked from 1987–1991 on an exhibition programme that included solo exhibitions by Richard Long, Giuseppe Penone, Gillian Ayres, Rachel Whiteread, Vong Phaophanit, Jannis Kounellis: Drawings, Jack B. Yeats: The Late Works (which toured to the Whitechapel Art Gallery and Haags Gemeentemuseum) and the first solo exhibition of Juan Munoz in the UK.
In 1991, Snoddy became Exhibitions Director of Cornerhouse, Manchester, where he and other city curators established the Manchester Gallery Consortium to when the Hayward Gallery brought the British Art Show 4 to the city in 1995. He also organised such shows as the first John Baldessari European Retrospective toured to the Serpentine Gallery, London and onwards onto a European tour; a Bruce McLean film commission; 'Sublime: Manchester Music and Design';Edward Allington; Jochen Gerz; Annette Messager: Telling Tales'; Rita Donagh Retrospective; Paul Seawright: Sectarian Murders and 'Unveiled: Possibilities in Abstract Painting' exhibitions.
In 1996, he moved to become Director of Southampton City Art Gallery, where he and current Baltic Centre for Contemporary Art director Godfrey Worsdale organised the 1998 Chris Ofili solo exhibition, which helped secure Ofili the 1998 Turner Prize, and an exchange of collections with the Bilbao Museum of Fine Art, to coincide with the opening of the new Frank Gehry-designed Guggenheim Museum Bilbao. He made acquisitions for the collection included works by John Hoyland, Fiona Rae, Chris Ofili, Douglas Gordon and Julian Opie.
In the spring of 1998, he moved to Milton Keynes as founder-director during the construction of a brand new gallery as part of the £30 million Milton Keynes Theatre and Gallery complex. Milton Keynes Gallery (MK G) opened on 8 October 1999 with ‘The Rudimentary Pictures’, an exhibition of 33 new works by Gilbert & George. There were also exhibitions of Richard Hamilton, Sigmar Polke, Andy Warhol, Juergen Teller, Noble & Webster, Richard Wright, Abigail Lane, 'Air Guitar: Contemporary Art and Rock Music' and 'The Temple of Bacchus', (Sarah Lucas with Colin Lowe and Roddy Thompson). In October 2003 at the inaugural Frieze Art Fair in Regent's Park, London MK G had a stand which remains the only time a publicly funded art gallery in the UK has had a stand at the FAF.
In December 2003, Snoddy became Director of the Baltic Centre for Contemporary Art, Gateshead, where he made organisational and structural changes, refreshed the programme and engaged with artists of the region. He was responsible for commissioning Bob and Roberta Smith to create an exhibition in response to the Labour Party Spring Conference of 2004 at the neighbouring Sage, Gateshead, as well as programming an Edward Kienholz retrospective and the first exhibition of the Italian artist Carol Rama in the UK. He resigned in November 2004.
In January 2005, he began to work on freelance projects, acted as consultant to various organisations, lectured at Manchester Metropolitan University and continued to be on the VAGA Executive Board. Snoddy was also appointed in February 2005 as Director of the inaugural Contemporary Art Norwich (CAN05), a multi venued exhibition project, (incorporating the open exhibition EAST) in the city of Norwich during the Summer of 2005.
In May 2005, Snoddy was appointed as Director of The New Art Gallery, Walsall, where he has reviewed policies, restructured the organisation, enabled an acquisitions budget for contemporary art, opened a new 4th floor gallery, expanded the Library & Archive, developed a new sculpture terrace and increased visitor figures annually since 2005 when they were 120,000: in 2010 they reached 201,000. Exhibitions have included 'Starstruck: Contemporary Art and Celebrity'; Christopher Le Brun retrospective; Stuart Whipps - Longbridge Project; Richard Billingham: The Black Country; Jane & Louise Wilson; John Davies: A British Landscape; 'Reimagining Asia', John Pickering, Antoinette Haechler, Frank Sidney Smith and 'The Life of the Mind', curated by Bob and Roberta Smith and Zarina Bhimji. The New Art Gallery was also one of the 12 launch venues for Artists' Rooms, (Anthony d'Offay's gift/sale of contemporary art to the nation) and exhibited 52 early Andy Warhol drawings. From 6 6 October 2012 the NAG is exhibiting Damien Hirst, for a year long display.
In 2006, Snoddy was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts. Previously he has been a Director of The New Contemporaries and was on the Visual Arts Committee of the British Council for 10 years, taught at numerous art colleges as a visiting lecturer and was on the working committee for the National Policy for Collecting Contemporary Art and Turning Point ACE West Midlands area group.
In 2007, along with Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery and Ikon Gallery, Birmingham who joined together to become the West Midlands Consortium they are one of 5 consortium's in the UK to be awarded the £1 million Art Fund International award to purchase international contemporary art over the next 5 years, under the theme of the Metropolis - an interim exhibition 'Metropolis' of acquisitions to date was launched in the Autumn of 2010. In 2009 he was a judge for the National Portrait Gallery, Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize which subsequently toured to the UK.
In 2009, he was the Curator for the 'Art of Ideas' in Birmingham and he appeared on Antony Gormley’s, One & Other project at Trafalgar Square in August 2009 where he collaborated with Bob and Roberta Smith on realising an art work for the fourth plinth.
Snoddy is a Patron of Walsall College, a former Board member of Lichfield Festival, 'Pestival' and 'The Campaign for Drawing', and was on the Selection Committee for 'Artists Taking the Lead' in the North West of England and is a curatorial advisor working on Anthony McCall's 'Column' for Wirral Waters which launches as part of 2012 Olympic Cultural Programme.
He was Director of Look11, the Liverpool International Festival of Photography and Photography, the first photography festival to be staged in Liverpool, during Liverpool’s Year of Social Justice and City of Radicals in 2011.
In 2011, at the invitation of the British Council, Snoddy visited Jerusalem and the Palestinian Territories to advise on the development of a potential new Palestinian Museum of Art and on a future collections policy and exhibitions strategy.
Snoddy has curated a 2012 exhibition, 'Wandering Rocks', selected from the Leytonstone Art Trail at The Stone Space, Leytonstone. 'Wandering Rocks' is episode ten of James Joyce's classic Ulysses, and consists of nineteen short views of characters as they make their way round Dublin in the afternoon.

</doc>
<doc id="2899050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899050" title="Smeg (appliances)">
Smeg (appliances)

Smeg is an Italian manufacturer of upmarket domestic appliances. Vittorio Bertazzoni founded the company in 1948 in the village of Guastalla, Reggio Emilia, Italy. The name is an acronym for Smalterie Metallurgiche Emiliane Guastalla ("Emilian metallurgical enamel works of Guastalla").
The company remains in the private ownership of the Bertazzoni family with its headquarters still in Guastalla. Smeg is best known for its FAB range of 1950s-style, retro refrigerators that have curved corners and come in a variety of non-traditional colors and patterns. The company also manufactures dishwashers (freestanding - available in FAB style, semi-integrated and fully integrated), washing machines, ovens, microwaves, cooktops, freestanding cookers, rangehoods, refrigeration, wine cabinets, in-built coffee machines.
History.
Vittorio Bertazzoni Snr founded Smeg in 1948. The company originally specialised in enamelling and metalwork. It soon began to produce innovative cooking appliances. "Elisabeth", launched in 1956, was one of the first gas ranges to feature automatic ignition, safety valves in the oven and a cooking programmer.
In the 1960s, the washing range was introduced with the production of the first Smeg dishwashers, which soon led to a world premiere in 1970: the first 60cm wide dishwashers with capacity for 14 place settings. High performance hobs and ovens were then designed and produced from the mid 1970s and, during the 1990s, Smeg completed its product range with the introduction of distinctive sinks and hoods after buying Apell, an Italian manufacturer of extractor hoods, sinks and taps based in Ancona.
Other activities.
Having established itself in the residential sector, Smeg later entered the commercial market. Smeg Food Service manufactures appliances for the professional hotel, restaurant and catering market and Smeg Instruments supplies disinfection equipment to hospitals and dental surgeries.
Smeg business.
The design and manufacture of Smeg appliances is concentrated in three factories based in Northern Italy, each specialising in a specific type of appliance. Excluding the United Kingdom, the company operates thirteen subsidiaries (France, Belgium, Spain, Germany, Holland, Sweden, Portugal, Russia, Ukraine, USA, South Africa, Denmark and Australia), as well as two representative offices in Hong Kong and Saudi Arabia with a network of distributors around the world.
Smeg and designer expertise.
Smeg has developed an extensive product collection in collaboration with respected architects and designers, many of them recognised internationally including Guido Canali (who also designed the futuristic company headquarters in Guastalla), Mario Bellini, Renzo Piano and Marc Newson.
FAB retro-style appliances.
In 1997, Smeg unveiled their range of striking, retro-style refrigerators. Offered in five colours, the FAB28 bore the distinctive SMEG lettering, deep curved doors and a chunky handle so evocative of the trend-setting 1950s.
Fridge-freezer versions followed and colour options expanded to include pink, yellow, orange and lime plus special editions, including a Union Jack door. Dishwashers and washing machines in complementary styling and colours extended the appeal of the retro range and, whilst other brands targeted the market, Smeg had already carved its niche and today its FAB28 refrigerator enjoys design icon status. FAB refrigerators are frequently seen on television programmes and commercials and continue to enjoy enviable exposure in home interest press.

</doc>
<doc id="2899053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899053" title="Zarathustra (album)">
Zarathustra (album)

Zarathustra is a progressive rock album released in 1973 by the Italian band Museo Rosenbach. It is generally regarded as one of the best Italian progressive rock works of all time.
Controversially, the lyrics compose a concept album of Nietzsche's philosophy, particularly "Also sprach Zarathustra". The song titles translate into The Last Man, The King of Yesterday, "Beyond Good and Evil", Übermensch, The Temple of Hourglasses, Of Man, Of Nature, and Of the Eternal Return.
The music has been edited by bassist Alberto Moreno, texts from external collaborator Mauro La Luce. Side A of the vinyl is completely occupied by the long suite "Zarathustra", side B includes the remaining three songs, which relate thematically to the first part by the expression of the concept album, so dear to progressive rock groups
The album was a commercial failure mainly because of the boycott of RAI, which was suspicious of the group because of the themes (the quote from Nietzsche could refer to ideologies of Far-right) and the bust of Mussolini pictured in the collage on the cover, the work by the illustrator Cesare Monti.
The singer, Stefano Galifi, later joined an art rock band named Il Tempio delle Clessidre ("The Temple of Hourglasses"), quoting the title of the track.

</doc>
<doc id="2899055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899055" title="Secretary of Fisheries (Mexico)">
Secretary of Fisheries (Mexico)

In Mexico the Secretary of Fisheries was the head of the extinct Mexican Secretariat of Fisheries ("Secretaría de Pesca"). The secretary was a member of the President's Cabinet. 
In 1994 President Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León merged the Secretariat of Fisheries and the Secretariat of Environment into the Secretariat of Environment, Natural Resources and Fisheries ("Secretaría del Medio Ambiente, Recursos Naturales y Pesca").
The last three Secretaries of Fisheries where:

</doc>
<doc id="2899072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899072" title="Teen Spirit">
Teen Spirit

Teen Spirit is the second studio album by the A-Teens, released in 2001 by Stockholm Records in Sweden and MCA Records in the US. It is also their first studio album consisting of original new songs in contrast to their ABBA cover concept debut album "The ABBA Generation", except one cover called "Morning Light", which had originally recorded by fellow Swedish singer, E-Type.
Its thirteen tracks were recorded in Sweden with new producers and hitmakers Grizzly and Tysper, among others. While musically it is generally perceived to be more American-driven than the Europop sound of their first record, it does include a varied mix of styles including bass, soul, Latin music, and others. Also, the boys from the band (Amit Paul and Dhani Lennevald) collaborated more on the vocals.
"Teen Spirit" spawned four singles, including the #1 hit and signature song "Upside Down". This song was renamed for the US and Canadian market as "Bouncing off the Ceiling (Upside Down)". A new version of the album with bonus tracks was released on 21 January 2002 in Scandinavia, Germany and Mexico including bonus tracks and the single used to promote the Disney movie "The Princess Diaries", "Heartbreak Lullaby".
"Teen Spirit" was certified Gold in the US and Poland as well as Platinum in Sweden and many other countries. While not repeating the same level of success as their debut album, the album went on to sell over 1.5 million copies, despite poor reviews from the press.
The songs "Halfway Around The World", "Heartbreak Lullaby" and "Upside Down" were played frequently on Radio Disney.
Track listing.
Scandinavia and Germany.
14. Heartbreak Lullaby (Cathy Dennis; Jan Kask; Peter Mansson)
Re-releases.
Thailand.
In Thailand, "Teen Spirit" was a verifiable smash hit, so Universal Music re-issued the album there with new artwork, bonus remixes and music videos.
Music videos: Upside Down and Halfway Around the World
Teen Spirit - New Version.
After the success of "Teen Spirit" in 2001 and the single "Heartbreak Lullaby" Universal Music chose to re-release the album in the Scandinavia, Germany and Mexico, where the album sold relatively well. The re-issue was released on 21 January 2002 with the title "Teen Spirit - New Version."

</doc>
<doc id="2899074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899074" title="Niki Chow">
Niki Chow

Niki Chow (周麗淇) is a Hong Kong actress and Cantopop singer. She terminated her contract with management company BMA and label BMA Records in January 2011 and currently has an artist contract with TVB which began on February 1, 2011. 
Early life.
Niki was born and raised in Hong Kong. She is fluent in Mandarin. However, netizens have pointed that her Cantonese pronunciation is less than perfect. This is because she grew up speaking Shanghaiese in her family. She is the younger sister of the Hong Kong model Kathy Chow Man Kei. Niki's school life ended when she was spotted by an agent who offered her a modeling opportunity. This was the beginning of her life as an artist. She was just about 17 years old at that time.
Acting career.
Several years later, she began her acting career in movies and television series, working mostly with TVB. Cast by Amy Wong, her first TVB series was Hard Fate (翡翠戀曲). She is well known for her role and performance in Producer Lau Ka Ho's 2005 series "The Gentle Crackdown" (秀才遇著兵), which stars Moses Chan and her. She won the Most Improved Actress award at the TVB Anniversary Awards (2005) for her performance in "The Gentle Crackdown". Amy Wong's "Under the Canopy of Love" (天幕下的戀人), starring Kevin Cheng, Bosco Wong and her, in the February of the following year also helped establish her popularity. An indirect sequel with the same cast and crew, The Seventh Day (最美麗的第七天), came out February 2008. Her on-screen partnership with Kevin Cheng was well received by the audience in the years 2004-2008, along with rumours of the two dating in real life (until 2008). Niki's most recent series The King of Snooker (桌球天王) of 2009, with Adam Cheng and Patrick Tang, did not do well, resulting in low ratings and negative reviews. She filmed "Sakura Memories" (櫻紅醉了) – a TVB travel documentary programme about Japan – in the spring of 2009 and it aired on TVB in August 2009.
Music career.
Niki signed with BMA Records in 2005 and released her debut EP "Pure Niki" in the August of that year. In 2006, she released "Child-Woman" and a single "Nikikaka". In January 2009, she released "Redefine". In August 2010, she released a charity single "Make a Wish" with proceeds donated to an organization called Make-A-Wish Hong Kong. As well, in November 2010, she released her last EP under BMA Records: "F.L.Y." (which stands for Freedom, Love, and Youth).
Writing career.
She is also the author of several books, including "Girlfriend Diary"《周麗淇·女朋友手記》(2005), a book of the same title as her 2006 album "The Child Woman" 《The Child Woman》(2006), "Detailed Little Things" 《細味心事》(2007), "Happiness" 《幸福》(2009), and "Cherish" 《珍惜》(2010). Her books are published under BMA Publications.
Discography.
Music for TVB:
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | TVB Anniversary Awards

</doc>
<doc id="2899076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899076" title="Frontbend">
Frontbend

A frontbend is a contortion position where the body is curved forward at the hips and spine. In an extreme frontbend, some contortionists can place the backs of their knees behind their shoulders.

</doc>
<doc id="2899077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899077" title="EPRON">
EPRON

EPRON ( - "Special Xpedition for Underwater Works"). It was created on Dec., 17 of 1923 in the Soviet Union initially as a unit within GPU to salvage valuable cargo and equipment from sunken ships. Its first operation was treasure-hunting near Sevastopol the wreckage of HMS Prince (Eastern War-time steamship sunk by tempest on anchorage off Balaklava in November, 1854) which departed from Britain having aboard salary in gold for British troops in Crimea (GBP 200,000). Project team was financed, equipped, trained and managed by Japanese diving specialists, highly experienced on salvaging warships of Russian Imperial Navy sunk or scuttled during Russian-Japanese War of 1904-1905. The wreckage was reported to be located but there were no reports of gold in quantities found. Henceforth EPRON extended its operations to rescue and sunken ships salvaging, gradually absorbing other diving units (less experienced and/or worse equipped) and creating new ones. In 1929 EPRON became the sole corporation in USSR responsible for all kinds of works under water - in marine operations, hydraulic and river engineering, mining, wreckage and derelict logging and utilizing, etc. In 1931 it was transferred from OGPU as a department to NKPS ( - "People's Comissariate (Ministry) of Transport"). In 1936 EPRON was subordinated to NKVT ( - "People's Comissariate (Ministry) of Sea and River Transport"); in 1939 - further to NKMF ( - "People's Comissariate (Ministry) of Merchant Marines").
By 1941 EPRON had rescued 36 ships and raised 74 sunken ships with total deadweight of about 25,000 GRT.
In 1941 naval rescue and salvage units were transferred to Soviet Navy (under name of EPRON); in 1942 it was renamed to ""Naval Rescue Service" ().

</doc>
<doc id="2899082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899082" title="Zhijiang, Hubei">
Zhijiang, Hubei

Zhijiang () is a county-level city of Yichang City, in the west of Hubei province, People's Republic of China. Until the 1990s Zhijiang was a county. It is located on the left (northern) shore of the Yangtze River, downstream from Yichang center city.
There was another Zhijiang across the river, a city which now goes by a different name (see Zhicheng).
Climate.
Zhijiang has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfa") with hot, rainy summers and cool winters. Rainfall occurs throughout the year but is significantly heavier between April and August.
Lü Banglie.
In October 2005, Zhijiang was in the news because one of the delegates to its (county-level) People's Congress, Lu Banglie (吕邦列), a village-rights activist, was savagely beaten on October 8, 2005 in the village of Taishi (太石), in Yuwotou town, Panyu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, by unknown persons. The beating was witnessed by Benjamin Joffe-Walt, correspondent for "The Guardian" newspaper of the UK, who was himself threatened and believed Lü had been killed.
Since 2004, Lü has been the popularly elected head of Baoyuesi village, on Bailizhou (which is an island in the Yangtze River and the only town in Zhijiang not on the river's left bank, with no road connection between Bailizhou and the city's other towns). He is the first elected village head in the history of the People's Republic of China.
The beating may have been intended to prevent a similar popular election from taking place in Taishi.

</doc>
<doc id="2899085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899085" title="The Atomic Space Bug">
The Atomic Space Bug

The Atomic Space Bug is a 1999 horror film directed by Jonathan M. Parisen and starring Conrad Brooks ("Plan 9 From Outer Space"). "The Atomic Space Bug" is Parisen's homage to such fifties films as "Robot Monster" and "Plan 9 From Outer Space". The film is about a giant insect-like creature that terrorizes a small town.
Production.
Filming began on "The Atomic Space Bug" in the winter of 1999 in the small town of Bainbridge, New York. 
The weather conditions were so harsh that the star of the film, Christopher Englese, was hospitalized twice before the film was completed. Other problems encountered on the set were dodging bullets from the locals who were hunting in nearby woods, and the main actress quitting after just four days of filming, forcing Parisen to put the film on hold for a couple of months until he found a replacement actress. Parisen resumed shooting the film in the summer of 1999, in a wooded area on Staten Island, New York. The summer temperatures of a hundred degrees Fahrenheit (38 °C) and over caused more problems for the cast and crew, mainly for Jason Colucci, who played the role of the Atomic Space Bug. The bug costume was made mostly of foam, with little ventilation. Colucci would have to take many breaks from shooting to avoid passing out. Filming was completed June 1999. The black-and-white film premiered in New York City on July 16, 1999 at Anthology Film Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="2899086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899086" title="Contemporary ballet">
Contemporary ballet

Contemporary ballet is a genre of dance that incorporates elements of classical ballet and modern dance. It employs classical ballet technique and in many cases classical pointe technique as well, but it allows a greater range of movement and may deviate from the strict body lines and forms found in traditional, classical ballet. Many of its attributes come from the ideas and innovations of 20th century modern dance, including floorwork, balletic movements and turn-in of the legs.
__TOC__
History.
George Balanchine is often considered to have been the first pioneer of contemporary ballet. The style of dance he developed, which lies between classical ballet and today's contemporary ballet, is known as "neoclassical ballet". He used flexed hands (and occasionally feet), turned-in legs, off-centered positions and non-traditional costumes, such as leotards and tunics instead of tutus, to distance his work from the classical and romantic ballet traditions. Balanchine brought modern dancers such as Paul Taylor in to dance with his company, the New York City Ballet, and he worked with modern dance choreographer Martha Graham, which expanded his exposure to modern techniques and ideas. During this period, other choreographers such as John Butler and Glen Tetley began to consciously combine ballet and modern techniques in experimentation.
One dancer who trained with Balanchine and absorbed much of this neo-classical style was Mikhail Baryshnikov. Following Baryshnikov's appointment as artistic director of the American Ballet Theatre in 1980, he worked with various modern choreographers, most notably Twyla Tharp. Tharp choreographed "Push Comes To Shove" for ABT and Baryshnikov in 1976; in 1986 she created "In The Upper Room" for her own company. Both of these pieces were considered innovative for their use of distinctly modern movements melded with the use of pointe shoes and classically trained dancers—for their use of "contemporary ballet".
Tharp also worked with the Joffrey Ballet company, founded in 1957 by Robert Joffrey. She choreographed "Deuce Coupe" for them in 1973, using pop music and a blend of modern and ballet techniques. The Joffrey Ballet continued to perform numerous contemporary pieces, many choreographed by co-founder Gerald Arpino.
Today there are many contemporary ballet companies and choreographers, and many traditionally "classical" companies, such as the Kirov Ballet and the Paris Opera Ballet, also regularly perform contemporary works.

</doc>
<doc id="2899093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899093" title="List of people on stamps of the Faroe Islands">
List of people on stamps of the Faroe Islands

The Faroe Islands issued their first stamps January 30, 1975. As the isles are an independent part of Denmark, Danish stamps were used on the isles previously. 
From a philatelist point of view, there are earlier occasions in the postal history of the Faroe Islands, but the first stamps came in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="2899094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899094" title="Smeg Virus Construction Kit">
Smeg Virus Construction Kit

The Smeg Virus Construction Kit (or SMEG) is a polymorphic engine written by virus writer Chris Pile, known as The Black Baron. SMEG is an acronym for Simulated Metamorphic Encryption Generator. Messages within the two viruses Pile created with it, SMEG.Pathogen and SMEG.Queeg, suggest that it is also an allusion to the word smeg, used as a profanity by characters in the British TV series Red Dwarf. The engine is designed to be used to add polymorphism to viruses.
In 1995, Pile was sentenced to 18 months in prison for creating the viruses, becoming the first person convicted under the Computer Misuse Act.

</doc>
<doc id="2899107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899107" title="Metallica Resources">
Metallica Resources

Metallica Resources Inc. was a Canadian based mineral and gold mining company.
Metallica Resources was a publicly held Canadian mineral exploration and development company with a geographic focus in the Americas. The Company had an ownership interest in a gold project at Cerro de San Pedro Mexico. This project had generated legal challenges and concerted opposition by local citizens and organizations across Mexico and North America. The concerns were that the open-pit cyanide leach-pit process used by the project would produce irreparable harm to the environment and historical patrimony of this region in Mexico. Over the years, Mexican courts have suspended or revoked various permits for Metallica's Cerro de San Pedro project. There were fourteen cases before the Mexican courts awaiting resolution. The Cerro de San Pedro case was also being reviewed by the Commission for Environmental Cooperation (CEC). In addition, the Company had a significant copper-gold project in Chile. Metallica's corporate goal was to build shareholder value through growth of its existing assets and pursuit of quality investment opportunities.
The company was acquired by New Gold Inc., and delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange effective July 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2899114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899114" title="Thomas McGarry">
Thomas McGarry

Thomas William McGarry was a Canadian politician. He served as a Conservative Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for Renfrew South from 1905 to 1919, and later as provincial treasurer from 1914 to 1919. He died in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="2899118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899118" title="Puirt à beul">
Puirt à beul

Puirt a beul (, literally "tunes from a mouth") is a traditional form of song native to Scotland; Ireland; and Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.
Name.
The Scottish Gaelic for such a tune is "port a beul": "a tune from a mouth—specifically a "cheerful" tune—which in the plural becomes "puirt à beul"". In mainland Britain they are usually referred to as "puirt a beul" but a variety of other spellings and misspellings also exist, for example "port-a-beul", "puirt a bheul", "puirt a' bhéil", etc. These are mostly due to the fact that a number of grammatical particles in Gaelic are very similar in nature, such as the definite article "a'", the prepositions "of" and to" which can both be "a" and the preposition "á" "from" which can appear without the acute accent.
Modern Irish dictionaries give "port(aireacht) béil", translated as "mouth music" also referred to as lilting. Older dictionaries, such as Dinneen, only give "portaiḋeaċt", "portaireaċt", or "portonaċt".
Origin.
"Puirt à beul" has sometimes been used for dancing when no instruments were available. Although some people believe that "puirt à beul" derives from a time when musical instruments—in particular bagpipes—were unavailable because they were banned, there is no evidence that musical instruments were banned by the Disarming Acts or the Act of Proscription 1746. In his book Traditional Gaelic Bagpiping 1745-1945, John Gibson reprints the entire Disarming Act of 1746 (which is the act usually blamed for the proscription of bagpipes), and shows that bagpipes were not banned. This in and of itself does not clarify whether or not musical instruments were taken away from the people.
Characteristics.
Usually, the genre involves a single performer singing lighthearted, often bawdy lyrics, although these are sometimes replaced with meaningless vocables.
In puirt a beul, the rhythm and sound of the song often have more importance than the depth or even sense of the lyrics. Puirt a beul in this way resembles other song forms like scat singing. Normally, puirt are sung to a 4/4 or 6/8 beat. Performances today may highlight the vocal dexterity by one or two singers, although four-person performances are sometimes made at mods.
Some elements of puirt a beul may have originated as memory aids or as alternatives to instrumental forms such as bagpipe music.
A well-known example of puirt a beul is "Brochan Lom", which is sung in the film "Whisky Galore!", and occurs as background music in the film "The Bridal Path".
Quadriga Consort has been the first ensemble to bring puirt a beul into the Early Music Movement.
Mouth music in the Americas.
When they came across the ocean the ancestors of modern Scottish Americans brought their music with them, including mouth music, which was often incorporated into the lyrics of songs. It became an integral part of Appalachian music, roots music, and bluegrass, from where it spread into many forms of American music.

</doc>
<doc id="2899121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899121" title="Danny Boy (rapper)">
Danny Boy (rapper)

Daniel O’Connor, (born December 12, 1968, in Brooklyn, New York), best known as Danny Boy O’Connor, is an American rapper and a member of the hip-hop group, House of Pain. Danny Boy moved to California in the 80s where he masterminded House of Pain, one of the first all white hip-hop groups. While attending William Howard Taft High School in Woodland Hills, California (1984–1986), he met Erik Schrody and asked him to join his now legendary hip-hop group. While in House of Pain, Danny Boy acted as the hype man, second emcee on stage, and the graphic artist of the group. After House of Pain disbanded Danny Boy continued to work on other projects such as his group Xsupermodels, freelance logo designing, street wear, and sneakers. He is also the Executive Producer of the documentary film, "Just For Kicks" (2005). Danny Boy is currently involved in the hip-hop group La Coka Nostra and The Delta Bravo Urban Exploration Team.
A.T.F., XSM, and other projects.
Since House of Pain's split in 1996, Danny Boy has not been very active in the public. His musical project "A.T.F. (Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms)" broke up before their first release, and the short lived group "XSupermodels" (XSM) only saw a promotional.
He is the featured rapper in Powerman 5000's remake of the Frankie Goes To Hollywood classic, "Relax", on the "Zoolander" soundtrack.
La Coka Nostra.
In 2006, Danny Boy formed La Coka Nostra with Irish-American Rapper and film star Slaine, teaming up with fellow House of Pain member Everlast, DJ Lethal and Ill Bill of Non Phixion. The group's debut album entitled "A Brand You Can Trust" was released on July 14, 2009, on Suburban Noize Records.
Delta Bravo Urban Exploration Team.
Danny Boy is founding member of the Delta Bravo Urban Exploration Team.
The Delta Bravo Urban Exploration Team visits and documents culturally relevant sites such as film, television, music, true crime, and other iconic landmark locations. Headquartered in Los Angeles, they also have chapters in Chicago, Boston and Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2899127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899127" title="European Union Special Representative">
European Union Special Representative

The European Union Special Representatives (EUSR) are emissaries of the European Union with specific tasks abroad. While the EU's ambassadors are responsible for affairs with a single country, Special Representatives tackle specific issues, conflict areas or regions of countries. They answer directly to the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, currently Catherine Ashton.
Current SRs by region.
Europe.
Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Peter Sørensen took over the position of EUSR in Bosnia and Herzegovina with a mandate from 1 September 2011 until 30 June 2015. His post was de-coupled from the one of High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina (which remained in the hands of Valentin Inzko), aiming at fostering the EU pre-accession strategy for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Kosovo.
Samuel Žbogar was appointed as Special Representative in Kosovo for the period from 1 February 2012 to 30 June 2014.
South Caucasus and Georgia.
Philippe Lefort was appointed EU Special Representative for the South Caucasus and the crisis in Georgia on 1 September 2011. His mandate runs until 30 June 2014.
Asia.
Afghanistan.
Franz-Michael Skjold Mellbin was appointed European Union Special Representative (EUSR) in Afghanistan from 1 September 2013. His mandate is to contribute, through close liaison with and support for the Special Representative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Brahmini, to achieving the implementation of the Union's policy in Afghanistan, which includes the implementation of the EU-Afghanistan Joint Declaration; leading the implementation of the EU Action Plan on Afghanistan and Pakistan, in so far as it concerns Afghanistan, thereby working with EU Member States’ representatives in Afghanistan; and supporting the role of the United Nations in Afghanistan with particular emphasis on contributing to better co-ordinated international assistance. His mandate ends on 30 June 2014.
Central Asia.
Patricia Flor was appointed Special Representative for central Asia on 25 June 2012. Her mandate, which runs from 1 July 2012 until 30 June 2014, is to promote good relations between the EU and central Asian countries and to strengthen stability, cooperation, democracy and respect for human rights in the region. In particular, the EU Special Representative will co-ordinate EU action in central Asia and oversee the implementation of the EU Strategy for central Asia.
Middle East.
Andreas Reinicke was appointed on 1 February 2012. His mandate was supposed to run until 30 June 2014 but was suddenly interrupted by the EU's High Representative, Catherine Ashton, in December 2013, wihtout appointing anyone else for this position. The mandate of the Special Representative is based on the EU's policy objectives regarding the Middle East peace process, which include a two-State solution with Israel and a democratic, viable, peaceful and sovereign Palestinian State living side-by-side within secure and recognised borders enjoying normal relations with their neighbours in accordance with UN Security Council Resolutions 242, 338, 1397 and 1402 and the principles of the Madrid Conference.
Africa.
African Union.
Gary Quince was appointed EU Special Representative (EUSR) for the African Union (AU) on 1 November 2011. His mandate runs until 30 June 2014.
Horn of Africa (incl. the region of Sudan).
Alexander Rondos was appointed European Union Special Representative for the Horn of Africa on 1 January 2012. His mandate runs until 31 October 2014.
Sahel.
Michel Dominique Reveyrand-de Menthon is appointed as the EUSR for the Sahel on 18 March 2013. His mandate runs until 28 February 2014.
Southern Mediterranean.
Bernardino León was appointed EU Special Representative for the Southern Mediterranean region on 18 July 2011. His mandate, which runs until 30 June 2014, is based on the policy objectives of the Union regarding Southern Neighbourhood. Those objectives include enhancing the Union's political dialogue, contributing to the partnership and broader relationship with the countries of the Southern Mediterranean region and establishing close coordination with relevant local partners and international and regional organisations such as the African Union, the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf, the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, the League of Arab States and the United Nations.
Global.
Human Rights.
A long standing request for a representative that would be in charge of enhancing the effectiveness and visibility of EU's Human rights policy, based on the Strategic Framework and Action Plan on Human Rights and Democracy (officially adopted on 25 June 2012), led to the creation of the post of the Special Representative of the European Union for Human Rights. The post, which is providing a strong, independent, flexible and sufficiently broad mandate, is aiming to cover fields such as the strengthening of democracy, International justice, humanitarian law and the abolition of the death penalty .
On 25 July 2012, the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Baroness Ashton appointed Stavros Lambrinidis, a former foreign affairs minister of Greece and Vice-President of the European Parliament, as the first Special Representative of the European Union for Human Rights, with a mandate from 1 September 2012 to 30 June 2014.
Previous SRs.
The table below is based on official sources provided by the EU.

</doc>
<doc id="2899128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899128" title="Omakase">
Omakase

Usage.
In American English, the expression is used at sushi restaurants to leave the selection to the chef. It differs from ordering à la carte. The chef will generally present a series of plates, beginning with the lightest fare and proceeding to heaviest, richest dishes. The phrase is not exclusive to service of raw fish with rice, and can incorporate grilling, simmering, or other cooking techniques as well.
Pronunciation.
oh-MAH-ka-se
How to pronounce Omakase
Characteristics.
Customers ordering "omakase" style expect the chef to be innovative and surprising in the selection of dishes, and the meal can be likened to an artistic performance by the chef. Ordering omakase can be a gamble; however, the customer typically receives the highest-quality fish in stock at a less expensive cost than if it had been ordered à la carte.
From the restaurant's perspective, a large number of customers ordering "omakase" can help in planning for food costs.

</doc>
<doc id="2899134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899134" title="Malygin (1912 icebreaker)">
Malygin (1912 icebreaker)

Icebreaker Malygin was a Russian and Soviet icebreaker ship of 3,200 tonnes displacement. She was named after Stepan Malygin.
History.
"Malygin" was built in 1912 as the "SS Bruce" for the Newfoundland shipping company and sold to Russia in 1915. The ship was originally named "Solovei Budemirovich" (Соловей Будимирович) after Nightingale the Robber. She was renamed "Malygin" in 1921.
In 1928, she took part in the search of the Umberto Nobile's dirigible expedition. In 1922-1939, she performed hydrological research in the Arctic Ocean. In July 1931, Professor V. Yu. Vize led an expedition on the "Malygin" to Franz Josef Land and the northern part of the Kara Sea. Captain D.T. Chertkhov was in command of the "Malygin". Other members included technicians whose mission was to locate a suitable place for a Soviet floatplane base in Franz Josef Land. During this expedition German airship "Graf Zeppelin" made a memorable rendezvous with icebreaker "Malygin" at Bukhta Tikhaya in Hooker Island, Franz Josef Land.
In 1937, she took part in drifting expedition together with Icebreaker "Sadko" and "Icebreaker Sedov". 
The "Malygin" sank in a storm near Kamchatka on 28 October 1940 with all 98 people on board while returning from a hydrographic expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="2899139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899139" title="Guido Nincheri">
Guido Nincheri

Guido Nincheri (1885 – 1 March 1973) was a Canadian painter and designer working mainly in stained glass and fresco.
Biography.
Guido Nincheri was born in Prato, Italy in 1885. He studied art in Florence and immigrated to Montreal in 1915 after a short stay in Boston where he decorated the Boston Opera House. He listed the artists Titian and Raphael as his strongest influences. He worked for Henri Perdriau, decorating churches in Quebec. He produced stained glass windows and frescoes for 100+ churches in Canada and United States.
Nincheri designed the interior decoration of many Catholic churches across Canada and New England, including Saint-Viateur d'Outremont and Saint-Léon de Westmount Church (a National Historic Site of Canada). 
He not only executed frescoes and stained glass, but also designed a number of churches, including St. Anthony of Padua in Ottawa and the Church of the Madonna della Difesa in Montreal, which is famous for its fresco depicting Benito Mussolini on horseback among a group of the faithful. In the United States many of his works are found in the Franco-American Catholic Churches of the Providence Diocese in Rhode Island. Three of his largest works are in the Church of Christ the King, West Warwick, RI. His secular work includes the Roger Williams Park Museum of Natural History and Planetarium in Providence, Rhode Island and the Château Dufresne in Montreal.
In addition to the churches mentioned above, his frescoes can be seen in St. Ann's Church Complex (Woonsocket, Rhode Island) in Woonsocket, Rhode Island; Ste. Amélie in Baie-Comeau, Quebec; St. Theresa of the Child Jesus in Ottawa; St. Michael's and St. Anthony's in Montreal; the Chapel of the Saints-Noms-de-Jésus-et-de-Marie Mother House in Montreal. 
Nincheri executed an estimated 2000 stained glass windows in about 100 different churches in Quebec, Ontario, the Maritimes, British Columbia and New England.
Recognition.
Pope Pius XI dubbed Nincheri 'the church's greatest artist of religious themes'.
Nincheri was knighted by the Italian government in 1972.
In 1992, Nincheri was honoured for his contribution during Montreal's 350th anniversary celebrations.
One of his circa 1940 stained glass windows, entitled "Our Lady of the Rosary" from Holy Rosary Cathedral (Vancouver) was featured on a Canadian Christmas 45-cent postage stamp in 1997.
For his work at the Roger Williams Park Museum, which was donated without charge, the city of Providence named Nincheri an honorary citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="2899147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899147" title="Thomas of Marga">
Thomas of Marga

Thomas of Marga, (, "") was an East Syrian bishop and author of an important monastic history in Syriac, who flourished in the 9th century CE. He was born early in the century in the region of Salakh to the north-east of Mosul. As a young man he became in 832 a monk of the monastery of Beth 'Abhe, which was situated at the confluence of the Great Zab with one of its tributaries, about 25 miles east of Mosul. A few years later he was acting as secretary to Abraham, who had been abbot of Beth 'Abhe, and was patriarch of the Church of the East from 837 to 850. 
At some date during these 13 years Thomas was promoted by Abraham to be bishop of the diocese of Marga in the same district as Beth 'Abhe, and afterwards he was further advanced to be a metropolitan of Beth Garmai, a district farther to the southeast in the mountains which border the Tigris basin. It was during the period of his life at Beth 'Abhe and his bishopric that he composed "The Book of Governors", which is in the main a history of his own monastery, but includes lives of Assyrian Christian holy men in other parts of Mesopotamia and the regions east of the Tigris. The work was probably planned in imitation of the famous "Paradise" of Palladius, the history of Egyptian monasticism which had become well known to Syriac-speaking Christians in the version of Anan-Isho (6th century).
"The Book of Governors" has been edited with an English translation and a copious introduction by E. W. Budge (2 vols., London, 1893; Google Books), who claims that "it occupies a unique position in Syriac literature, and it fully deserves the veneration with which it has been and is still regarded by all classes of Assyrians to whom it is known." It gives a detailed history of the great monastery cf Beth 'Abhe during its three centuries of existence down to the author's time. It is full of interesting narratives of saintly men told in a naive and candid spirit, and it throws much light on the history of Christianity in the Persian dominions. There is a later edition by P. Bedjan (Paris, 1901).

</doc>
<doc id="2899149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899149" title="Veronese Riddle">
Veronese Riddle

The Veronese Riddle is a riddle written in late Vulgar Latin written on the margin of a parchment, on the Verona Orational, probably in the 8th or early 9th century, by a Christian monk from Verona, in northern Italy. It was a very popular riddle in the Middle Ages and has survived into dialects to date. Discovered by Luigi Schiaparelli in 1924, it is considered the first document ever written in the Italian language along with the Placiti Cassinesi. 
Text.
The original lines are:
which translates more or less like this:
Explanation and origins of the "Indovinello" (Riddle).
The lines of this riddle tell us of a somebody with a "pair of oxen" ("boves") who used to plow "white fields" ("alba pratalia") with a "white plow" ("albo versorio"), sowing a "black seed" ("negro semen"). This person is the writer himself, the monk whose business is to copy old manuscripts. The two oxen are his fingers which draw a white feather (the white plow) across the page (the white fields), leaving black ink marks (black seed). 
This document dates to the late 8th-early 9th century and was followed by a small thanksgiving prayer in Latin: "gratias tibi agimus omnip(oten)s sempiterne d(eu)s". These lines were written on codex LXXXIX (89) of the "Biblioteca Capitolare di Verona". The parchment, discovered by Schiapparelli in 1924 is a Mozarabic oration by the Spanish Christian Church, i.e. a document in a Romance language first written in Spain in an area influenced by the Moorish culture, probably around Toledo. It was then brought to Cagliari and then Pisa before reaching the Chapter of Verona.
Text analysis and comments.
Many more European documents seem to confirm that the distinctive traits of Romance languages occurred all around the same time (e.g. France's "Serments de Strasburg"). Though initially hailed as the earliest document in Italian in the first years following Schiapparelli's discovery, today the record has been disputed by many scholars from Bruno Migliorini to Cesare Segre and Francesco Bruni, who have placed it at the latest stage of Vulgar Latin, though this very term is far from being clear-cut and Migliorini himself considers it dilapidated. At present, however, the "Placito Capuano" (960 A.D.) (the first in a series of four documents dating 960-963 A.D. issued by a Capuan court) is considered to be the first document ever written in Italian, although Migliorini concedes that since the "Placito" was put on record as an official court proceeding (and signed by a notary), Italian must have been widely spoken for at least one century.
Some words stick indeed to the rules of Latin grammar ("boves" with "-es" for the accusative plural masculine, "alba" with "-a" suffix for the plural neuter). Yet more are distinctly Italian, with no cases and producing the typical ending of Italian verbs: "pareba" (It. pareva), "araba" (It. arava), "teneba" (It. teneva), "seminaba" (It. seminava) instead of Latin parebat, arabat, tenebat, seminabat. "Albo versorio" and "negro semen" have replaced Latin "album versorium" and "nigrum semen". "Versorio" is still the word for "plow" in today's Veronese dialect (and the other varieties of Venetian language) as the verb "parar" is still the word for 'push on', 'drive', 'lead' (in Italian " spingere", "guidare"). Michele A. Cortelazzo and Ivano Paccagnella say that the plural "-es" of "boves" may well be considered Ladin (a Romance language spoken in parts of Veneto, Trentino and South Tyrol) and therefore not Latin, but romance. "Albo" is early Italian, especially since German "blank" entered Italian usage later, leading to current Italian "bianco" (white).
Conclusion.
The telling signs we are looking for are then the suppression of Latin cases and genders, including the disappearance of the "-t" for the third person singular. We can sum up these changes as representing the passage from a synthetic (inflective) to a more analytic (prepositional and affixal) language. More research is indeed needed to validate either Schiapparelli's (pro-Italian) or Migliorini's (pro-Latin) approaches, but the "Indovinello" remains indisputably a major watershed in the history of the Italian language.

</doc>
<doc id="2899157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899157" title="Stade de Genève">
Stade de Genève

Stade de Genève, also called Stade de Servette, is a stadium in Geneva. It has a capacity of 30,084. 
Overview.
The stadium was completed in 2003 by Zschokke Construction S.A. after nearly three years of construction. Normally the home venue of Geneva's Servette FC, a Swiss football team, the stadium hosted international friendlies between Argentina and England on November 12, 2005, which England won 3-2 and between New Zealand and Brazil on June 4, 2006, which Brazil won 4-0. The venue played host to three group-stage matches for Group A during UEFA Euro 2008.
A memorable match Turkey-Czech Republic was played in this stadium. The stadium was also used for rugby union, with a 2006-07 Heineken Cup clash between Bourgoin and Munster being moved from Bourgoin's home ground.
NLA Winter Classic.
On January 11, 2014, the National League A played its second Winter Classic (the first one was held on January 14, 2007 at the Stade de Suisse, Wankdorf). The game featured the Genève-Servette HC and the Lausanne HC and was played in front of a sellout crowd of 29,400 (the capacity being reduced to 29,400 for security and visibility concerns).

</doc>
<doc id="2899165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899165" title="Alacarte">
Alacarte

Alacarte (previously the Simple Menu Editor for GNOME or SMEG) is a menu editor for the GNOME desktop, written in python. It is part of the GNOME 2.16 release, also mostly written in python.
The menu "Places" is not available for editing.
You can edit the places menu somewhat with this: "$gedit ~/.gtk-bookmarks",
or use gconf-editor (e.g. "/system/storage/drives/_org_freedesktop_.../mount_options").
An alternative to Alacarte is Menulibre.

</doc>
<doc id="2899174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899174" title="Battle of Pavia (271)">
Battle of Pavia (271)

The Battle of Ticinum or Battle of Pavia was fought in 271 near Pavia (Italy), and resulted in the Roman Emperor Aurelian destroying the retreating Juthungi army.
Background.
In 271, Juthungi invaded Italy. They defeated Aurelian's army at the Battle of Placentia but, on their way against the defenseless Rome, they were repulsed by the imperial army at the Battle of Fano. Juthungi then asked for peace but Aurelian rejected their demand for safe passage. Trying to force way to their homelands, they headed to the north using the Via Aemilia. On the other side, Aurelian wanted a decisive victory in order to restore his damaged reputation after the loss at Placentia as well as to recover the plunder Juthungi were carrying. Therefore he went in pursuit of the invaders, waiting for the best moment to attack.
The battle.
Aurelian attacked the Juthungi while they were entering the open plains near Ticinum (Pavia). He was able to destroy their entire force but a column that escaped through the Alps. However, even this remnant of the invading force was finally caught by Aurelian in Raetia and was eliminated.
Aftermath.
For the victory, Aurelian assumed the title of honour "Germanicus Maximus". His victories ended the Juthungi invasion, but the Roman citizenry were shocked by the great threat that Rome itself had faced after the loss near Placentia. In response, Aurelianus decided to build new fortifications around Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="2899176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899176" title="Thermotrope">
Thermotrope

In BEAM robotics, a thermotrope is a robot that reacts to heat sources. Literally, "heat turning," this term is generally (if somewhat inaccurately) applied to heat-seeking robots. More accurately, thermotropes can either seek (thermophiles) or flee (thermophobes) sources of heat.

</doc>
<doc id="2899183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899183" title="Radiotrope">
Radiotrope

In BEAM robotics, a radiotrope is a robot that reacts to radio frequency sources. Literally, "radio turning," this term is generally (if somewhat inaccurately) applied to radio frequency seeking robots. More accurately, radiotropes can either seek (radiophiles) or flee (radiophobes) sources of radio waves.

</doc>
<doc id="2899185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899185" title="Peter Smith (Canadian politician)">
Peter Smith (Canadian politician)

Peter Smith (May 26, 1877 – May 21, 1934) was a Canadian politician. He served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for Perth South from 1919 to 1923 representing the United Farmers of Ontario.
He served as provincial treasurer from 1919 to 1923. He was treasurer during the Ontario Bond Scandal.
Smith was tried for his role in the scandal following the fall of the UFO government. On October 24, 1924, he was found guilty of conspiracy to defraud the government and sentenced to Smith three years. (The Globe, Sat., Oct. 25,1924) He and one of his co-accused was fined $600,000. He died in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="2899189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899189" title="Audiotrope">
Audiotrope

In BEAM robotics, an audiotrope is a robot that reacts to sounds. This term, which literally means "sound turning," is generally applied to sound-seeking robots. More accurately, audiotropes can either seek (audiophiles) or avoid (audiophobes) sources of sound.

</doc>
<doc id="2899191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899191" title="Swedish Touring Car Championship">
Swedish Touring Car Championship

Swedish Touring Car Championship (STCC) was a touring car racing series based in Sweden, but also with rounds in Norway. They began operating in 1996, heavily influenced by the British Touring Car Championship and the success of BTCC racing on Swedish television. There are also a number of support classes that compete with their races alongside STCC; Radical, the Camaro Cup, Superkart, Pro Superbike, the JTCC and the Porsche Carrera Cup Scandinavia. The final STCC season was in 2010, as the series merged with the Danish Touringcar Championship to form the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship.
Rules.
The cars are built according to the Super 2000 rules used in the FIA WTCC. A national counterpart, N2000, also exists to encourage teams to build their own cars without having to have them homologated by FIA. So far Audi, Volvo, Opel, and Mercedes have constructed their own cars.
Points System (as of 2006)
Qualifying & Race<br>
Every racing weekend consist of the following:
TV Coverage.
STCC was first aired in 1997 on SVT, featured in the program called "Race" along with the British Touring Car Championship. BTCC was dropped by SVT at the end of the 1999 season and was replaced by CART, while STCC stayed. When BTCC, which had been the main focus of Race, was dropped, STCC was upgraded to be the series which the program had its focus on. Previously when BTCC and STCC clashed, the STCC races were shown in-between the two BTCC races. This was changed for the 2000 season, and now CART was shown in-between the two STCC races. In 2002 VEIDEC Trophy, a motorcycle class that raced on the STCC-weekends, replaced CART on the program. All Race programs were either 30 or 45 minutes in length, depending on if one or two series were featured.<br>
In 2003 STCC coverage moved from SVT to TV4. The program was now shown on TV4 Plus, a channel which not everyone had access to (at the time only SVT1, SVT2 and TV4 was available to all viewers for free). TV4 only kept STCC for a year, selling it to TV3. The races appeared again in a highligts format on TV3 during 2004, but in 2005 the coverage was extended to include several hours of live coverage from each race weekend on the TV3-owned sports channel Viasat Sport.<br>
In 2006 STCC returned to SVT and Race, again being available to all viewers, but coverage was cut down to only a 30-minute highlight program.
Nowadays the competition is broadcast by another TV3-owned channel, Viasat Motor. 
Car brands.
The cars competing in the STCC are (as of 2010): Alfa Romeo, BMW, Chevrolet, Honda, Opel, Peugeot, Seat, Volkswagen and Volvo.

</doc>
<doc id="2899192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899192" title="Wolfgang Tiefensee">
Wolfgang Tiefensee

Wolfgang Tiefensee (born January 4, 1955 in Gera) is a German SPD politician. He was the Federal Minister for Transport, Building and Urban Development in the grand coalition cabinet led by Angela Merkel since November 22, 2005. 
Originally an electrical engineer, he turned to politics in 1989, during the democratization process of the German Democratic Republic. Tiefensee was elected mayor of Leipzig in 1998, and was re-elected with 67.1% of the vote in April 2005. Before 2005, he declined offers of a position in the federal government, stating his place was in Leipzig.
As mayor, he put great effort into Leipzig's bid to host the 2012 Olympic Games. While Leipzig unexpectedly won the campaign to tender the German bid, the middle-sized city did not get past the first round of the international competition, which was in fact won by London.
Wolfgang Tiefensee, whose father was the musician and conductor Siegfried Tiefensee, is also known for playing the cello, a talent that he successfully incorporated into Leipzig's Olympic bid. His brother, Eberhard Tiefensee, is a Catholic priest and professor of theology at the University of Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="2899193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899193" title="Honest (soundtrack)">
Honest (soundtrack)

Honest is the soundtrack of the 2000 feature film "Honest", directed by ex-Eurythmics member David A. Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="2899203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899203" title="William Herbert Price">
William Herbert Price

William Herbert Price (May 25, 1877–December 21, 1963) was a Canadian politician, lawyer and soldier. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as the Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for the Parkdale electoral district from its inception in 1914 to his retirement in 1937. During World War I, while still serving as an MLA, he also served as a Lieutenant-Colonel for the 204th Battalion of the Canadian Infantry from 1916 until the end of the war. He easily won re-election in the 1919 Ontario general election, even though he spent the previous few years in Europe and not in the legislature. He won re-election, again in the 1923 election that saw United Farmers of Ontario government fall to his party's Conservatives, and allowed him to become the province's Treasurer from 1923 to 1926. He was re-elected again in 1926, and was appointed as the Attorney General of Ontario from 1926 to 1934. After being re-elected in the 1934 Ontario general election, he remained one of the few Conservative cabinet members to remain in the Legislature, as the Liberals won the most seats and formed a majority government. Even though he was presumed to be the leading contender to become the Conservative party's leader, Price announced in May 1936 that he would not seek re-election and would retire at the end of the legislative session. His decision came about two-weeks before the Conservatives were to pick a new leader, and turned it into a wide-open contest.
He was born in Owen Sound, Ontario, the son of William H. Price. He taught school for several years, then studied at Osgoode Hall and the University of Toronto. He was called to the Ontario bar in 1904 and went on to practice as a barrister and solicitor. In 1910, he married Alice Gentles. They had three sons; his middle son, Captain John Gentles Price, of the 1st Battalion Queen's Own Rifles, was killed in action on September 8, 1944 in France during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="2899205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899205" title="Robert Dodd (baseball)">
Robert Dodd (baseball)

Robert Wayne Dodd (born March 14, 1973) is a former American professional baseball player who was a pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies for a single Major League Baseball season in 1998.
Dodd was born in Kansas City, Kansas. He attended Plano Senior High School in the north Dallas suburb of Plano, Texas, and played for the Plano Wildcats high school baseball team.
Dodd attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Joe Arnold's Florida Gators baseball team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition in 1994.
Dodd was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies in the fourteenth round of the 1994 MLB Draft as a pitcher. He appeared in 4 games (5 innings) at the major league level. In a strange twist, in his final MLB appearance he pitched 1 scoreless inning (top of the 9th) with the Phillies trailing 7–1. The team rallied for 7 runs in the bottom of the inning giving him his only win.
In the 2000s, Dodd was diagnosed with diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="2899206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899206" title="Raindance Communications">
Raindance Communications

Raindance Communications Inc., was a US company that provides online meeting, web conferencing and teleconferencing services. Its products include "Raindance Seminar Edition", "Raindance Meeting Edition", "Raindance Web Conferencing Pro", "Raindance Reservationless Conferencing", and others. The company is typically referred to as simply "Raindance."
History.
Raindance was founded in April 1997. Originally called Vstream, the company specialized in the emerging field of internet streaming media. In 1999 the firm diversified into the web conferencing space by hosting and webcasting audio conferences using its existing streaming technology.
In 2000, Vstream changed its name to Evoke Communications and offered its IPO. In 2002, following a trademark dispute with Evoke Software, the company took the Raindance name.
The 7m-share IPO priced at $8.00, raising approximately $56m for the company and the stock commenced trading on July 25, 2000. In 2005, the stock traded in a range of $1.94- $2.73, closing the month of September 2005 at $2.32, representing a decline of approximately 70% from the IPO price. The company never declared a dividend after going public.
The stock performance over the last five years probably reflects the company's poor earnings. Raindance reported a net loss every year since the IPO (except 2003). The company did report profits in the first two quarters of 2005 based on driving efficiencies in the core business as well as development of web conferencing as a product line. Competition intensified in the space leading Raindance to become an acquisition target.
Executive compensation does not seem excessive. According to Raindance's 2005 proxy statement, CEO Donald F Detampel, Jr. (who also serves on the Board of Directors), received a salary and bonus of close to $500,000 in 2004 (not including stock options), below the amount previously paid to former CEO Paul A. Berberian. Mr. Berberian, a co-founder of Raindance, resigned as CEO in 2003 and from the company's Board of Directors effective May 6, 2005.
In February 2006, Raindance was acquired by Omaha, Nebraska based West Corporation, a provider of outsourced communication solutions for $110 Million, at $2.70 per share in cash. Shareholders of Raindance agreed to the acquisition in April 2006 and the company was then incorporated into InterCall, Inc., a division of West Corporation.
Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement.
On September 27, 2005, WebEx sued Raindance Communications, Inc., a competitor, for patent infringement. On October 14, 2005, Raindance filed a countersuit against WebEx for patent infringement. Both parties sought both damages and an injunction enjoining further acts they claim to be infringing on patents. On March 31, 2006, the parties agreed to the dismissal of both actions, releases of claims for past infringement, payments associated with those releases, and cross-licenses to each other's patents. The agreement resulted in Webex receiving $1.0 million from Raindance.

</doc>
<doc id="2899209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899209" title="Love, Reign o'er Me">
Love, Reign o'er Me

"Love, Reign o'er Me" is a song by English rock band The Who. Written by guitarist and songwriter Pete Townshend, it was released on 23 October 1973 as the second single from the band's sixth studio album and second rock opera, "Quadrophenia". It is the final song on the album, and has been a concert staple for years. The song peaked at number 76 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 54 on "Cash Box".
Origin and recording.
"Love, Reign o'er Me", along with "Is It in My Head?" also from "Quadrophenia", date back to 1972. Both songs were originally intended to be part of the unreleased autobiographical album, "Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock!", which later evolved into "Quadrophenia".
Lyrics.
"Love, Reign o'er Me" concerns the main character of "Quadrophenia", Jimmy, having a personal crisis. With nothing left to live for, he finds a spiritual redemption in pouring rain. As Townshend described the song:
refers to Meher Baba's one time comment that rain was a blessing from God; that thunder was God's Voice. It's another plea to drown, only this time in the rain. Jimmy goes through a suicide crisis. He surrenders to the inevitable, and you know, you know, when it's over and he goes back to town he'll be going through the same shit, being in the same terrible family situation and so on, but he's moved up a level. He's weak still, but there's a strength in that weakness. He's in danger of maturing.
Release and reception.
"Love, Reign o'er Me" was released as a 7" single. The single release version of this song is shorter than the album track, missing the introductory falling rain sound and the first piano intro and tympani and gong crash, slightly different sequence of the lyrics and ends on string synthesizers with piano rather than the drum solo, guitar, gong and brass explosion as on the album. The single was released with a B-side titled "Water". The song peaked at number 76 on the Billboard Hot 100. Outside the US, the single was released in Belgium and the Netherlands.
Frontman Roger Daltrey's vocal on the track has been widely praised; Mark Deming of Allmusic noted ""Quadrophenia" captured him at the very peak of his powers, and "Love, Reign o'er Me" is one moment where his golden-haired rock-god persona truly works and gives this song all the force it truly deserves."
The song was also featured in the 1979 film based on the "Quadrophenia" album as well as the soundtrack album. The version included on the soundtrack features an added string arrangement and the ending is a few seconds shorter than the album version. The rain sounds have also been removed. The song served as inspiration for the title of the 2007 film, "Reign Over Me", and was also featured extensively throughout the film.
Live performances.
"Love, Reign o'er Me" was first performed live on the Who's "Quadrophenia" tour from 1973–74, but it was dropped after the tour. It was returned to the band's setlist for the 1982 farewell tour of North America. The band performed it again at its one-off performance at Bob Geldof's Live Aid concert at Wembley Stadium in London, England on 13 July 1985 and it remained in the act for their 1989 reunion tour. When The Who performed "Quadrophenia" in its entirety in the summer of 1996, the band was joined by Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour on the song. At The Who's 1 July 2002 concert at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles, California (the first after bassist John Entwistle's death), it was brought back, and is performed as part of their Quadrophenia and More tour. Live performances of "Love, Reign o'er Me" can be found on the live albums "Who's Last", "Greatest Hits Live" and "Join Together".
Track listing.
All songs written by Pete Townshend.
Pearl Jam's version.
The American rock band Pearl Jam released a cover of "Love, Reign o'er Me" for the 2007 film, "Reign Over Me", which took its name from The Who's song. Pearl Jam's version is played over the end credits of the movie.
Origin and recording.
Actor Adam Sandler approached vocalist Eddie Vedder after a 2006 Pearl Jam concert in Los Angeles, California about covering "Love, Reign o'er Me" for the film. Vedder was reluctant at first, however he agreed to do the cover only after talking to Daltrey, who called Vedder and gave his approval. Guitarist Mike McCready said, "I knew he'd put everything into it, because he'd know Pete Townshend might someday listen to it."
Release and reception.
The cover of "Love, Reign o'er Me" made a world premiere on the KISW radio station on 8 January 2007. The track appears on Pearl Jam's 2006 fan club Christmas single along with a cover of Neil Young's "Rockin' in the Free World" featuring Bono and The Edge from U2. The cover was also made available commercially as a single download from iTunes on 23 February 2007. Pearl Jam's version of the song peaked at number 32 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Live performances.
Pearl Jam first performed its cover of "Love, Reign o'er Me" live at the band's 26 June 2007 concert in Copenhagen, Denmark at the Forum. It was one of two songs the band performed for VH1 Rock Honors: The Who in July 2008. Live performances by Pearl Jam of "Love, Reign o'er Me" can be found on various official bootlegs.

</doc>
<doc id="2899216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899216" title="CAD data exchange">
CAD data exchange

CAD data exchange involves a number of software technologies and methods to translate data from one Computer-aided design system to another CAD file format. This PLM technology is required to facilitate collaborative work (CPD) between OEMs and their suppliers.
The main topic is with the translation of geometry (wireframe, surface and solid) but also of importance is other data such as attributes; metadata, assembly structure and feature data.
Methods of translation.
There are basically three methods of transferring data from one CAD system to another.
Direct internal.
Some CAD systems can directly read and/or write other CAD formats, simply by using file open and file save as options. As most CAD file formats are not open, this option is limited to either systems owned by the same company or via hacking of competitor's file format.
Direct external.
There are a number of companies that specialize in CAD data translation software, providing software that can read one system and write the information in another CAD system format. These systems have their own proprietary intermediate format some of which will allow reviewing the data during translation. Some of these translators work stand-alone while others require one or both of the CAD packages installed on the translation machine as they use code (APIs) from these systems to read/write the data.
Data translation formats.
A common method of translation is via an intermediary format. The sending CAD system exports out to this format and the receiving CAD system reads in this format. 
Some formats are independent of the CAD vendors being defined by standards organisations while others, although owned by a company, are widely used and are regarded as quasi industry standards. It is becoming increasingly common for companies owning these quasi industry standards to further the use of their formats by openly publishing these data formats. 
Example formats:
A number of CAD data exchange methods are described by recent academic studies. The neutral modeling command (NMC) method, proposed by Zhejiang University, is an example of these methods.
Level of information detail translated..
As each CAD system has its own method of describing geometry, both mathematically and structurally, there is always some loss of information when translating data from one CAD data format to another. The intermediate file formats are also limited in what they can describe, and they can be interpreted differently by both the sending and receiving systems.
It is therefore important when transferring data between systems to identify what needs to be translated.
If only the 3D model is required for the downstream process, then only the model description needs to be transferred. However, there are levels of detail. For example: is the data wireframe, surface, or solid; is the topology (BREP) information required; must the face and edge identifications be preserved on subsequent modification; must the feature information and history be preserved between systems; and is PMI annotation to be transferred.
With product models, retaining the assembly structure may be required.
If drawings need to be translated, the wireframe geometry is normally not an issue; however text, dimensions and other annotation can be an issue, particularly fonts and formats.
No matter what data is to be translated, there is also a need to preserve attributes (such as color and layer of graphical objects) and text information stored within the files.
Sometimes, however, there is a problem caused by too much information being preserved. An example are the constraints placed on designers arising out of the design intent-history captured in parametric design systems. The receiving system must provide designers with the design freedom to modify geometry without having to understand the history of, or undo, the design tree.
Some translation methods are more successful than others at translating data between CAD systems.
MultiCAD Digital Mockups.
Two CAD/CAM/CAE PLM trends have been driving CAD Data Exchange technology. One is the need for close interaction throughout today’s extended multiCAD enterprises. The other is the increased reliance on digital mockups to permit visualization, design in context, simulation and analysis of large scale assemblies prior to the actual manufacture of the physical product. Ongoing advances in data exchange technology have enabled significant fulfillment of those needs.
The ability to visualize medium if not large scale assemblies was one of the early successes of these CAD translation formats. Hardware improvements and the development of lightweight formats supported larger scale assemblies. 
Current advances now allow an “Active Mockup.” This technology allows design in context with simulations such as dynamic clearance analysis and automatic generation of motion envelopes. Active mockups allow the edit of components from directly within the multi-CAD assembly. Multiple level-of-detail displays support interactive performance even in huge assemblies.
CAD to CAM Data Exchange.
NC programming typically requires that the geometry received from a CAD system, whether in wireframe, surface, solid or combined formats, be free from any irregularities and inconsistencies that may have occurred in the CAD phase of geometry creation. Data exchange from CAD to CAM must therefore include tools for identifying and repairing those inconsistencies. These tools are typically included in the data exchange software of each CAM solution-set. 
In a true PLM environment, CAD to CAM data exchange must provide for more than the transfer of geometry. Product Manufacturing Information, whether generated by the designer for use by manufacturing, or generated by the manufacturing organization for use by design, must be a part of the data exchange system. STEP-NC was designed to carry GD&T and other PMI through CAD and CAM into a CNC.

</doc>
<doc id="2899217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899217" title="Norwegian Touring Car Championship">
Norwegian Touring Car Championship

The Norwegian Touring Car Championship (or NTCC) was held for three seasons between 2002 and 2004. The series used cars from the British Touring Car Championship and the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters (DTM) that were built between 1987 and 1995. The series became inactive when it merged with the Swedish SSK series in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2899219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899219" title="Francesco Camilliani">
Francesco Camilliani

Francesco Camilliani (1530 Florence – 1586) was a Tuscan sculptor of the Renaissance period. He studied in Florence under Baccio Bandinelli. His son Camillo Camilliani (died 1603) was later a sculptor too, working in Palermo, where he also worked as an architect and held the post as well of "ingegniere del Regno", "engineer to the Kingdom of Sicily".
Camilliani was praised in one of Cosimo Bartoli's "Ragionamenti Accademici"; in the course of a stroll through Florence the interlocutors in Bartoli's dialogue say of one of Camilliani's statues, that, had it been buried and rediscovered, it would have been praised heartily. 
Francesco Camilliani's most notable work by far is the Renaissance fountain in the Piazza Pretoria in Palermo, the "Fontana Pretoria". This piece was originally commissioned for the garden of the villa outside Florence of Luigi Alvarez de Toledo, son of the viceroy Don Pedro Álvarez de Toledo and brother-in-law of Cosimo I de' Medici; it was completed in 1555. Camilliani was aided in the grand project by the "garzoni" of his studio, including the Florentine Michelangelo Naccherino (1550–1622), or Vagherino Fiorentino. In its original site, Giorgio Vasari called it a "most stupendous fountain that has not its peer in Florence or perhaps in Italy." Under pressure to make economies in his style of living, and perhaps with reservations about the completed fountain's crowd of "ignudi", in January 1573 Don Luigi permitted it to be bought by the Senate of Palermo, through the intervention of his brother Don Garçia, the former viceroy and Governor of Palermo. It was dismantled into six hundred and forty-four pieces and transported to Palermo, and set up there by Camillo Camilliani, who had to concentrate its elements in the more constricted urban space, and to oversee some additions to render it more suitable for Sicily, which included a "Venus" by Antonio Gagini. Re-erection at Palermo was complete in 1584. The sculpture of the fountain depicts fables, monsters, and nymphs all spraying jets of water, which also falls and cascades between them. Once locally known as the "Fontana della Vergogna", the "fountain of shame”, because of the nude statues that stand around the base of each tier, it is one of the few true pieces of High Renaissance art in Palermo.

</doc>
<doc id="2899225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2899225" title="The Associate">
The Associate

The Associate is a 1996 film starring Whoopi Goldberg, Dianne Wiest, Eli Wallach, Timothy Daly, Bebe Neuwirth, Austin Pendleton and Lainie Kazan. The film is a remake of the 1979 French film "L'Associé", which, in turn, was based on Jenaro Prieto's 1928 novel "El Socio".
Plot.
Investment banker Laurel Ayres is a smart and single woman trying to make it up the Wall Street corporate ladder, until one day she finds out that she is passed over for a promotion because she is a woman. Unable to face the fact that her less smart and sexist male protege (Frank) has now become her boss, she quits and tries to start up her own company only to find out that the male dominated world of Wall Street is not interested in taking an African American woman seriously, and thus is forced to create a fictional white man (Robert S. Cutty) in order to be judged on her own merits. Ayres' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer-savvy secretary Sally Dugan, who also was not properly recognized for her talents. Together they are able to become the most successful independent stock brokers in the world while helping a struggling high-tech computer company stay afloat.
However, the ruse eventually runs into problems, as Cutty is still getting credit for Ayres' great ideas, and competing firms and tabloid journalists are willing to do anything in order to bring the wealthy and elusive Cutty into the public and on their side. Thus Ayres is forced to get her best friend (who works at a nightclub as a female impersonator) to create an effective disguise in the mould of Marlon Brando to try to fool the naysayers; when that fails, she and Dugan decide to kill Cutty only to be charged with his murder. Frank uncovers the ruse and pretends that he is now the front man to world-famous Cutty.
The film ends with Ayres donning the Cutty disguise one last time to attend a meeting of the exclusive gentlemen's club to accept Cutty's awards and unmasking herself in order to teach the male dominated industry the evils of racial and sexual discrimination. Ayres is finally given credit for her work and creates a huge business empire with her friends at the helm. Frank attempts to land a job with the business, only to be laughed off.
Reception.
"The Associate" received negative reviews from critics. It currently holds a 28% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Peter Stack of the "San Francisco Chronicle" finds Goldberg "very funny playing out her scheme, which inevitably backfires" and opines that "it's the peripheral characters that give the film its comic momentum."
Contrastingly, Roger Ebert writing in the "Chicago Sun-Times", gave this film two stars, calling it "an uninspired recycling of the "Tootsie" formula. Though the film "scores some good points against the male-dominated hierarchy of the business world," Ebert is ultimately unconvinced by the Cutty character.

</doc>
