<doc id="2913186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913186" title="Mesopotamia, Oxford">
Mesopotamia, Oxford

Mesopotamia is a narrow island (about 800 yards long by 30 yards wide) that forms part of the University Parks, Oxford, England. It lies between the upper and lower levels of the River Cherwell. The name Mesopotamia in Greek means "between the rivers" and originally referred to the area between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers in present-day Iraq.
The land was purchased by the University of Oxford during the expansion of the Oxford University Parks between 1860 and 1865. A footpath, Mesopotamia Walk, laid out in 1865 runs along the centre of the spur to Kings Mill.
The Domesday Book records a watermill on this site and milling continued until 1825; one level of the river was once the mill stream. From 1914, attempts were made to introduce wild ducks and geese to the area, but these proved fruitless because of the predatory local otter population. Until 1926, a ferry operated from a point halfway along the Walk, when it was replaced by a footbridge.
Position: 

</doc>
<doc id="2913193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913193" title="Darin">
Darin

Darin may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2913217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913217" title="Samuel D. Felker">
Samuel D. Felker

Samuel Demeritt Felker (April 16, 1859 – November 14, 1932) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Rochester, New Hampshire.
Family life.
Felker was born to William H. and Deborah A. (Demeritt) Felker in Rochester, New Hampshire. Felker married Mary J. Dudley on June 26, 1900 in Buffalo, New York. Feckler was a member of the Congregationalist Church.
Education.
Felker graduated from Dartmouth College in 1882. In 1888 Felker earned a A.M. and a L.L.B from the Boston University School of Law.
Early political career.
Felker was a member of the New Hampshire state constitutional convention of 1889, he served in the New Hampshire Senate from 1890 to 1892, as the mayor of Rochester, New Hampshire in 1896 and 1897, and from 1909 to 1911 in the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
Governor of New Hampshire.
In 1912 Felker ran as a Democrat for Governor of New Hampshire, because no candidate received a majority of the vote, Felker was selected Governor by the New Hampshire legislature. Felker lost in his bid for reelection in 1915.
Judge of the Rochester Municipal Court.
After he was defeated in his bid to be reelected Governor of the New Hampshire, his successor Rolland H. Spaulding, appointed Felker as Judge of the Rochester Municipal Court, a position Felker held from July 20, 1915 until 1930.
Death.
Felker died on November 14, 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="2913222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913222" title="Leonard Weinglass">
Leonard Weinglass

Leonard Irving Weinglass (August 27, 1933 – March 23, 2011) was a U.S. criminal defense lawyer and constitutional law advocate. Weinglass graduated from Yale Law School in 1958, then served as a Captain Judge Advocate in the United States Air Force from 1959 to 1961. He was admitted to the bar in New Jersey, New York, Connecticut and California. He taught criminal trial advocacy at the University of Southern California Law School from 1974 to 1976, and at the Peoples College of Law, in Los Angeles, California from 1974 to 1975. 
Career.
Weinglass championed a number of liberal and radical causes during the counterculture era. An expert in constitutional law, he served as co-chairman of the international committee of the National Lawyers Guild. Along with attorney William Kunstler, Weinglass represented the Chicago 7 in their 1968 trial. He also participated in the defense of Daniel Ellsberg and Anthony Russo, who were charged with leaking the Pentagon Papers and whose trial ended in a dismissal of all charges. In 1970, he represented and won the acquittal of Angela Davis who was charged with participation in the abduction and murder of a local judge. 
Other prominent clients included Kathy Boudin, a member of the Weather Underground charged with felony murder for her participation in an armed robbery; anti-war activist Ron Kaufman; Bill and Emily Harris (of the SLA) and Jimi Simmons, among others. He was the lead defense attorney for Mumia Abu-Jamal for several years. In 1995, he authored a book about Abu-Jamal's case entitled "Race for Justice: Mumia Abu Jamal's Fight Against the Death Penalty". 
In 1972, Weinglass took on the defense of John Sinclair, Chairman of the White Panther Party in Detroit, Michigan. The case became United States v. U.S. District Court, 407 U.S. 297 (1972) on appeal to the United States Supreme Court, a landmark decision prohibiting the government's use of electronic surveillance without a warrant. 
Weinglass defended Kathy Boudin in the Brink's robbery (1981)
In 1985, Weinglass successfully defended Stephen Bingham, an attorney accused of smuggling a handgun to George Jackson in San Quentin Prison setting off an escape attempt that resulted in the death of Jackson, two other inmates, and three prison guards.
Weinglass was the lead appellate attorney for the Cuban Five from 2002 until his death in 2011.
Last years.
Up until the last year of his life, Weinglass continued to take on cases. He saw no reason to stop: ""the typical call I get is the one that starts by saying 'You are the fifth attorney we've called'. Then I get interested.""
Death.
Leonard Weinglass died on March 23, 2011, aged 78, from pancreatic cancer, in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="2913229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913229" title="Marc Moro">
Marc Moro

Marc Moro (born July 17, 1977) is a retired Canadian hockey player who was the first captain for the Toronto Maple Leafs AHL affiliate team, the Toronto Marlies. He was drafted in the 2nd Round, 27th overall by the Ottawa Senators in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft. 
Marc played his junior hockey with the Kingston Frontenacs from 1993 to 1997, and the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds for part of the 1996–97 season. Marc got to play his first pro hockey game for the Prince Edward Island Senators of the AHL during the 1995–96 season before being sent back to the juniors.
Marc Moro never played a game in an Ottawa Senators jersey. In 1996, his rights were traded to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim with Ted Drury for Jason York and Shaun Van Allen. He would make his NHL debut with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, only playing in one game during the 1997–98 season. He would be dealt the next season with goaltender Chris Mason to the Nashville Predators for goaltender Dominic Roussel.
Marc Moro made history in October, 2005 by being selected to be the first captain in Toronto Marlies history. Marc was also the St. John's Maple Leafs last captain in their 15 year history during the 2004–05 AHL season.
On August 13, 2007, Moro announced his retirement.
Moro now works as an analyst during Maple Leaf games on Leafs TV.

</doc>
<doc id="2913244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913244" title="Tenpo famine">
Tenpo famine

The Tenpo famine (天保の飢饉, "Tenpo no kikin"), also known as the "Great Tenpo famine" (天保の大飢饉, "Tenpo no daikikin") was a famine which affected Japan during the Edo period. It is considered to have begun in 1833, and lasted until 1837. It was named after the Tenpō era (1830-1844), during the reign of Emperor Ninkō. The ruling "shogun" during the famine was Tokugawa Ienari. The famine was most severe in northern Honshū and was caused by flooding and cold weather. 
The famine was one of a series of calamities that shook the faith of the people in the ruling "bakufu". During the same period as the famine, there was also the Kōgo Fire of Edo (1834) and a 7.6 magnitude earthquake in the Sanriku region (1835). In 1837, the last year of the famine, there was a revolt in Osaka led by Ōshio Heihachirō, against corrupt officials who refused to help feed the impoverished residents of the city. Another revolt sprung up in Chōshū Domain. Also in 1837, the American merchant vessel "Morrison" appeared off the coast of Shikoku, and was driven away by coastal artillery. The sum of these incidents made the Tokugawa bakufu look weak and powerless, exposed the corruption of officials who profited while commoners suffered, and made it look as if perhaps the "shogun" had lost the Mandate of Heaven, a Confucian concept of the validity of a ruler.

</doc>
<doc id="2913250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913250" title="Bergheim, Haut-Rhin">
Bergheim, Haut-Rhin

Bergheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
It is a completely fortified town and has magnificent towers and walls. The entire population was wiped out by two wars and the plague in the 17th-18th centuries. To replace the population, thousands of people from other countries were invited to immigrate to Bergheim. The majority of people who immigrated at that times were Swiss, German, Hungarian, Austrian, or Romanian.
The city runs on tourism and the grape vines that surround the city and the region.

</doc>
<doc id="2913266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913266" title="B-2LM">
B-2LM

"B-2LM" () is a 130 mm two-gun naval artillery turret, based on the "B-13" ("Б-13") gun. Production started in 1939. "B-2LM" was established on several Soviet ships, including the destroyer leader Tashkent. However, it had a relatively low rate of fire and had a maximum elevation of 45 degrees making it incapable of anti-aircraft fire.

</doc>
<doc id="2913271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913271" title="Valerie Adams">
Valerie Adams

Valerie Kasanita Adams (formerly known as Valerie Vili), ONZM (born 6 October 1984) is a shot putter from New Zealand. She is a four-time World champion, three time World Indoor champion and two-time Olympic and Commonwealth champion. She currently holds the New Zealand, Oceanian, Commonwealth and equal World Championship records with a personal best throw of 21.24 metres.
Adams is one of only nine athletes (along with Usain Bolt, Veronica Campbell-Brown, Jacques Freitag, Yelena Isinbayeva, Kirani James, Jana Pittman, Dani Samuels, and David Storl) to win world championships at the youth, junior, and senior level of an athletic event. She is the first woman to win four consecutive individual titles at the world track and field championships. 
Career.
In 1998 Adams met former javelin thrower Kirsten Hellier, who would become her coach for the next 11 years. 
Adams first came to prominence when winning the World Youth Championships in 2001, with a throw of 16.87 m. She followed this up in 2002 by becoming World Junior champion, throwing 17.73 m, and had her first taste of senior success winning a silver medal at the Commonwealth Games with 17.45 m.
She finished fifth at the 2003 World Championships at eighteen years of age. At her first Olympics in 2004, Adams finished eighth, while still recovering from an appendectomy she had just weeks before the competition. 
The following year, Adams earned a place in the international elite, winning the bronze medal at the World Championships with a personal best throw of 19.87 m, The winner was Nadzeya Ostapchuk, but in 2013 the IAAF revealed that Ostapchuk's drug test sample from that event had been retested and found to be positive. Adams originally finished second at the World Athletics Final in 2005, but was promoted to gold after Ostapchuk's results were annulled. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games the 1.93 m-tall athlete won the gold medal, breaking the 20-year-old Commonwealth Games record of 19.00 m with a throw of 19.66 m.
In 2007, Adams went to the Osaka World Championships as a favourite to take a medal due to her being one of only three women to throw over 20 m before the championships. In qualifying, Adams led the field with a throw of 19.45 m. Adams held second place behind Nadzeya Ostapchuk throughout the final, but responded well in the last round with a mammoth throw and Commonwealth record of 20.54 m to take the gold. This made Adams one of few female athletes ever to take IAAF World Titles at youth, junior and senior level.
In 2008 Adams broke the Oceania record in winning her first World Indoor Title in Valencia (20.19 m). At the Beijing Olympics, she qualified for the final with the longest distance thrown, 19.73 meters, on her first attempt. She won the gold with a throw of 20.56 m, a personal best, beating Belarussian thrower Natallia Mikhnevich. It is the first Olympic gold medal in track and field for New Zealand since John Walker won the 1,500 meter race in 1976. She also won the New Zealand Sports Award of the year in 2008.
At the 2009 Grande Prêmio Rio in Brazil Adams won the competition with a new personal best and Oceanian area record of 20.69 m. The throw was also the world leading distance for the event. In August, Adams won at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in Berlin with a throw of 20.44 meters, ahead of the German Nadine Kleinert and Lijiao Gong of China.
At the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships she was defeated by Nadzeya Ostapchuk by a large margin, in spite of the New Zealander setting a continental record of 20.49 m. Adams announced on 28 March 2010 that she would no longer be coached by Kirsten Hellier after an 11 year partnership. In April 2010 she announced her new coach was Didier Poppe. She was consistently beaten by Nadzeya Ostapchuk in the big meetings that season. She set a meeting record and season's best of 20.37 m at the Athletics Bridge meet in Slovakia, later saying that a change in her technique that April had begun to pay dividends. Later that season she won at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup with a season's best mark of 20.85 m and also competed at the Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, where she set a Games record mark of 20.47 m to retain her title. In late 2010 Jean-Pierre Egger took over as her coach from Poppe.
Adams won the 2011 World Championships equalling the championship record 21.24 met by Natalya Lisovskaya in 1987. At the 2012 World Indoor Championships Adams won the competition with a throw of 20.54 m, a new indoors personal best.
Adams originally won the silver medal at the 2012 London Olympics but was promoted to the gold medal after the initial Olympic champion, Nadzeya Ostapchuk, failed two drug tests, one a day before the event and the second on the day of the event. The Belarusian tested positive for metenolone which is classified as an anabolic agent on the list of banned substances. Adams later recounted how she initially believed Chef de Mission Dave Currie was "telling fibs" upon being told the news. She received the gold medal from the New Zealand Governor-General, Sir Jerry Mateparae, at a special ceremony in Auckland on 19 September 2012.
Adams won her fourth world championship gold at the 2013 World Championships games in Moscow in August 2013. Her fourth gold medal surpassed Astrid Kumbernuss for most all time by a female shotputter. On 27 September Adams underwent surgery on her left ankle and right knee, and in March 2014 won her third world indoor championship at Sopot in Poland with a distance of 20.67 m.
Personal life.
Adams was born in Rotorua, New Zealand, to a Tongan mother (Lilika Ngauamo) and an English father (Sydney "Sid" Adams). Her father, who settled in New Zealand after service in the Royal Navy, had a total of 18 children with five women. Adams' youngest sibling is NBA basketballer Steven Adams, and two other brothers also played professional basketball in New Zealand.
Adams was married to Bertrand Vili, a discus thrower from New Caledonia, but divorced him early in 2010. She is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Adams' training base is in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="2913280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913280" title="Brazilian Terrier">
Brazilian Terrier

The Brazilian Terrier, commonly called Fox Paulistinha, is a breed of dog developed in Brazil. It is one of several terriers probably descended from the combining of the Fox Terrier with other small breeds.
Description.
Origin.
The Brazilian Terrier is one of the two native breeds of Brazil. Jack Russell Terriers were brought to Brazil from Europe in the 1800s and served as the nearest ancestor of the Brazilian Terrier.
Breeds such as Miniature Pinschers and large Chihuahuas were also crossed with J.R. Terriers to develop this dog. It is said that this kind of breed is rarely found outside Brazil.
Appearance.
This terrier stands between 14-16 in (35.5-40.5 cm) at the withers. Its coat is always tri-color (white and tan with black). A docked tail, narrow chest, flat triangular skull and a well balanced body are the most common characteristics.
Temperament.
The temperament of this breed is very similar to a Jack Russell Terrier, very alert, perky, intelligent and alert. Very friendly, loves to play and dig holes. Spirited and obedient but fearless, as watchdogs they will only bark to get your attention and then leave the rest up to you.
This breed needs a firm, consistent and confident pack leader, otherwise, they will become willful and determined. Their hunting instinct is the strongest among average terriers and should not be trusted with other small animals.
Living conditions, exercise, and grooming.
Small apartments or spaces are not good for this type of dog, because they are very active, an average size yard is highly recommended.
It also needs both, physical and mental activities to be happy, a common tendency is becoming destructive and restless if kept indoor, long daily walks is the best option.

</doc>
<doc id="2913292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913292" title="Leptotes (orchid)">
Leptotes (orchid)

Leptotes, abbreviated Lpt in horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids formed by nine small species that grow in the dry jungles of south and southeast Brazil, and also in Paraguay or Argentina. They are small epiphytic plants of caespitous growth that sometimes resemble little "Brassavola", as they share the same type of thin terete leaves, though they are more closely related to "Loefgrenianthus".
Some species of "Leptotes" are widely cultivated and form showy displays when completely in bloom although they are not among the easiest to grow. The majority of the species are not cultivated and some are so rare to be almost unknown; five of the nine species have been described since 2000. Besides being cultivated for their ornamental value, there are records of the flowers and fruits of "Leptotes bicolor" being used as a substitute for vanilla in milk, ice cream, tea and candies.
Distribution.
The species of "Leptotes" were originally discovered in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil and are always seen living epiphytically. Two species have since been found in other countries, "L. unicolor" in Argentina, and "L. bicolor" in Paraguay. Three species show a high degree of endemism in the south of Bahia State. The states of southeastern Brazil can be considered the center of its distribution since they host the highest number of species and the "Leptotes" are most abundant there, however, the range is from the Serra da Jibóia chain of mountains, in Bahia, to the North of Rio Grande do Sul state.
The species in the group that are characterized by wide open flowers, such as "Leptotes tenuis" and "L. pauloensis", are more frequently found in montane cloud forests. "L. bicolor" has the broadest range and can survive in both the cloud forests and the dryer woods on the plateaus of the Serra do Mar chain of mountains. "Leptotes unicolor" grows optimally in cooler areas, above 700 meters of altitude, and is frequently found growing on "Araucaria" and "Podocarpus" trees in the southern areas of Brazil.
Description.
Species assigned to the genus "Leptotes" have a short cylindrical rhizome. They have small pseudobulbs that almost imperceptibly prolongate in one, rarely two, terete fleshy leaves. They have variable characteristics and can be short or long, erect or hanging, dark green or purple, and often have a wrinkly surface and a deeper ridge in the face. The inflorescence is apical, generally short, and grows from the apex of the pseudobulb without a protecting spathe and bears up to seven flowers, although fewer are more common. The flowers are relatively large when compared to the overall plant dimensions, normally partially bent and in some species forming groups with a very showy aspect. They are fragrant and this perfume can last from ten to twenty days. 
The appearance of the petals and sepals is similar, both are elongated although the petals are slightly more narrow. Flower colors are generally greenish, white or variable shades of pink and the labellum (a special petal attractive to pollinators) can be spotted in pale yellow, light purple or lilac. The labellum is located along the column and trilobed (three lobes). The lateral lobes are small and raised beside the column, although never involving it. The intermediate lobe is much bigger and quite variable between species. They can have either lanceolate or obovate shape, occasionally be fleshy, flat or bending backwards; in some species they have denticulated edges but are smooth in others. Rarely, calli are present, with claws holding them attached to the sides of the column. The column is short, thick and erect, normally greenish, biauriculated, and bears six pollinia of different sizes, two larger in the center and four smaller in two pairs held by a short caudicle in an arrangement that is unique among orchids. Their fruits are rounded, succulent and have a perfume reminiscent of "vanilla".
The agent for the pollination of "Leptotes" has never been observed. Cássio van den Berg postulates, judging from the colors and morphology of the flowers, that bees are the primary agent, while other orchidologists suspect pollination by hummingbirds is more important.
As the roots of "Leptotes" rot easily with excessive humidity, the best results for their culture are achieved when they are mounted on plaques of vegetal fiber or tree cork. Watering and fertilizer must be more frequent during active growth periods and less during dormant periods. Ideal growth conditions require an intermediate temperature and exposure to filtered sunlight.
Taxonomic notes.
In April 1833, an unknown species from the Serra dos Órgãos mountains of Brazil blossomed in the greenhouse of Mrs. Arnold Harrison, an English collector of orchids homaged in diverse descriptions of noted species such as "Bifrenaria harrisoniae" and "Cattleya harrisoniana". A short time later, Mrs. Harrison sent a drawing and cutting of this plant to the botanist John Lindley, who verified it to be not only a new species but a new genus. In its description, dated the same year, Lindley suggests the name of "Leptotes", from the Greek λεπτότητα for "mild", "delicate", in reference to the appearance of the plant's flowers. He affirmed that "Leptotes" was similar to "Tetramicra", from which it is distinguished by the structures of the pollinarium and by the smaller lateral lobes of the lip petal; and because they have no calcar attached to the ovarium. He also differentiated it from "Brassavola" by the pollinia and trilobed lip. Lindley then described its type-species, "Leptotes bicolor".
In 1838, Lindley received two similar but distinct plants, collected in Macaé de Cima and Ilha Grande, in Rio de Janeiro. He considered them different from the previously described species, because the lateral lobes of the lip were slightly serrated, their flowers were bigger and they occasionally had a second leaf by the pseudobulb; he proposed a new species with the name of "Leptotes serrulata". Five years later, the German Count Johann Centurius von Hoffmannsegg noticed that one plant he cultivated had a different green-bluish tone to its leaves and he described the plant calling it "L. glaucophylla". When reviewing all the known species of "Leptotes" at the time, in 1990, Carl Withner revisited the drawings published by Lindley and identified additional differences between "L. bicolor" and "L. serrulata", describing how the latter always bears more flowers, with up to seven per inflorescence, which is also much longer. Today it is accepted, however, that both descriptions are variations of "L. bicolor" that coexist due to its wide dispersion and multiplicity of populations.
In 1865, Heinrich Gustav Reichenbach received, from an unknown locality in Brazil, the second described species to be accepted today. The plant was quite different from "Leptotes bicolor", because of its fewer and smaller rounded flowers, with wide open pale yellowish segments and he published it as "L. tenuis". Twelve years later, the third species, "Leptotes unicolor", was described by Brazilian botanist João Barbosa Rodrigues. His account described a highly fragrant little species of orchid and he found some colonies with hundreds of plants living epiphytically along the banks of the Dourado and Sapucai rivers, nearby the city of Alfenas, in Minas Gerais. In 1881, Barbosa Rodrigues found another species, this one with longer leaves and slight differences in floral structure, and named it as "L. paranaensis" after Paraná State where he first found the plant, although today the location near Joinville is located in Santa Catarina. Today this species is considered to be just a variation of "L. unicolor", the species he had described four years earlier.
Robert Allen Rolfe received from Brazil, also without information of locality, a plant similar to the "Leptotes tenuis" species described by Reichenbach over 20 years earlier. Rolfe described it as "L. minuta" and noted it had much thicker and shorter leaves. This new species was included in Célestin Alfred Cogniaux's revision of Brazilian orchid species, published 1903, but in doing so he was unaware of the variability within the "Leptotes" species. At the time Cogniaux published his book he had not had the opportunity to check the types of all the other species then described, therefore, he accepted most of them with this remark. In retrospect, it is now more clear that the variation in leaves was due to both the isolation of various populations and because of the different growth conditions in each habitat, and today "L. minuta" is known as a variation of "L. tenuis".
While living in Brazil, the Danish Botanist Johan Albert Constantin Löfgren received an Orchid from Itatiaia, Rio de Janeiro, with flowers reminiscent of the "Leptotes", although its lip petal formed a pouch. He described it as "Leptotes blanche-amesiae", also noting it had a pending habit and thin flat leaves. Later work on the genus by Frederico Carlos Hoehne led him to conclude that this species, despite being closely related to the "Leptotes", would be better placed in another genus. He proposed the genus "Loefgrenianthus", in hommage to Loefgren. In 1934, Hoehne also described a new species, "Leptotes pauloensis", naming it so because it was found in São Paulo State. This species is closely related to "Leptotes tenuis" but its flowers have different colors. For decades taxonomists were divided on whether this should be considered a new species, partly due to the fact it was so rare, indeed, Guido Pabst considered it a synonym of "L. tenuis". Recently many new colonies have been discovered and Withner now proposes that "L. pauloensis" should be accepted as a separate species.
Consequently, as of 2004, four species of "Leptotes" were known, three sufficiently different that they can be regarded as well established species, "L. bicolor", "L. unicolor" and "L. tenuis", and one, "L. pauloensis", that is becoming more frequently accepted by taxonomists.
A recent explosion of descriptions has more than doubled the size of this genus, however, the history of these discoveries starts much earlier. In 1954, one of the associates of Círculo Paulista de Orquidófilos, an orchid society in São Paulo, presented a lecture where he talked informally about the innumerable varieties of "Leptotes" that he had collected throughout the years. This lecture was printed and distributed in the bulletin of the association. In 2004, Eric Christenson identified at least two of the several varieties mentioned in the lecture to be existing in collections throughout the United States and decided to describe them formally as independent species. One of these plants, "Leptotes harryphillipsii", is very similar to "L. pauloensis" already a problematic species by itself. The other one, "L. mogyensis", is unknown to Brazilian scholars and collectors. The sole example is the plant Christenson found in the US, supposedly originated from Mogi das Cruzes, a city nearby São Paulo.
Two other new species described in 2004 belong to the affinity of "Leptotes bicolor" and were both found by the same surveyor in the region of Buerarema, south of Bahia. "Leptotes bohnkiana", named after its finder, can be differentiated because it has a significantly smaller stature, the other, "L. pohlitinocoi", mostly by color.
Finally, in 2006 Sidney Marçal de Oliveira discovered the last species to be described, also from Bahia, although an inhabitant of Chapada Diamantina too. This new species, "Leptotes vellozicola", is quite distinct from the other species.
According to Cássio van den Berg et al., who studied their phylogeny, "Leptotes" is very closely related to "Loefgrenianthus" and both situated between "Pseudolaelia" and the genus which once used to be classified as "Schomburgkia", by some now considered part of "Laelia".
Species.
The three main characteristics that differentiate between the species of "Leptotes" are the general proportions of the leaves, the shape of the flowers, and the way the flowers open. From these, the species can be classified into two main groups.
One group is formed by the four species with flowers of elongated segments, which generally are not widely open. These species present malleable inflorescences that leave the flowers slightly or very overthrown, frequently facing down. Almost all the species of this group have long leaves, of comparatively lighter tones, generally with smooth surfaces, that are longer than the inflorescences.
The other group is formed by five smaller species that have more rounded flowers with petals and sepals that are wide open and flatter. The leaves are shorter wrinkly leaves, generally very dark green or purple colored. The species of this group often have only one or two flowers on each inflorescence. Four of them are very similar and sometimes difficult to distinguish.

</doc>
<doc id="2913296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913296" title="Conway Berners-Lee">
Conway Berners-Lee

Conway Berners-Lee (born 10 September 1921) is a British mathematician and computer scientist who worked in the team that developed the Ferranti Mark 1, the world's first commercial stored program electronic computer. He was born in Birmingham in 1921 and is the father of Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the World Wide Web.
Career.
Early in World War II Berners-Lee volunteered for the armed services, but was re-directed to university because the government needed people trained in mathematics and electronics. He attended Trinity College, Cambridge in 1940 and read parts I and II of the mathematical tripos as a compressed two-year course. In addition, he attended a series of lectures in electronics. After university he had further training in electronic engineering and soon joined the army in the Corps of Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME). He worked on Gun Laying and Searchlight Radar in England.
After the end of hostilities, Berners-Lee was posted to Egypt where he encountered Maurice Kendall's book "The Advanced Theory of Statistics" which greatly impressed him. He then had a chance to join the statistics bureau in the GHQ in Cairo, known as the Number 1 Statistics Unit of the Royal Army Ordnance Corps. He was employed to close down a very large punched card installation involving about five million 65-column punched cards covering all types of vehicle and spares. This meant that they had to say goodbye to 30 women who had been punching the cards. The last job was sorting and listing the 250,000 personnel cards to get all the service people onto ships for home. There was a race with the clerks doing this job by hand—and the clerks won over the machines.
Berners-Lee was demobilised in 1947 with the rank of Major. He then worked on a punched card data processing system for the Plastics Division of Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI). He met his wife Mary Lee Woods at the Ferranti Christmas party in Manchester in 1952. She had been working as a programmer on the Ferranti Mark 1 and Mark 1 Star computers at the School of Computer Science, University of Manchester since 1951. He joined Ferranti in 1953 working at Ferranti's London Computer Centre. They were married on 10 July 1954 at St Saviour's Church, Hampstead.
The following is an extract from Dominic Wilson's book "Organizational Marketing".
In the 1950s it was not clear how computers could usefully be employed away from the field of mathematics. As well as Statistics, Berners-Lee had acquired a knowledge of Operations Research (OR), and he showed himself to be good at devising worthwhile computer applications. He directed the development of routines for the basic data processing techniques of sorting and updating files. In 1956 he devised an application for planning the production of items from a variety of components, for example animal feed products. In 1957 he published an article on machine loading. A report that he produced in 1964 listed 31 Ferranti projects that used OR techniques in a wide variety of businesses.
The business computing division of Ferranti was merged with International Computers and Tabulators (ICT) in 1963, and ICT was in turn merged with English Electric Leo Marconi (EELM) computers in 1968 to form International Computers Limited (ICL). 
In 1960 Berners-Lee had evolved a technique for editing text—including hyphenation—for metal typesetting of printed material. As space in memory and backing store was a scarce and valuable resource in those days, he had also devised a procedure for compressing text which in 1963 he sent to Bob Bemer at Univac.
In the late 1960s Berners-Lee led the Medical Development Team of ICT and then ICL. He was involved in some of the earliest developments in the applications of computers in medicine, and his text compression ideas were taken up by an early electronic patient record system.
Berners-Lee spent the 1970s developing and using a queuing network model for ICL's 'New Range' of computers (later the ICL 2900 Series) with Dr John Pinkerton who was responsible for optimising the price/performance of the new systems. It was known as FAST – standing for Football Analogy for System Throughput. The work done by each ‘player’ was derived from a system monitor file containing data for device and concurrency counts. He received much encouragement when Hughes and Moe at Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Trondheim, predicted the effect of increasing the memory on their Univac Installation. The model could also be used to predict throughput on a minute to minute basis – peaks being believed to be due to instability in the operating system. He retired in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="2913299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913299" title="Rolland H. Spaulding">
Rolland H. Spaulding

Rolland Harty Spaulding (March 15, 1873 – March 14, 1942) was an American manufacturer and Republican politician. He was elected Governor of New Hampshire in 1914, where he served one term.
Early life and education.
Rolland Harty Spaulding was the third son of Jonas Spaulding. He was born in 1873 in Townsend Harbor, Massachusetts, where his father and uncle had a fiberboard mill. His father founded a mill at Rochester, New Hampshire and moved his family there. The young Spaulding was educated at Phillips Academy, (class of 1893).
Career.
With his two older brothers, Rolland Spaulding joined their father in the family business, renamed J. Spaulding and Sons, which ran mills to produce leatherboard (typically produced by pulping and compressing scrap leather and wood pulp). In addition to mills in Massachusetts and New Hampshire, that his father had founded, Rolland and his brothers Leon C. and Huntley N. Spaulding, built one in Tonawanda, New York, which became the largest. 
Rolland Spaulding became a prominent businessman, working with his father and brothers in the family industry. Their family-owned company manufactured fiberboard, later adding a type of resin laminate named Spauldite (to compete with Bakelite) and fiberglass tubing to their product lines. 
Spaulding became active in Republican Party state politics. He was elected Governor in 1914, but declined to run for a second term. 
Like his brothers and sister Marion, Rolland became a philanthropist. He died the day before his 69th birthday, in Rochester, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2913306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913306" title="Mary Lee Woods">
Mary Lee Woods

Mary Lee Woods, now Mrs C M Berners-Lee (born 12 March 1924) is a British mathematician and computer programmer who worked in a team that developed programs in the School of Computer Science, University of Manchester Mark 1, Ferranti Mark 1 and Mark 1 Star computers. She is married to Conway Berners-Lee, also in the team. Their eldest son, Sir Tim Berners-Lee, invented the World Wide Web.
From 1942-1944, she took a wartime compressed two-year degree course in mathematics at the University of Birmingham. She then worked for the Telecommunications Research Establishment at Malvern until 1946 when she returned to take the third year of her degree. She worked at the Mount Stromlo Observatory in Canberra, Australia from 1947 to 1951 when she joined Ferranti in Manchester as a computer programmer.
The programming group was led by John Bennett. Members of this team found it useful to commit to memory the following sequence of characters which represented the numbers 0 to 31 in the International Telegraph Alphabet No. 1 (Baudot) 5-bit binary code of the paper tape that was used for input and output. 
Mrs Berners-Lee worked on both the Ferranti Mark 1 and the Ferranti Mark 1* computers. Programming in those days was very different from the situation today. Programs were written in machine code, using the basic binary digits (bits) with which all machines operate. Every bit had to be right; there was plenty of room for error, but there was opportunity to be cunning too. She found it to be great fun. The machines used serial 40-bit arithmetic (with a double length accumulator). This meant that there were considerable difficulties in scaling the variables in the program to maintain adequate arithmetic precision.
Another of the difficulties of programming related to the two-level store of the machines. There were eight pages of Williams cathode ray tube (CRT) random-access memory as fast primary store, and 512 pages of secondary store on a magnetic drum. Each page consisted of 32 40-bit words which appeared as 64 20-bit lines on the CRTs. The programmer had to control all transfers between electronic and magnetic storage, and the transfers were slow and had to be reduced to a minimum. For programs dealing with large chunks of data, such as matrices, partitioning into page-sized chunks could be troublesome.
The Mark 1 machine worked in integer arithmetic and, because of their background in radar, the engineers had built the machine to display the lines on the CRTs with the most significant bit on the right. This could be argued as logically sensible, but was changed for the more conventional system for the Mark 1*, which also worked in fractions, not integers. Also, the Baudot teleprinter code was abandoned for one that was in the following order. 
Program errors were difficult to find and programmers were tempted to sit at the machine control desk watching the machine perform one instruction at a time to watch where it did the unintended thing. But machine time became more and more valuable. John Bennett suggested to Mrs Berners-Lee that she write a diagnostic program to print out the contents of the accumulator and particular store lines at specific points in the program so that diagnosis could take place away from the machine. The challenge of her routine 'Stopandprint' was that it had to monitor the program under diagnosis without interfering with it, and there was very little space in the fast store. With J M Bennett and D. G. Prinz, she was involved in writing interpretive subroutines that were used by the Ferranti group.
Program errors were one problem; machine errors were another. The computer frequently misread the binary digits. The engineers thought the mathematicians could compensate for this by programming arithmetic checks and the mathematicians would too readily assume that a wrong functioning was due to the machine when in fact it was due to a program error. There was inevitable friction between the mathematicians and the engineers. At the centre of this was a program that Mary Lee had written for inverting a matrix to solve 40 simultaneous equations—a large number for those days. The long rows of data took too long for the machine to process without an error. On one occasion she took a dispute to Tom Kilburn, who was second only to Professor Freddy Williams on the engineering side. Tom Kilburn was polite but did not argue and she felt he was ignoring her complaint, but 50 years later when she asked him about this, he said that he had not argued "because I knew you were right".
All this was in the early 1950s when the programmers were about equal numbers of men and women. The women had to fight for equal pay. They also had to fight for the right to work on the computer at night, machine time being so precious that it was often the only time available.
After a period devoted to bringing up her children, she became a schoolteacher of mathematics and then a programmer using Basic, Fortran and other languages before retiring in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2913308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913308" title="Namcha Barwa">
Namcha Barwa

Namcha Barwa or Namchabarwa (; Chinese: 南迦巴瓦峰, Pinyin: "Nánjiābāwǎ Fēng") is a mountain in the Tibetan Himalaya. The traditional definition of the Himalaya extending from the Indus River to the Brahmaputra would make it the eastern anchor of the entire mountain chain, and it is the highest peak of its own section as well as Earth's easternmost peak over 7,600 metres.
Location.
Namcha Barwa is in an isolated part of southeastern Tibet rarely visited by outsiders. It stands inside the "Great Bend" of the Yarlung Tsangpo River as the river enters its notable gorge across the Himalaya, emerging as the "Dihang" and becoming the Brahmaputra. Namcha Barwa's sister peak "Gyala Peri" 7,294 metres rises across the gorge 22 km to the NNW.
Notable features.
Namcha rises 5,000 to 6,800 metres above the Yarlung Tsangpo. After 7,795 metre "Batura Sar" in the Karakoram was climbed in 1976, Namcha Barwa became the highest unclimbed independent mountain in the world, until it was finally climbed in 1992.
Frank Kingdon-Ward described in the 1920s, "a quaint prophecy among the Kongbo Tibetans that Namche Barwa will one day fall into the Tsangpo gorge and block the river, which will then turn aside and flow over the Doshong La This is recorded in a book by some fabulous person whose image may be seen in the little gompa [monastery at Payi, in Pome. " (126-7)
Climbing history.
Namcha Barwa was located in 1912 by British surveyors but the area remained virtually unvisited until Chinese alpinists began attempting the peak in the 1980s. Although they scouted multiple routes, they did not reach the summit. In 1990 a Japanese-Chinese expedition reconnoitered the peak. Another joint expedition reached 7460m in 1991 but lost member Hiroshi Onishi in an avalanche. The next year a third Japanese-Chinese expedition established six camps on the South Ridge over intermediate Nai Peng (7,043m) reaching the summit October 30.
Eleven climbers climbed to the summit.
U.K. Alpine Club's Himalayan Index lists no further ascents.

</doc>
<doc id="2913310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913310" title="Neocogniauxia">
Neocogniauxia

Neocogniauxia is a genus of orchids, (family Orchidaceae), consisting of two species in the Greater Antilles.
"Neocogniauxia hexaptera" (Cogn.) Schltr. is endemic to Hispaniola and "Neocogniauxia monophylla" (Griseb.) Schltr. to Jamaica
The genus is named for botanist Alfred Cogniaux.

</doc>
<doc id="2913315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913315" title="Global Atmosphere Watch">
Global Atmosphere Watch

The Global Atmosphere Watch (GAW) is a worldwide system established by the World Meteorological Organizationa United Nations agencyto monitor trends in the Earth's atmosphere. It arose out of concerns for the state of the atmosphere in the 1960s.
Mission.
The Global Atmosphere Watch's mission is quite straightforward, consisting of three concise points:
Goals.
The GAW program is guided by 8 strategic goals:
Moreover, the programme seeks not only to understand changes in the Earth's atmosphere, but also to forecast them, and perhaps control the human activities that cause them.
Genesis.
The original reason for testing the atmosphere for trace chemicals was mere scientific interest, but of course, many scientists eventually wondered what effects these trace chemicals could have on the atmosphere, and on life.
The GAW's genesis began as far back as the 1950s when the World Meteorological Organization began a programme of monitoring the atmosphere for trace chemicals, and also researching air pollution from a meteorological point of view. They were also responsible for monitoring ozone, establishing the Global Ozone Observing System (GO3OS) in 1957, in the International Geophysical Year.
In 1968, the United Nations called for an international conference to address world environmental problems caused by rapid industrialization. At about this time, the World Meteorological Organization set up another environmental research body, the Background Air Pollution Monitoring Network. The conference was held in Stockholm in 1972, and addressed several environmental concerns, namely:
Indeed, it was the World Meteorological Organization's readings and observations that figured prominently at this conference. They had little good news to offer.
The GAW itself was eventually created in 1989 by combining the GO3OS and the Background Air Pollution Monitoring Network. The GAW consists of a worldwide system of observing stations and supporting facilities providing data for atmospheric assessments, and also serving as an early warning system for chemical or physical changes in the Earth's atmosphere which could be cause for environmental concern. Such changes might involve a change in ozone, and therefore ultraviolet, levels, levels of greenhouse gases, or precipitation chemistry, the culprit in the world's acid rain woes.
Organization.
The GAW consists of a coördinated system of various components, prominent among which are:
Measurement stations.
More than 65 countries currently host and operate the GAW's global or regional measurement stations. There are also "contributing stations" that furnish additional data. Lately, satellite programmes have also become important to the GAW, providing atmospheric data that complement ground measurements.
Calibration and data quality centres.
These have the job of ensuring that all data produced by the system measure up to international standards. This is achieved by assuring a rigorous adherence to standards established by scientific advisory groups and a strict enforcement of world calibration standards. A number of programmes such as education, workshops, calibration station visits and so on are provided within the GAW programme to enhance the performance of the human component of the GAW. This has become particularly important in recent years as quite a number of stations are now operating in developing countries where further education is often a luxury enjoyed only by a small élite.
Data centres.
The Global Atmosphere Watch currently has six World Data Centres, each administered by its host nation, and each responsible for gathering and storing atmospheric data from measurement stations worldwide, and making it freely available to scientists in a number of different forms.
The six data centres are:
External scientific groups.
Scientific Advisory Groups (SAGs) have the job of managing and implementing the GAW programme. This includes establishing data quality objectives and standard operating procedures, and also providing guidelines and recommendations for achieving these things. Measurement methods and procedures also fall within the SAGs' domain. They are also charged with promoting twinning and training in developing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2913317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913317" title="Community-acquired pneumonia">
Community-acquired pneumonia

Community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) is pneumonia (any of several lung diseases) acquired infectiously from normal social contact (that is, in the community) as opposed to being acquired during hospitalization (hospital-acquired pneumonia). In community-acquired pneumonia, individuals who have not recently been hospitalized develop an infection of the lungs (pneumonia). CAP is a common illness and can affect people of all ages. CAP often causes problems such as difficulty breathing, fever, chest pains, and a cough. CAP occurs because the areas of the lung that absorb oxygen (alveoli) from the atmosphere become filled with fluid and cannot work effectively.
CAP occurs throughout the world and is a leading cause of illness and death. Causes of CAP include bacteria, viruses, fungi, and parasites. CAP can be diagnosed by symptoms and physical examination alone, though x-rays, examination of the sputum, and other tests are often used. Individuals with CAP sometimes require hospitalization. CAP is primarily treated with antibiotics. Some forms of CAP can be prevented by vaccination.
Signs and symptoms.
Symptoms of CAP commonly include:
Less common symptoms include:
The manifestations of pneumonia, like those for many conditions, might not be typical in older people. They might instead experience:
Additional symptoms for infants could include:
Cause.
Over a hundred microorganisms can cause CAP. The most common microorganism types differ among different groups of people. Newborn infants, children, and adults are at risk for different spectrums of disease causing microorganisms. In addition, adults with chronic illnesses, who live in certain parts of the world, who reside in nursing homes, who have recently been treated with antibiotics, or who are alcoholics are at risk for unique infections. Even when aggressive measures are taken, a definite cause for pneumonia is only identified in half the cases.
Infants.
Newborn infants can acquire lung infections prior to being born either by breathing infected amniotic fluid or by blood-borne infection across the placenta. Infants can also inhale (aspirate) fluid from the birth canal as they are being born. The most important infection in newborns is caused by "Streptococcus agalactiae", also known as Group B Streptococcus or GBS. GBS causes >50% of cases of CAP in the first week of life. Other bacterial causes in the newborn period include "Listeria monocytogenes" and tuberculosis. Viruses can also be transferred from mother to child; herpes simplex virus is the most common and life-threatening, but adenovirus, mumps, and enterovirus can also cause disease.
CAP in older infants reflects increased exposure to microorganisms. Common bacterial causes include "Streptococcus pneumoniae", "Escherichia coli", "Klebsiella pneumoniae", "Moraxella catarrhalis", and "Staphylococcus aureus". A unique cause of CAP in this group is "Chlamydia trachomatis", which is acquired during birth but does not cause pneumonia until two to four weeks later. Classically it presents with no fever and a characteristic staccato cough. Maternally-derived syphilis can be a cause of CAP in this age group. Common viruses include respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), metapneumovirus, adenovirus, parainfluenza, influenza, and rhinovirus. RSV in particular is a common source of illness and hospitalization. Fungi and parasites are not typically encountered in otherwise healthy infants.
Children.
For the most part, children older than one month of life are at risk for the same microorganisms as adults. However, children less than five years are much less likely to have pneumonia caused by "Mycoplasma pneumoniae", "Chlamydophila pneumoniae", or "Legionella pneumophila". In contrast, older children and teenagers are more likely to acquire "Mycoplasma pneumoniae" and "Chlamydophila pneumoniae" than adults.
Adults.
The full spectrum of microorganisms is responsible for CAP in adults. Several important groups of organisms are more common among people with certain risk factors. Identifying people at risk for these organisms is important for appropriate treatment.
Many less common organisms cause CAP. They are typically identified because an individual has special risk factors or after treatment for the common causes has failed. These rarer causes are covered in more detail in their specific pages: bacterial pneumonia, viral pneumonia, fungal pneumonia, and parasitic pneumonia.
Risk factors.
Some people have an underlying problem that increases their risk of infection. Some important situations are covered below:
When part of the airway (bronchi) that leads to the alveoli is obstructed, the lung can't clear fluid when it accumulates. This can lead to infection of the fluid, resulting in CAP. One cause of obstruction, especially in young children, is inhalation of a foreign object, such as a marble or toy. The object lodges in the small airways, and pneumonia forms in the obstructed areas of lung. Another cause of obstruction is lung cancer, which can grow into the airways, blocking the flow of air.
People with underlying lung disease are more likely to develop CAP. Diseases such as emphysema or habits such as smoking result in more frequent and more severe bouts of CAP. In children, recurrent episodes of CAP may be the first clue to diseases such as cystic fibrosis or pulmonary sequestration.
People who have immune system problems are more likely to get CAP. People who have AIDS are much more likely to develop CAP. Other immune problems range from severe immune deficiencies of childhood such as Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome to less severe deficiencies such as common variable immunodeficiency.
Pathophysiology.
The symptoms of CAP are the result of both the invasion of the lungs by microorganisms and the immune system's response to the infection. The mechanisms of infection are quite different for viruses and the other microorganisms.
Diagnosis.
Individuals with symptoms of CAP require further evaluation. Physical examination by a health provider may reveal fever, an increased respiratory rate (tachypnea), low blood pressure (hypotension), a fast heart rate (tachycardia), and/or changes in the amount of oxygen in the blood. Feeling the way the chest expands (palpation) and tapping the chest wall (percussion) to identify dull areas that do not resonate can identify lung areas that are stiff and full of fluid (consolidated). 
Listening to the lungs with a stethoscope (auscultation) can reveal several things. A lack of normal breath sounds, or the presence of crackling sounds (rales) can indicate consolidation. Increased vibration of the chest when speaking (tactile fremitus) and increased volume of whispered speech during auscultation of the chest can also reveal consolidation.
X-rays of the chest, examination of the blood and sputum for infectious microorganisms, and blood tests are commonly used to diagnose individuals with suspected CAP based upon symptoms and physical examination. The use of each test depends on the severity of illness, local practices, and the concern for any complications resulting from the infection.
All patients with CAP should have the amount of oxygen in their blood monitored with a machine called a pulse oximeter. This helps determine how well the lungs are able to work despite infection. In some cases, analysis of arterial blood gas may be required to accurately determine the amount of oxygen in the blood. Complete blood count (CBC), a blood test, may reveal extra white blood cells, indicating an infection. 
Chest x-rays and chest computed tomography (CT) can reveal areas of opacity (seen as white), which represent consolidation. A normal chest x-ray makes CAP less likely. However, sometimes CAP does not appear on x-rays—either because the disease is in its initial stages, or involves a part of the lung an x-ray does not easily see. In some cases, chest CT can reveal a CAP not present on chest x-ray. X-rays can often mislead, as many other diseases can mimic CAP—such as heart problems or other types of lung damage.
Several tests can be performed to identify the cause of an individual's CAP. Blood cultures can be drawn to isolate any bacteria or fungi in the blood stream. Sputum Gram's stain and culture can also reveal the causative microorganism. In more severe cases, a procedure wherein a flexible scope is passed through the mouth into the lungs (bronchoscopy) can be used to collect fluid for culture. Special tests can be performed if an uncommon microorganism is suspected (such as testing the urine for Legionella antigen when Legionnaires' disease is a concern).
Treatment.
CAP is treated by administering an antibiotic that kills the offending microorganism, and by managing any complications of the infection. If the causative microorganism is unidentified, the laboratory tests different antibiotics to identify which is most effective. Often, however, no microorganism is ever identified. Also, laboratory testing can take several days, which delays organism identification. 
In both cases, health professionals must consider a person's risk factors for different organisms when choosing the initial antibiotics (called empiric therapy). Additional consideration must be given to the setting in which the individual is treated. Most people are fully treated after taking oral pills, while others must be hospitalized for intravenous antibiotics and, possibly, intensive care. 
In general, all therapies in older children and adults include treatment for atypical bacteria. Typically this is a macrolide antibiotic such as azithromycin or clarithromycin although a fluoroquinolone such as levofloxacin can substitute. Doxycycline is now the antibiotic of choice in the UK for complete coverage of the atypical bacteria. This is due to increased levels of "Clostridium difficile "seen in hospital patients being linked to the increased use of clarithromycin.
Newborns.
Most newborn infants with CAP are hospitalized and given intravenous ampicillin and gentamicin for at least ten days. This treats the common bacteria "Streptococcus agalactiae", "Listeria monocytogenes", and "Escherichia coli". If herpes simplex virus is the cause, intravenous acyclovir is administered for 21 days.
Children.
Treatment of CAP in children depends on both the age of the child and the severity of his/her illness. Children less than five do not typically receive treatment to cover atypical bacteria. If a child does not need to be hospitalized, amoxicillin for seven days is a common treatment. However, with increasing prevalence of DRSP, other agents—such as cefpodoxime—will likely become more popular. Hospitalized children should receive intravenous ampicillin, ceftriaxone, or cefotaxime. According to a recent meta-analysis a three days course of antibiotics seems to be sufficient for most cases of mild to moderate CAP in children.
Adults.
In 2001, the American Thoracic Society—drawing on work by the British and Canadian Thoracic Societies—established guidelines for the management of adults with CAP that divided individuals with CAP into four categories, based on common organisms.
For mild to moderate community-acquired pneumonia shorter courses of antibiotics (3–7 days) seem to be sufficient according to a recent meta-analysis.
Hospitalize.
Some people with CAP require hospitalization and more intensive care than the majority. In general, a discussion between the individual and his or her health care provider determines the need for hospitalization. Clinical prediction rules, such as the pneumonia severity index and CURB-65 have been developed to help guide the decision. Factors that increase the need for hospitalization include:
X-ray findings that increase the need for hospitalization include:
Prognosis.
Individuals treated for CAP outside of the hospital have a mortality rate less than 1%. Fever typically responds in the first two days of therapy and other symptoms resolve in the first week. The x-ray, however, may remain abnormal for at least a month, even when CAP is successfully treated. Among individuals who require hospitalization, the mortality rate averages 12% overall, but is as much as 40% in people who have bloodstream infections or require intensive care. Factors that increase mortality are the same as those that increase the need for hospitalization, and are listed above.
When CAP does not respond as expected, there are several possible causes. A complication of CAP may have occurred or a previously unknown health problem may be playing a role. Both situations are covered in more detail below. Additional causes include inappropriate antibiotics for the causative organism (i.e. DRSP), a previously unsuspected microorganism (such as tuberculosis), or a condition that mimics CAP (such as Wegener's granulomatosis). Additional testing may be performed and may include additional radiologic imaging (such as a computed tomography scan) or a procedure such as a bronchoscopy or lung biopsy.
Complications.
Despite appropriate antibiotic therapy, severe complications can result from CAP, including:
Sepsis.
Sepsis can occur when microorganisms enter the blood stream and the immune system responds. Sepsis most often occurs with bacterial pneumonia; "Streptococcus pneumoniae" is the most common cause. Individuals with sepsis require hospitalization in an intensive care unit. They often require medications and intravenous fluids to keep their blood pressure from going too low. Sepsis can cause liver, kidney, and heart damage among other things.
Respiratory failure.
Because CAP affects the lungs, often individuals with CAP have difficulty breathing. If enough of the lung is involved, it may not be possible for a person to breathe enough to live without support. Non-invasive machines such as a bilevel positive airway pressure machine may be used. Otherwise, placement of a breathing tube into the mouth may be necessary and a ventilator may be used to help the person breathe.
Pleural effusion and empyema.
Occasionally, microorganisms from the lung cause fluid to form in the space surrounding the lung, called the pleural cavity. If the microorganisms themselves are present, the fluid collection is often called an empyema. If pleural fluid is present in a person with CAP, the fluid should be collected with a needle (thoracentesis) and examined. Depending on the result of the examination, complete drainage of the fluid may be necessary, often with a chest tube. If the fluid is not drained, bacteria can continue to cause illness because antibiotics do not penetrate well into the pleural cavity.
Abscess.
Rarely, microorganisms in the lung form a pocket of fluid and bacteria called an abscess. Abscesses can be seen on an x-ray as a cavity within the lung. Abscesses typically occur in aspiration pneumonia and most often contain a mixture of anaerobic bacteria. Usually antibiotics are able to fully treat abscesses, but sometimes they must be drained by a surgeon or radiologist.
Epidemiology.
CAP is a common illness in all parts of the world. It is a major cause of death among all age groups. In children, the majority of deaths occur in the newborn period, with over two million worldwide deaths a year. In fact, the WHO estimates that one in three newborn infant deaths are due to pneumonia. Mortality decreases with age until late adulthood; elderly individuals are particularly at risk for CAP and associated mortality.
More cases of CAP occur during winter months than during other times of the year. CAP occurs more commonly in males than females and in blacks than Caucasians. Individuals with underlying illnesses such as Alzheimer's disease, cystic fibrosis, emphysema, tobacco smoking, alcoholism, or immune system problems are at increased risk for pneumonia.
Prevention.
In addition to treating underlying illness that can increase a person's risk for CAP, several additional measures can help prevent CAP. Smoking cessation is important, not only for treatment of any underlying lung disease, but also because cigarette smoke interferes with many of the body's natural defenses against CAP.
Vaccination is important in both children and adults. Vaccinations against "Haemophilus influenzae" and "Streptococcus pneumoniae" in the first year of life have greatly reduced their role in CAP in children. A vaccine against "Streptococcus pneumoniae" is also available for adults and is currently recommended for all healthy individuals older than 65 and any adults with emphysema, congestive heart failure, diabetes mellitus, cirrhosis of the liver, alcoholism, cerebrospinal fluid leaks, or who do not have a spleen. A repeat vaccination may also be required after five or ten years.
Influenza vaccines should be given yearly to the same individuals as receive vaccination against "Streptococcus pneumoniae". In addition, health care workers, nursing home residents, and pregnant women should receive the vaccine. When an influenza outbreak is occurring, medications such as amantadine, rimantadine, zanamivir, and oseltamivir have been shown to prevent cases of influenza.
External links.
Infectious Diseases Society of America/American Thoracic Society Consensus Guidelines on the Management of Community-Acquired Pneumonia in Adults PDF

</doc>
<doc id="2913328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913328" title="Cantua buxifolia">
Cantua buxifolia

The Qantu, Qantus or Qantuta (Quechua, binomial name: "Cantua buxifolia", , hispanicized spellings "Cantuta, Ccantu") is a flowering plant found in the high valleys of the yungas. It is the national flower of Peru and one of two national flowers of Bolivia, the other being the "patujú". The Bolivian national flower is in fact a particular variety of qantuta, the "qantuta tricolor" which has red petals, a yellow floral tube and a green calyx, reflecting the colors of the national flag.
Inca Legend.
The Inca legend associated with the "cantua" is the tale of two kings named Illimani and Illampu and their sons. Both kings were powerful and wealthy rulers of a vast country in the Qullasuyu region (today's Bolivian Altiplano), and each had a beloved son whom the people held in great esteem. But as time passed, the kings became irritated at each other's prosperity, and eventually one of them attacked the other.
During the battle, the two kings mortally wounded each other, and were carried away. Each on his dying bed called his son and had him vow to avenge him, even if each son had been opposed to the war in the first place. Bound by their pledge, the sons prepared and led a second war even though they held no grudge against each other. History repeated, and each son inflicted a fatal wound on the other.
But instead of harsh words, the dying sons generously forgave each other, and asked that their servants place them side by side on the green grass of the battlefield. Then appeared Pachamama, goddess of fertility, who told the young kings before they died that they shouldn't have suffered from their fathers' unjustified enmity. To punish their dead fathers, their stars fell from the sky and became the snow-covered mountains still named Illimani and Illampu which are some of the highest peaks in Bolivia.
The rivers of their slowly melting snow are their tears of regret and fertilize the valleys. The "cantua" bloom symbolizes the people's unity, and bears the colours of the two kings' sons (red and yellow), as well as green (standing for hope).
Common names.
Common names include Flor del Inca (Spanish for "flower of the Inca"), Magic-flower, Magic-flower-of-the-Incas, Magictree, Sacred-flower-of-the-Incas.

</doc>
<doc id="2913334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913334" title="1975 CFL season">
1975 CFL season

The 1975 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 22nd season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 18th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1975.
Calgary became the first city in the Canadian Prairie Provinces to host the Grey Cup championship game. CFL changed the rules on blocking by allowing contact to be above waist level on punt returns. The two-point convert was introduced to the league.
Tragedy struck the CFL on October 11, when Hamilton Tiger-Cats star defensive lineman Tom Pate suffered an aneurysm in the fourth quarter against the Stampeders at McMahon Stadium. Pate was not able to regain consciousness and eventually died two days later at the age of 23. A year later, the CFLPA announced the Tom Pate Memorial Award in his honour to be awarded to the player who best personifies a unique combination of outstanding sportsmanship and dedication to the league and the community.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Edmonton Eskimos are the 1975 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Montreal Alouettes, 9–8, at Calgary's McMahon Stadium. This was the first Grey Cup game to be held in the prairies. Montreal's Steve Ferrughelli (RB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and Lewis Cook (DB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence. Edmonton's Dave Cutler (K) was named Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2913340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913340" title="Beeb Birtles">
Beeb Birtles

Beeb Birtles (born Gerard Bertelkamp, 28 November 1948, in Amsterdam, Netherlands), is a Dutch/Australian musician, one of the founding members of the Little River Band.
Early life.
Birtles emigrated to Australia with his parents in 1959, settling in Adelaide. He discovered a passion for music while in high school. During his high school days, he was nicknamed "BB Eyes", after a "Dick Tracy" character, which shortly thereafter became "BB". After high school, he formed his first major band, Zoot, moving to Melbourne. At this time, he adopted his professional name; bandmate Darryl Cotton shortened his nickname to "Beeb", and he anglicised the first two syllables of his legal surname to "Birtles".
Career.
Zoot broke up in 1971, and Birtles and Cotton performed together as Frieze for a year. Then, in 1972, Birtles was asked to join the band Mississippi, which like Zoot had moved from Adelaide to Melbourne. After Mississippi disbanded in 1975, band members Birtles, Graeham Goble, and Derek Pellicci recruited Glenn Shorrock and Ric Formosa, plus manager Glenn Wheatley, and formed the Little River Band.
After a run of major international success in the late 1970s and early 1980s, Birtles left the Little River Band in 1983. He had married Donna Brucks, a United States woman who was the assistant to LRB's booking agent in 1979. They settled in Melbourne and had two daughters, Hannah and Emmie. During this period Birtles produced a number of albums, including the Steve Grace record "Children of the Western World", the first Australian Christian artist album to be certified gold.
In 1992, Birtles moved to the U.S. with his wife and children. They briefly settled in Donna's hometown of Jefferson City, Missouri, before moving to Nashville, Tennessee, where he and his wife still live (both daughters have since graduated from college in the U.S.). In 1998 Birtles and Bill Cuomo established Sonic Sorbet, a music production company. Sonic Sorbet has produced albums for a number of recording artists, including Birtles' first solo album "Driven by Dreams", released in 2000. 
From 2002 to 2007, Birtles joined with Shorrock and Goble to form Birtles Shorrock Goble: The Original Voices of the Little River Band. (They were not entitled to use the name Little River Band as it was legally owned by another former band member.) During this period, Birtles won numerous further music awards, including a gold award for the DVD "Full Circle", Classic Rock Performers of the Year and induction into the Australian Songwriters Association Hall of Fame. In 2004 Birtles and the other members of the classic lineup of Little River Band were inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame.
In 2011 Birtles joined the other original members of Zoot to perform and record. The reunion was cut short by the death of Darryl Cotton in 2012.
Currently.
Birtles continues to write and produce music in Nashville.

</doc>
<doc id="2913341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913341" title="Fate Is the Hunter">
Fate Is the Hunter

Fate is the Hunter, ISBN 0-671-63603-0, was a 1961 bestseller by aviation author Ernest K. Gann. Autobiographical, though reading at times like an adventure novel, it describes his years working as a pilot at American Airlines starting in Douglas DC-2s and DC-3s when civilian air transport was in its infancy, wartime flying in C-54s, C-87s, and Lockheed Lodestars and later Matson Navigation's upstart (albeit short-lived) airline and various post-World War II "nonscheduled" airlines in Douglas DC-4s.
On its publication, in reviewing the book, Martin Caidin wrote that his reminiscences "stand excitingly as individual chapter-stories, but the author has woven them superbly into a lifetime of flight." Roger Bilstein, in a history of flight, says that of books that discuss airline operations from the pilot's point of view, "few works of this genre equal E. K. Gann's 'Fate is the Hunter,' which strikingly evokes the atmosphere of air transport flying during the 1930s."
The plot of the 1964 film "Fate is the Hunter" had no relation to the book. Gann had written some early drafts of the script, but was so unhappy with the final result that he asked to have his name removed from it. In his autobiography, "A Hostage to Fortune", Gann wrote, "They obliged and as a result I deprived myself of the TV residuals, a medium in which the film played interminably."
The plot of the fictional book, "The High and the Mighty", (written by Gann) bears some resemblance to one of the true stories in "Fate is the Hunter". On a flight from Hawaii to San Francisco a mysterious vibration puzzled the flight crew during the entire trip. The vibration was later traced to a malfunction that would have likely caused the aircraft to crash had they not inadvertently maintained a higher-than-normal airspeed throughout the flight. Another fictional book by Gann, "Island in the Sky", is also based on a true story told in "Fate is the Hunter".

</doc>
<doc id="2913344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913344" title="John Willys">
John Willys

John North Willys (; October 25, 1873 – August 26, 1935) was an American automotive pioneer and statesman.
Born in Canandaigua, New York, as a young man he began selling bicycles in his hometown and within a few years eventually expanded into manufacturing his own line of bicycles. In 1897 he married Isabel Van Wie and a few years later entered the automobile retailing business in Elmira, New York. His very successful car dealership sold the Overland brand of automobiles. However, in 1907 supply problems with the Indianapolis, Indiana Overland factory led to John Willys acquiring the company. He proved an astute operator and quickly turned the company's sagging fortunes around. In 1909 he acquired the Marion Motor Car Co. of Indianapolis, Indiana and a few years later shifted operations to a production facility bought from the bankrupt Pope Motor Car Co. in Toledo, Ohio.
After changing the name to the Willys-Overland Motor Company in 1912, the next year John Willys acquired the Edwards Motor Co of New York which gave him a license to manufacture the patented Knight "sleeve valve" engine. Success saw his car company become the second largest carmaker in the United States and in 1915 he built a seven-story headquarters in Toledo, Ohio that was the most modern of its day. Before the end of the decade, one-third of the city of Toledo's workforce was employed either at Willys-Overland or at one of the numerous small businesses providing parts and supplies. His automobile empire offered the consumer the choice of an Overland, Willys or Willys-Knight vehicle, each relative to a specific type of engine or price range. Through his holding company, in 1918 John Willys acquired the Moline Plow Company of Moline, Illinois, which manufactured the "Universal" brand of farm tractor and a line of Stephens cars. The following year he acquired control of the Duesenberg company primarily to get his hands on Duesenberg brothers' factory in Elizabeth, New Jersey where he planned to produce a new six-cylinder car.
Labor difficulties began to emerge at the Willys-Overland Toledo plant that resulted in a violent strike in 1919, shutting down the plant for several months. Willys hired General Motors vice-president Walter Chrysler to run the Willys-Overland operation at the then astonishing salary of $1 million a year. However, Chrysler tried to oust John Willys with an attempted takeover bid that backfired when the shareholders resisted his move and Chrysler left in 1921 to go into business for himself.
Although very profitable, John Willys' businesses were highly leveraged, expanded and/or acquired through massive borrowings. In 1921, Willys' nervous bankers forced him to consolidate in order to limit their exposure. To raise cash for debt reduction, the Willys-Overland plant in New Jersey was sold at auction to William C. Durant as was Willys' "New Process Gear Company," in Syracuse, New York. With debt under control, Willys once again began expanding and in 1925 bought the F.J. Stearns Co. of Cleveland, Ohio that made a line of luxury vehicles. In 1926 Willys introduced the "Whippet" model line that sold in the U.S., Canada, and Australia.
The Great Depression of the 1930s saw numerous carmakers go out of business and the Willys enterprises went into bankruptcy reorganization in 1933. The following year, John Willys and his wife of thirty-seven years divorced. He soon remarried but died in 1935 of a heart attack at his home in The Bronx, New York.
John North Willys is interred in the Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2913345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913345" title="Trent Tomlinson">
Trent Tomlinson

Trent Tomlinson (born July 3, 1975) is an American country music artist. After several failed attempts at finding a record deal, Tomlinson was signed to Lyric Street Records in 2005, with his debut album "Country Is My Rock", released in early 2006. This album produced three Top 40 singles on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts: "Drunker Than Me" at No. 19, "One Wing in the Fire" at No. 11, and "Just Might Have Her Radio On" at No. 21. Three further singles were released in 2009.
Biography.
Tomlinson was born in Blytheville, Arkansas. He was raised in Kennett, Missouri. His father is a former basketball star who set scoring records at the University of Missouri and was drafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers He was also the basketball coach, biology teacher, and assistant principal at Kennett High School.
In his junior year of high school, Tomlinson reached the finals for "You Can Be a Star", a television talent show on The Nashville Network (now Spike TV), in which Trent placed second. After numerous deals cut short due to labels that went bankrupt or were being taken over, Tomlinson landed a songwriting deal with Cal IV Entertainment. Some of his songs were recorded by Emerson Drive and Blue County on their respective debut albums. He also cut some sides for Lyric Street Records, with whom he later signed a record deal. Tomlinson's debut single, "Drunker Than Me", was released in late 2005, followed by his album "Country Is My Rock". Two additional singles were also released from the album: "One Wing in the Fire" and "Just Might Have Her Radio On", the former is a song about Tomlinson's father. Tomlinson also co-wrote the track "Missing Missouri" on Sara Evans' 2005 album "Real Fine Place", "Why Can't I Leave Her Alone" on George Strait's 2006 album "It Just Comes Natural".
On December 15, 2008 it was announced that Tomlinson would be the second artist signed to Lyric Street's subsidiary label, Carolwood Records. His fourth single, "That's How It Still Oughta Be," made its chart debut in January 2009. That song fell from the charts in May 2009 and was replaced by "Henry Cartwright's Produce Stand". A third single, "Angels Like Her" (a re-recording of a song on his debut), was released on October 26, 2009, shortly before the closure of Carolwood. Tomlinson subsequently returned to Lyric Street before parting ways in March 2010. All three songs were included on an EP titled "A Guy Like Me".
Tomlinson released "Man Without a Woman" via Skyville Records in 2011, and did not release an album despite the single charting. In 2014, Parmalee released the single "Close Your Eyes", which Tomlinson co-wrote.
Personal life.
Tomlinson married model Jessica Lowman on March 22, 2008. They have one daughter, Harleigh Alexyia Tomlinson, who was born January 14, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2913347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913347" title="Brassocattleya">
Brassocattleya

Brassocattleya or Brasso-cattleya, abbreviated Bc. in the horticultural trade, is an intergeneric orchid hybrid including the genera "Brassavola" and "Cattleya".

</doc>
<doc id="2913355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913355" title="Timothy Mack">
Timothy Mack

Timothy "Tim" Mack (born September 15, 1972 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American pole vaulter who won the gold medal at the 2004 Olympics.
Biography.
Timothy Mack was born on September 15, 1972 in Cleveland, Ohio. He attended Saint Ignatius High School in Cleveland. He then attended Malone College and the University of Tennessee where he earned bachelor's and master's degrees. While at Tennessee, he was the 1995 SEC indoor pole vault champion clearing 5.50 meters. In the same year he won the NCAA Indoor title, clearing 5.60 meters. He finished 7th at the NCAA outdoor championships clearing 5.30 meters.
In 2000, Mack competed at the US Olympic Trials, finishing 8th with a vault of 5.53 meters. In 2001, he won the gold medal at the Goodwill Games in Brisbane, Australia, clearing 5.80 meters. Mack won the USA Indoor Track and Field Championships in 2002, clearing 5.70 meters. Later that year, he finished 2nd at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships with a vault of 5.74 meters. In 2003, Mack finished 3rd at both the US Indoor and Outdoor Championships, clearing 5.70 meters each time. At the 2004 US Indoor Championships, Mack finished 6th with a vault of 5.60 meters. At the US Olympic Trials later in the year, Mack won the pole vault with a vault of 5.90 meters, earning himself a spot on the US Olympic Team. At the Olympics, he won the gold medal, setting a new Olympic record with a vault of 5.95 meters. He also finished first at the 2nd IAAF World Athletics Final with a vault of 6.01 m, thereby joining the exclusive "6 meters club" of pole vaulters who reached 6 meters. In 2005, Mack tied for 7th at the US Outdoor Championships, clearing 5.40 meters. In 2006, he finished 4th at the US Indoor Championships and 7th at the US Outdoor Championships, clearing 5.50 meters at both meets.
He is retired now and is living in Knoxville, Tennessee where he coaches a group of elite men and women pole vaulters as well as high school vaulters.

</doc>
<doc id="2913356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913356" title="Bobby Pinson">
Bobby Pinson

Bobby Olen Pinson (born 1970 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American country music artist. Signed to RCA Records in 2005, Pinson made his debut that year with his album "Man Like Me". Its lead-off single, "Don't Ask Me How I Know", peaked at No. 16 on the Hot Country Songs charts, and was his only Top 40 country hit. Two more albums, "I Mean Business" and "Songs for Somebody", followed in late 2005 and 2007, respectively. He has also written several singles for other artists, including four Number One hits for Toby Keith and another four for Sugarland.
Biography.
Bobby Pinson was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma but raised in the Panhandle, Texas. Influenced by poet and songwriter Shel Silverstein, Pinson began entering writing and storytelling contests, and by high school, he began writing songs as well, citing Johnny Cash, Bruce Springsteen and Steve Earle as influences. Because his father was a football coach, Pinson was moved throughout the state of Texas, and played football himself in high school.
After graduating from Claremore High School in Oklahoma, Pinson served in the United States Army, in which he served for three years. While in the Army, he founded a band which began playing at local venues in California. In California, he met songwriters Larry Boone and Paul Nelson, who suggested that he move to Nashville, Tennessee, which he did in 1996. Pinson worked several odd jobs in Nashville, including delivering phone books and loading railroad ties for the Santa Fe Railroad.
Musical career.
By 1999, he was signed to a publishing contract with Sony/ATV Music. Artists who recorded his material included Blake Shelton, Marty Stuart and LeAnn Rimes. His first single release as a songwriter was Tracy Lawrence's 2000 single "Unforgiven", and three years later, McHayes (a duo composed of Wade Hayes and Mark McClurg) charted with "It Doesn't Mean I Don't Love You", which Pinson co-wrote with Trent Willmon. Pinson also co-wrote Marty Stuart's 2003 single "If There Ain't, There Ought'a Be", and Willmon later charted with one of Pinson's songs, "The Good Life", in early 2005 from his self-titled debut album.
After playing at several artist and songwriter showcases, Pinson was discovered by producer Joe Scaife, who helped him sign to a contract with RCA Records Nashville. His debut single, "Don't Ask Me How I Know", charted in early 2005 and reached a peak of No. 16 on the "Billboard" country charts. This was the first single from his debut album "Man Like Me". The album's second single, "Way Down", peaked at No. 58, and by the end of 2005, Pinson exited RCA's roster. He did, however, re-release an independent album originally recorded in 1994 called "I Mean Business".
Despite the loss of his record deal, Pinson continued to write songs for other singers. Lawrence charted another Pinson co-write, "If I Don't Make It Back", in 2006. His first Number One as a songwriter came in late 2006, when Sugarland topped the "Billboard" country charts with "Want To", which he co-wrote with the duo's members, Kristian Bush and Jennifer Nettles. Trent Tomlinson also released a Pinson co-write, "One Wing in the Fire", in late 2006. He released a third album, "Songs for Somebody", in 2007 on an independent label. This album included his own rendition of "If I Don't Make It Back". That same year, two more songs that he co-wrote entered the charts: "What I Did Last Night" by Catherine Britt and "We Weren't Crazy" by Josh Gracin.
In 2008, Pinson also began writing with Toby Keith, including the singles "She's a Hottie", "She Never Cried in Front of Me", "Lost You Anyway", "Made in America", "Beers Ago", "I Like Girls That Drink Beer" and "Shut Up and Hold On". "She Never Cried in Front of Me" and "Lost You Anyway" were released from Keith's 2008 album "That Don't Make Me a Bad Guy", on which all but three songs were co-written by Keith and Pinson. He also has several cuts on Sugarland's 2008 album "Love on the Inside", including its first three singles: "All I Want to Do", "Already Gone" and "It Happens", all of which were also Number One hits. Pinson and Terry McBride also co-wrote Brooks & Dunn's 2009 single "Honky Tonk Stomp". Pinson and Arlo Gilliam also co-wrote Emerson Drive's 2012 single "She's My Kind of Crazy". Pinson, Rhett Akins and Dallas Davidson also co-wrote Aaron Lewis's 2013 single "Granddaddy's Gun".

</doc>
<doc id="2913363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913363" title="Brassoepidendrum">
Brassoepidendrum

Brassoepidendrum, abbreviated Bepi. in the horticultural trade, is the nothogenus of intergeneric orchid hybrids including wild ancestors from both genera "Brassavola" and "Epidendrum", and from no others.

</doc>
<doc id="2913368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913368" title="WBWC">
WBWC

WBWC (88.3 FM) – branded 88.3 FM The Sting – is a non-commercial educational college/alternative rock radio station licensed to Berea, Ohio, serving western parts of Greater Cleveland. Owned by Baldwin Wallace University, the station is operated by both faculty and students. The WBWC studios are located at Strosacker Hall on the Baldwin Wallace campus in Berea, while the station transmitter resides in North Olmsted.
History.
WBWC signed on as the first totally student funded and operated radio station in the United States on March 1, 1958. Stereo facilities were added to the radio station in 1975. By 1981, WBWC received permission from the FCC to begin construction to increase broadcast power from 10 to 100 watts of power. That same year, the station launched the Summer Marathon Series. In 1995, WBWC became the very first college radio station to perform a remote broadcast from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland. The station's power was increased to 4,000 watts in 2001. Seven years later, on March 1, 2008, WBWC celebrated its 50th Anniversary.
Current programming.
WBWC airs 16 hours of modern rock every day. During weekday overnights, the station airs a variety of music styles. Public Service to the community includes news via the Associated Press. During the summer months, WBWC airs the weekly "Summer Marathon Series": every Thursday, the station features 18 hours of music centered around a particular artist or theme.

</doc>
<doc id="2913374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913374" title="Rudolf Goldschmidt">
Rudolf Goldschmidt

Rudolf Goldschmidt (March 19, 1876, Neubukow, Mecklenburg – 1950, London) was a German engineer and inventor.
Goldschmidt was born in Neubukow and earned an engineering degree in 1898. He spent the following decade working in England with major firms such as Westinghouse. Subsequently he returned to Germany and eventually became a professor at Darmstadt.
In 1908 he developed a rotating radio-frequency machine, the Goldschmidt alternator, which was used as an early radio transmitter. This was manufactured by German firm Hochfrequenz-Maschinen Aktiengesellschaft für Drahtlose Telegraphie, and used in high power longwave radio stations to transmit intercontinental radiotelegraph traffic. Large 100 kilowatt Goldschmidt transmitters in Eilvese, Germanty and Tuckerton, New Jersey, USA were used in the first direct communications link between Germany and the United States, which was inaugurated on June 19, 1914 with a ceremonial exchange of telegrams between Kaiser Wilhelm II and President Woodrow Wilson. Alternator radio transmitters were used into the 1920s, when they were replaced by vacuum tube transmitters. As one of the first continuous wave transmitters, the Goldschmidt alternator was able to transmit audio (sound) as well as telegraphy signals, and was used for some early experimental AM radio transmissions.
He also invented a mechanical device, the Goldschmidt tone wheel, used in early radio receivers to receive the new continuous wave radiotelegraph signals. The first radio transmitter, the spark-gap transmitter, produced a string of damped waves that sounded like a buzz or tone in a radio receiver, so the pulses of radio waves used to transmit Morse code were audible as "beeps" in the receiver. However, the new transmitters like the Goldschmidt alternator generated unmodulated continuous waves, which were inaudible in receivers. To make them audible, the tone wheel receiver used the heterodyne principle to convert the radio frequency to an audio frequency. The tone wheel was a disk with contacts around the rim, spun by a small electric motor, which interrupted the incoming radio signal at a radio frequency rate. The tone wheel acted as a crude beat frequency oscillator (BFO), introducing a second radio frequency which combined with the received signal to create a "beat" (heterodyne) frequency at the difference of the two frequencies, in the audio range. For example, if the frequency of the received signal was 60,000 Hz, the tone wheel could be adjusted to introduce a frequency of 59,000 Hz, creating a 1,000 Hz tone which could be heard in the earphones as a musical "beep" whenever the carrier was present.
The tone wheel was used for a short period until the 1920s when it was replaced by the vacuum tube regenerative receiver. Later the tone wheel was used as a musical tone generating device in early electronic organs.
During the nineteen twenties, Goldschmidt directed an industrial research lab in Berlin. Here he met Albert Einstein. In 1928, a singer with whom the physicist was acquainted suffered a hearing loss, which misfortune set Einstein to thinking about hearing aids. Soon he had an idea and asked Goldschmidt to help him develop a working model. In due course patent 590783"pat # 590783 to Williams for Amusement Apparatus. Either the number is wrong or the country is not the US and should be named." was issued to Goldschmidt and Einstein on January 10, 1934.
In 1934, Goldschmidt emigrated to England. He kept up his correspondence with Einstein until his death in Bournemouth in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="2913382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913382" title="Brassolaeliocattleya">
Brassolaeliocattleya

Brassolaeliocattleya, abbreviated Blc. in the horticultural trade, is the orchid nothogenus for intergeneric hybrid greges containing at least one ancestor species from each of the three ancestral genera "Brassavola" R.Br, "Cattleya" Lindl. and "Laelia "Lindl., and from no other genera.
Nomenclatural history.
As the name was used in 1999, there were many greges which were among the most spectacular of cultivated orchids, being particularly valued for the large showy labellum. By 2009, the ""Brassavola"" parents most commonly used in producing Brassolaeliocattleyas had been moved into the genus "Rhyncholaelia", and the ""Laelia"" parents most commonly used in producing Brassolaeliocattleyas had been moved into the genus "Cattleya". As a result, most of the greges that were classified as Brassolaeliocattleyas in 1999 are now classified in the nothogenus Rhyncholaeliocattleya, although others are now placed in several nothogenera:

</doc>
<doc id="2913396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913396" title="The New Century Family Money Book">
The New Century Family Money Book

The New Century Family Money Book is a 1993 financial security self-help book by Jonathan D. Pond. It was first published on March 1, 1993 through Dell Publishing and covers topics such as home ownership, college, investing, careers, insurance, retirement, and income tax and estate planning.
The "Chicago Sun-Times" gave a positive review for the book upon its release and noted that it "covers every personal and family financial concern from basic investing to college aid formulas".

</doc>
<doc id="2913399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913399" title="List of famines">
List of famines

This is a selective list of known major famines, ordered by date.
Between 108 BC and 1911 AD there were no fewer than 1,828 major famines in China, or one nearly every year in one or another province; however, the famines varied greatly in severity. There were 95 famines in Britain during the Middle Ages.

</doc>
<doc id="2913400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913400" title="Cattleytonia">
Cattleytonia

Cattleytonia (from "Cattleya" and "Broughtonia", its parental genera) is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids. It is abbreviated Ctna in horticultural trade.

</doc>
<doc id="2913405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913405" title="Epicattleya">
Epicattleya

Epicattleya (from "Cattleya" and "Epidendrum", its parent genera) is an intergeneric orchid hybrid. The nothogenus is abbreviated Epc. in the horticultural trade.

</doc>
<doc id="2913415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913415" title="Epilaeliocattleya">
Epilaeliocattleya

Epilaeliocattleya, abbreviated Eplc. in the horticultural trade, is the nothogenus consisting of all intergeneric orchid hybrids descended from at least one species in each of the parent genera ("Epidendrum", "Laelia" and "Cattleya"), and from no other natural genera.

</doc>
<doc id="2913421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913421" title="Mister Gallagher and Mister Shean">
Mister Gallagher and Mister Shean

"Mister Gallagher and Mister Shean" is one of the most famous songs to come from vaudeville. First performed by the duo of Gallagher and Shean in the early 1920s, it became a huge hit and carried Gallagher & Shean to stardom.
It contains jokes typical of the time but also lampoons current fads and events (""Cost of living went so high / That it's cheaper now to die""). The song itself gave rise to many parody versions. 
As this song was sung on the vaudeville stage, each verse was presented as a miniature skit, as though Shean came across Gallagher on a street, beginning: ""Oh, Mister Gallagher! Oh Mister Gallagher! Have you heard...?"" Gallagher would say ""Yes, yes"" to his entreaties before the joke was set up in the verse. 
Because the duo's first appearance together had been in a skit set in Egypt, the two performed the song in Egyptian costume (Gallagher in white suit and straw hat of the tourist, Shean in fez and bizarre skirted jacket of the "native" colonial). Aside from one reference to the Nile made in one of the original verses, their costumes had nothing to do with the song, but reflected the craze for all things Egyptian after the discovery of King Tut's tomb.
Each verse ended with a question-and-answer refrain, one of which – ""Positively, Mister Gallagher? Absolutely, Mister Shean!"" – became a well-known catchphrase for many years thereafter. A version was performed on television by Groucho Marx (Shean's nephew) with Jackie Gleason in the late 1950s, and Lenny Bruce made off-handed reference to it in his 1960s nightclub act, all of them confident that it would be immediately recognizable to the audience. In the 1974 play "Travesties", by Tom Stoppard, the characters Gwendolen and Cecily sing a parody version of the song, substituting their own names. As late 1983 the song was the centerpiece of an advertising campaign by the Pitney-Bowes corporation (""Absolutely Mister Pitney, positively Mister Bowes!"").
There are several versions of the song, and a long list of verses, as it was occasionally reworked or updated, as was typical of topical vaudeville songs. It was recorded both on a popular 78 rpm disc record and on an early "talkie" film, both of which featured the original performers. The song also is heard in the soundtrack of the feature films "Ziegfeld Girl" (1941), in which Shean himself appears, and "Atlantic City" (1944).
This song inspired at least the jingle associated with the household cleaning product Mr. Sheen; whether it directly inspired the product name is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="2913424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913424" title="LMS Stanier Class 5 4-6-0 44738-57">
LMS Stanier Class 5 4-6-0 44738-57

British Railways built twenty locomotives of the LMS Stanier Black Five type, fitted with Caprotti valve gear, in 1948. These were numbered 44738-57. The LMS Stanier Black Fives had been fitted with Walschaerts valve gear as standard. In 1947, as part of an experimental programme by George Ivatt to try to improve the already good design, (4)4767 was built with Stephenson link motion. The Caprotti-fitted Black Fives were part of the same programme.
The Caprotti valve gear was driven by a single shaft, located between the frames, and driven from the leading coupled axle by a bevel gear. The reversing gear was operated by a screw wheel requiring multiple turns to go from full forward to full reverse; in this it differed from the standard Caprotti version, which only required one turn. It was designed to operate in the same way as the reversing gear on the Walschaerts-fitted Black Fives. However reversing between intermediate cutoff positions could only be achieved by winding to the full-gear position in the new direction and then winding back.
The first batch of Caprotti Black Fives, M4748–M4750, emerged from Crewe in February 1948. A second batch, M4751–M4752, entered traffic in March 1948, followed by nos. 44754 and 44755 in April, 44756 in June and 44757 in December. The prefix M, used by the London Midland Region of British Railways, was soon dropped and M4748 to M4752 were renumbered 44748 to 44752 between June 1948 and June 1949. All of these locomotives were fitted with Timken roller bearings throughout. The last three of these, 44755-7, were also fitted with a double chimney. 
Between May and August 1948 a further ten Caprotti Black Fives were built, nos. 44738–44747. These had plain wheel bearings throughout.
The twenty locomotives incorporated a number of modifications to the original design. The boiler was raised by to . The smokebox was extended by and the chimney moved forward to allow room for the Caprotti valve box and associated steam and exhaust pipes. The locomotives fitted with Timken bearings had large split cannon-type axleboxes between the frames. To allow room for the firebox between the middle and rear axleboxes the spacing between the driving and rear coupled wheels was increased from to . This gave a longer wheelbase of as against the of the standard locomotives. The locomotives with plain bearings also had the longer wheelbase. All locomotives had a modified cab and a lowered running plate, necessitating the use of splashers over the wheels.
In service, the Caprotti Black Fives were slow in acceleration, but were powerful at high speeds, and coasted freely. The slow acceleration was caused by inefficiencies in the drive and valve events. These were addressed in the design of the last two Black Fives to be built, 44686-7, which emerged in 1951 with Caprotti valve gear driven by two external shafts on either side of the locomotives. Later BR built thirty of the closely related standard class 5 with Caprotti valve gear, and it was also employed on the standard class 8 71000 "Duke of Gloucester".
All of the Caprotti Black Fives were withdrawn and scrapped in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="2913429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913429" title="Abel Magwitch">
Abel Magwitch

Abel Magwitch is a fictional character from Charles Dickens’ 1861 novel, "Great Expectations".
Synopsis.
Charles Dickens started his story in about 1800, setting his character Abel Magwitch to meet a man called Compeyson at the Epsom Races. Compeyson, Dickens wrote, had been brought up in a boarding school and was a good-looking and set up gentleman. Magwitch, at the same time, began a relationship with a mentally unstable woman named Molly, who later stood trial for murder. Jaggers, her defense attorney, convinced the jury that she was too weak to have strangled the woman. Jaggers was convincing, and Molly was acquitted and became (unknown to Magwitch) Jaggers’ maidservant. The story relates that Molly had given birth to Magwitch's daughter, who was about two or three years old at the time of Molly's trial. Molly told Magwitch that she had destroyed the child, and as far as Magwitch knew, his daughter had indeed died.
Later in the novel Magwitch and Compeyson are accused of a serious felony, being charged with putting stolen notes in circulation. Compeyson convinces Magwitch that they should have separate defences and no communication. At the trial, Compeyson appeared as a gentleman, while Magwitch had to sell his clothes to be able to pay for Jaggers. The prosecution placed most of the guilt on Magwitch, who realized that Compeyson had always intended to scapegoat him should they be caught.
Dickens has Compeyson's attorney hammer the point home: 
In the end, Magwitch is condemned to fourteen years imprisonment, while Compeyson receives seven. Magwitch and Compeyson are imprisoned on the same prison ship. Magwitch attempts to kill Compeyson. He is taken to the black hole (a solitary confinement cell) after landing his first punch, but he manages to escape some time around Christmas of 1812.
The novel begins with young Pip visiting the graves of his parents and brothers, where he is surprised by Magwitch: " fearful man, all in coarse gray, with a great iron on his leg. A man with no hat, and with broken shoes, and with an old rag tied round his head. A man who had been soaked in water, and smothered in mud, and lamed by stones, and cut by flints, and stung by nettles, and torn by briars; who limped and shivered, and glared and growled; and whose teeth chattered in his head as he seized me by the chin."
Magwitch tricks the seven-year-old boy into believing that he has an accomplice who is a terrible young man who would tear out and eat Pip's heart and liver if Pip did not help them. Pip, terrified, steals a pork pie, brandy and a file from his house and brings them to Magwitch the next morning. On his way he encounters another convict, bruised in the face, who he initially thought was Magwitch and then believes to be the young man Magwitch had told him about. Magwitch, upon hearing about the other escapee, realises that Compeyson has also escaped and, after having eaten, drunk, and filed his leg iron off, he sets off to search for him. He finds him and decides, not caring for his own fate, to take him back to the Hulks. The pair are still struggling when soldiers find and seize them.
Compeyson argued that his escape was due to being terrorized by Magwitch. Consequently, his punishment was light, whereas Magwitch was put in irons, retried, and deported to New South Wales for life. Magwitch had a number of jobs in Australia, including that of a sheep farmer and stock breeder, and became rich. He never forgot Pip’s kindness to him and decided to do something for the boy, in part because he reminded him of his lost daughter, who would have been about the same age as Pip. Magwitch sent money to Mr. Jaggers, who passed it to Pip and sought to make the boy a gentleman. Jaggers is not permitted to let Pip know who his benefactor is, unless Magwitch chooses to reveal himself as the benefactor to Pip.
Dickens continues his tale in about 1829, when Pip is 23 years old, Magwitch secretly returns to England under the name of "Provis". When he reveals himself to Pip, both are disappointed. Pip does not feel gratitude towards Magwitch but rather disgust and repulsion as he discovers where his money came from (partly because he had thought Miss Havisham had been assisting him in wooing her protegee Estella) and his feelings are thinly veiled. However, Pip’s feelings towards Magwitch improve as he learns the convict's history. He decides nonetheless that he does not want to accept more money from Provis, despite the fact he is being hounded by debt collectors.
The situation is now escalated by Charles Dickens: Magwitch, as a deported criminal, would be without doubt sentenced to death if recognized by the authorities. Wemmick and Herbert (during one of Pip’s stays at the country) discover that they are being watched and lodge Magwitch (who is to go by the name of Mr. Campbell) in the house of Herbert’s fiancée. An escape for Magwitch from England is prepared. Magwitch is to be put aboard a steamer bound for Hamburg. As it is not possible to board at a port due to Magwitch's wanted status, they try to row to the steamer from the banks of the Thames in Essex after the steamer has left the port of London. Unusually, a well-manned boat comes out to intercept them as they aim for the steamer. Magwitch recognizes Compeyson on this boat and goes for him. They both end up in the water where Compeyson is drowned. Magwitch is immediately arrested and clapped in irons, having suffered a bad chest wound during these events.
Pip now considers Magwitch a friend. He makes frequent visits to the ailing Magwitch and holds his hand throughout Magwitch's new trial, where Magwitch receives a death sentence. (This conviction for felony also causes the forfeiture of all his money, thus destroying Pip's great expectations.) Magwitch is declining in health and is being held in the infirmary when Pip at last tells him that his child, Estella, is alive. Pip goes on to tell him that she is a beautiful lady and that he, Pip, was in love with her. Pip has found this information out, as Wemmick told him Molly’s story and he recognized her to be Estella’s mother. With a last pressure on Pip’s hand, Magwitch dies a good and very content man.
Biographical note.
Charles Barrow, Charles Dickens' maternal grandfather, had been the Head of the Moneys Section at the Navy Pay Office. In 1810 it was found that he had been systematically falsifying his accounts for nine years. During this period he had embezzled nearly £6,000. Threatened with legal proceedings Charles Barrow fled abroad, eventually dying in the Isle of Man, outside English legal jurisdiction, in 1826, when Dickens was fourteen years old. Legal outlawry must have produced some cloaked, mysterious references to his absent maternal grandfather. Flight overseas for suspected felons, bankrupts and indeed any persons visited with moral or social disgrace, was a commonplace of Victorian life and fiction. But two situations are always charged with heightened atmosphere in Dickens' novels. The first is the menace that forever surrounds the lives of the respectable from the very existence of a criminal friend or relative at large - this is the fate of Mrs Rudge, the dark secret of David Copperfield's aunt, Betsy Trotwood, the strange tension of Mrs Clennam's tomblike home in "Little Dorrit", the central situation of "Great Expectations". The other is the extraordinary vividness of foiled attempts by criminals to get away from England's shores. The dramatic police interception of the illegally returned transported convict Magwitch's attempt to get to the Continent and to liberty, is one of the prime examples of this situation. (The other is the 'Anwerks package' scene in "Martin Chuzzlewit" when Jonas Chuzzlewit, the murderer, is turned back as he boards ship for the Low Countries). These scenes have a detail of circumstance and a power of apprehension that suggests the feeding of fiction by an often told family story.
In 1816, Charles Dickens' father, John, had been appointed to one of the principal naval dockyards in Chatham at the mouth of the River Medway in Kent, 30 miles south-east of London. With his father, accompanying him in the course of his duty into the dockyard or on sailing trips up the River Medway, Dickens must have first seen the convicts who worked at unloading, and the marshes at Cooling, north-east of Chatham, off which the galley ships lay - scenes which would play a part in the story of his fictional self, Pip, and Pip's benefactor, Magwitch.

</doc>
<doc id="2913436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913436" title="Ship floodability">
Ship floodability

Floodability is a characteristic of the construction of a ship to resist flooding. 
Floodability is reduced by dividing the volume of the hull into watertight compartments with decks and bulkheads (which also increase the strength of ships), use of double bottom, and by other means. If a ship's hull is divided into watertight compartments, any flooding resulting from a breach of the hull can be contained in the compartments where the flooding occurs. As long as the flooding is localised, this can allow a ship to retain sufficient buoyancy to remain afloat.
The Song Dynasty Chinese author Zhu Yu wrote of watertight compartments in his book, "Pingzhou Table Talks", written from AD 1111 to 1117 and published in 1119. Watertight compartments were frequently implemented in Asian ships, and had been implemented in the warships of Kubla Khan. Chinese seagoing junks often had 14 crosswalls, some of which could be flooded to increase stability or for the carriage of liquids.
Alexei Krylov and Stepan Makarov worked extensively on ship floodability in the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2913440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913440" title="Medicine in China">
Medicine in China

In China, most hospitals are run by the government. Physicians were previously quasi-government employees and with little freedom in the choice of the hospital to work with. In addition, decades of planned economic policy discouraged physicians from opening their own clinics, and the practice of medicine was generally non-private.
While there are private clinics in China, many of the owners of those clinics do not have a western medical education. Most of these private practitioners practice traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). They learned a lineage-based medical system from their parents (mostly from their fathers), took imperial exams to enter medical university pre-PRC, or study at TCM universities in modern China.
Physicians now are encouraged to open private clinics or hospitals, and those who have been practicing medicine for five years after they received national physician licenses can open their own clinics.
Chinese Medical Association.
The Chinese Medical Association is the largest and oldest non-governmental medical organization in China. It was established by a group of medical professionals in 1915 with an aim to uniting medical professionals, upholding medical ethics and advocating social integrity. It currently counts over 430,000 members and 82 specialty societies. It publishes over 70 medical journals (including the Chinese Medical Journal, as well as a medical bulletin and a medical education magazine. The CMA plays a leading and active role in the nation’s medical education, training and professional exchanges.
Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences has six sections:
The CAS has eleven regional branches at Shenyang, Changchun, Shanghai, Nanjing, Wuhan, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Kunming, Ningbo, Xi’an, Lanzhou, Hefei and Xinjiang.
The CAS has over 100 institutes, one university (the University of Science and Technology of China at Hefei, Anhui) and one graduate school (the Graduate University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences). Backed by institutes of CAS, GUCAS is headquartered in Beijing, with graduate education bases in Shanghai, Chengdu, Wuhan, Guangzhou and Lanzhou, four Science Libraries of Chinese Academy of Sciences, three technology support centers and two news and publishing units. These CAS branches and offices are located in 20 provinces and municipalities throughout China. CAS has invested in or created over 430 science- and technology-based enterprises in eleven industries including eight companies listed on stock exchanges.
Membership of the Academy represents the highest level of national honor for Chinese scientists.
Physicians.
Physician compensation.
At government controlled hospitals, physicians are salaried employees. Salaries are based on working experience and professional level. Some hospitals also pay a bonus to physicians according to the hospital's operating performances and the physician's contributions. Physicians’ salaries vary greatly. For those working at busy and well-known hospitals, their base salaries can be a few times as much as those of physicians working at low-ranking hospitals. Chinese hospitals are classified as three general levels, with level 3 at the top and level 1 at the bottom. Each level has sub-levels of A, B and C. Some elite hospitals are 3A+s.
For many physicians, in particular those at big hospitals, specialty hospitals or hospitals with large reputations, physician incomes can be larger than regular hospitals. Physicians, and in particular, surgeons, can augment their hospital salaries by operating surgeries at hospitals other than the one in which they are employed. Many physicians also receive commissions from prescribing prescription drugs and get “red envelopes” from patients (patients give money or gifts to their wanted physicians for getting treatment) or from sales representatives of drug companies. However, a new regulation issued by the Health Ministry removes physicians from the practice of medicine if they are found to have taken "red envelopes" from patients, and a hotline has been set up to monitor physicians.
Social status.
In China, physicians are well respected, but as a group they are not at the top of the social structure of the country because their incomes fall in the middle class.
According to a Ph.D. candidate at a U.S. Public Health School, who was a physician at a well-known 3A hospital in Beijing, like other junior physicians, she seldom received “red envelopes” from patients, and only senior physicians or physicians with fame would have such opportunities. The student said those senior physicians had become members of the high-income class. Like the student, many physicians, went abroad to study because they were not satisfied with their status.
According to a 2002 statistics from Beijing Physicians Association, between 2000 and 2001, in Beijing about 2300 physicians resigned, and most of them went to work as sales representatives of drug companies. Some still practice medicine but work with privately owned hospitals rather than public hospitals.
Competitive pressure for hospitals.
Influenced by a centrally-planned economy, many hospitals were managed as government agencies rather than medical service organizations. Hospitals did not have competition pressures. The management team usually did not recognize the importance of developing and retaining high skilled physicians. Administrative personnel were more powerful than physicians at a hospital.
However, with the reform of the medical sector, Chinese hospitals are facing increasing competition from privately owned and foreign-investment-backed hospitals. Physicians are expected to enjoy higher legal income and better social status.
Physician training.
The Chinese medical education system follows the British system, but it compressed from six years to five years to shorten the educational cycle. To become a medical doctor, a person usually needs to study for five years at a medical school. After graduation, young doctor needs to complete 3-6 years residency training, some need extended training for subspecialty. Internal medicine usually takes 3-4 years residency training, but surgical specialties may takes 5-8 years to complete the trainning. 
Upon graduation, the graduate must work as a resident physician for few years to be eligible to take a National Medical Licensing Examination (NMLE) for physician certification. This examination is conducted by the National Medical Examination Center (NMEC). Without approval of registration by the Ministry of Health one can not practice medicine in China as a physician or assistant physician.
American type of residency training has not been implemented nationwide in Chinese hospitals though almost all hospitals require their physicians to be trained as resident for few years before promotion to attending. American type of residency program was launched in some University affiliated hospitals. These students will complete their MD study and have to pass the national certification test during the residency. 
There are general hospitals and specialty hospitals. A medical graduate rotates through several departments and then assigned to a specialty department according to his or her strengths and the hospital’s needs. Specialty physician usually are attendings who specialized in certain specialty during the training process in a specialty hospital or in a subspecialty at a general hospital. Some medical experts have called for a standardized training and testing system for specialty physicians in accordance to American system. The classification of specialties at a Chinese hospital is similar to that at a U.S. hospital.
Prescription drugs.
According to BCG’s prediction in 2002, China’s prescription drug market is expected to reach $24 billion and become the fifth largest market following Japan. AstraZeneca now ranks as the No. 1 foreign brand in terms of prescription sales in the Chinese market.
Physicians control the distribution of prescription drugs. Some hospitals and clinics stipulate patients must buy prescription drugs from the hospitals or directly from the physicians who make the prescriptions. Such a restriction aims to prevent the loss of sales on prescription drugs to retailers, but retailing drug stores are unhappy with such a restriction, and some of them have tried all means to lure away prescription drugs buyer from hospitals. For instance, they offer to pay drug buyers half a dollar for each prescription the buyers brought to the drug stores. Normally a prescription is effective on the day it is issued, but it can be effective within three days of prescription under certain conditions.
Hospitals.
Physicians used to be hired as full-time and life-time employees at a government controlled hospital. But with the reforming of the medical service sector, both physicians and hospitals have more freedom in choosing each other.
Young physicians usually have an employment contract with the hospital they work with, and a person can quit at will. The hospital can also lay off the individual if it’s not satisfied with the employees performance or morality.
It’s not uncommon for physicians to quit and take a different job. The top three reasons that lead many physicians in Beijing to quit include: doctors are not well paid; hospitals are poorly managed; and there are not enough personal development opportunities.
Management.
For a government-controlled hospital, the hospital is still operated and managed by a management team under the leadership of the president of the hospital, who is usually nominated and appointed by the healthcare department of a province, a city or a county. But for a private hospital or a publicly traded hospital, the ownership is the same as that of a private company or a public company.
There are two types of hospitals in China – for-profit and non-profit. Profit-oriented hospitals may distribute their profit. Non-profit hospitals are government-owned, and will turn earnings into additional infrastructure or hand them back to the respective government authorities. Non-profit hospitals also enjoy preferential tax treatment and several government subsidies. They also get low-cost financing from the government for their capital investment.
Number.
By the end of 2002, China has 306,000 healthcare and medical organizations, 63,858 of which are hospitals and clinics, 219,907 of which are nursing homes and 22,270 fall into other categories. Among them, only 1% are for profit, although all non-profit hospitals and clinics also rely on profits of selling drugs and treatments. Drug sales from hospitals account for 85% of total drug sales, with the remaining 15% going to drug stores.
Stripping out the government’s subsidies, all government-subsidized hospitals would have been in red. This poor operating performance can be partially due to that non-profit hospitals have little incentive to control costs, given the government’s subsidies.
Private Hospitals.
In 2000, a reform started to occur in the Chinese hospital system. Government owned hospitals are being restructured, some of them being sold to individual investors, and more and more private hospitals are founded.
In 2004, Beijing Aikang Medical Investment Company bought a state-run-enterprise owned AAA hospital (the highest standard), and the acquisition was the first of this kind in China. The investment company plans to buy 10 hospitals in the next three to five years. In Fuzhou, the capital city of Fujian province, four government-owned hospitals have been sold to private investors.
Nursing and support staff.
Nurses are normally well trained before being eligible for working with a hospital, but support workers are a problem. Some hospitals hire skill-less “underground” labors and after giving them some simple training use them as hospital support workers. These workers, mostly from rural areas to make a living in cities, on the other hand, are poorly paid by those hospitals.
To secure the quality of hospital services, Beijing recently has passed a regulation on training and hiring qualified hospital support workers. In Tianjin, China’s third largest city, about 1,000 unemployed people have been trained by local authority and passed hospital support work test. These people returned to work as certified support staff of a number of big hospitals.
Education.
One needs to study at a nursing school for around three years before being eligible to work as a nurse. Most nursing schools enroll middle school graduates (Grade 9) and senior high school graduates (Grade 12), and they run four-year and three-year programs respectively.
A bachelor’s degree in nursing has been available since late 1980s and early 1990s in China. Many medical schools including the School of Medicine of Beijing University offer five-year programs in nursing.
Locations.
Most hospitals are located at downtown areas due to people’s reliance on public transportation in China. More than 80% of Chinese medical resources are concentrated in urban areas, and the rest in rural areas.
Payers.
Payment for healthcare.
The government, employers, and individuals pay for healthcare. In December 1998, a national medical insurance scheme was launched by the State Council. By end of 2002, most of the county or above level cities had joined the scheme and covered a population of about 100 million. Social Insurance Fund Administration Centre, a department of the Ministry of Labor and Social Security, oversees this insurance system. Currently, this system only focuses on employees of enterprises at or above township level. Those in remote or less developed areas cannot enjoy the benefits of this scheme, which is considered a shortcoming of the social medical insurance scheme.
The National Basic Medical Insurance Scheme ensures basic medical access by the public under the social security system. Individuals pay an annual insurance premium for their basic medical treatment entitlements. This scheme has replaced the previous government-funded labor insurance medical system.
Foreign-invested enterprises are required to provide health insurance benefits, but are not required to participate in the basic plan. For example, for employees of foreign enterprises in Beijing hired through Foreign Enterprises Service Corp. (FESCO), foreign enterprises pay FESCO, and FESCO then buys insurance policies for these employees. The government also allows commercial health insurers to operate in China.
In 2004, 119.41 million people had basic medical insurance. Revenues of basic medical insurance funds reached $91 billion, and payments were $74 billion.
Structure and Implementation.
Drug price regulation.
The qualified drug catalogue under the basic medical scheme, which aims to control expenses on drugs, specifies drugs that are covered by the scheme and eligible for reimbursement. As the government-driven drug price regulation mechanism and the centralized tendering drug procurement program are only applicable to the drugs covered by the scheme, the scheme undoubtedly plays a crucial role in the development of the drug industry.
The basic insurance plan does not reimburse expenses for drugs not on the basic medical insurance drug list, the State Scheme Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, which is based on clinical need, safety and efficacy, reasonable pricing, ease of use, and the desire to maintain a balance between Western and TCM products.
The basic medical insurance and at-work injury insurance of 2004 cover 832 traditional Chinese medicines, up from 415 of 2000; the number of chemical medicines covered by the insurance systems increase from 725 to 1031 from year 2000 to 2004, some of which are patent-protected drugs of Western companies.
Sino-Generali Life Insurance, a joint venture between China and Italy companies, offers a commercial medical insurance that reimburses 80% of prescription drugs, with an annual maximum reimbursement of $1000 per policy.
Changes.
Before the reform of healthcare system, roughly 140 million workers and 60 million family members were covered under the State-owned enterprise (SOE) and collective insurance. This system has reimbursed 100 percent of employees' medical costs, and 50 percent of family members' costs. The system has been funded, in name at least, by the enterprises.
Hoping to reduce enterprise subsidies of all types, the State Council launched pilot reforms in 1994 of the two health insurance systems under its control. Begun in two midsize cities, Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province, and Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province, and expanded to over 60 cities in 1997, this experiment has become national policy, applicable to domestic and foreign-invested firms. The two State health insurance systems would later be consolidated to be the Basic Medical Insurance System.
Only about 120 million to 180 million workers have some form of healthcare coverage that will pay for Western pharmaceuticals, according to industry analysts. Farmers, who make up the vast majority of Chinese, have no real coverage at all.
Government.
The Chinese government used to cover up to 100% of medical fees for employees working with government agencies, state-owned enterprises, or educational organizations, but peasants didn’t enjoy the policy.
Starting from 2001, a new medical coverage plan took effect, marking the government’s withdrawal from shouldering whole medical insurance burden. Under the policy, urban residents must join a government managed basic insurance coverage plan for urban residents and pay a certain amount of monthly fees based on their income levels, and up to 70% of their medical expenses can be reimbursed. So far around 100 million urban residents are covered by the plan.
Private payers and insurance companies.
According to a news report, 44.8% of urban residents and 79.1% of rural residents have no medical insurance.} Many of people are private payers. They either cannot afford to buy medical insurance, or do not understand the value of medical insurance.
In contrast to rural residents, urban residents have much better situation. Many employers have bought for their employees group or supplementary medical insurance, and employers deduct from employees’ payrolls a small percentage of their monthly incomes.
Medical education.
Modern medical education in China started in the early 20th century. Universities, colleges and institutes, which make up China's higher educational system, offer four- or five-year undergraduate programs as well as special two- or three-year programs. To control the medical education standard the Chinese ministry of education set up a quality control regulation on medical education, this regulation specially for English medium undergraduate medical education.

</doc>
<doc id="2913442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913442" title="Hawkinsara">
Hawkinsara

Hawkinsara, abbreviated Hknsa. in the horticultural trade, is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids, with parent genera "Broughtonia", "Cattleya", "Laelia" and "Sophronitis".

</doc>
<doc id="2913446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913446" title="Luis Vernet">
Luis Vernet

Luis Vernet (born Louis Vernet in 1791; died in 1871) was a merchant from Hamburg of Huguenot descent. Vernet established a settlement on East Falkland in 1828, after first seeking approval from both the British and Argentine authorities. As such, Vernet is a controversial figure in the history of the Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute.
Biography.
Vernet was born in Hamburg but later claimed a French birthplace in his effort to have the French Government intercede with the British Government on his behalf. As a result, some sources refer to him a native of Hamburg, while others refer to him as French born.
Vernet variously referred to himself as Ludwig, Louis, Lewis or Luis depending on the language he was using. He was multilingual, being fluent in German, French, English and Spanish.
Family background.
Elias Luis Vernet (Vernet and Louis Elie) was born on 6 March 1791 in Hamburg. His ancestors were Huguenots, probably from Avignon, who settled first in Belgium and then Hamburg. His parents were the tobacco and tea merchant Jacques Vernet (* 1730, † 1813) and Maria Vernet. He had three brothers, Peter Alexander, Emilio and Federico. 
At the age of 14, in 1805, he was appointed by his father to a trading company and sent to Philadelphia. There he joined the trading house of Krumbhaar, staying with Lewis Krumbhaar, who became a father figure. He became a merchant travelling to Portugal, Brazil and Hamburg.
Emigration to South America.
The U.S. government sent a diplomatic Commission to the newly independent United Provinces of Río de la Plata. Luis Vernet took passage in the frigate USS "Congress", arriving in Montevideo in February 1818 (whilst it was a Brazilian possession) and on to Buenos Aires. He remained in Buenos Aires and organized a trading company with the port of Hamburg. 
Together with the Montevideo-based Conrado Rücker († 1866, Hamburg), he ran a trading company until 1821 . Rücker was also his best man when he on 17 August 1819 he wed María Saez Pérez (* 1800; † 1858) from Montevideo . With her he had seven children: Luis Emilio, Luisa, Sofia, Malvina (* 1830, † 1924), Gustavo, Carlos Federico.
Later he established an Estancia about 100 km south of Buenos Aires on the Río Salado, where he captured and slaughtered wild cattle. At this stage this represented the border of the colonised areas.
Falkland Islands venture.
In 1823, the United Provinces of the River Plate granted fishing rights to Jorge Pacheco and Luis Vernet. Travelling to the islands in 1824, the first expedition failed almost as soon as it landed, and Pacheco chose not to continue with the venture. Vernet persisted, but the second attempt, delayed until Winter 1826 by a Brazilian blockade, was also unsuccessful. The expedition intended to exploit the feral cattle on the islands but the boggy conditions meant the Gauchos could not catch cattle in their traditional way. Vernet was by now aware of conflicting British claims to the islands and sought permission from the British consulate before departing for the islands.
Vernet was owed money by the United Provinces government and the settlement in the Falkland Islands was offered in partial restitution of that debt. In 1828, the United Provinces government granted Vernet all of East Falkland including all its resources, and exempted him from taxation if a colony could be established within three years. He took settlers, later joined by the British Captain Matthew Brisbane (who had sailed to the islands earlier with Weddell), and before leaving once again sought permission from the British Consulate in Buenos Aires. The British asked for a report for the British government on the islands, and Vernet asked for British protection should they return. Vernet arrived in Puerto Soledad in 1829 and reverted to the use of the original French name as "Puerto Luis". Vernet was anxious to establish the colony quickly due to the promise that it would be free from taxation if it could be established within 3 years.
Vernet was appointed as Military and Civil Commander of Falkland Islands and the Islands adjacent to Cape Horn by the Government of Buenos Aires (his appointment was in the name of the Republic of Buenos Aires). A proclamation naming Vernet as Governor was issued by the Government in Buenos Aires on 10 June 1829. The proclamation followed his petition to the Government to provide a warship to police the settlement. That request was refused and instead the proclamation issued giving Vernet the authority to act with his own means. 
The appointment of Vernet was challenged by the British consul in Buenos Aires, who restated the previous British claim to the Islands. In response to the announcement of his appointment as Governor, Vernet stressed to the British that his interests were purely commercial.
Vernet was granted a monopoly on seal hunting and one of his first acts was to curb seal hunting on the Islands by others, to conserve the seal population for his own dealings. This act was disputed by both the British and American consuls in Buenos Aires, each asserting their right to continue exploiting the natural resources in the islands. In 1831, Vernet seized the American ships "Harriet", "Breakwater" and "Superior" for breaking his restrictions on seal hunting. Property on board the ships was seized and the "Harriet" along with her captain returned to Buenos Aires to stand trial, with Vernet also returning for the trial. As a result, in 1831 the USS "Lexington" raided the islands. On January 1833 a British task force re-established British rule on the Falkland Islands, ending the influence of Buenos Aires over them.
Vernet's role in the dispute over the Falkland Islands.
Vernet never set foot in the Falklands again. Recognising that Vernet had British permission to be in the islands, the settlement in the Falklands was encouraged to continue. Vernet's deputy, Matthew Brisbane, returned in March 1833 and endeavoured to resurrect the settlement but later that year was murdered alongside senior members of the settlement by disgruntled Gauchos.
The settlement at Port Louis was left in a derelict state following the murders, Lt Smith the first British resident set about making the buildings habitable. As a naval settlement the issue of Vernet's property became a matter for the admiralty and initially Lt Smith was instructed to take care of Vernet's property and provide accounts to Vernet. 
In Buenos Aires, Vernet was effectively bankrupt and attempts to obtain compensation from the US Government for losses from the "Lexington" raid proved fruitless. The situation in Buenos Aires was chaotic and diplomatic relations with the US remained ruptured till 1839. He made several approaches to the British Government asking for support to re-establish his business at Port Louis, receiving support from Woodbine Parish (British chargé d'affaires in Buenos Aires from 1825 to 1832) as the best qualified person to develop the islands.
Vernet wrote to Lt Smith offering advice, which was gratefully received and acted upon. Lt Smith repeatedly urged Vernet to return to Port Louis but as Vernet became increasingly involved in the territorial dispute with the Government in Buenos Aires all communications ceased and no more accounts were sent. An approach to Lt Lowcay to retrieve his property was rebuffed but later he was requested to remove his property as the Government could not be responsible for it.
Nevertheless Vernet continued to influence the development of the Falkland Islands. He sold part of his holdings in the islands to British merchant G.T. Whittington, who formed the Falkland Islands Commercial Fishery and Agricultural Association. This organisation was a key factor in persuading the British Government to establish a colony in the islands, rather than a military base. He provided Samuel Lafone, a businessman key to the formation of the Falkland Islands Company, with maps of the island and knowledge of the potential of the feral cattle population of the islands.
Later years.
Vernet returned to Buenos Aires and in 1869 signed a contract with his eldest son to pursue claims against the US Government for the "Lexington" raid, against Britain for unsatisfactory compensation and against Silas E. Burrows, owner of the "Superior" for breaking the contract signed by Captains Davison and Congar in 1831.
Luis Vernet died in San Isidro, Buenos Aires, in 1871, and was interred in La Recoleta Cemetery.
The Vernet family persisted with the claims. In 1868, whilst Vernet was still alive, the Argentine government had granted Isla de los Estados part of Vernet's original 1828 concession to Luis Piedra Buena. His sons successfully petitioned the Argentine Government and received compensation for this loss but not for the loss of East Falkland. In 1884, he received support from the Government of President Julio Argentino Roca who reopened both the "Lexington" claim with the US and the Falklands claim with Britain. The US Government of President Cleveland rejected the claim in 1885. Argentine government protests over the Falklands had ceased with the signing of the but were revived in the "Affair of the Map" in 1884.
Legacy.
Vernet is considered as a national hero in Argentina as he was proclaimed Military and Civil Commander of Falkland Islands and the Islands adjacent to Cape Horn by the Republic of Buenos Aires in 1829, on the other he is perceived as an unpatriotic merchant who acted in his own interest and made a pact with the British. The US Government accused Vernet of piracy, whilst the British regard him as an entrepreneur who began the opening up of the Falkland Islands economy.
Vernet was a complex character who impressed almost everyone who met him as a man of intelligence, charm and drive. He was not always truthful in what he said and his falsehoods have sometimes misled historians.

</doc>
<doc id="2913457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913457" title="Floodability">
Floodability

Floodability may refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="2913458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913458" title="Laeliocatonia">
Laeliocatonia

Laeliocatonia is a nothogenus of intergeneric orchid hybrids descended from the parent genera "Laelia", "Cattleya" and "Broughtonia". It is abbreviated Lctna. in the horticultural trade.

</doc>
<doc id="2913468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913468" title="James Ishmael Ford">
James Ishmael Ford

James Ishmael Ford (Zeno Myoun, Roshi) is an American Zen Buddhist priest and Unitarian Universalist minister. He was born in Oakland, California on July 17, 1948. He earned a BA in psychology from Sonoma State University, as well as an MDiv and an MA in the Philosophy of Religion, both from the Pacific School of Religion.
Biography.
Ford began his Zen studies in 1968 at the Berkeley Zen Center under the direction of Mel Weitsman, later Weitsman, Roshi. He was ordained unsui and received Dharma transmission from the late Jiyu Kennett Roshi. After leaving Kennett Roshi's Shasta Abbey and for a brief time exploring other religious traditions including the Episcopal Church, the western Gnostic tradition and Inayat Khan Sufism, Ford pursued Zen koan introspection for nearly twenty years with the Sanbo Kyodan derived Harada-Yasutani Zen master Dr John Tarrant, with whom he completed formal training and from whom he received Inka Shomei in 2005. 
Ford also began to be seriously involved in Unitarian Universalism at about the same time he began his work with Tarrant Roshi. After completing theological studies he became a Unitarian Universalist minister, serving Unitarian Universalist congregations in Wisconsin and Arizona before becoming senior minister of the First Unitarian Society in Newton, MA in 2000. In May 2008 First Unitarian Church of Providence, RI called him to its pulpit; he began his ministry there in the summer of that year.
He also maintained his relationships within the Soto community, and in 2004 Ford participated in the first Dharma Heritage ceremony of the forming North American Soto Zen Buddhist Association. This event, designed to be the equivalent of the Japanese Soto Zuisse ceremony, was a public acknowledgment of Ford (among others) as a senior member of the North American Zen community. Ford, a past president of the Unitarian Universalist Buddhist Fellowship, was the first Unitarian Universalist minister to be named a Zen master.
Ford is currently a teacher at Boundless Way Zen, a network of Zen meditation groups mostly in eastern Massachusetts. He joins in this project with David Rynick, a Dharma successor of Zen Master George Bowman in the Korean lineage of Zen Master Seung Sahn and Rynick's wife and Ford's Dharma heir, Melissa Myozen Blacker. The Boundless Way appears to be the first Western Zen community to attempt to blend several lineages into a single organization.
Ford is co-editor of "The Transient and Permanent in Liberal Religion", and is the author of "This Very Moment: A Brief Introduction to Buddhism and Zen for Unitarian Universalists", both published by Skinner House Books. He is also the author of a study of Zen teachers and communities in North America, "Zen Master Who? A Guide to the People and Stories of Zen", the co-editor of "The Book of Mu: Essential Writings on Zen’s Most Important Koan", and the author of "If You're Lucky, Your Heart Will Break: Field Notes from a Zen Life" from Wisdom Publications.
Ford sees himself as part of a westernized Zen which is still evolving in important areas. In his dharma talks and teishos he regularly draws attention to the fact that Zen, as it is practiced in the West, often blends classic Zen Buddhism and its practices with a Western rationalist and humanistic understandings. "Liberal Zen", as he chooses to call it in contradistinction to "traditional Zen," may differ considerably from traditional Zen, particularly as practiced in the social and cultural milieu of its Asian sources. The inclusion of women and homosexuals on equal footing with other practitioners, the emphasis on lay practice, and a concern that spiritual insights lead to ethical and social engagement represent a few of the areas in which liberal Zen may be seen to vary from a more traditionalist perspective. Ford regards the tensions between these perspectives as one of the great creative opportunities for practice in the West, while also taking care to warn his students not to mistake their own concerns with social justice or political progressivism with the attitudes of the Buddha.

</doc>
<doc id="2913470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913470" title="Laeliocattleya">
Laeliocattleya

Laeliocattleya is a nothogenus of intergeneric orchid hybrids descended from the parental genera "Laelia" and "Cattleya". It is abbreviated Lc. in the horticultural trade.
Due to the recent decision by the RHS (the international orchid registration authority) to recognize the reduction of the Brazilian "Laelias" and the entire genus "Sophronitis" to synonymy under "Cattleya", many hybrids which have previously been described as Laeliocattleyas are now classified as "Cattleyas". (e.g. "C". George Cutler)

</doc>
<doc id="2913483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913483" title="Otaara">
Otaara

Otaara, abbreviated Otr. in the horticultural trade, is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids, with "Brassavola", "Broughtonia", "Cattleya", "Laelia" and "Sophronitis" as parent genera.

</doc>
<doc id="2913498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913498" title="Potinara">
Potinara

Potinara, abbreviated Pot in the horticultural trade, is the nothogenus comprising those intergeneric hybrids of orchids which have "Brassavola", "Cattleya", "Laelia" and "Sophronitis" as parent genera.
It can easily be imagined that a combination of all the desirable qualities of the four genera would be an outstandingly handsome thing. However, plants in which all the desired qualities show up occur in only a small proportion of the offspring, and the percentage of plants homozygous for all qualities even less often. A rather extensive breeding program would be necessary to achieve the ideal results. Many lovely combinations do occur in Potinara crosses, although relatively few have been made.
The search for a way to breed large red hybrids has been given a new boost with the discovery of "Cattleya milleri". It is hoped that this species will not offer the genetic difficulties that have plagued hybridists using Sophronitis. Some encouraging results have already been achieved. ("C. milleri" is one of the grandparents of the pictured Brassocattleya Hoku Gem.)
History.
In 2008, the genus "Sophronitis" was merged into "Cattleya", making such nothogenera as Potinara, Sophrolaeliocattleya and Sophrocattleya no longer current, but only of historical interest. At the same time, several species of "Cattleya" which had been widely used in hybridization were moved into the new genus "Guarianthe". (Two species of "Brassavola", "B. digbyana" and "B. glauca" had been moved into the new genus "Rhyncholaelia" earlier in the decade.) As a result, greges which were once classified in Potinara are now found in several genera and nothogenera.

</doc>
<doc id="2913502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913502" title="Tautological bundle">
Tautological bundle

In mathematics, the tautological bundle is a particular natural vector bundle occurring over a Grassmannian: each Grassmannian has a single tautological bundle. In the case of projective space this is known as the "tautological line bundle." The older term "canonical bundle" has dropped out of favour, on the grounds that "canonical" is heavily overloaded as it is, in mathematical terminology, and (worse) confusion with the canonical class in algebraic geometry could scarcely be avoided.
Grassmannians by definition are the parameter spaces for linear subspaces, of a given dimension, in a given vector space "W". If "G" is a Grassmannian, and "V""g" is the subspace of "W" corresponding to "g" in "G", this is already almost the data required for a vector bundle: namely a vector space for each point "g", varying continuously. All that can stop the definition of the tautological bundle from this indication, is the (pedantic) difficulty that the "V""g" are going to intersect. Fixing this up is a routine application of the disjoint union device, so that the bundle projection is from a total space made up of identical copies of the "V""g", that now do not intersect. With this, we have the bundle.
The projective space case is included: see tautological line bundle. By convention and use "P"("V") may usefully carry the tautological bundle in the dual space sense. That is, with "V"* the dual space, points of "P"("V") carry the vector subspaces of "V"* that are their kernels, when considered as (rays of) linear functionals on "V"*. If "V" has dimension "n" + 1, the tautological line bundle is one tautological bundle, and the other, just described, is of rank "n".

</doc>
<doc id="2913505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913505" title="Ariobarzanes">
Ariobarzanes

Ariobarzanes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2913506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913506" title="Schombocattleya">
Schombocattleya

Schombocattleya (from "Cattleya" and "Schomburgkia", its parent genera) is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids. The genus is abbreviated Smbc. in the horticultural trade.

</doc>
<doc id="2913509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913509" title="Obukhovskii 12&quot;/52 Pattern 1907 gun">
Obukhovskii 12&quot;/52 Pattern 1907 gun

The Obukhovskii 12"/52 Pattern 1907 gun was a Russian and Soviet 305 mm (12 inch) naval gun. It was the most powerful gun to be mounted aboard battleships of the Imperial Russian Navy. 
They followed the 12"/40 (30.5 cm) Pattern 1895 guns as used on the "Andrei Pervozvanny"-class battleships
History.
The guns were developed by the Obukhovskii Works, with the first prototype being completed in 1907. Allowable barrel life for pieces mounted aboard Black Sea Fleet units was 400 rounds per gun. The guns were considered excellent pieces, and were deployed aboard the "Gangut" and "Imperatritsa Mariya"-class dreadnoughts in triple turret mountings constructed by the Metallicheskii Works. These triple-gun turrets were designated "MK-3-12".
Coastal artillery.
In addition to being deployed aboard the "Gangut" class and "Imperatritsa Mariya"-class battleships, these pieces were also emplaced as coastal artillery in the Peter the Great Naval Fortress along the Tallinn-Porkkala defensive line in 1917, as well as being mounted as railway guns.
Between wars in Soviet Union were placed four four-gun batteries around the Baltic, two four-gun batteries in Sevastopol and two six-gun batteries in Vladivostok. 
Some of these guns were captured by the Germans in World War II and used in the "Mirius" battery in Guernsey (occupied Channel Islands).
1938 Railway gun TM-3-12.
Three railway guns were built, using guns from the sunken battleship "Imperatritsa Mariya", which had been lost to a magazine explosion in Sevastopol harbor in October 1916. They were used in the Soviet-Finnish war in 1939-1940. In June–December 1941 they took part in the defense of the Soviet naval base on Finland's Hanko peninsula (Rus. Gangut/ Гангут). They were disabled by Soviet seamen when the base was evacuated, and were later restored by Finnish specialists using guns from the withdrawn Russian battleship "Imperator Aleksandr III". After the war these were handed over to the Soviet Union, and they were maintained in operational condition until 1991, and withdrawn in 1999. When withdrawn from service, they were the last battleship-caliber Obukhov pieces still operational in the world.
<br style="clear:left;" >

</doc>
<doc id="2913511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913511" title="Poltava (disambiguation)">
Poltava (disambiguation)

Poltava may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2913514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913514" title="× Sophrocattleya">
× Sophrocattleya

× "Sophrocattleya" (from "Cattleya" and "Sophronitis", its parent genera) is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids. The genus is abbreviated Sc. in the horticultural trade.

</doc>
<doc id="2913517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913517" title="Punisher P.O.V.">
Punisher P.O.V.

Punisher P.O.V. is a four-issue comic book limited series featuring Frank Castle, also known as the Punisher. The series was published in 1991 and written by Jim Starlin with art by Bernie Wrightson.
Plot.
The four-issue series revolves around the Punisher hunting down a former 1960s radical who was released from prison only to be horribly disfigured when a bomb he and his friend were working on exploded. After exposure to toxic waste, the disfigured radical becomes almost unkillable due to the chemicals mutating him, giving him an accelerated healing factor.

</doc>
<doc id="2913522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913522" title="× Sophrolaelia">
× Sophrolaelia

× "Sophrolaelia" (from "Sophronitis" and "Laelia", its parent genera) is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids. It is abbreviated Sl. in the horticultural trade.

</doc>
<doc id="2913532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913532" title="× Sophrolaeliocattleya">
× Sophrolaeliocattleya

× "Sophrolaeliocattleya" (from "Sophronitis", "Laelia" and "Cattleya", its parent genera) is a nothogenus of artificial intergeneric orchid hybrids. It is abbreviated as Slc. in the horticultural trade.
Anatomy, morphology and habit.
× "Sophrolaeliocattleya" often shows the influence of its "Sophronitis" parent strongly; its flowers tend to range through yellow-orange to red, they tend to be smaller, and the general habit of the plant tends to be comparatively compact, all characteristics shared with "Sophronitis".
Etymology and taxonomic history.
This nothogeneric epithet is derived by putting together the component genera: "Sophronitis" (combining form sophro), "Laelia" (combining form laelio) and "Cattleya"; it is capitalized and is not italicized because it is a nothogeneric epithet. By 1999, the component genera had been rather stable (with the exception of the discovery of new species) for many decades.
In 2000, many (if not most) of the species of "Laelia" which had been used in producing Slc. hybrids were moved into the genus "Sophronitis". As a result, many greges which had been in × "Sophrolaeliocattleya" were moved into the nothogenus × "Sophrocattleya", abbreviated Sc.
In 2008, the genus "Sophronitis" was merged into "Cattleya", making the nothogenera × "Sophrolaeliocattleya" and × "Sophrocattleya" defunct. At the same time, several species of "Cattleya" which had been widely used in hybridization were moved into the new genus "Guarianthe". As a result, greges which were once classified in × "Sophrolaeliocattleya" are now found in several genera and nothogenera:
Importance to humans.
× "Sophrolaeliocattleya" and other "Sophronitis" hybrids are commonly crossed to produce a desirable orange or red bloom not generally present in "Cattleya" hybrids not involving "Sophronitis", and the compact shape is well suited for artificial light gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="2913560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913560" title="Bronzing">
Bronzing

Bronzing is a process by which a bronze-like surface is applied to other materials (metallic or non-metallic). Some bronzing processes are merely simulated finishes (patinas) applied to existing metal surfaces, or coatings of powdered metal that give the appearance of a solid metal surface. In other cases, an actual layer of heavy copper is electroplated onto an object to produce a bronze-like surface. This electroplating is the method traditionally used for "bronzing" of baby shoes, but to electroplate a non-conductive item like a baby shoe, a conductive material must first be applied, then the copper plating is done.

</doc>
<doc id="2913562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913562" title="Meiracyllium">
Meiracyllium

Meiracyllium, abbreviated as Mrclm in horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids and the sole genus of the subtribe Meiracyllinae. It is native to Mexico and Central America. At present (June 2014), two species are recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="2913563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913563" title="Textulariida">
Textulariida

The Textulariida is an order of foraminifera that produce agglutinated shells or tests. An agglutinated test is one made of foreign particles glued together with an organic or calcareous cement to form an external shell on the outside of the organism. Commonly the order had been made up of all species of foraminifera with these types of shells but genetic studies indicate these organisms do not form an evolutionry group, and several superfamilies in the order have been moved to the order Allogromiida. The remaining forms are sometimes divided into three orders: the Trochamminida and Lituolida which have organic cement and the Textulariida "sensu stricto" which use a calcareous cement. All three orders or superfamilies are known as fossils from the Cambrian onwards.
References.
Loeblich, A.R. and H. Tappan. 1984. Suprageneric classification of the Foraminiferida (Protozoa). Micropaleontology 30(1):1-70 <br>
_____ -- _____ 1988 : Classification of the Foraminifera<br>
Sen Gupta Barun K. 1992 Systematics of Modern Foraminifera <br>
Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology Part C Protista 2, 1964 . Geological Society of America and University of Kansas Press. R.C. Moore (ed) 

</doc>
<doc id="2913564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913564" title="John Keay">
John Keay

John Keay (born 1941) is an English journalist and author specialising in popular histories of India and the Far East, often with a particular focus on their colonisation and exploration by Europeans.
Life and career.
John Keay was born in Devon, England, to parents of Scottish origin. He studied at Ampleforth College in York before going on to read Modern History at Oxford University. Among his teachers at Oxford were the historian A.J.P. Taylor and the future playwright Alan Bennett. Keay was a resident of Magdalen College.
In 1965 he visited India for the first time. He went to Kashmir for a fortnight's trout-fishing and liked it so much that he returned the following year, this time for six months. It was during his second stay in Kashmir that Keay decided upon writing as a career. He joined the staff of "The Economist" and returned to India several times as its political correspondent. He also started contributing stories to BBC Radio.
In 1971 he gave up his correspondent's job in order to write his first book, "Into India", which was published in 1973. Keay followed it with two volumes about the European exploration of the Western Himalayas in the 19th century: "When Men and Mountains Meet" (1977) and "The Gilgit Game" (1979). These two books were later combined into a single-volume paperback by John Murray.
In the 1980s he worked for BBC Radio as a writer and presenter, and made several documentary series for BBC Radio 3. He also made programmes for BBC Radio 4. During this time he wrote "India Discovered", the story of how British colonialists came to find out about the great artefacts of Indian culture and architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="2913568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913568" title="Retirement savings account">
Retirement savings account

A retirement savings account is a type of retirement plan account that is envisioned to replace all three different types of individual retirement accounts that are currently used in the United States: traditional IRA, Roth IRA and Simple IRA. Contributions would be made on an after-tax basis. This is a major part of what the George W. Bush Administration's so called "ownership society."

</doc>
<doc id="2913588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913588" title="Currency pair">
Currency pair

A currency pair is the quotation of the relative value of a currency unit against the unit of another currency in the foreign exchange market. The currency that is used as the reference is called the counter currency or quote currency and the currency that is quoted in relation is called the base currency or transaction currency.
Currency pairs are sometimes then written by concatenating the ISO currency codes (ISO 4217) of the base currency and the counter currency, separating them with a slash character. Often the slash character is omitted. A widely traded currency pair is the relation of the euro against the US dollar, designated as EUR/USD. The quotation "EUR/USD 1.2500" means that one euro is exchanged for 1.2500 US dollars. Here, EUR is the base currency and USD is the counter currency.
The most traded currency pairs in the world are called the "Majors". They involve the currencies euro, US dollar, Japanese yen, pound sterling, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, and the Swiss franc.
Syntax and quotation.
Currency quotations use the abbreviations for currencies that are prescribed by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) in standard ISO 4217. The major currencies and their designation in the foreign exchange market are the US dollar (USD), euro (EUR), Japanese yen (JPY), British pound (GBP), Australian dollar (AUD), Canadian dollar (CAD), and the Swiss franc (CHF).
As has been mentioned previously, the quotation "EUR/USD 1.2500" means that one euro is exchanged for 1.2500 US dollars. If the quote changes from EUR/USD 1.2500 to 1.2510, the euro has increased in relative value, because either the dollar buying strength has weakened or the euro has strengthened, or both. On the other hand, if the EUR/USD quote changes from 1.2500 to 1.2490 the euro is relatively weaker than the dollar.
Base currency.
The rules for formulating standard currency pair notations result from accepted priorities attributed to each currency.
From its inception in 1999 and as stipulated by the European Central Bank, the euro has first precedence as a base currency. Therefore, all currency pairs involving it should use it as their base, listed first. For example, the US dollar and euro exchange rate is identified as EUR/USD.
Although there is no standards-setting body or ruling organization, the established priority ranking of the major currencies is:
Historically, this was established by a ranking according to the relative values of the currencies with respect to each other , but the introduction of the euro and other market factors have broken the original price rankings.
Other currencies (the "Minors") are generally quoted against one of the major currencies. These pairs are also referred to as currency crosses, or simply crosses. The most common crosses are EUR, JPY, and GBP crosses.
The term "base currency" in the foreign exchange field is also used as the accounting currency by banks, and is usually the domestic currency. For example, a British bank may use GBP as a base currency for accounting, because all profits and losses are converted to the sterling. If a EUR/USD position is closed out with a profit in USD by a British bank, then the "rate-to-base" will be expressed as a GBP/USD rate. This ambiguity leads many market participants to use the expressions "currency 1" (CCY1) and "currency 2" (CCY2), where one unit of CCY1 equals the quoted number of units of CCY2.
The Majors.
The most traded pairs of currencies in the world are called the "Majors". They constitute the largest share of the foreign exchange market, about 85%, and therefore they exhibit high market liquidity.
The Majors are: EUR/USD, USD/JPY, GBP/USD, AUD/USD, USD/CHF and USD/CAD.
Nicknames.
In everyday foreign exchange market trading and news reporting, the currency pairs are often referred to by nicknames rather than their symbolic nomenclature. These are often reminiscent of national or geographic connotations. The GBP/USD pairing is known by traders as "cable" (also "the cable"), which has its origins from the time when a communications cable under the Atlantic Ocean synchronized the GBP/USD quote between the London and New York markets. The following nicknames are common: "Fiber" for EUR/USD, "Chunnel" for EUR/GBP, "Loonie" and "The Funds" for USD/CAD, "Aussie" for AUD/USD, "Guppy" for GBP/JPY, "Yuppy" for EUR/JPY, and "Kiwi" for the New Zealand Dollar NZD/USD pairing. New innovations include "Barney" for USD/RUB and "Betty" for EUR/RUB after the fictional characters the Rubbles in The Flintstones. Nicknames vary between the trading centers in New York, London, and Tokyo.
Care should be taken with the use of 'Betty, for EUE/RUB as, in London markets 'Betty' is used as a cockney slang for Cable as in Betty Grable = Cable = GBP/USD.
Cross pairs.
The currency pairs that do not involve the local currency are called "cross currency pairs", such as GBP/JPY when trading in the US. Pairs that involve the euro are often called "euro crosses", such as EUR/GBP. There are many local sites providing these types of local currency crosses
Trading.
Currencies are traded in fixed contract sizes, specifically called lot sizes, or multiples thereof. The standard lot size is 100,000 units of the base currency. Many retail trading firms also offer 10,000-unit (mini lot) trading accounts and a few even 1,000-unit (micro lot).
The officially quoted rate is a spot price. In a trading market however, currencies are offered for sale at an offering price (the "ask price"), and traders looking to buy a position seek to do so at their "bid price", which is always lower or equal to the asking price. This price differential is known as the "spread". For example, if the quotation of EUR/USD is 1.3607/1.3609, then the spread is USD 0.0002, or 2 pips. In general, markets with high liquidity exhibit smaller spreads than less frequently traded markets.
The spread offered to a retail customer with an account at a brokerage firm, rather than a large international forex market maker, is larger and varies between brokerages. Brokerages typically increase the spread they receive from their market providers as compensation for their service to the end customer, rather than charge a transaction fee. A bureau de change usually has spreads that are even larger.
Example: consider EUR / USD currency pair
EUR / USD – 1.33
Base currency/quote currency
In the above case, someone buying 1 EUR will have to pay 1.33 USD; conversely one selling 1 EUR will receive 1.33 USD (assuming no FX spread).
Forex traders buy EUR / USD pair if they believe that the Euro would increase in value relative to the US dollar, buying EUR / USD pair; this way is called going long on the pair; conversely, would sell EUR / USD pair, called going short on the pair, if they believe the value of the Euro will go down relative to the US dollar. A pair is depicted only one way and never reversed for the purpose of a trade, but a buy or sell function is used at initiation of a trade. Buy a pair if bullish on the first position as compared to the second of the pair; conversely, sell if bearish on the first as compared to the second.

</doc>
<doc id="2913594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913594" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport is located in the southwestern part of the state of Connecticut, and its boundaries are the same as that of Fairfield County, Connecticut. There are 82 parishes in the diocese. Its cathedral is St. Augustine in Bridgeport.
, the diocese is led by Bishop Frank Joseph Caggiano. He succeeds William E. Lori, appointed March 19, 2001, who served until 2012, when he was installed as Archbishop of Baltimore. The diocese was led by Msgr. Jerald A. Doyle as Diocesan Administrator until Caggiano, named by Pope Francis on July 31, 2013, was installed as bishop on September 19, 2013.
The diocese is one of 195 Roman Catholic dioceses in the United States. It is one of four dioceses in the Ecclesiastical Province of Hartford—the others are the Archdiocese of Hartford, the Diocese of Norwich and the Diocese of Providence.
The church with the greatest capacity in the diocese is St. Mary's Church on Elm Street in Stamford, built in 1928.
Sacred Heart in Georgetown is where Catholic writers Flannery O'Connor and Robert Fitzgerald worshipped in 1949-1952 when O'Connor was living in Ridgefield as a boarder with the Fitzgeralds. ("The working day as we set it up that fall began with early Mass in Georgetown, four miles away," Fitzgerald wrote.)
Size.
The diocese has more than 410,304 registered Catholics in Fairfield County, 44 percent of the total population.
Other statistics:
Priests, sisters, etc..
These figures from the Diocese are said to be accurate as of 2011:
History.
The Church in Fairfield County, in Connecticut and in America faced ongoing challenges through much of its history as diverse immigrant groups struggled to acclimate themselves to American culture. Another early challenge came from deep suspicions among many (although not all) Protestants.
Seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
In the seventeenth and much of the eighteenth century, Connecticut Puritan divines were vociferously anti-Catholic in their writings and preaching. Suspicion of the Church as a foreign political power and of Catholics as having loyalty to that power remained widespread into the 20th century.
"In the summer of 1781, Rochambeau and his army marched through Connecticut, encamping in the Ridgebury section of Ridgefield, where the first Catholic Mass Fairfield County was offered. His troops were mostly Catholic and were ministered to by priests whom history proudly remembers: Reverend Fathers Robin, Gluson, Lacy, and Saint Pierre." In 1780-1781, the small town of Lebanon, Connecticut, had the distinction of being the place in which the Catholic "Mass was first celebrated, continuously and for a long period, within the limits of the State of Connecticut." On June 26, 1881, St. Peter's parish, Hartford, celebrated "the centenary of the first Mass in Connecticut." 
Connecticut passed an act of toleration in 1784, allowing any Protestant to avoid taxes supporting the local Congregational Church who could show authorities a document proving membership and regular attendance at another church. In 1791 the same right was extended to all Christians. The act had little practical effect for Catholics, however, since there was no Catholic parish in the state.
Nineteenth century.
The first Catholic church in the state was started in 1829, in Hartford, the second began in 1832 in New Haven. By 1835 the rector of the New Haven church estimated there were 720 Catholics in Fairfield County, with Bridgeport the home of the biggest community—about 100 people.
On July 24, 1842, St. James the Apostle Church was dedicated by Bishop Fenwick at the corner of Washington Avenue and Arch Street in Bridgeport, which by then had a population of about 250 Catholics. The rector of the church was given responsibility for small Catholic communities of Derby and Norwalk. Catholics in Stamford, Greenwich and some other towns were ministered to by the Bridgeport rector and by Jesuit priests based at Fordham College in New York City.
The Diocese of Hartford was split off from the Diocese of Boston (which had covered all of New England) on November 28, 1843. The new diocese covered all of Connecticut and Rhode Island (which wasn't split off from the Hartford Diocese until decades later).
Twentieth Century.
The diocese was established August 6, 1953, from the Diocese of Hartford.
Parishes.
The following is a "sortable" list of parishes which are currently functioning in the Diocese of Bridgeport. "For example", to see the parishes listed alphabetically by town, click on the box at the top of the "Town" column. To find mass times and other information about a parish, click on the parish name. 
All information is taken from the records of the Diocese.
Education.
Primary and secondary level.
The diocese sponsors 32 regional elementary schools (with 9,974 students) including All Saints Catholic School in Norwalk, St. Aloysius School in New Canaan; and five diocesan high schools (with 2627 students). Two other Catholic high schools are directed by religious communities. Altogether, these schools educate nearly 14,000 youth (2,500 of whom are minorities and 1,700 are non-Catholics).
Higher education.
These three Roman Catholic schools in the diocese have more than 11,000 students:
Social services.
For the elderly.
The Diocese also sponsors nursing homes in Danbury, Stamford, and Trumbull; and eight "Bishop Curtis Homes" for the elderly in Bethel, Danbury, Greenwich, Stamford, Fairfield, and Bridgeport.
Other.
"Catholic Charities of Fairfield County, with 25 program offices throughout the county, provides the largest private network of social services in southwestern Connecticut," according to the diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="2913595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913595" title="Emery Roth">
Emery Roth

Emery Roth (, 1871 – August 20, 1948) was an American architect of Jewish descent who designed many of the definitive New York City hotels and apartment buildings of the 1920s and 1930s, incorporating Beaux-Arts and Art Deco details. His sons continued in the family enterprise, largely expanding the firm under the name Emery Roth & Sons.
Biography.
Born in Sečovce (), Austria-Hungary (now Slovakia) to a Jewish family, he emigrated to the United States at the age of 13 after his family fell into poverty upon his father's death. He began his architectural apprenticeship as a draftsman in the Chicago offices of Burnham & Root, working on the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893. There he met Richard Morris Hunt, who was impressed with his skills and invited Roth to work in his office in New York. Following Hunt's premature death in 1895, Roth moved to the office of Ogden Codman, Jr., a designer and decorator with a Newport clientele. In the interwar years, the firm of Emery Roth delivered some of the most influential examples of architecture for apartment houses in the at-the-time fashionable beaux art-style, especially in Manhattan. In 1938, Roth included his sons Julian and Richard as partners.
Emery Roth & Sons.
Despite the fact that Roth's sons, Julian and Richard, had joined the firm many years earlier, it was not until 1947 that the firm's name was changed to Emery Roth & Sons, approximately one year before Roth's death. Julian (1901–1992) specialized in construction costs and building materials and technology, while Richard (1904–1987) was named the firm's principal architect. In the 1950s and 1960s Emery Roth & Sons became the most influential architectural firm in New York and contributed substantially in changing the appearance of Midtown and Lower Manhattan. In that particular period of time Emery Roth & Sons designed dozens of speculative office buildings, mostly with curtain wall facades, which soon became a ubiquitous feature of the city. Beginning in the mid-1960s, the firm was also hired as associate architects in large-scale projects like the Pan Am Building (1963), the World Trade Center (1966–1973) and the Citicorp Center (1977). In the early 1960s, Richard Roth's son, Richard Roth, Jr. (b. 1933) became the third generation to join the firm, eventually rising to chief architect and shareholder. As the firm expanded and diversified over six decades, it remained a family business through the 1990s. Richard Roth was replaced as the company's CEO in 1993 by Robert Sobel, Roth's cousin. But only three years later, in 1996, the firm ceased to operate, apparently because of financial distress. Emery's great-grandson Richard Lee Roth is currently employed in the architectural profession and resides in South Florida.
The extensive architectural records and papers of both Emery Roth and Emery Roth & Sons are now held in the Department of Drawings & Archives at the Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library at Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="2913600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913600" title="Parks and open spaces in Merton">
Parks and open spaces in Merton

The London Borough of Merton is an outer London borough in the south west of the conurbation. Merton's parks and open spaces range in size from Mitcham Common and a major part of Wimbledon Common to the smaller gardens, sports grounds and recreation grounds within its boundaries.
The major areas of public open space in the Borough are:

</doc>
<doc id="2913610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913610" title="Chinaman's chance">
Chinaman's chance

"Chinaman's chance" means little or no chance at all. It is an American idiomatic expression, popular in the 19th and 20th centuries. The original phrase was that one had only a "Chinaman's Chance in Hell", but it morphed through usage into its current state.
History.
The historical context of the phrase comes from the old railroad and gold rush days of California, where many Chinese came to work as railroad workers for the First Transcontinental Railroad, especially the Central Pacific Railroad. In this employ, they were sought out for the demanding and dangerous jobs involving explosives, often for half the pay of the Mexican workers. Yet the Chinese faced higher taxes, denials of citizenship, and could not testify in court for violence against them.
According to the California Supreme Court, the Chinese "recognizno laws ... except through necessity, [brought with them their prejudices and national feuds, in which they indulgein open violation of law." The court also noted that their "mendacity is proverbial; [that they were a race of people whom nature has marked as inferior, and who are incapable of progress or intellectual development beyond a certain point ... they would not be granted the right to swear away the life of a citizen, ... the ... privilege of participating with us in administering the affairs of our Government."
Origins.
The "Chinaman's chance" originated from the early 19th century potentially from several events. One explanation is that at that time, Chinese migrant workers in the U.S. were sent into mines and construction sites to ignite dynamite, potentially with disastrous consequences. They were also lowered over cliffs by rope and boatswain's chairs to set dynamite to clear mountain and other obstructions to make way for the railroad construction. In this work, if they were not lifted back up before the blast, serious injury or death would result. Therefore the phrase a "A Chinaman's Chance" may have been coined in this context. 
Another explanation for the phrase is the California Gold Rush 1849. The travel time for news of the gold rush to reach China was quite long, and by the time Chinese from China arrived to prospect, many of the rich mines were already taken. These Chinese immigrants who missed out time-wise had to work with only those lands which had already been exploited or which were rejected by others, meaning these Chinamen had a slim chance of success. The historical record, however, indicates that many Chinese combined efforts with each other and did very well in the goldfields, introducing mining techniques then unknown to non-Chinese. 
According to "Nothing Like It in the World" by Stephen Ambrose, his book on building the railroad, the phrase was cemented by murders of Chinese that were condoned by state law. "In 1854, in a case heard in Nevada County, George W. Hall was convicted of murdering a Chinese man. On appeal to the State Supreme Court the decision was overturned because all of the evidence against him was from Chinese individuals." 
In film.
The phrase is used in Fritz Lang's "You Only Live Once", Frank Capra's "Lost Horizon" and also in Rob Cohen's "", when the character of Bruce Lee is on his way to America in a ship. This phrase is also uttered by James Dunn (Eddie Collins) in "Bad Girl" (1931) and Randolph Scott (Wyatt Earp) to Cesar Romero (Doc Halliday) in Frontier Marshal (1939 film)
References.
Notes
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="2913624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913624" title="Castelfranco Veneto">
Castelfranco Veneto

Castelfranco Veneto is a town and "comune" of Veneto, northern Italy, in the province of Treviso, by rail from the town of Treviso. It is approximately inland from Venice.
History.
The town originates from a castle built here by the commune of Treviso in the course of its strife against Padua (1195). In 1246 it was captured by Ezzelino IV da Romano, returning to Treviso after his death in 1259. In 1329 it was acquired by Cangrande I della Scala, lord of Verona. Ten years later, together with Treviso, it was handed over to the Republic of Venice, to which it belonged until 1797. Castelfranco then followed the history of Veneto.
Main sights.
The older part of the town is square, surrounded by medieval walls and towers constructed by the people of Treviso in 1211 (see Cittadella). The massive castle is noteworthy.
Castelfranco Veneto was the birthplace of the painter Giorgione, and the Cathedral (1723) contains one of his finest works, the "Madonna with St. Francis and Liberalis" (1504), but more commonly called "Pala del Giorgione". In the background, the towers of the old town may be seen. The painting was being restored in Venice, Italy; however, ceremonies were held for the return of 'La Pala' near the end of 2005.
The Cathedral itself was designed by Francesco Maria Preti, over an ancient Romanesque church. Other artpieces include seven fragments of frescoes by Paolo Veronese.
Transport.
Castelfranco Veneto railway station, opened in 1877, is a junction of three railway lines, the Trento–Venice railway, the Vicenza–Treviso railway and the Calalzo–Padua railway, respectively. As such, it is one of the busiest railway junctions in Veneto.

</doc>
<doc id="2913654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913654" title="Zacco (dynasty)">
Zacco (dynasty)

The Zacco family originated from Spain, where they are first recorded in when Stefano Zacco was a councillor of King Alfonso II of Aragon in the 12th century.
When Sicily became subject to Aragonese rule in 1282, following the Sicilian Vespers, the Zacco family arrived with King Peter I, various branches of the family were soon established in the principal cities of Sicily - Palermo, Modica, Lentini and Siracusa. Members of the Zacco family were active in the higher echelons of Sicilian society in the roles of Governors, the Church, the military, and the magistracy. 
The Palazzo Zacco, an important example of Sicilian Baroque, in Ragusa was purchased from the Melfi family by a branch of the Zacco family in the late 18th century. By 1848 the family were probably extant, as they are no longer listed in the "Sicilian Golden Book of Nobility" (Libro d'Oro).

</doc>
<doc id="2913658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913658" title="Cerignola">
Cerignola

Cerignola () is a town and "comune" of Apulia, Italy, in the province of Foggia, southeast from the town of Foggia. It has the third-largest land area of any "comune" in Italy, at , after Rome and Ravenna.
History.
Cerignola occupies the site of Furfane, a station on the Via Traiana between Canusium and Herdoniae.
It was a municipium during the Roman Empire and was rebuilt after a great earthquake in 1731, and has a considerable agricultural trade. In 1503 the Spaniards under Gonzalo de Córdoba defeated the French under Louis d'Armagnac (6th Duke of Nemours) below the town, a victory which ensured Spain the rule over the kingdom of Naples (see battle of Cerignola).
It is the native town of philologist Nicola Zingarelli, founder of the Zingarelli Italian dictionary, and syndicalist Giuseppe Di Vittorio. Achille LaGuardia, father of Fiorello LaGuardia, Mayor of New York, originated from here.
Rosso di Cerignola DOC.
The Italian wine DOC of Rosso di Cerignola is designated for red wine production only. Grapes are limited to a harvest yield of 14 tonnes/ha with the finished wine required to have at least 12% alcohol. The wine is a blend of at least 55% Uva di Troia, 15-30% Negroamaro, and up to 15% of an assortment of Sangiovese, Barbera, Montepulciano, Malbec and Trebbiano. If the wine is labeled as "Riserva" then the wine must have been aged at least two years in oak barrels/wood with a minimum alcohol level of 13%.
Transportation.
Cerignola has a station on the Pescara-Bari main railroad, served by regional trains. It has also a gate on the A14 Bologna-Taranto Motoryway and one on the A16 Napoli-Canosa Motorway. Provincial roads connect it to the main centre in the region as well.
Public bus service in the town is provided by STUC company.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Cerignola is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2913661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913661" title="Henry W. Keyes">
Henry W. Keyes

Henry Wilder Keyes (May 23, 1862June 19, 1938) was an American farmer, banker, and Republican politician from Haverhill, New Hampshire. Born in 1862 in Newbury, Vermont, he was raised in New Hampshire. His father was a prominent New England farmer, merchant, and railroad investor. Keyes graduated from Harvard with a B.A. in 1887.
Politics.
Keyes served in both houses of the New Hampshire state legislature before being elected Governor in 1916. Keyes later served eighteen years in the United States Senate. Keyes served on the Senate Appropriations Committee during the interwar period. He retired from the Senate only one year before his death.
Personal.
Keyes married future prolific author Frances Parkinson Keyes in 1903. He was 40, she was 18. They had three sons together. He died in 1938 in North Haverhill, New Hampshire, and is buried at the Oxbow Cemetery in Newbury, Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="2913662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913662" title="Michael McMahon">
Michael McMahon

Michael E. "Mike" McMahon (born September 12, 1957) is the former U.S. Representative for , serving from 2009 until 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was previously a member of the New York City Council.
The district includes all of Staten Island, plus all or part of the Gravesend, Bay Ridge, Bensonhurst and Dyker Heights neighborhoods in Brooklyn. He was defeated for re-election in 2010.
Early life, education and career.
McMahon is a lifelong resident of Staten Island. He is of German and Irish heritage. He grew up in the Stapleton neighborhood on the North Shore and attended parochial schools. He graduated from New York University in 1979, later obtaining a law degree from New York Law School. He then worked for Democratic State Assembly members Eric Vitaliano and Elizabeth Connelly. He joined the staff of City Councilman Jerome X. O'Donovan, whom he succeeded in the Council. Prior to being elected to public office, McMahon worked as a partner at O'Leary, McMahon & Spero in Staten Island.
New York City Council.
McMahon served as the Chair of the New York City Council's Sanitation Committee focusing on minimizing the use of trucks to transport garbage and also more evenly distributing the load of waste processing across the five boroughs.
Political positions.
In November 2009, McMahon voted along with 38 other Democrats against the Affordable Health Care for America Act and against the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in March 2010. 
He was the only member of the New York City Delegation to do so, and was only one of two New York Democrats, the other being Michael Arcuri, to vote against it.
Political campaigns.
2008.
On May 28, 2008, the Staten Island Democratic Committee endorsed McMahon to run for the Congressional seat in New York's 13th Congressional District being vacated by retiring 12-year incumbent Republican Vito Fossella. On September 9, 2008 McMahon defeated opponent Steve Harrison in the Democratic Party primary with 75% of votes to Harrison's 25%. Earlier, on June 11, 2008, McMahon had been endorsed by the city's 12 Democratic congressmen.
The 13th is considered to be the most conservative district of the 13 that divide New York City. It is based in Staten Island, which is the base of the city's Republican Party. However, the Republicans had considerable difficulty finding a replacement for Fossella on the ballot, eventually settling on former state assemblyman Robert Straniere. As a result, nearly all major pundits believed McMahon was almost certain to win the seat. Although Democrats have a 17-point edge in registration, its voters are somewhat conservative on social issues and matters regarding "law and order", which kept Republicans in the seat for over a quarter century.
In the November election, McMahon won in a landslide, taking 61 percent of the vote to Straniere's 33 percent. With his victory, New York City's congressional delegation became entirely Democratic for the first time in 76 years. This occurred despite the fact that John McCain narrowly carried Staten Island in the presidential election; a Democratic presidential candidate has carried Staten Island only three times since 1952.
2010.
McMahon was challenged by Republican and Conservative Party nominee Michael Grimm, a former FBI Special Agent, and Libertarian nominee Tom Vendittelli. Grimm won the election, defeating McMahon. He was one of a number of freshman Democrats who lost reelection in the GOP landslide of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2913676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913676" title="A Real Fine Place to Start">
A Real Fine Place to Start

"A Real Fine Place to Start" is a song written by Radney Foster and George Ducas, and recorded by American country music artist Sara Evans. It was released in May 2005 as the lead-off single to Evans' album "Real Fine Place". It reached the top of the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in September 2005, holding that spot for two weeks. This would also be her last Number One single until "A Little Bit Stronger" reached Number One in May 2011. On June 15, 2006, it was certified Gold by the RIAA.
Content.
"A Real Fine Place to Start" is an up-tempo contemporary country song, with prominent electric guitar and steel guitar fills. The song's narrator tells about being in love and getting to know a person from the beginning, describing this as "a real fine place to start."
The song was originally recorded by co-writer Radney Foster on his 2002 album, "Another Way to Go".
Music video.
The music video is mainly set in a desert with Evans singing the song in various places around the desert. In the beginning of the video a motorcycle is shown driving along a road in the middle in the desert with a couple in it. The couple then stops on the roadside and the video then shows the two holding hands and sitting on rocks in the desert. The couple exemplifies what the song is talking about. The video regularly shifts between Evans and the couple in the music video. While the video isn't showing the couple, it is showing Evans singing in various places in the desert, including desert rocks and by a bonfire. Towards the middle of the song, the video shows Evans performing with a band at night. The video also shows Evans playing her rhythmic guitar for a brief period of time. It was directed by Peter Zavadil.
The music video reached number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for the week of October 6, 2005.
Chart performance.
"A Real Fine Place to Start" spent approximately four months on the charts, becoming her fourth Number One hit of her career, on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in September 2005. It stayed at number one on the country charts for two weeks and was one of the biggest hits of the summer and of the year. The song also peaked at number 38 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Evans' fifth Top 40 hit on the Hot 100, and Evans' first single to chart on the U.S. "Billboard" Pop 100. 

</doc>
<doc id="2913677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913677" title="Maxim Gorky (disambiguation)">
Maxim Gorky (disambiguation)

Maxim Gorky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2913686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913686" title="Portland Wind Farm">
Portland Wind Farm

__NOTOC__
The Portland wind farm is one of Australia's largest wind farms. Located on the coast of south-western Victoria near the city of Portland, it consists of four separate sites, of which three have been completed. Completion of the entire 195 MW project is expected in 2011, at a capital cost of 330 million Australian dollars.
The project is expected to produce more than 500 GWh annually, enough electricity to power about 125,000 homes each year, and equal to more than 7% of Victoria’s residential electricity demand, or powering a city the size of Geelong. The project is being developed by Pacific Hydro.
History.
The Danish turbine manufacturer, Vestas, constructed a blade manufacturing facility at nearby Portland in August 2005. Blades from the plant were intended to support the project. Blades were ultimately sourced from overseas however, and the plant was closed down in December 2007. Vestas cited too little investment support from the Federal government as the reason for the closure.
The planning minister approved the construction of wind towers on the Portland capes, including Cape Bridgewater, against the recommendations of the a Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal hearing and of a government appointed panel.

</doc>
<doc id="2913693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913693" title="Brampton Canadettes Easter Tournament">
Brampton Canadettes Easter Tournament

Brampton Canadettes Easter Tournament is an annual 3½ day tournament for women's and girls' hockey teams. It has been held every year since 1967 and is hosted by the Brampton Canadettes in Brampton, Ontario. It bills itself as "The World's Largest Tournament Girls Hockey." Teams of all ages and categories compete. Teams from across Canada and the United States and from as far as England, Switzerland, Japan, Kazakhstan and Russia attend this international tournament.
Including championship finals, over 600 games are played. Each team competes in a minimum of 3 games each over the course of the tournament. There is no limit on the number of teams in a division. Thousands of players and spectators attend the tournament each year. 
The Intermediate AA and Midget AA divisions are highly scouted by local and American colleges and universities seeking recruits for varsity teams.

</doc>
<doc id="2913694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913694" title="Nicolai Eigtved">
Nicolai Eigtved

Nicolai Eigtved, also known as Niels Eigtved, (4 June or 22 June 1701 - 7 June 1754), Danish architect, introduced and was the leading proponent of the French rococo style in Danish architecture during the 1730s-1740s. He designed and built some of the most prominent buildings of his time, a number of which still stand to this day. He also played an important role in the establishment of the Royal Danish Academy of Art ("Det Kongelige Danske Kunstakademi"), and was its first native-born leader.
Youth and early training.
He was born Niels Madsen on the farm in Egtved village in Skjoldenæsholms Birk on the island of Zealand, Denmark to Mads Nielsen and Dorthe Hansdatter. He was trained locally as a gardener, and was promoted to a position at the Frederiksberg Palace Gardens ca. 1720.
July 1723 he got an opportunity to travel out of the country as a royal gardening apprentice. He travelled to Berlin and Dresden, among other places in Germany, earned his keep with jobs as a gardner, and learned to speak German.
Ten years in Poland.
From 1725 he lived in Warsaw, Poland, where he caught the attention of German architect and draughtsman Colonel Matthäus Daniel Pöppelmann, for whom he worked for several years. Pöppelmann was connected to the Saxon-Polish court under Frederick Augustus I, and got him a position as Second Lieutenant in the Saxon-Polish Engineer Corps.
Eigtved had the luck to come into a rich architectural environment, which was influenced by the presence of French immigrants such as Jean de Bodt and Zacharias Longuelune. Some of Pöppelmann’s assignments in those years, on which Eigtved would have probably participated, were the Augustus Bridge ("Augustusbruecke") in Dresden (1728), the extension of the Japanese Palace in Dresden (1727), drafts for the three-king church in Dresden new city (1723–1739), and a new large lock for the Saxon dynasty (ca. 1730).
In 1730 Eigtved was promoted to Lieutenant in Engineer Corps, and participated in the building of the ruler’s military camp near Zeithain. He made excellent military drawings, and became acquainted with Danish statesman General Poul Løvenørn, who after his return to Denmark interested Christian VI in Eigtved. The King summoned Eigtved to Denmark, and with the title of Captain he was dismissed from foreign service.
In service to Denmark.
He was made Danish Lieutenant in 1732, and Christian VI let Eigtved further educate himself in Italy between 1732 and 1735 in civil architecture. On his travel back to Denmark he stayed and made drawings in Vienna and Munich, where he became familiar with the rococo style seen in French architect François de Cuvilliés’s newly built Amalienburg Palace near Nymphenburg
Eigtved returned to Denmark in 1735 after twelve years’ absence. Building construction was at a fever pitch, with construction of Christiansborg Palace having been begun three years earlier. He was named Captain in the Engineer Corps, and named Royal Building Master with supervisory responsibility for Jutland and Funen in 1735.
Royal Building Master.
Thus began a lifelong rivalry with colleague Lauritz de Thurah, another Royal Building Master and the leading proponent of baroque architecture at the time. Eigtved became the king’s preferred architect, and Eigtved’s rococo style was the preferred building style. As a result, de Thurah was often overlooked, while Eigtved got the best assignments.
He participated along with German architect Elias David Hausser and Lauritz de Thurah in the interior construction of Christiansborg Palace, with wood sculpting by Louis August le Clerc. Eigtved and de Thurah, for the most part, divided up the interior assignments. Eigtved designed the king’s apartments, the main staircase, the chapel’s interior, the riding grounds, and the Marble Bridge ("Marmorbroen") and its two pavilions, and gave the castle its delicate Louis XIV style. Most of Eigtved’s accomplishments at Christiansborg were lost in the fire of 1794.
Hausser, who had been the original architect for the project, lost his influence as the younger de Thurah and Eigtved took on larger assignments in the castle project. In 1738 the king set up a royal buildings commission that would lead the continued work on the castle. The commission would be led by State Minister Count Johan Sigismund Schulin
At the same time Eigtved and de Thurah switched areas of responsibilities, where de Thurah gave up Copenhagen and the island of Zealand, in exchange for Eigtved’s Jutland Peninsula.
In 1742 Eigtved was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in the Engineer Corps, became a member of the Building Commission, and took over the role of leading architect for Christiansborg Palace from Hausser. 
Eigtved designed and built, along with Boye Junge, The Prince's mansion in Frederiksholm's Canal, 1743–1744, for the Crown Prince Frederik V. The building is now the National Museum ("Nationalmuseet"). 
At the same time, he also designed a mansion for Schulin of the Building Commission in Frederiksdal.
On 24 May 1743, he married Sophie Christine Walther, chambermaid to Princess Louise, at Frederickborg Castle Chapel. They had seven children, but only three lived to adulthood.
Between 1744 and 1745, Eigtved built a small pavilion for Privy Councillor J.S. Schulin on the Furesø Lake called Frederiksdal Pavilion. Credited with being the earlier example of "maison de plaisance" in Denmark, "it jointly had large and small rooms symmetrically ordered around the main axis' vestibule and constervatory. The mansard roof is the result of an alteration carried out by J.G. Rosenberg in 1752-1753, who while working on Frederiksdal also built Margård on northwest Funen, also inspired by French country estates." 
Foundation for the Royal Danish Academy of Art.
Around this same time he came in contact with the Drawing and Painting Academy ("Tegne- og Malerakademiet"), predecessor to the Royal Danish Academy of Art ("Det Kongelige Danske Kunstakademi"). Until then the Academy has had an impoverished existence with weak leadership. Eigtved overtook administrative responsibility for the Academy in 1745 after Hieronimo Miani’s departure as leader from Denmark. 
The Marble Bridge at Christiansborg was completed in 1744. He was named Church Inspector for Copenhagen, Kronborg, Antborskov, Vordingborg and Tryggevælde district in 1745.
In 1746 Frederik V ascended to the throne, and along with him came the powerful statesman and leader Court Marshal ("Hofmarshal") Adam Gottlob Moltke, who became Eigtved’s proponent in the court. 
On 28 December 1747 he made a proposal to create a stronger foundation for the Academy, which was approved by the King on 12 February 1748. In this way Eigtved took control of the Academy as its first strong administrator, and the first Dane in a leading position. In late summer 1748 the Academy moved to the floor above the Crown Prince's stables at Christiansborg Palace, where Eigtved also had his official offices.
A new Copenhagen district: Frederiksstad.
In 1748 it was 300 years since the Oldenburg family took the throne in Denmark, and in 1749 the 300-year jubilee of the coronation of Christian I of Denmark was commemorated with the establishment of a new district in Copenhagen called Frederiksstad. Heading the project was Moltke, and Eigtved was architect. The new Frederiksstaden district was built on the former grounds of Amalien Garden ("Amalienhave"), and became a fine example of European rococo architecture.
At the center of the district lay the four palaces at Amalienborg, including the Moltke Palace, today known as Christian VII’s Palace, surrounding the octagonal Amalienborg Plaza. In the middle of the plaza Moltke’s Danish Asiatic Company erected a monumental equestrian statue of Frederick VI designed by Jacques François Joseph Saly. The four palaces surrounding the plaxa were identical from the outside, but different on the inside. Moltke’s Palace was the most expensive, and had the most extravagant interiors. Its Great Hall ("Riddersalen") is acknowledged widely as perhaps the finest Danish rococo interior.
Eigtved also designed and built in the Frederikstaden district Frederiks Hospital, now the Danish Museum of Applied Arts (’’ Kunstindustrimuseet’’). 
Eigtved also led building work on one of the masterpieces of Frederiksstad— the centrally located Frederik's Church ("Frederikskirke"), now known as The Marble Church ("Marmorkirken").
Moltke, who was also Director for the Danish Asiatic Company, had Eigtved design a warehouse for the company on Christianshavn. The building called Eigtved’s Pakhus was built 1748-1750. During this same period of time Eigtved also worked on the expansion of Moltke’s estate Bregentved, which had been given to him by the King after his ascension to the throne.
He was promoted to Colonel in the Engineer Corps in 1749.
A change of direction and Eigtved's fall.
Eigtved became the Art Academy's first Director in 1751. But the winds of artistic change were already blowing, and Eigtved’s rococo style, which had been popular for so long, was about to suffer with the absolutist King's change of interest.
On 30 March 1754, on the King’s thirtieth birthday, the Academy moved to Charlottenborg, and became dedicated as the Royal Danish Academy of Art, after inspiration from France's Académie française. Eigtved was snubbed at the Academy of Art's opening ceremony when professor and royal portraist Carl Gustaf Pilo gave the welcoming speech to King Frederick V, not Eigtved. Eigtved was removed from the Director's position a few days later, and the directorship went to Frenchman sculptor Jacques Francis Joseph Saly. 
Also on the same day that the Academy was moved to Charlottenborg, the Eigtved-designed Moltke Palace was officially dedicated by the king.
Eigtved died two months later on 7 June 1754 in Copenhagen. At his death two of the four Amalienborg Palaces were complete, the two western palaces. The work that he had begun was continued by de Thurah strictly according to Eigtved’s plans. The palaces were finally completed in 1760. de Thurah tried unsuccessfully to get project leadership of the work on Frederick's Church, but was denied that role, which went instead to Nicolas-Henri Jardin on 1 April 1756.
He stands along with Laurids de Thurah as the leading architect of his time. His death probably saved him from the same type of long, agonizing downfall, as de Thurah had suffered, when his rococo style gave way to the King’s newly preferred neoclassicism and his newly preferred architect, Nicolas-Henri Jarden. Eigtved also built Sophienberg Palace in Rungsted, the old Royal Danish Teatre, and in 1753 helped extend Fredensborg Palace by adding four symmetrically positioned corner pavilions with separate copper pyramid-shaped roofs to the main building.

</doc>
<doc id="2913710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913710" title="Andrea Lowell">
Andrea Lowell

Andrea Lowell (born 1983) is an American actress and model most recognizable from her "Playboy" magazine nude pictorials and on air work for a variety of Playboy TV programs.
Career.
Currently, Lowell is the co-host of "The Playboy Morning Show" on Playboy Radio.
Personal life.
Lowell attended University of California where she pursued her Biology degree. She has appeared in numerous TV commercials, TV shows, movies and infomercials. In 2006, Andrea appeared on VH1's "The Surreal Life" and then came back the following season as a cast member of "".
On December 29, 2009, Lowell married longtime boyfriend James Kim, who is of Korean descent, in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="2913734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913734" title="Comana">
Comana

Comana is the name of several places:

</doc>
<doc id="2913735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913735" title="Passiflora tarminiana">
Passiflora tarminiana

Passiflora tarminiana is a species of passionfruit. The yellow fruits are edible and their resemblance to small, straight bananas has given it the name banana passionfruit in some countries. It is native to the uplands of tropical South America and is now cultivated in many countries. In Hawaii and New Zealand it is now considered an invasive species.
"P. tarminina" belongs to the "Tacsonia" subgenus of "Passiflora". It has been known under a number of different names and was only formally described in 2001.
Description.
"Passiflora tarminina" is a high climbing vine with hairy stems and petioles. Where the petioles join the stem it has stipules which are 4-7 by 2–3 mm and are soon deciduous. The leaves are three-lobed and hairy below but usually hairless above. The flowers are solitary and hang downwards. The base of the flower has pale green bracts enclosing a swollen nectary chamber. The floral tube (hypanthium) is 6-8 × 0.7–1 cm and pale green, while the sepals and petals are 3–6 cm long, pink and perpendicular to the floral tube, or reflexed. Fruits taper at both ends, are 10–14 cm long by 3.5-4.5 cm wide and ripen to yellow or light orange. The fruit contain many seeds which are embedded in an edible, orange aril.
"P. tarminina" is distinguished from "P. tripartita" var. "mollissima" by a number of features. "P. tarminina" has small deciduous stipules while "P. tripartita" var. "mollissima" has larger, persistent stipules. The sepals and petals in "P. tarminina" are perpendicular to the floral tube or are reflexed, whereas they are never so open in "P. tripartita" var. "mollissima". They are also both much shorter in relation to the length of the floral tube in "P. tripartita" var. "mollissima" than in "P. tarminina".
Taxonomy.
The correct taxonomic placement of this species has been problematic for some years. In South America it has been considered under "P. cumbalensis", "P. mollissima" or "P. tripartita" (the species which now includes "P. mollissima"), or as a hybrid. In Hawaii it was referred to as "P. mollissima". In New Zealand it was included under "P. mixta" although some sources also used the name "P. mollissima" for this species. It was described as a separate species distinct from any of these in 2001. The specific name recognises the Colombian agronomist Tarmín Campos.
Common names for "P. tarminiana" include banana passionfruit (Australia, New Zealand, Africa, Hawaii), curuba India, curuba ecuatoriana, curuba quiteña (Colombia), tacso amarillo (Ecuador), tumbo (Perú), banana pōka (Hawaii) (in the Hawaiian language the word pōka'a refers to tendrils - "that which is tied up in a ball like rope or twine"), northern banana passionfruit (New Zealand).
Distribution.
"P. tarminiana" is native to the uplands of tropical South America but the exact native range is uncertain as it has been widely cultivated in this region. It is found in the Colombian highlands and the Venezuelan, Peruvian and southern Ecuadorean Andes where it is cultivated from around 2000 – 3000 metres. 
It has naturalised in Australia, Guam, Hawaii, New Zealand and Zimbabwe. In both Hawaii and New Zealand it is regarded as an invasive species.
It is widely cultivated throughout the world, including California, Réunion, Mexico, Panama and Papua New Guinea.
Biology.
In the original description "Passiflora tarminina" is described as a cultigen and there is little information about its biology in the wild. Many members of the subgenus "Tacsonia" are restricted endemics and it is unclear whether the widely cultivated species (such as "P. tarminiana") are also local endemics which have been spread through widespread cultivation or whether they are naturally widespread species. The type specimen is from a cultivated rather than a wild plant.
Unlike many "Passiflora" species, "P. tarminiana" is self-compatible, although self-pollination is not considered important in the wild. The main pollinators in South America are believed to be hummingbirds or large bees, while in Hawaii birds were commonly observed robbing nectar but not transferring pollen. Bees and other insects were observed collecting pollen in Hawaii.
In Hawaii the seeds are dispersed by frugivorous animals. By far the most important disperser in Hawaii is the feral pig, which eats the fallen fruit and passes the seeds intact. Feral pigs seek out the fruit and when "P. tarminiana" occurs with feral pigs in Hawaii, the seeds are abundant in pig droppings. Germination is not enhanced by gut passage but pigs disturb the ground making a more favourable environment for germination of "P. tarminiana". Because their home range is typically one to two square miles, pigs contribute more to the peripheral expansion of "P. tarminiana" patches than long distance dispersal.
"P. tarminiana" invades both open and closed forest in Hawaii. It grows most rapidly in full sun but tolerates some shade. Growth is severely restricted at relative light intensities of less than 2%. Where the forest canopy is largely intact, "P. tarminiana" invades in canopy gaps formed when trees fall or die.
"P. tarminiana" hybridises with other members of the subgenus "Tacsonia".
Uses.
"Passiflora tarminiana" is cultivated for its edible fruit. It is the second most common species in cultivation in South America after "P. tripartita" var. "mollissima" and is considered more disease resistant than that species. The fruit are also eaten in New Zealand but in Hawaii the fruit is considered to be insipid.
The pink flowers are showy and it is also considered to be an ornamental species.
Control.
Three biological control agents have been released in Hawaii for the control of "Passiflora tarminiana". "Septoria passiflorae", a fungus, was released in 1996. There have been major epidemics that have substantially reduced the biomass of "P. tarminiana". This fungus requires wind and rain to spread and in some areas requires repeated inoculations to achieve control. Two moth species were also introduced, "Cyanotricha necryia", which failed to establish, and "Pyrausta perelegans", which suffered substantial levels of egg parasitism and has not become common.
Physical and chemical control methods have generally proved to be ineffective and uneconomic in Hawaii, although glyphosate has been successfully used to control "P. tarminiana" in "Acacia koa" forest.
"P. tarminiana" is controlled by land management agencies in some areas of New Zealand. Control is either by physical control (for example hand pulling of seedlings) or using herbicides. Biological control research is underway in New Zealand. The "Septoria" species from Hawaii was tested in containment in New Zealand and found to damage "Passiflora edulis" which is grown commercially. "Pyrausta perelegans" is undergoing host range testing.

</doc>
<doc id="2913737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913737" title="Farm Boy">
Farm Boy

Farm Boy is an Ottawa-based Eastern Ontario regional supermarket chain that sells primarily fresh produce, baked goods, organic foods, dairy, deli, meat, fish and some prepared products (usually with no additives or preservatives) including a private label line. The company started in December 1981, with its first store in Cornwall, Ontario.
Its primary jingle is "It's a farm boy day, so shop the farm boy way." Its current slogan can be found under the Farm Boy sign on its stores, "It's All About The Food."
History.
In December 1981, Jean-Louis Bellemare and Collette opened the first Farm Boy on Cumberland Street in Cornwall, Ontario. At that time, the modest 300 sq. ft. store sold only produce. The second Farm Boy was opened in February 1983 by brother Normand Bellemare in Cornwall.
By October of the next year, the Bellemare brothers joined together to open a Farm Boy on Sydney Street. This 5,000 sq ft (460 m2) store allowed them to expand their products beyond produce with dairy, deli, cheese and meat product lines. An in-store bakery and bulk food were also added.
Expansion.
By 1992, the success of Farm Boy in Cornwall allowed the family to expand their business into other regions; Orleans on Centrum Boulevard in 1992, Nepean in February 1996, Montreal Road in the Hillside Plaza in May 1997, Kanata on Hazeldean Road in November 1997, Blossom Park area in July 2003 and again in Orleans in December 2004. New stores were opened in 2006 at the Blue Heron Mall, on Bank Street, Barrhaven on Woodroffe Avenue, a store on Terry Fox Drive in the Kanata Signature centre in 2007 and Britannia off Richmond Road in 2011. In 2012 they opened a location at Place d'Orleans mall and it was the first store to offer an in store eating area. In 2012 Farm Boy also expanded to Kingston, their first store outside of the Ottawa area.
In the fall of 2003, the Bellemares created a Board of Directors to oversee the overall direction of the company and appointed Jeff York as the new President of Farm Boy in 2009. In 2012 two of the 3 Bellemare brothers stepped down as an investment group out of Boston invested in the company to help them grow. A new location is opening up in London, Ontario with the anticipated opening date in the fall of 2014. (Closer to Labour Day)

</doc>
<doc id="2913743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913743" title="Willey, Warwickshire">
Willey, Warwickshire

Willey is a rural village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire. In the 2001 census it had a population of 95.
Administratively it forms part of the borough of Rugby; geographically it is just west of the A5 road (Watling Street) that marks the county boundary with Leicestershire. However its proximity to the Fosse Way is indicated by its inclusion in the Fosse ward of the borough and the Fosse division of the county.
The village pub in Willey is called the ""Sarah Mansfield""; it gained that name in the 1970s, when the then licensee named it in honour of his grandmother.

</doc>
<doc id="2913762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913762" title="Foldamer">
Foldamer

In chemistry, a foldamer is a discrete chain molecule or oligomer that folds into a conformationally ordered state in solution. They are artificial molecules that mimic the ability of proteins, nucleic acids, and polysaccharides to fold into well-defined conformations, such as helices and β-sheets. The structure of a foldamer is stabilized by noncovalent interactions between nonadjacent monomers. Foldamers are studied with the main goal of designing large molecules with a predictable structures. The study of foldamers is related to the themes of molecular self-assembly, molecular recognition, and host-guest chemistry.
Design.
Foldamers can vary in size, but they are defined by the presence of noncovalent, nonadjacent interactions. This definition excludes molecules like poly(isocyanates) (commonly known as (polyurethane)) and poly(prolines) as they fold into helicies reliably due to "adjacent" covalent interactions., Foldamers have a dynamic folding reaction → folded, in which large macroscopic folding is caused by solvophobic effects (hydrophobic collapse), while the final energy state of the folded foldamer is due to the noncovalent interactions. These interactions work cooperatively to form the most stable tertiary structure, as the completely folded and unfolded states are more stable than any partially folded state.
Prediction of folding.
The structure of a foldamer can often be predicted from its primary sequence. This process involves dynamic simulations of the folding equilibria at the atomic level under various conditions. This type of analysis may be applied to small proteins as well, however computational technology is unable to simulate all but the shortest of sequences.
The folding pathway of a foldamer can be determined by measuring the variation from the experimentally determined favored structure under different thermodynamic and kinetic conditions. The change in structure is measured by calculating the root mean square deviation from the backbone atomal position of the favored structure. The structure of the foldamer under different conditions can be determined computationally and then verified experimentally. Changes in the temperature, solvent viscosity, pressure, pH, and salt concentration can all yield valuable information about the structure of the foldamer. Measuring the kinetics of folding as well as folding equilibria allow one to observe the effects of these different conditions on the foldamer structure.
Solvent often influences folding. For example, a folding pathway involving hydrophobic collapse would fold differently in a nonpolar solvent. This difference is due to the fact that different solvents stabilize different intermediates of the folding pathway as well as different final foldamer structures based on intermolecular noncovalent interactions.
Noncovalent interactions.
Noncovalent intermolecular interactions, albeit individually small, their summation alters chemical reactions in major ways. Listed below are common intermolecular forces that chemists have used to design foldamers.
Common designs.
Foldamers are classified into three different categories: peptidomimetic foldamers, nucleotidomimetic foldamers, and abiotic foldamers. Peptidomimetic foldamers are synthetic molecules that mimic the structure of proteins, while nucleotidomimetic foldamers are based on the interactions in nucleic acids. Abiotic foldamers are stabilized by aromatic and charge-transfer interactions which are not generally found in nature. The three designs described below deviate from Hill's strict definition of a foldamer, which excludes helical foldamers.
Peptidomimetic.
Peptidomimetic foldamers often break the previously mentioned definition of foldamers as they often adopt helical structures. They represent a major landmark of foldamer research due to their design and capabilities. The largest groups of peptidomimetic consist of β – peptides, γ – peptides and δ – peptides, and the possible monomeric combinations. The amino acids of these peptides only differ by one (β), two (γ) or three (δ) methylene carbons, yet the structural changes were profound. These peptide sequences are highly studied as sequence control leads to reliable folding prediction. Additionally, with multiple methylene carbons between the carboxyl and amino termini of the flanking peptide bonds, Varying R group side chains can be designed. One example of the novelty of β-peptides can be seen in the findings of Reiser and coworkers. Using a heteroligopeptide consisting of α-amino acids and cis-β-aminocyclopropanecarboxulic acids (cis-β-ACCs) the found the formation of helical sequences in oligomers as short as seven residues and defined conformation in five residues; a quality unique to peptides containing cyclic β-amino acids.
Nucleotidomimetic.
Nucleotidomimetics do not generally qualify as foldamers. Most are designed to mimic single DNA bases, nucleosides, or nucleotides in order to nonspecifically target DNA. These have several different medicinal uses including anti-cancer, anti-viral, and anti-fungal applications. However, some nucleotidomimetics do have foldamer properties. For example, antisense technology involves the target of a specific sequence of DNA or mRNA in the cell. These molecules are generally composed of several different nucleotide analogues attached together in a similar manner as DNA. These sorts of molecules do fold independently in solution in a similar fashion to single stranded RNA.
Abiotic.
Abiotic foldamers are again organic molecules designed to exhibit dynamic folding. They exploit one or a few known key intermolecular interactions, as optimized by their design. One example is oligopyrroles that organize upon binding anions like chloride through hydrogen bonding (see figure). Folding is induced in the presence of an anion: the polypyrrole groups have little conformational restriction otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="2913775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913775" title="Fort Livingstone (Saskatchewan)">
Fort Livingstone (Saskatchewan)

Fort Livingstone was founded as an outpost in Northwest Territories, Canada.
The outpost briefly served as the capital city for North-West Territories government for the years of 1874 to 1876, and headquarters for the North-West Mounted Police for the same period, until they moved headquarters to Fort Macleod, Alberta.
The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1923. It was also designated a provincial Protected Area in 1986. 
The nearest inhabited site is Pelly, Saskatchewan.

</doc>
<doc id="2913790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913790" title="Downlands Countryside Management Project">
Downlands Countryside Management Project

The Downlands Countryside Management Project established in 1988 is a partnership between six London and Surrey local authorities set up to manage an area of countryside of 130 km² across the south of Outer London. 
The main aims are the management of the rare chalk downland within the area; the development of an extensive network of trails (including the London Loop); and the improvements to signposting; rights of way; woodland and pond management.
The Project is supported by the boroughs of Sutton and Croydon; and by Surrey County Council; the City of London Corporation; the Surrey districts of Reigate and Banstead and Tandridge; and the Countryside Agency. An additional partner is Natural Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="2913792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913792" title="Devario affinis">
Devario affinis

Devario affinis is a freshwater , a cyprinid fish found in India, which grows up to in length.

</doc>
<doc id="2913805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913805" title="Campo de Cahuenga">
Campo de Cahuenga

The Campo de Cahuenga, near the historic Cahuenga Pass in present day Studio City, Los Angeles, California, was an adobe ranch house on the Rancho Cahuenga where the Treaty of Cahuenga was signed between Lieutenant Colonel John C. Frémont and General Andrés Pico in 1847, ending hostilities in California between Mexico and the United States. The subsequent Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo of 1848, ceding California, parts of Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, and Arizona (but not Texas since it had seceded from Mexico in 1836, declared itself a republic, and joined the union in 1845) to the United States, formally ended the Mexican-American War. From 1858 to 1861 the Campo de Cahuenga became a Butterfield Stage Station.
The original adobe structure was demolished in 1900. The city of Los Angeles provided funds for the purchase of the property in 1923, and a Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style replica "adobe" ranch house was built by the city following an effort led by Irene T. Lindsay, then President of the San Fernando Valley Historical Society, and dedicated on November 2, 1950. It is now a park and interpretive center managed by the City of Los Angeles's Department of Recreation and Parks in partnership with the Campo de Cahuenga Historical Memorial Association. Campo de Cahuenga is registered on the National Register of Historic Places, as California Historical Landmark No. 151, and as Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument No. 29.
The foundations of the original adobe were unearthed beneath Lankershim Boulevard during construction of the Metro Red Line subway. The parts of the foundations within the park are preserved as an exhibit, and the "footprint" of the foundations under the street and sidewalk is marked by decorative pavement. 
Campo de Cahuenga is often confused with the nearby Rancho Cahuenga, an inholding within the Rancho Providencia land grant, now part of Burbank.
The building is used by various organizations for special programs and regular meetings, and it is open with a docent on the first Saturday of each month, from 12:00 PM to 4:00 PM.

</doc>
<doc id="2913812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913812" title="Scout Association of Croatia">
Scout Association of Croatia

Scout Association of Croatia (, SiH) is the Croatian national Scouting organization. As part of Yugoslavia, Croatia was a founding member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1922 to 1948. Independently, Croatia has been a member of the World Organization since 1993. The coeducational Savez Izviđača Hrvatske has 3,827 members as of 2011.
Early history.
Prior to the origination of Scouting, Austria had the Scholar Excursion Society, established in Vinkovci in 1881. Similar to other organizations in then Austro-Hungary and which later appeared in other parts of Croatia, the Scholar Excursion Society provided experiences similar to Scouting to children as early military preparation. Scouting was first established in the region in Budapest in 1910. Scouting units spread from there, first into Istria (then under Italian control) in 1911. Scouting spreading from there into resort areas and other major cities. 
In 1913 German-speaking Sea Scout units were founded in Rijeka and Pula. In 1914 Egon de Lund founded the First Austria Sea Scout Corps (Erste Österreichisches Seepfadfinderkorps) in Mali Lošinj at the Nautic School (k.k.Nautische Schule). In 1918 a further Austrian Sea Scout Corps was founded in Opatija. Together with the Austrian Sea Scouts in Trieste these groups formed the geographical division Austrian Coastland (Landesverband Küstenland) of the Austrian National Scout organization Österreichischer Pfadfinderbund. In 1918 all units of this geographical division were disbanded.
Scouts in these areas assisted during World War I by helping refugees and battling fires, among other wartime needs.
Scouting continued to expand after the end of the war, and in 1922 a Scout Parish was created in Osijek for Croatia and Slovenia. According to the Parish journal, "Scout", in 1923 Croatia had 14 groups of Scouts. The first meetings of the World Scout Movement and WAGGGS, in 1922 and 1928 respectively, were attended by Yugoslavian Scouts.
Political interference.
In Yugoslavia, the king took patronage of the Scouts in 1923, but six years later the organization was banned along with others that did not include the word 'Yugoslav' in their titles. Scouts in Croatia continued with the checkerboard pattern from the coat of arms of Croatia as their emblem and standing openly against the monarchy. Scouts were banned in Croatia in 1946, after Young Pioneers began to appear during World War II in Partisan territory.
Scouting in Yugoslavia was coopted by the Tito government in 1950, at which time WOSM membership was forfeited, but Scouts continued in conjunction with the Pioneers. The Croatian Scouts' Day, recognized on May 19, commemorates the first training of Pioneer-Scouts in camp and excursion leadership, held from May 19 to May 25, 1950. Trainees in Zagreb worked from "Vožatago", a Russian manual that had been modified from the Scout handbook. These training sessions spread the Pioneer-Scouts across the region.
On November 24, 1951, the Scout Association of Yugoslavia, Savez Izviđača Jugoslavije, was established in Zagreb. The Scout movement grew and thrived until the Yugoslav breakup in 1991. Croatian Scouts again joined defense efforts, during which many were killed.
Scouting since break with Yugoslavia.
On June 2, 1991, Savez Izviđača Hrvatske broke ties with the Scout Association of Yugoslavia and reorganized, returning to its earlier principles of youth education. It received recognition by numerous western nations. On July 19, 1993, World Organization of the Scout Movement voted the Savez Izviđača Hrvatske to full membership. Croatian Scouts have participated internationally in Jamborees, including the 1st and 2nd European Scout Jamboree in 1994 and 2005 respectively, the 1996 Danish Jamboree, and every World Scout Jamboree since 1995.
There were 3,865 Scouts in 1998, and as of 2005 the count was 4,068. 
Among the group's programs is "The Sunrise City Project", which since 1993 offers an annual summer camp intended to assist children impacted by the 1991 war in reintegration to society.
Program and ideals.
There are four sections of Scouting based on age:
The Scout Motto is "Budi Pripravan", "Be Prepared" in Croatian. The membership badge of Savez izviđača Hrvatske incorporates the checkerboard pattern of the coat of arms of Croatia.
International Scout units in Croatia.
In addition, there are Girl Scouts of the USA Overseas in Zagreb, serviced by way of USAGSO headquarters in New York, as well as American Cub Scouts and Boy Scouts, linked to the Horizon District of the Transatlantic Council of the Boy Scouts of America, which supports units in west-and-central Europe, the Near East and North Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="2913818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913818" title="Daath">
Daath

Daath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2913820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913820" title="Great Milton">
Great Milton

Great Milton is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire, about east of Oxford.
History.
The toponym appears to refer to the "Middle Town" of a group.
The Domesday Book of 1086 records that Remigius de Fécamp, Bishop of Lincoln held a large estate of 31 hides of land at Great Milton. The estate had presumably belonged to the Diocese of Dorchester, of which Remigius had been consecrated bishop in 1070. The see of Dorchester had been absorbed into that of Lincoln in 1072, and Remigius had been translated to Lincoln as bishop of the newly united diocese.
The Domesday Book lists two water mills in the parish. By the time of the Hundred Rolls in 1279 there was a third watermill and in about 1500 there was a fourth mill. There is no known subsequent record of the third and fourth mills, but both of the others seem to have survived until the 17th and in at least on case the 18th century. By the 19th century both mills were disused. In 1322 there was at least one windmill in the parish, and possibly two. The parish still had two windmills in 1838 and about 1900.
In 1762 a fire destroyed 16 houses in the village.
By 1822 the parish had at least three public houses: the Bell, the Bull and the Red Lion.
Parish church.
The nave and chancel of the Church of England parish church of Saint Mary were built shortly after the Norman Conquest of England. The building was damaged by fire in the 13th century. During the 14th century the chancel was enlarged and the north and south aisles were added. At this time the church served a parish including the villages of Chilworth Valery and Chilworth Muzzard, the hamlets of Combe and Little Milton, and the manor of Ascot. In 1850 St. Mary's was restored at a cost of £2,000.
In 1552 St. Mary's had four bells plus a Sanctus bell, and in 1631 Ellis I Knight of Reading, Berkshire supplied a ring of five bells. Ellis II & Henry III Knight recast two of the bells in 1673 and Thomas Rudhall of Gloucester recast three more in 1771. Thomas Rudhall of Gloucester cast a further bell in 1772 and William Taylor cast a further bell in 1848, presumably at his Oxford bell-foundry. W. & J. Taylor also cast the present Sanctus bell, which dates from 1825.
St. Mary's has a church clock that was made in 1699 by Nicholas Harris of Fritwell.
Amenities.
The village has a public house, the Bull Inn, and a post office and general store. The manor house is now the French chef Raymond Blanc's restaurant and hotel, "Le Manoir aux Quat' Saisons".
Sports.
The village was also the original base of Great Milton Hockey Club, a mixed-sex field hockey team that plays annually in the Oxfordshire Gladiators' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2913830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913830" title="1974 CFL season">
1974 CFL season

The 1974 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 21st season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 17th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1974.
The Eastern Conference extended its regular season schedule from 14 to 16 games in 1974. The Western Football Conference had been playing a 16 game schedule since 1952. ORFU ceased to exist. The Montreal Alouettes change their colours to red, white and blue, and adopt the triangular logo with the Montreal colours in it on a navy blue helmet.
The first and (as of 2014) only players' strike in league history occurred during training camp. The strike was settled prior to the beginning of the regular season. No games were cancelled as a result of the dispute.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Montreal Alouettes are the 1974 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Edmonton Eskimos, 20–7, at Vancouver's Empire Stadium. Montreal's Sonny Wade (QB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and Junior Ah You (DE) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence. Montreal's Don Sweet (K) was named Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2913833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913833" title="ID&amp;T">
ID&amp;T

ID&T is a Dutch entertainment and medium enterprise that was founded in the early 1990s.
ID&T stands for the initials of three founders of the company, Irfan, Duncan and Theo, all residents of Amsterdam. All three were experienced in the art of organizing house, techno and trance parties when they created ID&T, and their goal is to organize the largest events in the Netherlands and the European electronic dance music scene. Their first big event was "The Final Exam" in the Utrecht Conference Center, with about 13,000 people in attendance.
Today, ID&T is one of the largest dance organizers in the Netherlands. Events organised by the company include Sensation in the Amsterdam Arena, with around 40,000 people. There are two editions, Sensation White (trance, house), happening in the first Saturday of July, where all party people must be dressed in white, and Sensation Black (techno, hardstyle, and hardcore), happening in the Saturday thereafter, where all party people must be dressed in black. Other parties include Mystery Land on the Floriade 2002 terrain near Hoofddorp, with around 50,000 people, Innercity in the Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre (45,000 people) with eight areas and several styles, happening in the middle of December, Thunderdome (hardcore techno and techno), Trance Energy, Bloomingdale and NJOY. Such parties last all night, from 11pm to 7am (except open-air ones), including laser shows and fireworks. Beyond that, ID&T operates the ID&T Release magazine as well as the music download portal ID&T Dance Tunes.com.
Moreover, they organized the first event where a single DJ played all night long, with Tiësto in Gelredome on 11 May 2003. They organized these events again in the same venue on two subsequent nights on 29 and 30 October 2004 and again on 2 June 2007. The same happened at Ethias Arena in Hasselt (Belgium) on 6 Nov 2004 and 19 May 2007. The concerts in 2007 are named 'Elements of Life'.
They also collaborated with Q-Dance in the organization of "The One Man Show" concert of DJ Luna at the Gelredome in Arnhem.
On July 16, 2005, the first Sensation White was organized in Germany, in the Veltins Arena in Gelsenkirchen. Together with the musical and theatre company Stage Entertainment (formerly Stage Holding) they created ID&T Germany as a joint venture. On April 16, 2005 the same event took place in Belgium.
In 2009 it is organized for the first time on two subsequent nights on 3 and 4 July in the Amsterdam Arena where the opening of the Wicked Wonderland will take place.
Takeover by SFX.
In 2013, the American conglomerate SFX Entertainment acquired 75% of ID&T. As a result ID&T became the European arm of SFX's expansion as global EDM events promoter.
Tomorrowland is another major festival organized by ID&T. It is probably the biggest electronic dance festival in the world. It takes place over three days and nights non-stop. Attendees camp in Dreamville. The festival takes place in the town of Boom, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="2913845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913845" title="Ottoman military band">
Ottoman military band

Ottoman military bands are thought to be the oldest variety of military marching band in the world. Though they are often known by the Persian-derived word "mahtar" (مهتر; "mehter" in Ottoman Turkish) in the West, that word, properly speaking, refers only to a single musician in the band. In Ottoman, the band was generally known as "mehterân" (مهتران, from the Persian plural "mahtarān"), though those bands used in the retinue of a vizier or prince were generally known as "mehterhane" (مهترخانه, meaning roughly, "a gathering of "mehter"s", from Persian "house of the "mahtar""). In modern Turkish, the band as a whole is often termed "mehter bölüğü" (""mehter" company "), "mehter takımı" (""mehter" platoon"). In the West, the band's music is also often called Janissary music because the janissaries formed the core of the bands.
History.
It is believed that individual instrumentalists may have been mentioned in the 8th century Orkhon inscriptions. Such military bands as the "mehter"s, however, were not definitively mentioned until the 13th century. It is believed that the first "mehter" was sent to Osman I by the Seljuk Sultan Alaeddin Keykubad III as a present along with a letter that salutes the newly formed state. From then on every day after the afternoon prayer; "mehter" played for the Ottoman ruler. The notion of a military marching band, such as those in use even today, began to be borrowed from the Ottoman Empire in the 16th century. The sound associated with the "mehterân" also exercised an influence on European classical music, with composers such as Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and Ludwig van Beethoven all writing compositions inspired by or designed to imitate the music of the "mehter"s.
In 1826, the music of the "mehter"s fell into disfavor following Sultan Mahmud II's abolition of the Janissary corps, who had formed the core of the bands. Subsequent to this, in the mid and late 19th century, the genre went into decline along with the Ottoman Empire. In 1911, as the empire was beginning to collapse, the director of Istanbul's military museum attempted a somewhat successful revival of the tradition, and by 1953—so as to celebrate the 500-year anniversary of the Fall of Constantinople to the forces of Sultan Mehmed II—the tradition had been fully restored as a band of the Turkish Armed Forces.
Today, the music of the "mehter"s is largely ceremonial and considered by many Turks as a stirring example of heroism and a reminder of Turkey's historical past. Though the majority of the pieces performed by them are newer compositions.
Today, "Mehter Troop" ("Mehter Bölüğü") is the band of the Turkish Armed Forces and it performs at the Military Museum (Askeri Müze) in Istanbul. See also: The Ministry of Culture Istanbul Historical Music Ensemble.
Structure.
The standard instruments employed by a "mehterân" are the "kös" (a giant timpani), the "nakare" (a small kettledrum), the "davul" (a bass drum), the "zil" (cymbals), the "kaba zurna" (a bass variety of the zurna), the "boru" (a kind of trumpet), and the "cevgen" (a kind of stick bearing small concealed bells). The different varieties of bands are classed according to the number of instruments and musicians employed: either six-layered ("altı katlı"), seven-layered ("yedi katlı"), or nine-layered ("dokuz katlı").
In the early 19th century the Vizier's personal band included nine each of drums and fifes, seven trumpets and four cymbals.
The costumes worn by the "mehterân", despite wide variance in color and style, are always very colourful, often including high ribbed hats which are flared at the top and long robes wrapped in colourful silks.
Members.
Ceremonial Members:
Percussion Instruments:
Wind Instruments:
Style.
The sound of the Ottoman military band is characterized by an often shrill sound combining bass drums, horns (boru), bells, the triangle and cymbals (zil), among others. It is still played at state, military and tourist functions in modern Turkey by the Mehter Band and the troops that accompany.
"Mehterân" usually play classical Turkish music such as peşrev, semai, nakış, cengiharbi, murabba and kalenderi. Most of the music played by "mehterân" is Turkish Folk Music with heroic themes from the Ottoman frontiers. Melodies and lyrics are written in Mehterhane (the house of Mehter).
The oldest extant marches were written by Nefiri Behram, Emir-i Hac, Hasan Can and Gazi Giray II in the 16th century.
Though very few of these pieces are played today in Mehter groups.
Well-known compositions.
"Ceddin Deden".
Though zahoora band played a variety of frontier marches, Ceddin deden is one of the best known
Lyrics
"Ceddin, deden, neslin, baban; x2
"Hep kahraman Türk milleti.
"Orduların, pek çok zaman, vermiştiler dünyaya şan." x2
"Türk milleti!, Türk milleti!;" x2
"Aşk ile sev milliyeti,"
"Kahret vatan düşmanını, çeksin o mel'un zilleti." x2
which can be translated in English as:
(Seek) Your ancestors, your grandfathers, your generation, your father x2
The Turkish nation has always been valiant.
Your armies, many times, have been renowned throughout the world. x2
Turkish nation!, (O) Turkish nation!; x2
love (your) nationality passionately,
Overwhelm the enemies of your motherland, and thus shall those cursed ones suffer abjection. x2
"Yine de Şahlanıyor Aman".
Lyrics
"Gene de şahlanıyor aman"
"Kolbaşının yandı da kır atı."
"Görünüyor yandım aman"
"Bize serhad yolları."
"Davullar çalsınlar aman"
"Aman da ceng-i ceng-i de harbiyi."
"Görünüyor yandım aman"
"Bize sefer yolları."
"Gâhi sefer olur aman"
"Aman da sefer sefer de eyleriz."
"Hazan erişince aman"
"Aman güzel severiz."
"Gül yüzlü yari de aman
"Aman da hile ile de sezeriz."
"Sefersiz olamaz aman"
"Aman er evlatları."
Mehter Today.
The Ottoman Military Band, Mehter, still plays at special occasions in Turkey. The band also plays everyday at 15:00 during summer months in Harbiye Istanbul. During winter months, tickets are being sold for the indoor concerts. The largest event take place on on May 29th when celebrating the conquest of Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="2913847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913847" title="Compass Maps">
Compass Maps

Compass Maps was a U.S. publisher of road maps. It was based in Modesto, California.
It was founded in 1963 by Dick and Shirley Elke. They produced high
quality maps of Northern and Southern California. They also did some
maps of places in Nevada (Reno, Las Vegas), as well as Salt Lake City,
Utah. In 2007, they had nearly 100 area maps that they produced. However, the company shut down in March 2008 for reorganization, then reopened in May of that same year, to only shut down, this time for good, in June 2008. They are no longer a business, and are in bankruptcy. The owner of the company is going to bankruptcy court soon. Compass Maps are getting harder and harder to find, as they are not made anymore. However, some may be still found at stores such as 
Staples, and also at Longs Drugs/CVS (a drugstore in the West Coast) which Compass Maps sold a lot of maps to. The atlases that Compass
Maps made, are virtually nonexistent at this point. However there
are a few places that still have backstock of their atlases, which
there was a total of 19 titles in the end.
While they were still a company, they were located on 1172 Kansas Avenue
in Modesto, just west of Highway 99. The space/building has since been
sold, and there is a new occupant there.
References.
Compass Maps History

</doc>
<doc id="2913852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913852" title="Torlakovac">
Torlakovac

Torlakovac is a small village near Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The settlement has a school named "Četvrta osnovna škola"

</doc>
<doc id="2913858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913858" title="Nixon McLean">
Nixon McLean

Nixon Alexei McNamara McLean (born 20 July 1973 in the Windward Islands) is a West Indian cricketer from St. Vincent and the Grenadines. He is a right-arm fast medium bowler and a left-handed batsman. In his international career, McLean played 19 Tests 
and 45 One Day Internationals.
His impressive performances for KwaZulu-Natal saw him achieve a place in the World Cup 2003 West Indies squad. 
McLean has also represented Hampshire in 1998 and 1999, Somerset, and the Canterbury Wizards in 2005 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2913861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913861" title="Symbol (choir)">
Symbol (choir)

The Symbol is a choir in Romania that links to the great choir of the patriarchy of the Romanian Orthodox Church. Its headquarters are in the basement or the patriarchal palace in the choir room named after the mentor of the choir Nicolae Lungu.
Founder and Conductors.
The one who founded the choir is also the current conductor, Mr. Jean Lupu, currently 69 years old.
Excerpt from the 15-year album of the choir:
"Professor Jean Lupu, the founder and also the choir conductor, is a graduate of the Orthodox Theological Seminary in Craiova, the 'Radu Greceanu' High-school in Slatina and later, the National Academy of Music in Timişoara and Bucharest."
The one who is responsible for the funds distribution and management is Mrs. Doinița Neamțu. The president of the directorial council is Mrs. Aureliana Grama.
The assistant conductor is Luminița Gutanu, Doctor in Music, graduate of the National Music Institute in Kishinev, Republic of Moldova.
Repertory.
The repertory comprises more than 250 compositions, 25% being the work of the choir's mentor.

</doc>
<doc id="2913870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913870" title="Status (law)">
Status (law)

An Individual's status is a legal position held in regard to the rest of the community and not by an act of law or by the consensual acts of the parties, and it is "in rem", i.e. these conditions must be recognised by the world. It is the qualities of universality and permanence that distinguish status from consensual relationships such as employment and agency. Hence, a person's status and its attributes are set by the law of the domicile if born in a common law state, or by the law of nationality if born in a civil law state and this status and its attendant capacities should be recognised wherever the person may later travel.
Identity/personality.
In early laws, an outlaw was a person who, by judicial process, was deprived of all normal rights as a human being unless and until a court reversed itself through an affirmative act of inlawry. This was a form of civil death. Similarly, a slave was a chattel or possession, and had no legal personality except that, in the U.S., some of the Free States did allow limited legal personality. Legal personality could be surrendered voluntarily by becoming a monk or by travelling, e.g. the first provisions of the French Civil Code deny civil rights to foreigners. As an aspect of the social contract between a state and the citizens who owe it allegiance, most developed legal systems contain positive provisions defining each individual's legal identity and its attributes. All matters of social rank or caste are examples of personal status, the modern extremes of which would be nobility and the 200 million dalits, the "untouchables" of India.
Full age or minority are in many laws treated as aspects of personal status. The same thing is true of the loss of capacity by reason of insanity or other mental illness. This is of critical importance if a person wishes to enter into a marriage or a contract having travelled to a state where the age of minority is different or the form of marriage is apparently not consistent with the laws of the "home" state.
Fictitious persons or legal entities may be created by law through the act of incorporation and these corporations are quite separate from the natural persons who may be involved. The holders of some public offices are vested with the office, its terms are fixed by law, and every person within the state must recognise the existence of the office and its rights and duties, e.g. an archbishop or a corporation may represent a business association with its own purposes and capacities. It would be commercially inconvenient if the status of the entity changed depending on the laws of the place where commercial transactions were effected. For example, general partnerships have a separate legal personality in some states but not in others.
Personal status.
With some exceptions, it is universally accepted that marriage bonds lawfully entered into under the laws of any country, which changes the status of a person from "independent", "single" or "unmarried" to "a married person", will be recognized as such by all other countries in the world, and the partners to the marriage assume the status of husband and wife. That status goes with the people no matter where in the world the spouses may find themselves (except where local public policy is invoked). However, though they are recognized as husband and wife, pursuant to a marriage anywhere in the world, the mutual rights and duties owed by the spouses are determined by the law or custom of the country in which they find themselves.
Under normal circumstances, marriage exists until either one of the parties dies or until it is ended by legal process through nullity or divorce. The circumstances in which that status is to be brought to an end is of sufficient interest to the State that it usually regulates the circumstances in which the family relationship may be terminated. On the death of a spouse, the survivor's personal status changes to "widow" or "widower", and on the termination of the marriage, both of their status changes to "divorcee".
The emotional ties between parents and their children come into being through the natural blood relationship but the law attaches a series of right and duties to all involved. A child has the status of a minor. Another is the status of legitimacy, though many countries have now ceased to distinguish on that basis. A legitimate child is usually defined as one born to parents who are married to each other; the child is illegitimate if the relationship is not recognized by the law, but usually has the opportunity to change status if the parents subsequently marry. Adoption usually creates a legal relationship similar to that of natural parent and child. In that event, legitimacy or otherwise of the child is not an issue. A parent does not have status as a parent. Issues may arise as to who is in the position of parent in relation to a child when there are issues of illegitimacy, surrogacy or other disputed parenthood.
When a child or other person incapable of looking after themselves requires care by someone who may not be his or her natural or adoptive parent. They are sometimes said to be wards of a legal guardian. This relationship, however, does not change the status of the child as a minor, and, like a parent, the guardian has no status, though rights and duties are expected between the people.

</doc>
<doc id="2913873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913873" title="George Pisida">
George Pisida

George Pisida (Γεώργιος Πισίδης, of which "Pisida" is the Latin form; sometimes called "The Pisidian") was a Byzantine poet, born in Pisidia, flourished during the 7th century AD. 
From his poems we learn he was a Pisidian by birth, and a friend of Patriarch Sergius I of Constantinople and the Emperor Heraclius. He was a deacon, guardian of the sacred vessels, Referendary, and "chartophylax" (keeper of the records) of the church of St. Sophia. His works have been published in the original Greek with a Latin version. About five thousand verses of his poetry, most in trimetric iambics, have come down to us. 
His earliest work, in three cantos, is "De expeditione Heraclii imperatoris contra Persas, libri tres" on Heraclius' campaign against the Persians in 622 (a campaign in which a relic purporting to be the True Cross, which the Persians had captured some years before at Jerusalem, was recovered), seems to be the work of an eyewitness. This was followed by the "Avarica" (or "Bellum Avaricum"), an account of a futile attack on Constantinople by the Avars (626), during the absence of the emperor and his army, said to have been repulsed by the aid of the Virgin Mary; and by the "Heraclias" (or "De extremo Chosroae Persarum regis excidio"), a general survey of the exploits of Heraclius both at home and abroad down to the final overthrow of Chosroes in 627. In his paper "The Official History of Heraclius' Persian Campaigns", James Howard-Johnston makes a strong case for George of Pisida also having composed a now lost account of Heraclius' Persian campaigns in a combination of prose and poetry. This account was apparently based on Heraclius' own dispatches from Persia to the citizens of Constantinople and was available for Theophanes the Confessor as a basis for his Chronographia.
Next he wrote "In sanctam Jesu Christi, Dei nostri resurrectionem", in which the poet exhorts Flavius Constantinus to follow in the footsteps of his father, Heraclius. There was also a didactic poem, "Hexameron" or "Cosmologia" (also called "Opus sex dierum seu Mundi opificium"), upon the creation of the world, dedicated to Sergius; "De vanitate vitae", a treatise on the vanity of life, after the manner of "Ecclesiastes"; "Contra impium Severum Antiochiae", a controversial composition against Patriarch Severus of Antioch and his Monophysitism; two short poems, including "In templum Deiparae Constantinopoli, in Blachernissitum" upon the resurrection of Christ and on the recovery of the True Cross. And he wrote one piece in prose, "Encomium in S. Anastasium martyrem". From references in Theophanus, Suidas, and Isaac Tzetzes, we know he wrote other works which have not reached us.
Michael Psellus later compares him with, and even prefers him to, Euripides. Pisida has been suggested as a possible author of the Akathist Hymn to the Theotokos.

</doc>
<doc id="2913881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913881" title="Alexander Bryan Johnson">
Alexander Bryan Johnson

Alexander Bryan Johnson (May 29, 1786 – September 9, 1867) was an American philosopher and banker. 
Biography.
Of Netherlandic and Jewish ancestry, he was born in Gosport, Hampshire, England, and at age 16 he emigrated to the United States, and settled at Utica, where he was a banker for many years. He was admitted to the bar, but never practised.
Philosophy.
From his youth he had given all his leisure to the study of problems in intellectual philosophy, and especially of the relations between knowledge and language. He attempted to show the ultimate meaning of words, apart from their meaning as related to each other in ordinary definition, and thus to ascertain the nature of human knowledge as it exists independent of the words in which it is expressed.
His 1836 work, "A Treatise on Language", was little recognised in his own time, and this remained the case for nearly a century after his death. It can now be seen to have anticipated the thrust of logical positivism, at least in arguing that misunderstandings of how language operates bedevil philosophical questions, and theories of modern linguistics.
Writings.
He wrote several works on financial and political topics.

</doc>
<doc id="2913883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913883" title="Samuel Bemis">
Samuel Bemis

For the historian see Samuel Flagg Bemis
Dr. Samuel A. Bemis (1793 - 1881) was one of the earliest photographers in the United States. A small number of his daguerreotypes have survived.
Bemis was a Boston dentist when in April 1840 he acquired an early camera and became one of the first Americans to take a photograph. His extant daguerreotypes include views of Boston and of the White Mountains of New Hampshire. These images are the earliest known American photographs of natural landscapes.
Bemis's interest in photography began in March 1840 when he attended a series of lectures and demonstration of the daguerreotype process given by François Fauvel-Gouraud, a pupil of Louis-Jacques Mandé Daguerre and an agent for Alphonse Giroux & Cie., sole manufacturers of equipment endorsed by Daguerre. (Daguerre had announced his process in early 1839. Gouraud arrived in New York City on November 23, 1839, there exhibited daguerreotypes in December, and in January lectured in Philadelphia. By March he was lecturing in Boston with Edward Everett Hale among his other students; from there he travelled on to Providence, Rhode Island, and by 1842 was listed as a daguerrean in Buffalo, New York.)
Bemis bought his daguerreotype camera from Gouraud for $51, along with twelve daguerreotype plates (16.5 x 21.6 cm) at $2 each. His total investment was $76, a considerable sum. (This is believed to be the first camera sold commercially in the United States.) Four days later, on April 19, 1840, Bemis made his first daguerreotype. His early pictures were taken in Boston. When summer came, he photographed in the White Mountains around Crawford Notch, where he had recently relocated. Bemis was not a masterful technician; his remaining images show inadequate processing of the daguerreotype plates. Bemis actively daguerreotyped until October, 1843, and evidently took up other hobbies. However, his camera apparatus may still be seen in the George Eastman House along with the original bill of sale and a number of his images.
In New Hampshire, Bemis bought land from innkeeper Abel Crawford, who had pioneered tourism in the White Mountains. This property included most of today's Crawford Notch. Spurned in romance shortly after his move, Bemis built a granite mansion and became an eccentric recluse. At one time called "the Lord of the Valley," Bemis named a lake, mountain, brook, ridge, and other spots in the White Mountains for himself. In an obituary published in 1881, he was described as "not as odd as might be expected, yet sufficiently so to distinguish him from the ordinary run of men." His house, now known as the Notchland Inn, currently operates as a bed-and-breakfast establishment. Bemis is buried beside the house.

</doc>
<doc id="2913900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913900" title="Fowlmere RSPB reserve">
Fowlmere RSPB reserve

Fowlmere is an RSPB nature reserve in Cambridgeshire, England. It is situated 11 km south of Cambridge between Fowlmere village and Melbourn. Fowlmere's reedbeds and pools are fed by natural chalk springs and a chalk stream runs through the reserve. It has three hides, one of which is wheelchair-accessible. Special birds include kingfishers, water rails, sedge warblers, reed warblers and grasshopper warblers plus a roost of corn buntings in winter.
History of Fowlmere Nature Reserve.
The reserve was bought by the RSPB in 1977 using money raised in a sponsored birdwatch by the RSPB's junior branch. The name Fowlmere comes from the nature of the site before 1800 when it was an area of open water which was a habitat for large numbers of wildfowl. In 1850 attempts were made to drain the area but failed. In the 1890s watercress began to be grown and ponds were dug and lined with clay. The watercress growers gained more control over the water levels by driving pipes into the ground from which the water bubbled to the surface and still flow when the water table is high enough. However due to extraction of water for people in surrounding areas, the water flowing out of the spring is decreased over its 19th-century levels, and during dry periods the Environment Agency provides extra water. The watercress was washed and packed on site before being taken by horse and cart to Shepreth station and thence to Covent Garden Market in London. Watercress growing continued until the 1960s. The abandoned cress beds became overgrown with reeds and the site is now managed to preserve a wide variety of habitats. The watercress beds are a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
More details of the site.
The site covers 40 hectares. There is a 3 km nature trail and certain sections are wheelchair accessible. Pond dipping can be organised by arrangement with the warden. On sunny days from spring until late autumn adult dragonflies and damselflies can often be seen.
If the reedbeds were not managed, they would eventually dry out. To prevent this, every autumn a small section of reed is cut and the reeds burnt or removed.
Other areas are being managed to restore chalk grassland. One area is grazed by cattle and sheep, which is helping to bring back wildflowers such as cowslips, southern marsh orchids and goatsbeard. Another area is mown in late autumn and the cuttings raked off to prevent the soil from becoming richer and thus allowing stronger plants to take over.
Nature Reserve Office.
Fowlmere Nature Reserve Office, Manor Farm, Fowlmere, near Royston, SG8 7SH. Tel/Fax 01763 208978

</doc>
<doc id="2913902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913902" title="E/i">
E/i

e/i was the second magazine founded, published and edited by electronic music journalist Darren Bergstein, launched in 2003. It is the successor to "i/e" magazine, which ran from 1990 to 1998. Closer in style to The Wire and Signal to Noise than other magazines, "e/i" focused on chronicling the history of electronic music.
In mid-2006, "e/i" Magazine announced that it was no longer publishing any print issues. In February 2007, the publisher announced that the magazine had revised its website, leading to a relaunch of the magazine as an online entity. The magazine is currently defunct as of January 2009. In 2011, Darren Bergstein founded his own recording label called Periphery.

</doc>
<doc id="2913908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913908" title="John H. Bartlett">
John H. Bartlett

John Henry Bartlett (March 15, 1869March 19, 1952) Descendant of Josiah Bartlettsignatory of the Declaration of Independence[http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GRid=2802, Bartlett was an American teacher, high school principal, lawyer, author and Republican politician from Portsmouth, New Hampshire. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1894 and served as Governor of New Hampshire from 1919–1921.
Bartlett later served as president of the United States Civil Service Commission and was appointed as the first United States Assistant Postmaster General.
In 1929 he was appointed chairman of the United States section of the International Joint Commission for the United States and Canada, until his retirement in 1939.
Education and personal life.
John Henry Bartlett was born on March 15, 1869, in Sunapee, New Hampshire, as the second son and third child of John Z. and Sophronia (Sargent) Bartlett. Bartlett grew up in Sunapee and attended public school there through high school. Bartlett then attended Colby-Sawyer College in New London, New Hampshire, at the time called Colby Academy.[http://books.google.com/books?id=M80UAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA162-IA1&lpg=PA162-IA1&dq=Governor+John+H+Bartlett+time+in+office&source=bl&ots=X_4sEH2mKk&sig=x9h4t5EOnnUo1pT3o-04gyeZisY&hl=en&ei=roj1TI_YCIaosQOwpInwAQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=8&ved=0CEAQ6AE#v=onepage&q=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&f=false
From 1890 to 1894, Bartlett attended Dartmouth College.[http://books.google.com/books?id=M80UAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA162-IA1&lpg=PA162-IA1&dq=Governor+John+H+Bartlett+time+in+office&source=bl&ots=X_4sEH2mKk&sig=x9h4t5EOnnUo1pT3o-04gyeZisY&hl=en&ei=roj1TI_YCIaosQOwpInwAQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=8&ved=0CEAQ6AE#v=onepage&q=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&f=false]
After graduation he became a teacher at the high school in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Bartlett taught for four years, the last two years also serving as principal to the school.[http://books.google.com/books?id=M80UAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA162-IA1&lpg=PA162-IA1&dq=Governor+John+H+Bartlett+time+in+office&source=bl&ots=X_4sEH2mKk&sig=x9h4t5EOnnUo1pT3o-04gyeZisY&hl=en&ei=roj1TI_YCIaosQOwpInwAQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=8&ved=0CEAQ6AE#v=onepage&q=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&f=false]
Bartlett married Agnes Page, a daughter of Judge Calvin and Arabella J. (Moran) Page in June 1900. They had one son, Calvin Page Bartlett, born October 8, 1901.[http://books.google.com/books?id=M80UAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA162-IA1&lpg=PA162-IA1&dq=Governor+John+H+Bartlett+time+in+office&source=bl&ots=X_4sEH2mKk&sig=x9h4t5EOnnUo1pT3o-04gyeZisY&hl=en&ei=roj1TI_YCIaosQOwpInwAQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=8&ved=0CEAQ6AE#v=onepage&q=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&f=false] Agnes Page was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire on August 21, 1871. They stayed married until her death on April 25, 1944.
Later that year, Bartlett remarried to Mildred C. Lawson.[http://politicalgraveyard.com/bio/bartlett.html][http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GRid=42734959]
Bartlett affiliated with the Unitarian Church and was a Knight Templar Mason of DeWitt Clinton Commandery of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and a Knight of Pythias[http://books.google.com/books?id=M80UAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA162-IA1&lpg=PA162-IA1&dq=Governor+John+H+Bartlett+time+in+office&source=bl&ots=X_4sEH2mKk&sig=x9h4t5EOnnUo1pT3o-04gyeZisY&hl=en&ei=roj1TI_YCIaosQOwpInwAQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=8&ved=0CEAQ6AE#v=onepage&q=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&f=false]
Throughout his life, he maintained an interest in education and his birthplace of Sunapee, New Hampshire. He was elected as a trustee of Colby-Sawyer College.[http://books.google.com/books?id=M80UAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA162-IA1&lpg=PA162-IA1&dq=Governor+John+H+Bartlett+time+in+office&source=bl&ots=X_4sEH2mKk&sig=x9h4t5EOnnUo1pT3o-04gyeZisY&hl=en&ei=roj1TI_YCIaosQOwpInwAQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=8&ved=0CEAQ6AE#v=onepage&q=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&f=false]
In 1955, three years after his death, a yearly scholarship award was established for students from Sunapee called the Governor John H. Bartlett Fund.[http://www.foundation.unh.edu/list-endowed-funds]
Bartlett also published several books on New England and political topics.
John Henry Bartlett died at the age of 83 on March 19, 1952, in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, where he is buried with his late wife Agnes Page in the city's Harmony Grove Cemetery.[http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GRid=42734959]
Political career.
While teaching in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Bartlett studied law with Judge Calvin Page. He was admitted to the bar in 1898, becoming an associate of Judge Page.[http://books.google.com/books?id=M80UAAAAYAAJ&lpg=PA162-IA1&ots=X_4sEH2mKk&dq=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&pg=PA162-IA1#v=onepage&q=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&f=false]
Bartlett's most successful and important case was "William Turner vs. Cocheco Manufacturing Company," in which a state law was established to furnish adequate fire escapes.[http://books.google.com/books?id=uRkXAAAAYAAJ&lpg=PA135&ots=XPxAqh0bJ4&dq=John%20H%20Bartlett%20election&pg=PA135#v=onepage&q=John%20&f=false]
Bartlett began to take an active part in political movements and allied with the Republican Party. He was elected Postmaster of Portsmouth, New Hampshire on December 13, 1899, which he served until 1907.[http://books.google.com/books?id=uRkXAAAAYAAJ&lpg=PA135&ots=XPxAqh0bJ4&dq=John%20H%20Bartlett%20election&pg=PA135#v=onepage&q=John%20&f=false]
Bartlett left the position of postmaster to serve on former Governor John McLane's staff. As a member of McLane's staff, he was given the rank of Colonel and became responsible for making preparations for the Russo-Japanese War Peace Conference that led to the signing of the Treaty of Portsmouth officially ending the Russo-Japanese War.[http://www.nh.gov/nhdhr/publications/glikeness/bartjohn.html]
Former Governor Robert P. Bass appointed Bartlett as the representative of the state of New Hampshire at the sixth annual meeting of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, which was held at Philadelphia in March, 1912.[http://books.google.com/books?id=uRkXAAAAYAAJ&lpg=PA135&ots=XPxAqh0bJ4&dq=John%20H%20Bartlett%20election&pg=PA135#v=onepage&q=John%20&f=false]
In 1916, Bartlett presided over the Republican State Convention.[http://www.nh.gov/nhdhr/publications/glikeness/bartjohn.html]
He served in the New Hampshire state House of Representatives before being elected governor in 1918. 
Declining to run for a second term, Bartlett served as president of the United States Civil Service Commission and was then appointed as the first United States Assistant Postmaster General in 1922, sponsoring the first transcontinental air mail service.[http://www.nga.org/portal/site/nga/menuitem.29fab9fb4add37305ddcbeeb501010a0/?vgnextoid=515bd961f666a010VgnVCM1000001a01010aRCRD]
In 1929, he was appointed chairman of the United States section of the International Joint Commission for the United States and Canada, until his retirement in 1939.[http://www.nh.gov/nhdhr/publications/glikeness/bartjohn.html]
Bartlett's New Deal sympathies caused him to switch to the Democratic Party, and he ran unsuccessfully as a Democrat for the United States Congress.[http://www.nh.gov/nhdhr/publications/glikeness/bartjohn.html]
Throughout Bartlett's political career and after retirement, he spoke at events throughout New England and at graduation ceremonies.[http://books.google.com/books?id=uRkXAAAAYAAJ&lpg=PA135&ots=XPxAqh0bJ4&dq=John%20H%20Bartlett%20election&pg=PA135#v=onepage&q=John%20&f=false]
Governorship.
John Henry Bartlett ran for governor of New Hampshire in 1918 against Nathaniel E. Martin of Concord, New Hampshire. Bartlett won the election by over 6,000 votes and entered office on January 6, 1919, and served as the 65th Governor of New Hampshire until January 6, 1921.[http://books.google.com/books?id=iaUYAAAAIAAJ&lpg=PA452&ots=4AWgA9y36G&dq=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&pg=PA452#v=onepage&q=Governor%20John%20H%20Bartlett%20time%20in%20office&f=false
During Bartlett's term, the state adopted an executive budget system and the state's employee liability law was revised. New Hampshire cities also secured the rights to acquire and operate interurban street railways. 
Bartlett signed the Purple Lilac into law as the state flower of New Hampshire on March 28, 1919.[http://www.nh.gov/lilacs/lilacs/index.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="2913925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913925" title="Codrington Wind Farm">
Codrington Wind Farm

Codrington Wind Farm is a wind farm on the coast of south-western Victoria, Australia near Yambuk.
Completed in June 2001, the 18.2 MW installation of 14 wind turbines generates 51 GWh annually, for a capital cost of 30 million Australian dollars by
Pacific Hydro being the first fully private investment in a wind farm in Australia. When opened it was Australia’s largest wind farm and the first in Victoria.
The Yambuk wind farm (Part of the Portland Wind Farm project) is directly adjacent to the Codrington Wind Farm. It has a total of 30MW in its 20 turbines.

</doc>
<doc id="2913927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913927" title="Hervey Rhodes, Baron Rhodes">
Hervey Rhodes, Baron Rhodes

Hervey Rhodes, Baron Rhodes, KG, DFC and Bar, PC, DL (12 August 1895 – 11 September 1987) was a British Labour Party politician.
Born in Saddleworth in the West Riding of Yorkshire, Rhodes was educated at St Mary's School, Greenfield, then at Huddersfield Technical College. He was employed within the woolen industry.
During the Great War he served initially with the King's Own Royal Lancashire Regiment, and later the Yorkshire Regiment. Seconded to the Royal Flying Corps, Rhodes served as an Observer/gunner with No. 12 Squadron flying the RE 8. Despite the fact the Squadron was mainly engaged on reconnaissance and artillery spotting duties, Rhodes, with his usual pilot South African Lt. Croye Pithey, claimed as a crew a total of 5 enemy aircraft destroyed and a further 5 claimed 'out of control', Rhodes winning the Distinguished Flying Cross and Bar. He was badly wounded in September 1918, and walked with a limp for the rest of his life. He left with the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel.
During the Second World War, Rhodes, by then a mill-owner and Chairman of the Saddleworth Rural District Council, became the Commanding Officer of the Local Defence Volunteers (LDV), formed in 1940 to defend England against the Armies of the Third Reich, then in occupation of much of North Europe and having succeeded in expelling the British Expeditionary Force from Europe at Dunkirk.
Initially, the LDV were issued only with an armband and brought along to parades and training such implements or weapons as they could improvise. Quite soon the LDV was jokingly said to stand for "The Look, Duck & Vanish". The name was quickly changed to the Home Guard and within a few short weeks the Home Guard was equipped with rifles, Army pattern khaki uniform and had officers and NCOs appointed. Hervey Rhodes became the CO of the 36th (West Riding) Battalion, Duke of Wellington's Regiment. Major Rhodes (soon Lt. Col.) came round to his various companies, limping, complete with stick and pipe. The Battalion was soon quite well-together and equipped with Thompson sub-machine guns and later, Sten guns and other weaponry. Rhodes served as CO of the Battalion until the Home Guard was disbanded. He then was able to develop his political career, alongside his business interests at his mill in Delph.
In the 1945 general election, Rhodes stood without success as the Labour candidate in Royton, Oldham, Lancashire. A few months later, however, he was elected as Member of Parliament for Ashton-under-Lyne in a by-election on 1 October created by William Jowitt's elevation to the peerage. 
Rhodes was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Hilary Marquand, as Paymaster-General and Minister of Pensions. In 1950, he was promoted to Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Trade, serving until Labour's defeat at the 1951 general election.
He served as MP until the 1964 general election, when he was succeeded by Robert Sheldon. He was made a life peer in 1964 as Baron Rhodes, of Saddleworth in the West Riding of the County of Yorkshire. He again held office as Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Trade from 1964 until 1967. He served as Lord Lieutenant of Lancashire from 1968. He was made a Privy Counsellor in 1969, a Knight of the Garter in 1972 and served as Deputy-Lord Lieutenant of Greater Manchester from 1974. He died in Oldham aged 92.

</doc>
<doc id="2913928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913928" title="Devario browni">
Devario browni

Devario browni is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae found in fast-flowing, shaded streams in the Salween River drainage; it feeds mainly on terrestrial insects, including ants and flies.

</doc>
<doc id="2913929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913929" title="John Peterson (author)">
John Peterson (author)

John Peterson (Feb 10, 1924 - Nov 2002) was an American author of children's books during the 20th century. He is best known as the creator of "The Littles", which began as a series of books in 1967, later adapted into a long-running animated cartoon series by DiC Entertainment. Peterson was also the author of "The Secret Hide-Out", a popular Scholastic Books title in the 1960s and 1970s.
John Lawrence Peterson was born in Bradford, Pennsylvania on February 10, 1924, and attended Pratt Institute before volunteering and serving as a paratrooper of the 11th Airborne Division in World War II. After the war he returned to Pratt Institute and graduated in 1948. He lived in the Clinton Hill district of Brooklyn, New York with his wife Holly (Simmonds), also a Pratt graduate, where he had sons John Christopher, Matthew James, and Joel David Barnes, and a daughter Elizabeth Holly. Peterson later moved to Hankins, New York. His son Chris had nine children who have since produced ten great-grandchildren. Peterson died in November 2002 at the age of seventy-eight.
John Peterson was an illustrator for advertising and magazines for two decades before writing his first book, "Tony's Treasure Hunt", later renamed "Terry's Treasure Hunt". Another great Peterson title is "How to Write Codes and Send Secret Messages" featuring such timeless tricks as mirror writing, the reverse mirror code, and the use of invisible ink.
During his lifetime he spoke at US elementary schools, volunteered for the Boy Scouts and directed a Sunday school class with his wife Holly at an Episcopal church.

</doc>
<doc id="2913931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913931" title="SW1">
SW1

SW1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2913937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913937" title="Galápagos green turtle">
Galápagos green turtle

The Galápagos green turtle ("Chelonia agassizii") used to be classified as a subspecies of the green sea turtle ("Chelonia mydas") but was changed for a few reasons. One, caudal dimorphism (vertebrae of the same species changing), means that "Chelonia agassizii" (or ""Chelonia agassizi"") has a more domed shell. Another is the colour of the shell – Galápagos green turtles have a darker shell colour. It is endemic to the tropical and subtropical waters of the Pacific Ocean. They are often categorized as one population of the east Pacific green turtle. This title is shared with the other green sea turtle nesting populations inhabiting the Pacific Ocean. More specifically they are referred to as the black sea turtle due to their unique dark pigmentation. The Galápagos green turtle is the only population of green sea turtle to nest on the beaches of the Galápagos Islands and this fact is the derivative of their name.
There have been various debates over the binomial nomenclature of this population due to the distinct morphological characteristics that set them apart from other populations of green sea turtle. It has been difficult for researchers to obtain valid information on the lifestyles of the Galápagos green turtle due to their continuous migrations and submergence in the ocean; most information has been obtained through tagging experimentations. The Galápagos green turtle, along with all other population of green sea turtle, is listed as endangered on the IUCN Red List of threatened species. All populations are still suffering reductions in numbers despite the many conservation efforts being practiced.
Physical description.
The mature adult Galápagos green turtle is much smaller than those of other Green sea turtle populations; this may be why they are more genetically isolated than other populations. The carapace is dark in color, usually black to dark olive-brown, is oval in shape and tapers toward the tail. The carapace has a distinctive formation that is more sloped or domed than individuals of other populations. There are five vertebral scutes all alike in size with a hexagonal shape and flat edges. The lateral scutes are similar in size but only four run along each side. The carapace is tougher than the plastron, or the underside of the shell, and is also darker in pigmentation. They have been recorded up to 84 cm in length, while other Green sea turtles have been recorded up to 99 cm in length. Their legs are shaped like flippers to aide in swimming; they are broad and generally flattened. The head is rounded and lizard-like with no teeth and does not have the predominantly hooked beak like many other green sea turtles. The sexes are similar in most aspects except size, the females are slightly larger, and the males have a longer tail.
Habitat.
Galápagos green turtles get their name from their specific nesting habitat, the Galápagos Islands. They are the only subpopulation of sea turtle to nest in these islands. The Galápagos straddle the equator off the coast of Ecuador and consist of 17 islands that are volcanic in origin. This is not their only habitat as they are a highly migratory species and spend much of their time cruising the warm waters of the Pacific Ocean. Colonies of green sea turtles have been observed nesting in 80 countries around the globe and they forage along the coasts of approximately 140 countries. There have been recordings the Galápagos green turtle or the black sea turtle from the Baja California peninsula to the Galápagos Islands and Peru and as far west as the Hawaiian and Marshall Islands. Much of their time near shore is spent foraging and resting. Black sea turtles have been recorded to spend much of their time in the bays and lagoons of the Baja California peninsula foraging and resting during the period of maturation. Distances of migration are recorded to range between 1233 and 2143–km and are performed over various time periods. They come to the Galápagos primarily to nest and only the females come ashore and lay eggs, the males stay submerged for most of their lives.
Reproduction.
Female Galápagos green turtles most often only lay eggs every 2–3 years and spend the time between resting and foraging. Fertilization occurs underwater with only females emerging for nesting. Mating has not been witnessed outside of the nesting season and usually occurs off shore near the nesting sites. Nesting space can be somewhat limited due to the consistency of the beaches in the Galápagos, being of volcanic origin. There are many rocky areas and cliffs with limited space on sandy beaches. Also, the sandy areas tend to be quite dry and this causes many cave-ins of the nests. Females in the Galápagos have modified their nesting habits due to this factor and usually keep one hind flipper in the nest while depositing the eggs to prevent the unwanted cave-in. Clutch size varies from 50 to 200 eggs per nest and can take up to three hours to accomplish. However, Galápagos sea turtles are known to have smaller clutch sizes than other populations. After the eggs are laid the female will cover them with sand and press down with her plastron for compaction. They have also been noted to make a false nest next to their primary nest to try and fool off predators. When leaving the female turtle will attempt to cover any trace of her presence by flinging sand around in the area of the nest.
Nesting most often occurs at night so there is protection from predators. The prime season for nesting is from December to June, however peak months are January through March. Females are very uneasy when coming up to shore. If they feel threatened they will return to the water and wait until the shore is safer. Approximately two months after nesting the hatchlings emerge. They are approximately 46 mm in length when hatched, smaller than other "Chelonian" hatchlings.
History.
Green sea turtles have been recorded and observed in the Galápagos over many centuries as far back as the 17th century by William Dampier. There has not been much attention brought to them due to the overwhelming research done on the Galápagos Giant Tortoises. Only over the last 30 years have extensive studies been performed covering the behaviors of the Galápagos green turtles. Much of the debate that has surrounded them recently is over the binomial classification of the species. It is the only subpopulation of green sea turtle to be given premise for separate species delineation, proposing "Chelonia agassizii" as a separate species. At this time no distinctions have been made. This is mainly due to analysis of mitochondrial and nuclear DNA of 15 nesting beaches. This analysis has showed little distinction between the populations of the East Pacific waters and those of other nesting areas.
It is the unique morphological distinctions of the Galápagos green turtle or the black sea turtle that have been giving rise to the debate. The two most notable distinctions are the considerably smaller adult size and the much darker pigmentation of the carapace, plastron, and the extremities. Other distinctions are the curving of the carapace above each hind flipper, the more dome-shaped carapace, and the very long tail of adult males. The main argument that separates "agassizii" from other "Chelonians" is that with a smaller adult size it would be very difficult for a male of another subpopulation to mate with a female black sea turtle. A male sea turtle must have a fairly strong hold of the females’ carapace during mating in order to successfully copulate; with the female "agassizii" being much smaller this feat would be impossible. This in turn creates an isolation of "agassizii" from the genetic variations shared between other populations of green sea turtle in the Pacific.
Three possibilities have arisen from their unique characteristics; "agassizii" is a separate species from "mydas", the Galápagos green turtle is a subspecies of green sea turtle, or it is simply a color mutation. These facts have led to the debate over binomial separation however due to the significance of the DNA testing results there have been no distinctions made at this time.
Behaviour.
Galápagos green turtles’ lifestyle is similar to other populations of "Chelonians". The behavior of all sea turtles is difficult to track but many tagging experiments have been performed to assess migration patterns as well as feeding habits of "Chelonians" in the eastern Pacific. The results of this research indicates that the green sea turtles of the eastern Pacific including the Galápagos green turtles are highly migratory and ingest many different variations of forage including some animal matter. The female green turtles are known to nest colonially and to return to the same nesting beach every time they reproduce. This may be a result of comfort from past nesting success or it could be a result of returning to the origin of their own hatching beach. Populations in the eastern Pacific have also shown to return to the same foraging habitat after nesting and these areas are shared with other nesting colonies. Analysis of genetic data shows that populations in the eastern Pacific share the same life history but have developed variations of many details such as size and color. The populations in the Pacific and Indian Oceans are shown to have complete genetic isolation from the populations in the Atlantic and Mediterranean Sea. Black turtles are recorded to spend much of their maturation stage in the coastal areas off the Baja California peninsula in particular in the Bahia Magdalena lagoon and connecting channels. This particular area is rich in mangrove trees that provide forage and protection during this crucial stage of their lives. Another food source for the mature green turtles in the Pacific is marine algae, red alga is common along with green alga and also eelgrasses. This has been observed off the Bahia de los Angeles. In this area they have also been noted to consume many forms of animal matter as well. This may be incidental or intentional in origin, results are unclear. If incidental it may be a repercussion of consuming marine algae near the invertebrates or if intentional it may be to provide important nutrients, minerals, or proteins not obtained from vegetation.
Behaviours of hatchlings differ form that of adults. After a hatchling emerges from the sand it immediately guides itself out to sea. Hatchlings use the light of the night sky to find their way into the ocean. However in many areas with coastal development the hatchlings become confused from the false light and are sometimes guided in the wrong direction to their death, this is not as much of a problem for Galápagos green turtles due to lack of development in the islands. It is important that the hatchlings emerge at night to be protected from predators. They quickly move out to sea and swim for a period of up to 24 hours, this way they are far removed from shore and the predators in that area. They spend many years in the open ocean before entering the coastal habitat for the maturation period as juveniles. This period of maturation last from 10 to 20 years and for populations of black sea turtle is usually spent along the coasts of the Baja California peninsula and the connecting bays, lagoons, and channels that provide excellent forage and protection.
Economic significance to humans.
Now that the Galápagos green turtle is an endangered species it has little positive economic significance for humans. They have in the past been harvested from egg to adult for various human uses. The eggs and meat from all life stages was utilized in many areas as a food source for humans and the meat is still considered a delicacy in some countries of South America. They were also harvested for their hides and for the oils of their fat deposits used in cooking, however the Galápagos green turtle has less body fat than other populations so not as much oil was yielded from their bodies. Now the green turtles have more of a negative impact on human economics due to their status as endangered. They are often involved as bycatch in many ocean fisheries and are protected through many acts of legislation.
Conservation status.
As previously noted, the Galápagos green turtle, grouped with all populations of "Chelonia mydas", is listed on the IUCN Red List of threatened species. They were placed on the list in the mid 1980s and have remained under protection since. One of the major problems that have led to their decline is the slow growth rate and long period from juvenile to sexual maturity. Chelonians average a period of 26–40 years to maturity; the Galápagos green turtle averages 33 years. The green sea turtle has been shown to have the slowest growth rate of any species of sea turtle and is generally long-lived if left undisturbed. Over all populations of "Chelonia mydas" have seen a decrease of approximately 48-67% of nesting females, however the population that nests in the Galápagos has remained quite steady with little to no change. The population of nesting females recorded in the Galápagos from 1976-1982 was approximately 1400 individuals and after further evaluation in 1999–2001 they again found around 1400 nesting females.
Reductions in populations of Chelonia mydas are recorded in every ocean ecosystem that they inhabit and the contributing factors that have led to their decline are all anthropogenic. The main threats are harvesting of eggs and individuals, bycatch in marine fisheries, and degradation of the marine and coastal habitats. The most common accidental threat is the entanglement in fishing equipment with the most harmful methods being drift netting, shrimp trawling, long-lining, and dynamite fishing. There are now many pieces of legislation that ban these practices in protected areas.
For "Chelonians" inhabiting the eastern Pacific, including the Galápagos green turtle, the threats are the same. The main factor leading to decline in this area was the intense and unregulated fishing operations run off the coast of Mexico between 1950 and 1970. In many countries in Central and South America the meat of sea turtles is considered a delicacy and they are to this day poached and hunted directly. The mortality of the sea turtles near their foraging area of the Baja California peninsula is approximately 7800 deaths yearly and this has led many organizations to rally for governmental protection of this area for the species. It was noted that approximately 9 out of 100 individuals will survive a year in the waters of the Baja California peninsula and as previously stated this in an intense foraging ground for all population in the eastern Pacific. Even with the passing of new protective legislation and the many efforts of conservation organizations, populations are continuing to decline, and considering the long generation length of 42.8 years any hit on the population is difficult to recover from.
One of the many conservation efforts being implemented to increase populations at this time is the use of hatcheries for protected egg incubation. The goal of this type of project is to create a protected environment for the hatchlings where they can incubate and emerge from the sand without threat of predators and then be released out to sea safely. Unfortunately this is not the result that has been documented from the practice. Often when hatchlings emerge from the sand in the incubator they remain enclosed inside and expend much of their preserved energy trying to find a way out. They also lose the extremely important dark, night hours used to get far away from shore. When they are released out to sea it is often in the early morning hours of dusk when many predators are about and this limits their chance of survival. In addition to the threat of being released during dusk the hatchlings are also often too weak to gain a swift and long distance movement from shore due to the expended energy lost in the incubator after hatching. These results have led many to believe that hatcheries are ineffective and should only be used as a last resort. There is no extensive research showing the survival rate of the hatchlings after they are released to sea but one study proclaimed a possible 50% loss after release.

</doc>
<doc id="2913940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913940" title="Beachwood Canyon, Los Angeles">
Beachwood Canyon, Los Angeles

Beachwood Canyon is a community in the Hollywood Hills, in the northern portion of Hollywood in Los Angeles, California. The upper portion of the canyon is the Hollywoodland community that was advertised in the 1920s by the original of what is now known as the Hollywood Sign. The canyon features its own market, coffee shop and stables.
History.
Home to more than 22,000 residents, Beachwood Canyon was first developed in the 1920s by a syndicate composed of West Hollywood's founder, Gen. M. H. Sherman; "Los Angeles Times" publisher Harry Chandler; and real estate mogul Sidney Woodruff (who also developed Dana Point). The architects and landscapers who developed the enclave drew inspiration from the southern regions of France, Italy and Spain.
Film directors have favored the canyon over the years, so movies such as the original "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" (1956) were filmed there, with terrorized masses running down Belden Drive.
Education.
The neighborhood is zoned to LAUSD schools.

</doc>
<doc id="2913942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913942" title="RRD">
RRD

RRD may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2913944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913944" title="Devario annandalei">
Devario annandalei

Devario annandalei is a species of fish of the family Cyprinidae found in the Chao Phraya, Salween and Mekong river basins.

</doc>
<doc id="2913949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913949" title="Lee Jung Hyun II">
Lee Jung Hyun II

This is K-Pop singer Lee Jung Hyun's second album, released in 2000.
Miscellanea.
Track Names have been edited on 10/27/2012 using YouTube to match sound files & Google translate to convert Korean characters to English.

</doc>
<doc id="2913952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913952" title="Ray Muzyka">
Ray Muzyka

Ray Muzyka is a Canadian investor, entrepreneur and physician. Originally trained as a medical doctor and practicing as an emergency room and family physician after graduation, he is the co-founder of video game developer BioWare, and was CEO, senior vice president, and general manager of the BioWare label of Electronic Arts (comprising BioWare Edmonton, BioWare Austin, BioWare Montreal, BioWare Ireland, BioWare Victory, BioWare San Francisco, BioWare Sacramento and Mythic Entertainment). In October 2012 he announced that he was embarking on a 'third career' mentoring and investing in technology, new media, medical and social entrepreneurs, and impact investing.
Career.
Muzyka co-founded BioWare, which was incorporated in 1995, with the other co-founder of BioWare, Greg Zeschuk, in the early 1990s after they earned their medical degrees at the University of Alberta. After selling BioWare to Electronic Arts in 2008, Muzyka became a general manager and vice president at EA in addition to his CEO role at BioWare, and subsequently was promoted to senior vice president and general manager of the BioWare label at EA.
In addition to his project development role, Muzyka has also managed the financial, human resources, operations, marketing and legal business side of BioWare, and he completed his executive Masters in Business Administration (MBA) program in 2001 at the Ivey School of Business, UWO. He completed his Medical Doctorate (MD) in 1992 from the University of Alberta, and subsequently obtained his specialization from the Canadian College of Family Physicians (CCFP) in 1994. Muzyka was named as one of Canada's "Top 40 under 40" and the BDC Young Entrepreneur of the Year award in 1997. Muzyka also graduated from Old Scona Academic High School in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada where he took the International Baccalaureate program, finishing fourth world-wide and first in North America the year he graduated. Muzyka and Zeschuk were inducted into the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences' Hall of Fame in 2011. and received the Lifetime Achievement award from the International Game Developers Choice Awards in 2013.
Muzyka was from 2001-2008 a board member of the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences, and serves as a Director and Co-Chairman of CodeBaby Corp, another software company developing a next generation interface for digital media and the Internet. Muzyka joined the Stollery Children's Hospital Foundation as a volunteer Director on their Board of Trustees in September 2012. Muzyka is an active member of the Young Presidents' Organization (YPO), and a Charter Member of the A100 since 2012. He also serves as the Chair of the University of Alberta Venture Mentoring Service since fall 2013, a program intended to help develop, uplift and inspire University of Alberta student and alumni entrepreneurs by creating excellent mentorship experiences for both entrepreneurs and mentors.
In October 2012 Muzyka announced on the BioWare website that he was retiring from the video game industry and that he is moving on to a 'third career chapter', mentoring and investing in entrepreneurs in technology, new media, medical innovation, and social entrepreneurs and impact investing. He announced his new company, Threshold Impact, in early 2013, to be focused on "sustainable, profitable impact investing". In October 2012, he stated: 
An avid poker player who plays in the WSOP and other events each year, Muzyka won the inaugural DICE poker tournament, in 2006 which featured a range of notable poker celebrities such as Scott Fischman, Chris Ferguson and Perry Friedman, playing heads-up with Mike Morhaime from Blizzard Entertainment at the final table. He also became the only player thus far to win the DICE tournament twice, when he chopped the final table with three other players for first place again in the 2010 DICE tournament. He competed in the 2008 WCPC CPT Main Event (Western Canadian Main Event, Canadian Poker Tour) and chopped the final table with the final four players to take home the 2008 WCPC ring. He finished 374th of 7319 players in the 2010 Main Event of the WSOP.
Awards and recognition.
At the Game Developers Choice Awards, on March 27, 2013, Muzyka was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2913954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913954" title="Devario laoensis">
Devario laoensis

Devario laoensis is a species of danionin, a group of small minnow-type fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae. They are native to the fresh waters of Southeast Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="2913959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913959" title="Greg Zeschuk">
Greg Zeschuk

Dr. Gregory P. Zeschuk is a former VP at EA and General Manager at BioWare Austin, a studio within the BioWare Label - BioWare Corp. and Electronic Arts. He co-founded BioWare in 1995 with BioWare’s other co-founder and Group GM/CEO, Dr. Ray Muzyka, after earning their medical degrees from the University of Alberta.
Muzyka and Zeschuk were the Co-Executive Producers on "Shattered Steel", the "Baldur's Gate" series (PC), "MDK2", "MDK2: Armageddon", the "Neverwinter Nights" series, "" (Xbox and PC), "Jade Empire", the "Mass Effect" series and the "Dragon Age" series.
In addition to his development role, Zeschuk has completed his executive MBA program at Queen's School of Business. He also serves as a Director and Co-Chairman of CodeBaby Corp., another software company developing a next generation interface for digital media and the Internet.
Dr. Zeschuk announced his retirement from Bioware on September 18, 2012. He is currently involved in a number of projects related to the craft-beer industry, including the production of a web-based interview show known as "The Beer Diaries."
Awards and recognition.
At the Game Developers Choice Awards, on March 27, 2013, Zeschuk received the Lifetime Achievement Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2913964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913964" title="TransAlta Tri Leisure Centre">
TransAlta Tri Leisure Centre

The TransAlta Tri Leisure Centre is an activity centre formed as a union between the municipalities of Parkland County, Stony Plain and Spruce Grove in the Canadian province of Alberta. It is located in the west end of Spruce Grove. The Centre opened to the public on June 29, 2002.
It features:
Controversy.
In Parkland County, the construction of the TransAlta Tri Leisure Centre was met with some controversy, especially in the western-most parts of division 6. Too many residents of this division the centre was seen as another example of county initiatives and by-laws that favoured the eastern sub-divisions over the western rural residents. The proximity to Edmonton means that for most of the county's western residents it is only marginally more convenient to use the facility than one in Edmonton. Another controversial issue is the cost of construction. Due to the initial lack of use, fees to use the facilities are higher than other ones (such as those in Edmonton), in order to pay for the construction costs. This has also led to numerous complaints on the part of Parkland County residents.

</doc>
<doc id="2913990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913990" title="Lark News">
Lark News

Lark News is an online comedy website satirizing contemporary American Christian culture, specifically evangelicalism. It is written by author and freelance journalist Joel Kilpatrick. 

</doc>
<doc id="2913992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913992" title="Charlotte Maxeke">
Charlotte Maxeke

Charlotte Makgomo Maxeke (née Manye) (1871 or 1872 - 16 October 1939), a South African religious leader, social worker and political activist, was born probably at Fort Beaufort in the Eastern Cape. Her younger sister, Katie Makanya (née Manye) was born in Fort Beaufort on 28 July 1873.
Foreign travel.
As young women, both Manye sisters were members of an African choir that toured England 1891 - 1893 and performed for Queen Victoria. In 1894 Charlotte Manye joined a choir that went on tour to Canada and the United States and was offered a scholarship to study at Wilberforce University in Wilberforce, Ohio. While at Wilberforce she met and later married Marshall Maxeke. She graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1905. She and her husband returned to South Africa and founded the Wilberforce Institute.
Political activism.
Charlotte became active in the African Methodist Episcopal Church, in which she played a part in bringing to South Africa. The church later elected her president of the Women's Missionary Society. By 1919 she was active in the anti-pass laws demonstrating which led her to found the Bantu Women's League which later became part of the African National Congress Women's League.
Charlotte died at the age of 67 in Johannesburg.
Legacy.
Maxeke's name has been given to the former "Johannesburg General Hospital" which is now known as the "Charlotte Maxeke Johannesburg Academic Hospital". The South African Navy submarine "SAS Charlotte Maxeke" was named after her

</doc>
<doc id="2914015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914015" title="Ahn Ji-hwan">
Ahn Ji-hwan

Ahn Ji-hwan (; born July 24, 1969) is a South Korean voice actor, television presenter, radio presenter, and actor. He joined Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's voice acting division in 1993 and debuted with his role as Prince Dandarn (known as Prince Omar in South Korea) on the Korean dub of "Time Travel Tondekeman".
Since the early 2000s, Ji-hwan has narrated several entertaining shows at Seoul Broadcasting System, including "Animal Farm", "The Music Trend", and "Star King". On June 2012, the voice actor made his stage debut, performing the part of Edna Turnblad in a South Korean musical "Hairspray" based on a 1988 film under the same title.
Ji-hwan has become famous for his cover of Johnny Depp on the Korean dub of ', for his role as Det. Danny Messer on the Korean dub of ', and, even more recently, for his narration of "The Knee-Drop Guru" on a South Korean talk show "Golden Fishery".

</doc>
<doc id="2914016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914016" title="Hempfield Area School District">
Hempfield Area School District

Hempfield Area School District is a large school district in western PA. It is the largest in Westmoreland County with a resident population of over 50,000 and covers approximately and lies southeast of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The school district was formed in a merger of The School District of Hempfield Township, Adamsburg School District, Hunker School District, Manor School District and Youngwood School District on July 3, 1961. The school district population comes from Hempfield Township and the boroughs of Adamsburg, Hunker, Manor, New Stanton and Youngwood. It completely surrounds the city of Greensburg. The community is a mix of Pittsburgh suburbia and rural areas.<BR>
The school system includes five elementary buildings, three middle schools, a high school, an alternative education school and an after-school alternative education program. The Central Westmoreland Career and Technology Center serves Hempfield students in the high school. Hempfield Area School District is made up of approximately 6,600 students in grades K-12 and is served by a professional staff of 445, a support staff of nearly 300 and an educational administrative staff of 20.
Elementary schools.
Principal: Marty Rovedatti-Jackson
Principal: Alene Mancini
Principal: Dr. Raymond Burk
Principal: Randall Sarnelli
Principal: Audrey Dell
Middle schools.
Harrold Middle School is located directly across from the Hempfield Area High School in the central part of Hempfield Township, Pennsylvania. It is the largest of the three Hempfield Area Middle Schools. It is also the oldest school in the district. It was opened in 1929 and has been renovated extensively in 1985 and in 2000.
<br>Principal: Jason Lochner
Wendover Middle School is located in the eastern part of Hempfield Township, Pennsylvania. The school was opened in 1970 and is due to be renovated in the next few years. Students participate in a variety of district, regional, state, and national academic and athletic competitions. The students win numerous awards and championships annually. 
<br>Principal: Deanna Mikesic
West Hempfield Middle School is located in Irwin, Pennsylvania. It was opened in 1964 and was completely renovated and updated for the start of the 2003-2004 school year. Students participate in a variety of district, regional, state, and national academic and athletic competitions. The students win numerous awards and championships annually. West Hempfield Middle serves students in the western and now southern part of Hempfield Township. 
<br>Principal: Aaron Steinly<br>
High school.
Vocational Technical Services.
HAHS uses the services of Central Westmoreland Career and Technology Center in New Stanton for the students there who wish to choose a vocational or technical program.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Athletics.
-Hempfield Area Spartans Baseball
-Hempfield Area Spartans Basketball - 6-16
-Hempfield Area Spartans Bowling
-Hempfield Area Spartans Cross Country
-Hempfield Area Spartans Field Hockey
-Hempfield Area Spartans Football - 1-8
-Hempfield Area Spartans Golf
-Hempfield Area Spartans Rifle
-Hempfield Area Spartans Soccer
-Hempfield Area Spartans Softball
-Hempfield Area Spartans Swimming
-Hempfield Area Spartans Tennis -
Section champions 2003, 2004, 2005, 2010, 2011; 
Head coach: Jerry Way
-Hempfield Area Spartans Track and Field
-Hempfield Area Spartans Volleyball - Logan Karanovich (captain)
-Hempfield Area Spartans Wrestling
2006 Strike.
After their contract ran out over the summer, the Hempfield Area teachers went on strike on September 21, 2006, after the school board rejected the new contract by a 5 to 4 vote.
Hempfield teachers were planning to strike on February 23, 2007 if a contract was not agreed upon but this is no longer the case.

</doc>
<doc id="2914018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914018" title="John Goto">
John Goto

John Goto (born 1949, Stockport, England) is a British photographic artist. His work addresses a range of historical, cultural and socio-political subject areas, often using a satirical approach. 
His first one-person exhibition, "Goto, Photographs 1971-81", was held at the Photographers’ Gallery, London, in 1981. Other solo shows include "Terezin", Raab Gallery, Berlin, 1988; "The Scar", Manchester City Museum and Art Gallery, 1993; "The Commissar of Space", MOMA, Oxford, 1998; "Loss of Face", Tate Britain, London, 2002; "High Summer", The British Academy, London, 2005; "Dreams of Jelly Roll", Freud Museum, London, 2012.
Goto was Artist-in-Residence at Kettle’s Yard/ University of Cambridge, 1988-9.  
Books include "Ukadia", published to coincide with a solo exhibition at Djanogly Art Gallery, Nottingham, 2003, and "Lovers’ Rock", which is a series of portraits made in 1977 by Goto, of young British Afro-Caribbeans.

</doc>
<doc id="2914034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914034" title="Washington metropolitan area">
Washington metropolitan area

The Washington metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States. The area includes all of the federal district and parts of the U.S. states of Maryland and Virginia, along with a small portion of West Virginia.
The U.S. Office of Management and Budget defines the area as the Washington–Arlington–Alexandria, DC–VA–MD–WV metropolitan statistical area, a metropolitan statistical area used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other agencies. The area includes as its principal cities Washington as well as the Virginia county of Arlington and city of Alexandria. The Office of Management and Budget also includes the metropolitan statistical area as part of the larger Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area, which has a population of 9,331,587 as of the 2012 Census Estimate.
The area is also sometimes referred to as the National Capital Region, particularly by federal agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security. Another term used to describe the region is the DC Metro or DC Area. The area in the region that is surrounded by Interstate 495 is also referred to as being "inside the Beltway".
The Washington metropolitan area is the most educated and, by some measures, the most affluent metropolitan area in the United States. , the population of the Washington metropolitan area was estimated to be 5,860,342, making it the largest metropolitan area in the Census' Southeast region and the seventh-largest metropolitan area in the country.
Composition.
The U.S. Census Bureau divides the Washington statistical metropolitan area into two metropolitan divisions:
Note that "metropolitan area" and "metropolitan statistical area" should not be confused with "Metropolitan Division".
Political subdivisions.
The area includes the following counties, districts, and independent cities:
Maryland.
The following counties are categorized as part of the Washington–Arlington–Alexandria, DC–VA–MD–WV metropolitan statistical area:
Although associated with the Washington metropolitan area, the following counties are categorized as part of the Baltimore–Towson, MD metropolitan statistical area:
Although associated with the Washington metropolitan area, the following county is categorized as part of the California-Lexington Park, MD Metropolitan Area:
Virginia.
Counties and independent cities (independent cities are listed under their surrounding county or parent county):
Regional organizations.
Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments.
Founded in 1957, the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments (MWCOG) is a regional organization of 21 Washington-area local governments, as well as area members of the Maryland and Virginia state legislatures, the U.S. Senate, and the U.S. House of Representatives. MWCOG provides a forum for discussion and the development of regional responses to issues regarding the environment, transportation, public safety, homeland security, affordable housing, community planning, and economic development.
The National Capital Region Transportation Planning Board, a component of MWCOG, is the federally designated metropolitan planning organization for the metropolitan Washington area.
Principal cities.
The metropolitan area includes the following principal cities (most of which are not incorporated as cities; one, Arlington, is actually a county):
Demographics.
Politics.
The relative strength of the major political parties within the region is shown by the presidential election results since 1960, as presented in the table to the right.
Racial composition.
The area has been a magnet for international immigration since the late 1960s. It is also a magnet for internal migration (persons moving from one region of the U.S. to another). Census estimates show that persons of post-1965 immigrant stock will likely represent 25% of the region's population by 2010, forming a bigger population bloc than native blacks for the first time.
Racial composition of the Washington, D.C. area:
Social indicators.
Education
The Washington metropolitan area has ranked as the highest-educated metropolitan area in the nation for four decades. As of the 2006–2008 American Community Survey, the three most educated places with 200,000 people or more in Washington–Arlington–Alexandria by bachelor's degree attainment (population 25 and over) are Arlington, Virginia (68.0%), Fairfax County, Virginia (58.8%), and Montgomery County, Maryland (56.4%). "Forbes" magazine stated in its 2008 "America's Best- And Worst-Educated Cities" report: "The D.C. area is less than half the size of L.A., but both cities have around 100,000 Ph.D.'s."
Health
The Washington, D.C. metro area has held the top spot in the American College of Sports Medicine's annual American Fitness Index ranking of the United States' 50 most populous metropolitan areas for two years running. The report cites, among other things, the high average fitness level and healthy eating habits of residents, the widespread availability of health care and facilities such as swimming pools, tennis courts, and parks, low rates of obesity and tobacco use relative to the national average, and the high median household income as contributors to the city's community health.
Income
In recent years the Washington metropolitan area has overtaken the San Francisco Bay Area as the highest-income metropolitan area in the nation. The median household income of the region is US$72,800. The two highest median household income counties in the nation – Loudoun and Fairfax County, Virginia – are components of the MSA (and #3 is Howard County, officially in Baltimore's sphere but strongly connected with Washington's); measured in this way, Alexandria ranks 10th among municipalities in the region – 11th if Howard is included – and 23rd in the entire United States. 12.2% of Northern Virginia's 881,136 households, 8.5% of suburban Maryland's 799,300 households, and 8.2% of Washington's 249,805 households have an annual income in excess of $200,000, compared to 3.7% nationally.
Women
According to a report by the American Human Development Project, women in the Washington metropolitan area are ranked as having the highest income and educational attainment amongst the 25 most populous metropolitan areas in the nation, while Asian American women in the region had the highest life expectancy, at 92.3 years.
Economy.
The various agencies of the Federal Government employ over 140,000 professionals in the Washington D.C. area. A sizable number in the Washington D.C. area work for defense and civilian contracting companies that conduct business directly with the Federal Government (many of these firms are referred to as 'Beltway Bandits' under the local vernacular). As a result, the Federal Government provides the underlying basis of the economy in the region. However, the Washington D.C. area is increasingly home to a diverse segment of businesses not directly related to the Federal Government.
The Washington, D.C. area has the largest science and engineering work force of any metropolitan area in the nation in 2006 according to the Greater Washington Initiative at 324,530, ahead of the combined San Francisco Bay Area work force of 214,500, and Chicago metropolitan area at 203,090, citing data from U.S. Census Bureau, the Bureau of Labor Statistics, Claritas Inc., and other sources.
The Washington, D.C. area was ranked as the second best High-Tech Center in a statistical analysis of the top 100 Metropolitan areas in the United States by American City Business Journals in May 2009, behind the Silicon Valley and ahead of the Boston metropolitan area. Fueling the metropolitan area's ranking was the reported 241,264 tech jobs in the region, a total eclipsed only by New York, Los Angeles, and the combined San Jose–San Francisco–Oakland regions, as well as the highest master's or doctoral degree attainment among the 100 ranked metropolitan areas. A Dice.com report showed that the Washington–Baltimore area had the second-highest number of tech jobs listed: 8,289, after the New York metro area with 9,195 jobs.
The Washington D.C. area is home to hundreds of major research universities, think tanks, and non-profit organizations. Additionally, Washington, D.C. is a top tourism destination as flocks of Americans and foreigners from around the world visit the museums and monuments of the Capital city year round with the peak season being during the Spring and Summer months of April through August. Moreover, the Washington D.C. area attracts tens of major conferences and conventions each year which also contribute greatly to the region's economy.
Changes in house prices for the D.C. area are publicly tracked on a regular basis using the Case–Shiller index; the statistic is published by Standard & Poor's and is also a component of S&P's 10-city composite index of the value of the U.S. residential real estate market.
Primary industries.
Biotechnology
Not limited to its proximity to the National Institutes of Health, Maryland's Washington suburbs are a major center for biotechnology. Prominent local biotech companies include MedImmune, The Institute for Genomic Research, Human Genome Sciences, and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
Defense contracting
Many defense contractors are based in the region to be close to the Pentagon in Arlington. Local defense contractors include Lockheed Martin, the largest, as well as Raytheon, General Dynamics, BAE Systems, Northrup Grumman, Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), CACI, and Orbital Sciences Corporation.
Largest companies.
The following Fortune 500 companies are headquartered in the region:
History.
The 2005 Base Realignment and Closure resulted in a significant shuffling of military, civilian, and defense contractor employees in the Washington D.C. area. The largest individual site impacts of the time are as follows:
BRAC 2005 was the largest infrastructure expansion by the Army Corps of Engineers since World War II, resulting in the Mark Center, tallest building they have ever constructed, as well as National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency Campus East, which at 2.4 million square feet is the largest building the Corps have constructed since the Pentagon.
Culture.
Sports teams.
Listing of the professional sports teams in the Washington metropolitan area:
Media.
The Washington metropolitan area is home to USA Today, C-SPAN, PBS, and BET. The two main newspapers are The Washington Post and The Washington Times. Local television channels include WRC-TV 4 (NBC), WTTG 5 (FOX), WJLA 7 (ABC), WUSA 9 (CBS), WDCA 20 (MyNetworkTV), WETA-TV 26 (PBS), WDCW 50 (CW), and WPXW 66 (Ion). NewsChannel 8 is a 24/7 local news provider available only to cable subscribers. Radio stations serving the area include: WETA-FM, WIHT, WMAL-AM, and WTOP.

</doc>
<doc id="2914037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914037" title="Roosevelt Island Bridge">
Roosevelt Island Bridge

The Roosevelt Island Bridge is a lift bridge that connects Roosevelt Island in Manhattan to Astoria in Queens, crossing the East Channel of the East River. It is the sole route to the island for vehicular and foot traffic (without using public transportation).
Construction of the bridge began on March 17, 1952, at a cost of $6.5 million. It opened on May 18, 1955, as the Welfare Island Bridge. The name was changed to the Roosevelt Island Bridge in 1973.
When the bridge is open it provides ships with of vertical clearance. It is wide, and its total length, including approaches, is . The main span is .
Before the bridge was constructed, the only way vehicles could access Roosevelt Island was via an elevator on the Queensboro Bridge.
The Roosevelt Island Bridge provides direct access to the Motorgate Parking Garage, which was designed to minimize vehicular traffic on the island. The garage was completed in 1974 and later expanded in 1990.
In 2001, the New York City Department of Transportation considered converting the Roosevelt Island Bridge into a fixed bridge to reduce the cost of its maintenance. The bridge is rarely opened, because most vessels passing by Roosevelt Island use the West Channel of the East River. Most of the bridge openings occur in September during the General Assembly at the United Nations when the West Channel is closed for security reasons.
See also.
Roosevelt Island Tramway

</doc>
<doc id="2914045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914045" title="East Forsyth High School">
East Forsyth High School

East Forsyth High School is located in the town of Kernersville in Forsyth County, North Carolina. It is laid out in a college-campus style with numerous small buildings rather than a single large building. 
Facilities.
East Forsyth currently has a total of nine main classroom buildings; four buildings house eight classrooms, two others house ten classrooms, and one houses up to sixteen. Two "pod" trailers are housed in the back of the campus. There are also two gyms, an auditorium, cafeteria, courtyard, technology building, and an office building with a library. 
Recently completed renovations on campus have ultimately changed the entire school. A two-story, "L" shaped building has been built; it houses 16 classrooms, office facilities, as well as a new media center. The existing office building has been renovated as well; it now houses fine arts as well as the business and technology education programs on campus. The auditorium and some of the current buildings have been updated, and new traffic pattern is also in place for the campus.
Athletics.
East Forsyth High School offers many sports including Swimming, Wrestling, Track, and Football. 
The full list of East Forsyth's Athletic programs includes: Baseball, Basketball, Soccer, The Eaglettes Dance Team, Cheerleading, Softball, Cross Country, Swimming, Tennis, Football, Volleyball, Golf, Wrestling, and Track and lacrosse
In 1992, East Forsyth won its only State football championship to date. Led by Head Coach Joe Bill Ellender and the AP all state trio of, quarterback Joe Lagarde, and OL/DL leaders James Clyburn and Gary Wadford, the Eagles completed a 15-0-0 season by defeating Northern High School (Durham, NC) in the NCHSAA 4A championship game and finished with a ranking of #15 in the USA TODAY super 25 poll.
In 2008, East Forsyth Had its second best season by going 12–2. That record was just beat in 2012 with East Forsyth Going 13–1 with an undefeated 11-0 regular season.
East Forsyth's main rival is near-by Glenn High School. In past football seasons, the East-Glenn game was one of the first games of the year. Now with both teams in the Piedmont-Triad 4A conference, it is the finale of the season.
Clubs.
East Forsyth High School has many opportunities when it comes to after-school (and in some cases, before-school) clubs. Some of the clubs available to students are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="2914054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914054" title="Tragus (ear)">
Tragus (ear)

The tragus is a small pointed eminence of the external ear, situated in front of the concha, and projecting backward over the meatus. It also is the name of hair growing at the entrance of the ear. Its name comes from the Greek: "tragos", goat, and is descriptive of its general covering on its under surface with a tuft of hair, resembling a goat's beard. The nearby antitragus projects forwards and upwards. 
Because the tragus faces rearwards, it aids in collecting sounds from behind. These sounds are delayed more than sounds arriving from the front, assisting the brain to sense front vs. rear sound sources. 
In a positive fistula test (for the presence of a fistula from cholesteatoma to the labyrinth), pressure on the tragus causes vertigo or eye deviation by inducing movement of perilymph. 

</doc>
<doc id="2914056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914056" title="LeRoy Irvin">
LeRoy Irvin

Leroy Irvin was a member of the Los Angeles Rams from 1980 to 1989. He played cornerback. He played in the Pro Bowl in 1985 and 1986. He currently holds the record for most punt return yards in a single game (207) against the Atlanta Falcons in 1981. Irvin is one of only a few players in NFL history to be named all-pro at two positions. Irvin was born in Fort Dix, NJ and attended high school at Glenn Hills High School in Augusta, Georgia. He began his college career in 1976 at the University of Kansas. 
For his career, Irvin made two pro bowl appearances (1985,1986) and was named all-pro four seasons (1981, '82, '85 and '86). He currently works with former Los Angeles Rams teammate Vince Ferragamo at End Zone Mortgage in Anaheim Hills, CA. He most recently started a company alongside former Los Angeles Rams teammate Eric Dickerson called Original Mini Jerseys. The company holds an NFL license and offers a unique sports memorbilia product. He appeared in the 1985 team promotional video "Ram It", where he called himself the "Iceman" and stated that interceptions were his game.
He was an assistant football coach at California State University Northridge in 1992.
Irvin is the father of four children (Leroy III, Charles, Sarah, and Julius) and currently resides in Anaheim Hills, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2914062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914062" title="Volta a Catalunya">
Volta a Catalunya

The Volta a Catalunya is a popular road bicycle race held annually in Catalonia, Spain. It is a part of the UCI World Tour programme, ranking second behind the Vuelta a España in popularity for Spain. Due to its place in the riding calendar (after the Giro d'Italia), it was long viewed as an important Tour de France preparation race for cyclists. After the inauguration of the ProTour, the race moved to May, making it an alternative for the Giro. This didn't prove to be a successful change, and for the 2010 season, the race organisation announced a move to late March, the date formerly held by another Catalan stage race, the Setmana Catalana. The first edition was held in January and lasted for three days.
The overall winner receives a white and green striped jersey. It is one of 28 races that make up the UCI World Ranking calendar. There are also three other classifications. The winner of the points classification (sprints) wears a white jersey, a red jersey the winner of the mountain classification and the jersey of the Catalonia national cycling team is for the best classified Catalan. There is also a team classification.
The Volta a Catalunya is the fourth-oldest cycling stage race in the world (first time in 1911), only behind the Tour de France (1903), Tour of Belgium (1908) and the Giro d'Italia (1909). Only the amateur and sub-23 Volta a Tarragona (1908) is older than the Volta a Catalunya in Catalonia and the Iberian Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="2914063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914063" title="Cipher runes">
Cipher runes

Cipher runes, or cryptic runes, are the cryptographical replacement of the letters of the runic alphabet. 
Preservation.
The knowledge of cipher runes was best preserved in Iceland, and during the 17th and the 18th centuries, Icelandic scholars produced several treatises on the subject. The most notable of these is the manuscript "Runologia" by Jón Ólafsson (1705–79), which he wrote in Copenhagen (1732–52). It thoroughly treats numerous cipher runes and runic ciphers, and it is nowadays preserved in the Arnamagnæan Institute in Copenhagen.
Jón Ólafsson's treatise presents the Younger Futhark in the Viking Age order, which means that the m-rune precedes the l-rune. This small detail was of paramount importance for the interpretation of Viking Age cipher runes because in the 13th century the two runes had changed places through the influence of the Latin alphabet where "l" precedes "m". Since the medieval runic calendar used the post-13th-century order, the early runologists of the 17th and the 18th centuries believed that the l-m order was the original one, and the order of the runes is of vital importance for the interpretation of cipher runes.
Structure of the ciphers.
In the runic alphabet, the runes have their special order and are divided into groups. In the Younger Futhark, which has 16 letters, they are divided into three groups. The Icelandic tradition calls the first group (f, u, þ, ã, r and k) "Freyr's "ætt"", the second group (h, n, i, a and s) "Hagal's "ætt"" and the third group (t, b, m, l and R) Tyr’s "ætt"". However, in order to make the inscription even harder to decipher, Freyr's "ætt" and Tyr's "ætt" change places so that group one is group three and vice versa. There are numerous forms of cipher runes, but they are all based on the principle of giving the number of the "ætt" and the number of the rune within the "ætt".
The tent runes are based on strokes added to the four arms of an X shape: Each X represents two runes and is read clockwise, the strokes on the first arm representing the "ætt" (row of eight runes: (1) "fuþarkgw," (2) "hnijæpzs," (3) "tbemlŋod)," the strokes on the second arm denote the order within that "ætt".
The branch runes are similar, the strokes being attached to a vertical stem and branching upwards. Strokes on the left indicate the "ætt", and strokes on the right the order within the "ætt".
There are variants of these two schemes, such as inverting the numbers (counting backwards the "ætts," and the runes within the "ætts)." Tree runes and hook runes are like branch runes, with the strokes pointing downward diagonally and curving downward, respectively. These may be mixed: in the phrase "ek vitki" at left, "ek" is written in straightforward branch runes, but "vitki" is written with the "ætts" as hooks and the order as branches.
There are several runestones using such devices of obscuring the inscription, especially found on Orkney.
A comparable system of letter modification is that of the Ogham "scales" recorded in the Ogam Tract.

</doc>
<doc id="2914106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914106" title="Earby">
Earby

Earby is a small town and civil parish within the Borough of Pendle in Lancashire, England. It is north of Colne, south-west of Skipton, and north-east of Burnley. The parish had a population of 6,183 recorded in the 2011 census,
Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, from 1909 to 1974, Earby formed an urban district. Since 1974 Earby has been in the West Craven area of Pendle, has a town council, and is part of the West Craven Area Committee on Pendle Borough Council.
Other smaller nearby towns include Thornton in Craven and Sough.
Earby also had its own railway station, but it was closed in 1970. The station was an interchange with the small branch to Barnoldswick.
The Yorkshire Dales Lead Mining Museum is based in the old Grade II* listed Grammar School building.
Local media.
Earby is served by television from both Leeds and Manchester; ITV (Yorkshire Television) and BBC North are both transmitted from the television mast at East Marton, north of Earby. BBC North West and ITV (Granada Television) are both received directly from the main Winter Hill transmitter. The BBC has a relay that overlooks Earby and has the four main BBC national FM radio stations (Radio 1 to 4). Fresh Radio in Skipton covers the area on MW 1413 kHz.
The local press is published weekly; the "Barnoldswick and Earby Times" is published on Fridays and is covered at Pendle Today. Some of the Yorkshire press is circulated in the area - due to the geographical anomaly. The "Craven Herald & Pioneer" and "Yorkshire Post" are prominent.
In 2012, a local radio station was broadcast for the first time. West Craven Community Radio is an online based station that serves the community of West Craven area of Pendle and beyond, including listeners afar as San Francisco.
Currently airing 3 days a weeks and run by non-paid volunteers, it is anticipated the station will go 7 days a week in late 2012 and early 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2914110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914110" title="Tex Willer">
Tex Willer

Tex Willer is the main fictional character of the Italian comics series "Tex", created by writer Gian Luigi Bonelli and illustrator Aurelio Galleppini, and first published in Italy on 30 September 1948. It is among the most popular characters of Italian comics, with translations to numerous languages all around the world. The fan base in Brazil is especially large, but it is very popular also in Finland, Norway, Turkey, Croatia, France, Tamil Nadu, and Spain.
The Tex Willer series is an Italian-made interpretation of the American Old West, inspired by the classical characters and stories of old American Western movies.
Tex is depicted as a tough guy with a strong personal sense of justice, who becomes a ranger (even if living in Arizona) and defends Native Americans and any other honest character from exaction and greed of bandits, unscrupulous merchants and corrupt politician and tycoons.
Native Americans are portrayed in a complex way, emphasizing positive and negative aspects of their culture. The same can be said of the American authorities, like the US Army, the politicians, the business-men, the sheriffs or the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Tex had a son, named "Kit Willer" (who would become a ranger too), with a Native American woman, named "Lilyth", the daughter of a Navajo Chief (she would later die of smallpox). Later, Tex himself went on to become the Chief of the Navajo tribe.
Tex is not only featured in a monthly comic book series, but also in a special series called Tex Albo Speciale (sometimes called "Texone", meaning big Tex, because of their bigger size). The Texone have around 240 pages and some artists known outside the Tex universe have been involved, like Jordi Bernet, Joe Kubert and Ivo Milazzo.
Fictional character background.
The first Tex Willer's adventure appeared on 30 September 1948, as a comic strip. The "first" Tex is an unwillingly outlawed man with a strong code of honour: to kill only for self-defence. Almost immediately, however, Tex becomes a ranger. Thanks to the marriage with the beautiful Navajo girl Lilyth, he becomes Chief of the Navajos, known as "Eagle of the Night", and a defender of Native American rights. Tough, loyal, infallible with guns, enemy of prejudice and discrimination, Tex is very quick and smart, and has a marked disregard for strict rules; on the other side, he has no pity for criminals, of every race and census, nor regard for their rights, if they do not immediately cooperate with the law.
Tex's closest friend in almost every adventure, since he became a ranger, is Kit Carson, loosely inspired to the historic figure of the same name. A main role has been held by Tex Willer's son, Kit Willer, and by the Navajo warrior Tiger Jack; though importance of last two has been diminishing in recent stories. Other recurring characters include El Morisco (a kind of warlock-scientist of Egyptian origin, living in the north-east of Mexico), the Mexican Montales (originally a bandido that fought against a corrupted government, and after a successful politician), the Canadian trapper Gros-Jean, the Irish boxer Pat Mac Ryan, the Mounties Colonel Jim Brandon, San Francisco Police Department Captain Tom Devlin, the Apache chief Cochise, and the Navajo wizard Red Cloud.
Tex Willer's nemesis is Mefisto, an evil magician and illusionist. Other enemies include Yama (Mefisto's son), The Black Tiger (a Malay prince who hates the white race and wants its annihilation in the USA), and Proteus (able to shapeshift his own face, and impersonate other people).
During the American Civil War Tex fought for the Union, although his home state, Texas, sided with the Confederacy. He participated in the battle of Glorieta Pass and briefly served in the 7th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.
Foreign versions.
In Argentina, Tex was published in the 50s by "Editorial Abril" in his weekly magazine "Rayo Rojo", with the name of "Colt Miller".
In Brazil, Tex has been published uninterruptedly since 1971. Currently, it is being published by Mythos Editora.
In Finland, Tex Willer was published 1953–1965. After a break of five years, Tex Willer has been published continuously since 1971. The series is still popular and 16 numbers are published a year.
In India, Tex was published in the 80s by the South Indian Tamil Comics publisher, Lion comics. The series is still regularly being published in Lion Comics, latest being "NilavoliyilOru Narabali " (- meaning Massacre in the Moonlight ) released this June 2013, due to its wide popularity among the generations.
In Israel, Tex was published in 70s, reprinted several times since in limited editions, latest one in 2007.
In Norway, Tex Willer has also run continuously since 1971, with from 11 to 17 numbers (each on 114 pages) issued a year.
In former Yugoslavia, Tex was published in the late 60s, 70s, and 80s, and was very popular among other Bonelli characters such as Zagor.
In the 90s after the break-up of Yugoslavia Tex Willer starts publishing in Croatia
In the United States, Tex Willer appeared in an original book called "The Four Killers", written by Claudio Nizzi and illustrated by legendary comic author Joe Kubert. It was published by Dark Horse Comics.
Other media.
In 1985 Tex became a movie directed by Duccio Tessari: "Tex e il signore degli abissi" (Tex And The Lord Of The Deep).
The story depicted in the movie is a transposition from the comic books n. 101-103 of the collection, written by Gian Luigi Bonelli.
The movie was meant to be the pilot of a TV Series but had very little success.

</doc>
<doc id="2914114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914114" title="Office of Fair Trading">
Office of Fair Trading

The Office of Fair Trading (OFT) was a not-for-profit and non-ministerial government department of the United Kingdom, established by the Fair Trading Act 1973, which enforces both consumer protection and competition law, acting as the UK's economic regulator. The OFT's goal is to make markets work well for consumers, ensuring vigorous competition between fair-dealing businesses and prohibiting unfair practices such as rogue trading, scams and cartels. Its role was modified and its powers changed with the Enterprise Act 2002.
The Department for Business Innovation and Skills (BIS) announced reforms to the UK consumer protection and competition regimes. Under the provisions of the Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Act 2013, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) was established on 1 April 2014 combining many of the functions of the OFT and the Competition Commission and superseding both. Regulation for the consumer credit industry passed from the OFT to the new Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) from April 2014.
Role.
The majority of the OFT’s work consists of analysing markets, enforcing consumer and competition law, merger control, licensing and supervisory work (of consumer credit, estate agency, anti-money-laundering supervision), advocacy, delivering information, education programmes and campaigns to business and consumers.
Studies into how markets are working.
The OFT investigates markets to see whether they are working well for consumers and customers. Where appropriate, studies will lead to market investigation references to the Competition Commission, to enforce action, consumer awareness campaigns or to recommendations to government, which will be published.
Communication to explain and improve awareness and understanding.
Showing how competitive markets that work well are important for consumers, fair dealing businesses and economic performance; explaining its decisions transparently; promoting compliance by explaining to business what the law is and how the OFT will apply it; promoting consumer awareness and confidence; coordinating effectively with enforcement partners locally, nationally and internationally, and advising government on how to achieve the most effective regime for competition and consumers.
Structure.
The OFT works under a structure that is arranged by markets rather than legislation with a Services, Infrastructure and Public Markets group and a Goods and Consumer group. Officials specialising in the different legal and regulatory regimes working closely together in each of these two groups. This enables the OFT to look more easily at whole markets and to use all the tools available to improve them if they are not operating effectively. The OFT will use consumer and competition enforcement, market studies and references, education and communication in whatever combination is appropriate. These market sector groups sit alongside other OFT groups - mergers, and cartels and criminal enforcement. The OFT is situated off Fleet Street, near to Blackfriars station. It is next to St Bride's Church.
Markets and Policies Initiatives.
Based on expanded powers granted under the Enterprise Act 2002, the OFT explores how different market sectors operate, in order to help markets work well. They may research one particular market in detail or, for example, how codes of practice or professional rules operate across different markets in a range of businesses. The results of the research, which are published, help the OFT to assess what action, if any, needs to be taken to protect consumers' interests. They may recommend stronger enforcement, or a change in the regulations, or suggest an awareness raising campaign for consumers (but will not always recommend intervention and when this is the case, will ensure that any non-intervention decision is well-informed and open to public scrutiny).
In 2006, the OFT restructured in response to Treasury proposals for splitting the department into separate consumer and competition regulators. The OFT argued that to protect consumers effectively, it had to be able to use both consumer law and competition law approaches in a holistic fashion. Moving away from division by legislative area, the OFT created divisions based on market sector. These officials are supported by a dedicated economics branch also including statisticians and financial analysts (the Office of the Chief Economist), a legal specialist, and a policy advisory branch.
Cases.
Credit card charges.
In 2006 the OFT investigated the charges being imposed on customers of credit card companies. In its report, the OFT confirmed these charges were unlawful as they amounted to a penalty, rather than the actual losses suffered by the companies. It said it would be prepared to investigate any charge over £12 (£16 for Egg credit card accounts) indicating that £12 would not be a "fair and acceptable charge" itself. The OFT said it would be up to a court to determine such an amount based on the established legal precedent that the only recoverable cost would be actual costs incurred, i.e. liquidated damages.
The credit card companies did not produce evidence of their actual costs to the OFT, instead insisting their charges are in line with clear policy and information provided to customers. Charges have been as much as £38 per item, which campaigners argue is well beyond the cost of sending a computerised letter.
Debt Management Companies.
On September 2010 the OFT sent warnings to 129 firms after its review of debt management companies found widespread problems, with firms putting profits ahead of customer care. Since it issued that warning, 87 firms have surrendered their licenses.
Transfer of cash ISAs.
In March 2010 Consumer Focus submitted a super-complaint to the OFT raising concerns that transferring cash ISAs were taking too long and there were arbitrary rules preventing transfers into some of the most attractive accounts and that interest rates were not sufficiently transparent.
The OFT responded in June 2011with a number of recommendations to ensure that transfers of cash ISAs work better and that there is greater transparency of interest rates. This included the following agreements from cash ISA provider to:
• comply with new industry guidelines to complete end-to-end transfers within 15 working days, and
• provide personalised interest rate information on cash ISA statements delivered in electronic and/or paper form.
Reckitt Benckiser.
In April 2011 the OFT fined Reckitt Benckiser £10.2million after it found that it had abused its dominant position in the market for the NHS supply of alginate and antacid heartburn medicines. The OFT found that Reckitt Benckiser abused its dominant position by withdrawing and de-listing Gaviscon Original Liquid from the NHS prescription channel in 2005.
Groupon.
In March 2012, the OFT accepted undertakings from 'daily deals' company MyCityDeal Ltd, which trades as Groupon, to change some of its trading practices following an OFT investigation.
The investigation found widespread examples of Groupon's practices which in the OFT's view breached consumer protection regulations. The OFT had specific concerns over practices involving reference pricing, advertising, refunds, unfair terms, and the diligence of its interactions with merchants.
Groupon engaged openly and constructively throughout the investigation and signed undertakings that it will change its practices to comply with the law.
Hotel Online Booking.
In September 2012, the OFT commenced an investigation into the Hotel Online Booking Sector. The complainant, a small UK-based online travel agent, Skoosh, claimed that the hotels it bought room bookings from were under pressure from other resellers to maintain minimum prices. On the 31st July 2012 the OFT issued a Statement of Objections against Booking.com, Expedia and Intercontinental Hotels. In the OFT's provisional view the parties had infringed competition law. In January 2014 the OFT accepted commitments proposal from the defendant parties in lieu of any fines. The OFT's Mr Rasmussen acknowledged there was a chance the set-up could lead to further monopoly, but he said the OFT would be monitoring movements in the market. In March 2014, the price comparison site, Skyscanner, challenged the OFT's decision with the UK's Competition Appeal Tribunal. 
Reputation.
The OFT has been criticized for being ineffective and for many of its investigations leading to no action, in contrast to the more vigorous approach of US (United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division) and European Union (Directorate-General for Competition) regulators. Criticism has been levied, among others, in the cases of:
The National Audit Office issued a report in March 2009 on the OFT's competition enforcement work which indicated progress in 7 out of 10 objectives, but also concluded:
According to the same report, in 2007-08 the OFT estimated that its competition enforcement work led to direct savings to consumers worth £77m per year and that its market studies work had saved consumers £98m in 2007-08; the OFT costs for these areas of work in the same year were approximately £26million of its £78m expenditure in 2007-8.
The OFT board.
The board is
Super Complaints.
The following bodies and companies are designated by the Secretary of State as being able to bring a super-complaint to the OFT:

</doc>
<doc id="2914118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914118" title="Actionism">
Actionism

Actionism can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2914124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914124" title="Yumemi Kobo">
Yumemi Kobo

Yumemi Kōbō (夢見 工房) is a device sold by the Japanese company Takara Toys that is claimed to be able to induce lucid dreams. 
Measuring some 35 inches in height, the device is equipped with a picture frame, a voice recorder, a timer, a fragrance dispenser, musical recordings, and speakers. This assortment of components is claimed to be able to induce a dream about a pre-selected theme while the user sleeps; it periodically activates in concert with the user's rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stages. A "Wired News" report described the method of operation :
The manufacturer claims that the recommended fragrance and music selections are based on sleep research—"there is a logic behind the selections". It nevertheless will not guarantee satisfactory outcomes to its customers.

</doc>
<doc id="2914126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914126" title="Milnor conjecture">
Milnor conjecture

In mathematics, the Milnor conjecture was a proposal by of a description of the Milnor K-theory (mod 2) of a general field "F" with characteristic different from 2, by means of the Galois (or equivalently étale) cohomology of "F" with coefficients in Z/2Z. It was proved by .
Statement of the theorem.
Let "F" be a field of characteristic different from 2. Then there is an isomorphism
for all "n" ≥ 0, where "K" denotes the Milnor ring.
About the proof.
The proof of this theorem by Vladimir Voevodsky uses several ideas developed by Voevodsky, Alexander Merkurjev, Andrei Suslin, Markus Rost, Fabien Morel, Eric Friedlander, and others, including the newly minted theory of motivic cohomology (a kind of substitute for singular cohomology for algebraic varieties) and the motivic Steenrod algebra.
Generalizations.
The analogue of this result for primes other than 2 was known as the Bloch–Kato conjecture. Work of Voevodsky and Markus Rost yielded a complete proof of this conjecture in 2009; the result is now called the norm residue isomorphism theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="2914128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914128" title="Milnor K-theory">
Milnor K-theory

In mathematics, Milnor K-theory was an early attempt to define higher algebraic K-theory, introduced by . 
Definition.
The calculation of "K"2 of a field "F" led Milnor to the following ad hoc definition of "higher" "K"-groups by
thus as graded parts of a quotient of the tensor algebra of the multiplicative group "F"× by the two-sided ideal, generated by the 
for "a" ≠ 0, 1. For "n" = 0,1,2 these coincide with Quillen's K-groups of a field, but for "n" ≧ 3 they differ in general. We define the symbol formula_3 as the image of formula_4: the case "n"=2 is a Steinberg symbol.
The tensor product on the tensor algebra induces a product formula_5 making formula_6 a graded ring which is graded-commutative.
Examples.
For example, we have formula_7 for "n" ≧ 2;
formula_8 is an uncountable uniquely divisible group; 
formula_9 is the direct sum of a cyclic group of order 2 and an uncountable uniquely divisible group; 
formula_10 is the direct sum of the multiplicative group of formula_11 and an uncountable uniquely divisible group; 
formula_12 is the direct sum of the cyclic group of order 2 and cyclic groups of order formula_13 for all odd prime formula_14. 
Applications.
Milnor K-theory plays a fundamental role in higher class field theory, replacing formula_15 in the one-dimensional class field theory.
Milnor K-theory modulo 2, denoted "k"*("F") is related to étale (or Galois) cohomology of the field "F" by the Milnor conjecture, proven by Voevodsky. The analogous statement for odd primes is the Bloch–Kato conjecture, proved by Voevodsky, Rost, and others.
There are homomorphisms from "k""n"("F") to the Witt ring of "F" by taking the symbol
where the image is a Pfister form of dimension 2"n". The image can be taken as "I""n"/"I""n"+1 and the map is surjective since the Pfister forms additively generate "I""n". The Milnor conjecture can be interpreted as stating that these maps are isomorphisms.

</doc>
<doc id="2914153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914153" title="Merril Hoge">
Merril Hoge

Merril DuAine Hoge (; born January 26, 1965) is a former professional American football player. He played eight seasons at running back for the NFL's Pittsburgh Steelers and Chicago Bears, retiring after the 1994 season. Since 1996 he has been a football analyst for ESPN television.
Early years.
Hoge was born and raised in Pocatello, Idaho. After graduating from Highland High School in 1983, he stayed in town to play college football for the Idaho State University in the Big Sky Conference. Hoge was a three-time all-conference selection at running back.
Pro football career.
The Pittsburgh Steelers selected Hoge in the 10th round of the 1987 NFL Draft with the 261st pick overall. After seven seasons with the Steelers, Hoge signed with the Chicago Bears in 1994, but played in only five games with six carries and 13 receptions.
During a road game against he Kansas City Chiefs, Hoge received a concussion and, five days later, the team doctor approved him to resume playing during a telephone call without examining him to determine if he had recovered; he was still suffering post-concussion symptoms.
Hoge sustained another concussion several weeks later, and had to be resuscitated after he stopped breathing. He spent 48 hours in the intensive-care unit and was forced to retire due to brain injury. Hoge had to learn to read again and experienced memory loss, confusion and headaches. He later sued the Bears team doctor and won a $1.55 million judgment. Steelers team physician, neurosurgeon Joseph Maroon, had established a baseline for evaluating cognitive effects of concussions, so when Hoge continued to experience impairment after several weeks, he returned to Dr. Maroon for a new evaluation. Maroon's team found a "marked disparency", informing Hoge that further concussions would risk permanent brain damage. Upon receiving this information, Hoge retired.
In his career, Hoge gained 3,139 rushing yards and 2,133 receiving yards, scoring 34 touchdowns. While playing fullback in the Steelers offense, he scored 10 touchdowns in 1990.
Broadcast career.
In 1996, Hoge was hired as an on-air analyst for ESPN. Hoge is a well-known short-tie aficionado.
Personal.
Cancer.
Hoge injured his shoulder in an automobile accident in June 2002 and had an operation to repair a torn ligament. During an examination six months after surgery, Hoge told his doctor, Jim Bradley, also the Steelers' team physician, about a recurring back pain. Bradley began ordering tests to determine the cause. On February 14, 2003, Hoge was diagnosed with stage II Non-Hodgkin lymphoma. He had the first of six chemotherapy treatments on February 28.
Soon after treatment began, Stanley Marks, Hoge's oncologist at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, gave him a 75-80% chance of prolonged remission.
Family.
Hoge lives in Fort Thomas, Kentucky with his son Beau (born 1997) and daughter Kori (born 1993). Fort Thomas is a suburb of Campbell County, Kentucky, across the river from Cincinnati, Ohio where Cris Collinsworth also calls home. When Hoge was playing for the Pittsburgh Steelers, his wife Toni, who had previously resided there, did not want to live in Pittsburgh. Accordingly, he deferred to her choice and Fort Thomas became their home. Toni and Merril are now divorced.
His mother died when he was 19.
Philanthropy.
Hoge has served on the board of directors of the Highmark Caring Foundation since the early 1990s. He also ran the "Hoge-Bruener-Ward Celebrity Golf Classic" for over ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="2914154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914154" title="Associated Wholesale Grocers">
Associated Wholesale Grocers

Associated Wholesale Grocers (AWG) is the second-largest retailer-owned grocery wholesaler in the United States, after Wakefern Food Corporation. The cooperative serves over 1,900 stores in 21 states with a complete assortment of grocery, fresh meat, fresh produce, specialty foods, health care, and general merchandise items. Through an extensive distribution network and eight distribution centers, AWG and its subsidiaries deliver to over 2,500 retail outlets in 24 states. It was founded in 1924 as Associated Grocers of Kansas City and is based in Kansas City, Kansas. Associated Wholesale Grocers distributes three brands of grocery products, "Best Choice", "Clearly Organic" and "Always Save".
AWG provides its retail members, many of them family-owned businesses, with assistance in establishing a strategic position in their marketplace that builds upon their unique strengths. AWG's procurement and marketing departments are positioned to assist members in developing plans to excel in virtually any effort, and resources are structured to provide support services that allow members the best opportunity to win at retail.
AWG has been distributing success since 1924 and sales have grown steadily since then. As in previous decades, sales continue to rise – from $4.95 billion in 2006 to $7.25 billion in 2010. Also in 2010, sales of AWG’s private label products reached the $1 billion mark for the first time.
History.
In 2007, AWG acquired its newest distribution center in Fort Worth, Texas. This facility is AWG’s largest, at 1.1 million square feet, and serves members in Texas, New Mexico, and Louisiana. Also, AWG built a new, state-of-the-art distribution center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Having outgrown the previous warehouse, AWG built this 800,000 square foot facility to better serve its members in Oklahoma, northern Texas, and southern Kansas.
In 2009, AWG acquired Affiliated Foods Southwest.
In 2011, AWG broke ground on its newest division in Pearl River, Louisiana. The new Gulf Coast Division will provide great accessibility and low cost delivery of groceries to independent retailers in Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Florida.
In 2013 AWG was the only bidder for Belle Foods a Birmingham, Alabama based grocery store chain. The US Bankruptcy Court Judge of Northern Alabama will decide to accept or reject the Associated Wholesale Grocers bid of $16.1 million.

</doc>
<doc id="2914175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914175" title="Choi Won-hyeong">
Choi Won-hyeong

Choi Won Hyeong () is a Korean voice actor.
He joined the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's voice acting division in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2914176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914176" title="Kalwa, Thane">
Kalwa, Thane

Kalwa () is a small town on the outskirts of the Indian city of Mumbai,with a railway station on the Central Line of the Mumbai Suburban railway. It is located in northern Thane and is a suburb of the Thane city. Kalwa comes under the Thane Municipal Corporation. The Kalwa bridge links Kalwa and Thane city.
Kalwa has also been an important industrial hub in the city of Mumbai. The massive industrialization around the Belapur Road, passing through Kalwa has supposedly turned it into one of the biggest industrial and manufacturing hubs in India. The important old Mumbai-Pune highway passes through Kalwa. The leading industrial product of this town is fuel filters for Ford Motor Corporation.
Like many or rather most small towns in India, Kalwa has several big and small temples. The town hosts shooting ball tournaments every year on Maharashtra Day (May 1). Many players from this town and nearby area have played at state and national level in this game.
Location.
Coordinates:N 19° 11', W 72° 59' 
31 km north east of Mumbai on the western coast of India. It is close to Navi Mumbai Airoli node via the Thane-Belapur road. Kalwa is situated between Parsik Hills on the east and Thane Creek on the west.
Transport.
Kalwa is well connected to Mumbai, Thane and nearby suburbs by road and railway. Old Mumbai Pune Road (NH 4) pass through Kalwa. Bus service is provided by TMT (for inter-city transport and connections to Thane), BEST (for connections to Ghatkopar route no.494 and Marol depot route no.C-43) and NMMT (for connections to Vashi route no.81). 
Kalwa is also connected to Thane and Kalyan via the Mumbai suburban local train system on the central line.

</doc>
<doc id="2914183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914183" title="Ana (programming language)">
Ana (programming language)

In contexts of solar physics and data analysis, Ana is a somewhat whimsically named computer language that is designed for array processing and image data analysis. The name is an acronym for "A Non Acronym". Ana began as a fork of an early version of IDL, but has diverged significantly since then.
It is in common use at the Lockheed-Martin Space Applications Laboratory and at institutions that analyze data from the TRACE spacecraft, but is not commonly used elsewhere. Ana appears to be intended as free software though it is not distributed under a recognized FOSS license. It is available as source code, primarily through the Solarsoft distribution system.
The most commonly used application written in Ana is the TRACE image browser, which is designed for browsing and viewing time-lapse movies collected by TRACE, SOHO, Yohkoh, and other observatories.
Ana homepage: [http://ana.lmsal.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="2914192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914192" title="Girard Avenue">
Girard Avenue

Girard Avenue is a major east-west thoroughfare in Philadelphia that forms sections of U.S. Route 13 and U.S. Route 30 and is named for Franco-American financier Stephen Girard. It stretches through several major neighborhoods of Philadelphia, including West Philadelphia, Fishtown, Kensington, and Port Richmond. SEPTA streetcar service along Girard Avenue is provided by the Route 15 trolley. Additionally, the street includes two Girard (SEPTA Broad Street Line station) Girard (BSL station), serving the Broad Street Line and Girard (MFL station), serving the Market–Frankford Line.
The street is currently the northern edge of the gentrification of the Fairmount and Northern Liberties sections of the city.
Institutions of note along the street include the Philadelphia Zoo, the shrine of Saint John Neumann, Girard College, and Saint Joseph's Preparatory School.

</doc>
<doc id="2914200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914200" title="Piedmont Hills High School">
Piedmont Hills High School

Piedmont Hills High School is a comprehensive public four-year high school located in the Berryessa neighborhood of San Jose, California, USA. It is part of the East Side Union High School District and is the second highest performing school in the district, based on California's Academic Performance Index. It is currently a California Distinguished School and has received various awards in several aspects of its curriculum. Together with Independence High School and Yerba Buena High School, Piedmont Hills is one of a few schools in the district to have its own music program.
The school began operation in 1965, under founding principal Gerald R. Bocciardi.

</doc>
<doc id="2914221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914221" title="Trans (album)">
Trans (album)

Trans is the twelfth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young, released in 1982. Partially recorded and released during his Geffen era in the 1980s, "Trans" baffled many Neil Young fans. A Sennheiser Vocoder VSM201 features prominently in six of the nine tracks. While the album was poorly received, some critics point out that the melodies are strong and that the album involves Young addressing new musical movements, as he did previously on "Rust Never Sleeps" and later with the grunge movement on "Mirror Ball".
Originally released as an LP, the album was re-issued in 1998 on CD, although not in the US.
Background.
In 1982, Young left Reprise Records, his record label since his debut album in 1968, to sign with Geffen Records — the label founded and owned by David Geffen, who had worked with Young as manager of Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. Young's contract guaranteed him $1 million per album, as well as total creative control over his output.
From late 1980 to mid-1982, Young spent much of his waking hours carrying out a therapy program for his young son, Ben, who was born with cerebral palsy and unable to speak. Neil disclosed to almost no one at the time that he was doing so, or that the repetitive nature of the songs on both the previous album, "Re-ac-tor", and this one related to the exercises he was performing with Ben. Work on "Trans" began in late 1981 as a continuation of "Re-ac-tor", with the usual Crazy Horse lineup. But then Young started playing with two new machines he had acquired, a Synclavier and a Vocoder. Crazy Horse guitarist Poncho Sampedro recalled, "Next thing we knew, Neil stripped all our music off, overdubbed all this stuff, the vocoder, weird sequencing, and put the synth shit on it."
Young's direction was influenced by the electronic experiments of the German band Kraftwerk, but more importantly he felt that distorting his voice reflected his attempts to communicate with his son. "At that time he was simply trying to find a way to talk, to communicate with other people. That's what "Trans" is all about. And that's why, on that record, you know I'm saying something but you can't understand what it is. Well, that's exactly the same feeling I was getting from my son."
Young's first work for Geffen was a group of songs for an entirely different project, "Island in the Sun", recorded in May 1982 in Hawaii. According to Young, it was "a tropical thing all about sailing, ancient civilisations, islands and water." Young recalled later, "Geffen thought it was okay, but he didn't think it was good enough."
Instead of recording more new material, Young went back to the synthesizer tracks, actually recorded in the last days of the Reprise contract, and put together an album of songs from the two very different projects, three from "Island in the Sun" and six of the synthesizer tracks. Young proposed making a video to go with the album that would have clarified what the album was about. "All of the electronic-voice people were working in a hospital, and the "one" thing they were trying to do is teach this little baby to push a button."
After a year of work, the album was mixed in a hurry because Young was eager to go out on tour, and a last-minute change in the running order is evident in the inclusion of a song called "If You Got Love" in the track listing and lyric sheet, even though it is not on the album.
Portions of several tracks appeared in Young's 1982 feature length comedy film "Human Highway".
"Trans", along with Young's next Geffen release "Everybody's Rockin'", formed the basis of a 1983 lawsuit filed against Young by Geffen on the grounds that he had produced deliberately uncommercial and unrepresentative work.
Track listing.
All songs written by Neil Young.
Covers by notable artists.
American alternative rock band Sonic Youth covered the song "Computer Age" during their "Daydream Nation" era.

</doc>
<doc id="2914222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914222" title="The Secret Hide-Out">
The Secret Hide-Out

The Secret Hide-Out is a children's novel written and illustrated by children's author John Peterson, who also created "The Littles". It was originally published as a hardback title by Four Winds Press in 1965, then became a long-running paperback for Scholastic Press and its book clubs, through the 1970s.
The book is an adventure story about two brothers, Matt and Sam Burns, who discover the log book of the Viking Club, a kind of junior secret society of boys from a generation or so earlier. While Sam wants to skip the log's details and go straight to look for their old meeting place (the Secret Hide-Out), Matt wants to see if they can first pass the club's membership tests, as they are explained, and be "worthy" of going as prospective members... if the Hide-Out still exists. Another local boy called Beany joins them in their quest... and as it turns out, an original Viking Club member who learns of their plan prepares to meet them.
While the book does not include the complete "original" Viking Club log, it does include enough details and illustrations to show how such a club would initiate new members, and a style for presentation and decorum. A section in the back gives full instructions on making regalia for club members, including masks, whistles, shields and (dull-pointed) spears. These could be easily made by the book's target audience, with mostly household materials, a bushel-basket lid being the hardest item to obtain.
The Viking Club was apparently based on Peterson's son Matt's own Viking Club, and the book doubtless inspired any number of "secret clubs" among its readers. A sequel to the book, "Enemies of the Secret Hide-Out", appeared in 1966, and was also a longtime title for Scholastic.

</doc>
<doc id="2914226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914226" title="Jupiter (company)">
Jupiter (company)

Jupiter Corporation is a Japanese video game and hardware development studio that focuses on handheld consoles. It is based in Kyoto, though they have a secondary branch in Tokyo. Jupiter’s motto is “Let’s Play! Let’s Smile!”

</doc>
<doc id="2914229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914229" title="President's Management Agenda">
President's Management Agenda

The President's Management Agenda (PMA) is an initiative, announced by U.S. President George W. Bush in 2001, to make the U.S. federal government more efficient and effective. In its drive to make government more "citizen-centered, market-based, and results-oriented," the agenda emphasizes regular performance reviews for departments, increased managerial flexibility, and greater accountability for employees, in all cases drawing on techniques and models popular in the private sector. Reviews examine five areas: human capital, financial accountability, competitive sourcing, e-government, and budget and performance integration. Agencies and Departments are scored each quarter by the Office of Management and Budget (and the Office of Personnel Management for Human Capital). As with the balanced scorecard management approach popular in the private sector, scoring is on red-yellow-green stoplight. Scores are given for "progress" and "status." Details and scores are maintained on a public website, results.gov

</doc>
<doc id="2914230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914230" title="East Side Cadet Academy">
East Side Cadet Academy

The East Side Cadet Academy is a military high school in the Evergreen area of San Jose, California, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="2914236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914236" title="Buck Rogers (song)">
Buck Rogers (song)

"Buck Rogers" is the eleventh single by Feeder. It was the first single to be taken from the "Echo Park" album and was released on The Echo Label. The track reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart after its release on 8 January 2001. The group had originally not intended the track to be one of theirs, as frontman and main songwriter of the band Grant Nicholas, originally wrote "Buck Rogers" for SR-71, only for producer Gil Norton and A&R staff of Echo to convince the band they could have a hit with it themselves, after hearing a demo recorded by Feeder.
The song title was inspired by the television show of the same name as Nicholas wanted to create a futuristic sound. Critical reaction was largely positive with the song being named one of Kerrang! magazine's "666 Songs You Must Own" in November 2004, and appearing on various other lists, despite NME giving a heavy negative reaction, claiming that the single would be "Lucky to reach the top 30". The music video for "Buck Rogers" was directed by Markus Walter and features footage of the group performing the song inside an elephant named "Daisy", situated in an underground car park.
Background.
The song was written by frontman Grant Nicholas for their third album "Echo Park". During the year the band played festivals in the UK which previewed the material they were working on at the time, and would then play a series of small venues near the end of the year. Amongst the new songs they played, was their then forthcoming new single "Buck Rogers".
The song is about a relationship ending, in which the character in the song meets a person named "Buck Rogers" who owns a "brand new car" that "looks like a Jaguar". His partner leaves him for the "Buck Rogers" character, which leads him to say "but I don't want to talk about it anymore", before looking on a positive side saying that he thinks he's going to make it through if he buys "a house in Devon", and starts "all over again" with her. The character then reunites with his friends to "drink cider from a Melon". Grant has said that the song employs an element of humour upon closer scrutiny.
The track's name came about when Grant was playing on a keyboard and invented a piece of music he said was "futuristic", and asked his engineer Matt Sime what to call the piece. They both thought "Buck Rogers" would sound appropriate for a working title which then stuck. The recorded demo was originally for SR-71, but was convinced by producer Gil Norton not to part with the song as he believed the band could have a hit with it.
The first ever live performance of "Buck Rogers" at Glastonbury in 2000 featured the lyrics "Driving wheel to stone" instead of "Looks like a Jaguar", the song has been played at every gig on tour, one-off gigs and festivals, until the May 2008 tour, which saw the song dropped from setlists (excluding TV appearances and a gig supporting Coldplay), for the first time in its history. Since then the song has made a comeback into the bands sets. It also appeared in the video game , the DVD & VHS versions of the 2003 Human Bodyboarding Teahupoo Challenge, as well as the high-impact Top Gun style opening sequence of 2001 film "Behind Enemy Lines".
Music video.
The video starts with the band walking out from a spaceship, which is disguised as an elephant. During the first chorus after they walk out they are holding various fast food items, while looking around the velodome looking complex, wondering where they have landed. After the chorus, shots of the band standing still in mid-air positions are shown, and then the band mostly performing the song in fast motion with occasional freeze-frame shots added in.
Before the last chorus, the band make their way back inside the elephant spaceship and look surprised as the inside is bigger than it looks on the outside. Here the band perform the last verse playing on instruments already inside the elephant, while the camera pans round the band before the screen turns black as the song ends at the same time.
The video was shot in Berlin, Germany in an underground car park and a sports complex.
Reception.
In the UK the single was released on January 8, 2001. The song was played on Radio 1 and appeared on their A-list, meaning the single would be in high rotation.
On the day of single release, the band performed an in-store at the now closed London branch of Tower Records. Due to the single selling strongly during the course of the week, the band were invited onto "The Pepsi Chart Show" on Channel 5, and BBC One's "Top of the Pops". The band were forced to cancel two signings as a result of this.
Chart performance.
"Buck Rogers" entered the charts at #5 in the United Kingdom, it went on to spend a second week in the top 10 at #8.
In South Africa, the track was very well received by radio DJ's by reaching #1 on the 5FM top 40. Later in the year the band were invited by the radio station as a headline act for their 26th birthday celebrations concert, due to the success the band had with them at the time.
After the top 5 success of the single, Grant was asked in an April 2001 edition of a Feederweb fanzine if he felt under pressure to deliver another radio-friendly song, in reply he said:-
Grant said in a 2005 Q magazine interview that he did not want to be remembered for it, as he said it is "a throwaway pop song" and he is more of a dark songwriter. However, he said if it was not for the song, Feeder would not be here today.
All-time list appearances.
"Buck Rogers" has made numerous appearances in the all-time lists conducted by Kerrang! magazine, and the radio station XFM. The track charted at #37 in a December 2002 readers poll conducted by Kerrang!. This was later followed up by four successive appearances in the annual XFM "X-List", with a #25 peak in 2004. Kerrang!'s writers have also approved of the track as one of the "666 Songs You Must Own", when it appeared at #5 in the rock songs list in November 2004. In May 2009, listeners of XFM were invited to vote for their top 10 fave British singles of all-time; their top song would get 10 points, while their 10th song would get just the one with all the points added up to compile the order. "Buck Rogers" ended up at #86 in their all-time top 100 list with "Just a Day" at #81. "Buck Rogers" also features in the book "The Xfm Top 1000 Songs of All Time".
After "Buck Rogers".
Feeder continued to have chart success after "Buck Rogers", despite many critics labelling the band as One-hit wonders. Drummer Jon Lee however died in January 2002 after taking his own life, before the band made their return to the live stage in August later that year, with the highlight being a well-received set on the second stage of the Reading Festival. "Comfort in Sound" became a big success in their homeland and was recorded with Mark Richardson on drums. It propelled Feeder to a brief arena status which ended after "Silent Cry" fell behind sales expectations, but last played arenas in 2006, two years before the album was released.
After releasing three more top 10 albums from "Comfort in Sound" onwards, which included a singles album, Mark parted company to return to a reformed Skunk Anansie, before Karl Brazil joined the band as an unofficial member. He was later joined by Damon Wilson and Tim Trotter as additional session drummers. Karl is however the only drummer in the current line-up to have recorded with the band. Feeder's chart success has however not been on the same level as in the past, but still chart regularly in the top 20 albums listing.
The Echo Label, who released "Buck Rogers", folded as a record label in 2008, leading to Feeder to search for a new deal. Although there were deals on the table, Feeder decided to create their own label Big Teeth Music. In 2010, Matt Sime retired from the music business.

</doc>
<doc id="2914241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914241" title="Eddie LeBaron">
Eddie LeBaron

Edward Wayne LeBaron, Jr. (born January 7, 1930) is a former American football quarterback in the 1950s and early 1960s in the National Football League.
Early career.
LeBaron was born in San Rafael, California and graduated from Oakdale High School in Oakdale, California and went on to the College of the Pacific (now the University of the Pacific). He played there from 1946 to 1949, lettering all four years and achieving All-American honors in 1949 after leading them to an undefeated season. He was a two-way, 60 minute player, as a quarterback on offense, safety on defense, and punter on special teams.
Military service.
LeBaron was commissioned in the Marine Corps reserves while in college and served as a lieutenant in the Korean War after graduation. He was wounded twice and was decorated with the Purple Heart. For his heroic actions on the front lines, he was awarded the Bronze Star. Due to his diminutive size, 5 feet, 7 inches, and leadership skills from his military service, he was sometimes known as the "Littlest General".
Professional career.
LeBaron was drafted in the tenth round (123rd overall) of the 1950 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins and played with them through 1959, except for 1954 when he played in the Canadian Football League. He signed with the Calgary Stampeders because his college coach, Larry Siemering from the College of the Pacific, was coaching there. 
In his seven seasons with the Redskins he started 55 of a possible 72 games at quarterback (he played in 70 of those 72 games). He was also the primary punter for his first three seasons with Washington (he would punt 171 times for a total of 6,995 yards in five NFL season, with 164 of those coming in 1952, 1953, and 1955.)
To build the roster of the expansion Cowboys, Dallas was allowed to pick certain players from certain teams per league rules. Founder Clint Murchison selected LeBaron, the Redskins' Pro Bowl quarterback. LeBaron would become the Cowboys' first starting quarterback. Redskins owner George Preston Marshall had forgotten to move LeBaron to the team's "protected" list.
He was the starting quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys for their first three seasons, 1960 to 1962. LeBaron started 10 of 12 games in 1960, with the rookie Don Meredith starting one and Don Heinrich starting the other. He also scored the Cowboys' first-ever touchdown in their first exhibition game against the San Francisco 49ers, on August 6, 1960 in Seattle. LeBaron started 10 of 14 games in 1961, with the young Don Meredith starting the other four. He only started five games in the 1962 season, but split time with Don Meredith almost evenly. He started the first game of the 1963 season, but was replaced permanently by Meredith for the rest of the season, with LeBaron becoming Meredith's backup. 
He retired at the end of 1963, after playing 12 seasons, throwing for 13,399 yards and 104 touchdowns. He was selected for the Pro Bowl four times in 1955, 1957, 1958, and 1962. The shortest quarterback to ever be selected to the Pro Bowl, LeBaron was known primarily as a ball-handler and elusive scrambler. 
After football.
LeBaron became a football announcer for CBS Sports after his NFL career, and worked as an announcer from 1966 to 1971. He had obtained a law degree during his off-seasons from football, and practiced law after his football career. He was also the general manager of the Atlanta Falcons from 1977 to 1982 and executive vice president from 1983 through 1985. LeBaron is an avid golfer and continues to play golf in his retirement.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1980, into the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame in 2004 and was a charter inductee into the Sac-Joaquin Section Hall of Fame in October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2914248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914248" title="Hylton Philipson">
Hylton Philipson

Hylton ("Punch") Philipson (8 June 1866 in Tynemouth, Northumberland, England – 4 December 1935 at Hyde Park, London, England) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Oxford University between 1887 and 1889 and for Middlesex between 1895 and 1898.
Cricketing career.
Throughout his career Philipson was competing for the wicket-keeper's spot in the English Test side with Gregor MacGregor, which resulted in him playing in only five Test matches for England, which he did on the 1891/2 and 1894/5 tours of Australia. He also toured India with George Vernon in 1889, though this tour did not include any Tests.
Philipson went to Eton and had a good record as a schoolboy cricketer, before going to Oxford, where he got his blue and where he became captain in 1889. He also represented Oxford at tennis, rackets and Association football. His highest first-class innings was his 150 for the University against Middlesex in 1887, and in this year he was selected to play for the Gentlemen at both Lord's and the Oval.
Family.
At birth his name was registered as "Hilton Philipson". He was the uncle of multi-talented sportsman Maxwell Woosnam, an Olympic and Wimbledon champion at lawn tennis and one-time captain of the England national football team. Philipson has been described as "one of those late Victorian gentleman amateurs quite indecently blessed by fortune". He owed his own wealth to the Northumbrian coal mines.
Gardening.
Philipson was a noted gardener. A visit to Japan on the way back from the Test series in Australia in 1895 inspired him to apply knowledge that he acquired there to estate of Stobo Castle, near Peebles, in the Scottish Borders. Stobo had originally been in the family of Philipson's wife, the Honourable Nina Murray, until their exile following the Jacobite rising of 1745. The Japanese-style water garden that Philipson created at Stobo between 1909-13 has been maintained, despite a succession of owners after the estate was sold shortly after his death. Stobo was acquired in 1971 by Leo Seymour, whose family still own it, and is occasionally open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="2914252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914252" title="Radio Kootwijk">
Radio Kootwijk

Radio Kootwijk is a small town in the Dutch municipality of Apeldoorn, with approximately 120 inhabitants (in 2006). It is situated in a heather- and forest-rich territory in the Veluwe region, east of the sandhills of the Kootwijkerzand and the town of Kootwijk.
The housing accommodations of Radio Kootwijk arose as a result of the building of a shortwave transmitter site with the same name, starting in 1918. The transmitters played an important role in the 20th century as a communication facility between the Netherlands and its then colony of Dutch East Indies. In 1923 Dutch PTT started trans-oceanic telegraphy using a longwave transmitter (a 400KW high frequency alternator) from the German Telefunken company under the callsign PCG, in the 24 kHz and 48 kHz. By 1925 the longwave transmitter was changed by a shortwave tube based, electronic transmitter which had a much better performance due to the better propagation of shortwaves. With this new technology, in 1928 a radio-telephonic connection was established. At the end of World War II, the German occupying forces blew up the transmitter. Afterward some of the radio towers were rebuilt.
Due to the development of new technologies like satellite communication, Radio Kootwijk lost its position as main overseas wireless connection point of the Netherlands. In 1980, the last transmission mast was blown up. In 2004 the park lost its last transmitter functions, and was transferred from the KPN company (successor to PTT) to the State Forestry Commission, which started attracting new buyers. The main building of the former transmitter park, designed by Dutch architect Julius Maria Luthmann and named 'Building A', 'The Cathedral' or sometimes 'The Sphynx', was officially appointed as a monument. It is used as venue and scenery for several cultural events and productions, including the American film Mindhunters in 2004.
References.
http://www.radiokootwijk.com

</doc>
<doc id="2914258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914258" title="Yerba Buena High School">
Yerba Buena High School

Yerba Buena High School is a public comprehensive four-year high school located in the East San Jose area of San Jose, California, USA. It has been the safest school in the East Side Union High School District for three consecutive years and its athletic teams are well-known. This school has the Engineering MAGNET program and the Construction MAGNET program. 
The student body is roughly 10% from other South and Central America countries such as (Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras), 55% Mexican and 40% Vietnamese American, with a small student body of Filipino Americans, Cambodian Americans, Africans Americans, Caucasians, in addition. [http://ybhs.ca.campusgrid.net/home/Information]
"Yerba Buena" means "good herb" in the Spanish language. 
Students can check their grades in their pre-made schoolloop account.
The school underwent renovations and finished winter break 2011-2012.
Sports.
Baseball, 
Basketball, 
Badminton, 
Cross-country, 
Football, 
Tennis, 
Track-and-field, 
Volleyball, 
Wrestling, 
Swimming, 
Soccer, 
and 
Softball.

</doc>
<doc id="2914282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914282" title="The Virgin Tour">
The Virgin Tour

The Virgin Tour is the debut concert tour by American singer-songwriter Madonna. The tour supported her first two studio albums, "Madonna" (1983) and "Like a Virgin" (1984). Although, initially planned for an international audience, the tour was restricted within United States and Canada only. Warner Bros. decided to send Madonna on the tour, after "Like a Virgin" became a success. After its official announcement on March 15, 1985, Madonna and her team started working on it. Madonna wanted the tour to be a reflection of her own self and collaborated with designer Maripol for the costumes. Beastie Boys were signed as the opening act, while record producer Patrick Leonard was signed as the music director for the tour.
The stage was triangular in shape and consisted of ramps around it, with lighting arrangements hanging about 30 feet above the stage. Four giant screens lined the outer perimeter of the stage, on three sides. The set list consisted of songs from "Madonna" and "Like a Virgin"; the songs were performed by Madonna, who was backed by two dancers, as she moved energetically across the stage. The show ended with Madonna in a wedding dress, performing "Like a Virgin" and "Material Girl".
The Virgin Tour received mixed reception from critics, but was a commercial success. As soon as the tour was announced, tickets were sold everywhere. Macy's New York department store was flooded with buyers, who bought the tour merchandise like the crucifix earrings and fingerless gloves. After its end, the Virgin Tour was reported to have grossed over $5 million ($ million in dollars), with "Billboard" Boxscore reporting a gross of $3.3 million ($ million in dollars). The tour was recorded and released in VHS, as "", and received a gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). With the commencement of the Virgin Tour, people—especially women—thronged to see it, wearing clothes inspired by Madonna. This frenzy regarding Madonna gave rise to a new term called Madonna wannabe—a word that was ultimately officially recognized by the Webster's Dictionary in May 1991.
Background.
The Virgin Tour was officially announced on March 15, 1985, by Warner Bros. Records. Prior to the tour, Madonna's only live performances were limited to evening shows at nightclubs like Danceteria, CBGB and Mudd Club, and only the 1984 MTV Video Music Awards, where she performed her song "Like a Virgin". Following the success of the "Like a Virgin" album, the record label wanted to milk-in the success of the album by sending Madonna on a worldwide tour. However, the tour was restricted within United States and Canada. It did not visit Europe, Asia or other continents. Early on there were plans to schedule dates in Britain and Japan due to Madonna's large fan bases in both countries, however the final schedule did not reflect the idea. In the end several more U.S. dates were added and the tour was moved to larger concert venues due to overwhelmingly strong ticket sales. Madonna was quite nervous to perform in front of a huge audience, and singing with a live band for the first time. During a 2009 interview with "Rolling Stone", interviewer Austin Scaggs asked Madonna regarding her feelings and emotions during the tour, since it was the first time she was playing in arenas. Madonna replied saying,
"That whole tour was crazy, because I went from playing CBGB and the Mudd Club to playing sporting arenas. I played a small theater in Seattle, and the girls had flap skirts on and the tights cut off below their knees and lace gloves and rosaries and bows in their hair and big hoop earrings. I was like, 'This is insane!' After Seattle, all of the shows were moved to arenas. I've never done a bus tour. Everyone says they are really fun."
Development.
After the tour was confirmed, Madonna and her troupe started working on it. Madonna wanted it to be "loud and brazen, and a reflection of my street-style and DGAF attitude." She wanted a concert where people can enjoy themselves as much as she would enjoy performing. Commenting on the development, Madonna said "I normally hate performances where there is just a singer singing, and a lame-ass band playing in the background; or shows where there is a rocker screaming his lungs out and jumping on the crowd. That just plain sucks! That's why I wanted something different, something that would be memorable." For the show, Madonna collaborated with her designer friend Maripol for the clothes and the fashion. Maripol operated a small fabric boutique called Maripolitan in Greenwich Village, where the designs and the clothes for the tour were decided by her and Madonna. Rehearsals for the show started in late February, with auditions and choosing the dancers going on in-between. Madonna specifically wanted male back-up dancers, citing that the "provocating moves that I do on stage works better with men beside me." To further promote the tour, Warner Bros. Entertainers Merchandise Management Corp. introduced the Boy Toy collection, named after the belt buckle Madonna wore on the "Like a Virgin" album cover picture. It consisted of a rectangular buckle, with the words "Boy" and "Toy" emblazed on it in gold color. For choosing a music director for the tour, Madonna's manager Freddy DeMann contacted record producer Patrick Leonard, who had just returned from the Victory Tour by The Jackson 5. At first Leonard said no, feeling exhausted from the Victory Tour, but after he spoke to Madonna on the phone, he found her charming, and agreed to sign for the tour.
Beastie Boys were signed as the opening act for the tour. Adam "MCA" Yauch of the group recollected: "One day, Russell Simmons, co-founder of Def Jam Recordings, came in and said, 'Hey guess what—Madonna's manager called. Do you guys want to go on tour with her?" DeMann had asked for another group called The Fat Boys, but Simmons did not manage them and lied, saying "Oh, the Fat Boys have another gig that week. What about Run–D.M.C.?" But they were too expensive according to DeMann, and hence ultimately Beastie Boys were chosen. Adam "Ad-Rock" Horovitz from the band commented: "It's not like any of us knew Madonna that much, but we all used to hang out at Dancetaria so we knew about each other. I don't know why she thought it would be a good idea [to open for her tour, though. It was a terrible idea. But it was great for her in a way because we were so awful that by the time she came onstage, the audience had to be happy." The circular stage for the tour, consisted of three ramps around the perimeter, which were connected with each other. A long line of stairs descended to the main stage from the central ramp; it was flanked by the band. About 30 feet above the stage, the speakers were suspended from a circular beam. Four giant screens lined the outer perimeter of the stage, on three sides.
Concert synopsis.
The show opened with Beastie Boys performing six of their songs for 30 minutes. They were accompanied by a DJ who scratched the music, with The Beastie Boys prancing around the stage, making lewd gestures towards the audience. As they finished their performance, the backdrops started displaying Madonna's images from her music videos. The band—consisting of guitarists, bassists, a drummer and three synthesizer players—came into focus, and the music started. Madonna's voice was heard, saying: "Don't be afraid... it's gonna be alright." Then, Madonna's silhouette appeared behind a white screen on top of the stairs as the first beats kicked in. The white screen lifted and she is finally seen, wearing a psychedelic housecoat, a blue see-through crop-top and her characteristic black bra. She also had lacy leggings and crucifixes around her ear and her neck. She posed on the stairs before reaching the microphone to sing "Dress You Up". After dancing to the last note of the music, Madonna and the two male back-up dancers went to the back of the stage, as the music of "Holiday" began. Taking a moment to ask the audience how they are feeling, Madonna declared, "I was never elected homecoming queen, but I sure feel like one now," and started the performance of "Into the Groove", playing a tambourine. A boombox was present on the stage during the performance, Madonna sitting and playing with it, and addressing it as her "box". She continued with "Everybody", while asking the audience to clap along with her. As she finished the vigorous performance of "Everybody", the lights were dimmed and the introduction music of "Angel" started. Rotating lights fell on the stage. Madonna appeared sitting on top of the stairs and gradually descended. During the intermediate bridge, she and her dancers moved energetically around the whole stage, as white balloons fell on them from above. Madonna continued singing as the lights were dimmed again. She finished the performance and disappeared behind the wings for a costume change.
She appeared on the stage wearing a black, fringed micro-top and similar skirt, with her belly-button exposed, and a number of crucifixes in different sizes, hanging from different parts of her body. As the guitar intro of "Gambler" started, Madonna stood on the side-stage and started dancing energetically, as flashlights fell on her. While singing the song, she sometimes opened her jacket and sometimes straddled a steel structure present on the side of the stage. The performance ended with Madonna jumping off the side stage, onto the main one. She then performed "Borderline", "Lucky Star" and "Crazy for You"—while touching the hands of the audience members. Madonna then returned to the microphone and started singing "Over and Over" from "Like a Virgin". It was followed by "Burning Up" during which she caressed one of the guitarist, ultimately disappearing for another constume change. As the music of the song "Like a Virgin" started, Madonna returned on the stage, wearing a wedding dress, holding a bouquet in her hand and a long white veil behind her. Accessorized by a white bow atop her head and lacy, three-quarter length gloves, she also had a crucifix on her waistband and another hanging from a long chain around her neck. Madonna asked the audience "Do you want to marry me?" When the audience answered affirmatively, she threw the bouquet towards them and started singing the song. Madonna continued singing the song while rolling around the floor, and added a snippet of Michael Jackson's Motown-style single, "Billie Jean". Balloons floated out towards the audience again as she pulled apart her veil and threw it towards the audience. She returned to the stage in the arms of one of the backup dancers, wearing a boob tube and a tight white skirt, carrying a bunch of notes in her left hand, and a number of garlands around her neck. In a self-parodying performance of the song "Material Girl", at the end of the performance Madonna asked the audience "Do you really think I'm a material girl? ... I'm not ... Take it fake money ... I don't need money ... I need love." As she began to strip off more clothes and jewelry, she was apprehended and marched offstage by an extra posing as her father. In Detroit, her father Tony Ciccone himself did the honors. The show ended with Madonna returning onstage once more to take her fur coat and doing a curtsey.
Critical reception.
The tour received generally mixed reviews from critics. Jason Stratley from "The Philadelphia Inquirer" said that "On stage, wiggling and writhing, a rock-video vision of messy, bleached- blond hair, bare skin, sequined paisley and dime store diamonds was the flash-and-trash rock queen Madonna. Behold the Madonna clones—she is turning into one fine legend." Jeff Sewald from the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" felt that "the modus operandi the tour was clear. Madonna was not only selling her music to throngs of teen-agers and adults alike, but she was selling herself and the entire package proved to be a joy for the 14,500 screaming fans. [...] Madonna's 'Virgin Tour' had torn the cover off Pittsburgh’s sexuality." Rachel Lee from "The Sacramento Bee" felt that "more than any pop star in recent memory, even Boy George and Prince, Madonna is an image. Her hour-long concert here Tuesday night, as professionally performed and well-choreographed as it was, did nothing to give her more dimension than the two already bestowed on her." Arthur Daniels from "Lexington Herald-Leader" felt that "Madonna looked grim, but the fans were delighted when the blond rock star made her first major concert appearance to kick off her 'Virgin Tour'. [...] She looked blank and did not look up as she passed fans who gathered by the stage door before the show." Robert Hilburn from the "Los Angeles Times" commented: "Madonna represents a contemporary fantasy figure that revives the glamour, innocence and raw sexuality of many of Madonna's own teen heroes, including Marilyn Monroe and James Dean. Like the early Monroe, Madonna may portray a bimbo, but there she's clearly no pushover. Though the audience was on its feet throughout, it often seemed that Madonna was operating beneath her potential in this pop format. It's important to demonstrate that she can handle herself live, but the simplicity of pop concerts doesn't begin to tax her ambition or talent. In fact, she has so little to do other than express this aggressive, sexy attitude that the show seemed long at just over an hour. Heidi Sherman from "Spin" commented, "The Virgin Tour was Madonna's first, yet it put her in the same league as Prince and Bruce Springsteen. It proved that Madonna was beyond real. And if her stage presence indicated she was more showgirl than musician, at least she knew how to gussy up her act for the postfeminist MTV age. Boy Toy? Not exactly. She was a bonafide pop star in the process of becoming a cultural icon."
Laura Fissinger from "South Florida Sun-Sentinel" felt that "'Virgin Tour' establishes Madonna more as a bimbo, rather than the strong, independent woman people think her to be." David O'Reilly from "Philadelphia Daily News" said that with the concert "Madonna proved once more why she was called a 'talentless bimbo'; it was utter trash." Richard Defendorf of "Orlando Sentinel" gave a positive review, saying "Madonna's 'Virgin Tour' was very enjoyable and she put her music video charms in her live performances." Maya Hathoray from "The Miami Herald" said that "We know is sexy, exotically beautiful and her funk/pop songs make us want to dance, but on stage, she is extremely tame compared to her raw persona in her music videos. She is like daddy's little girl." Mary Edgar Smith from "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution" observed that "It was obvious from the apparel of the young girls at last week's Virgin Tour concerts in Tampa and Orlando, Fla., that the 26-year-old singer had more to give to the music world than what others suggest. She will be a force to be reckoned with." Stephen Holden from "The New York Times" commented, "While her pubescent lookalike fans cheer approvingly, the star's manipulation of such symbols as a wedding gown, a cross, furs and jewels becomes a lighthearted communal psychodrama. Madonna has brought traditional little girl's games of dress-up and playing with dolls (using oneself as model) into the television age by turning them into a public spectacle." A review in "Variety" by John Gleeson said that "Madonna's singing was like a soundtrack to a more visceral display of herself, her persona, her nonstop dancing and her surprisingly explicit sexual dare, which included a visual climax—so to speak—to every other song." Paul Grein from "Billboard" said that "Madonna's show was stylish, well-paced and consistently entertaining."
Commercial reception.
As soon as the tour was announced, tickets were sold out almost everywhere.
In San Francisco, tour shirts were selling at a clocked rate of one every six seconds. All 17,672 tickets for Madonna's show at New York City's Radio City Music Hall were completely sold out in a record-breaking 34 minutes. Both the shows at Chicago's UIC Pavilion were sold in a single day with a record breaking 18,000 tickets being sold. In Philadelphia, record breaking 31,000 tickets were sold in under four hours. Along with ticket sales, merchandise associated with the tour also sold rapidly. T-shirts, posters and promo-magazines featuring Madonna's image were picked up by the fans, even though most them were overpriced compared to the market value. After its end, the Virgin Tour was reported to have grossed over $5 million ($ million in dollars), with "Billboard" Boxscore reporting a gross of $3.3 million ($ million in dollars).
Recordings.
The 1985 "Madonna Live: The Virgin Tour" VHS documents a Detroit, Michigan stop on the tour. "Angel", "Borderline" and "Burning Up" were part of the tour set list but were not included on the official VHS release. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipment of 50,000 copies and received a "Video Software Dealers Award" for the Most Popular Music Video in September 1986. The video received mixed reviews from critics. Annie Temple from "Philadelphia Daily News" said that the release was "not so flattering" and "was a sloppy job". Dennis Hunt from the "Los Angeles Times" said that "the video is sometimes distracting and blurry, wonder what went wrong during recording. The angles are awkward, especially when the audience members are shown touching Madonna's hand. Was it really necessary to show a fan coming unannounced on the stage?" Terry Atkinson from the same paper said, "This follows the typical concert video format of putting you in the best seat in the hall and letting the aura of a superior performer encaptivate your senses." Joe Logan and Gail Shister from "The Wichita Eagle" said that "seeing Madonna live in an arena and seeing her up, close and personal in the tour cassette is totally different. The energy, the movements, the provocation—all captures you more." The release debuted at 14 on "Billboard"s Top Music Videocassettes chart, on December 7, 1985, and reached a peak of 11, the next week. The video started a slow climb on the chart, and on the issue dated January 18, 1986, it reached the top of the chart, replacing "Prince & The Revolution: Live" by The Revolution. On May 24, 1986, the video again climbed back in the top ten of the chart, at position two. It was present on the chart for a total of 65 weeks. "Live – The Virgin Tour" was the top selling music videocassette for 1986. The video was certified two-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipment of 50,000 copies and received a "Video Software Dealers Award" for the Most Popular Music Video, in September 1986.
Legacy.
When the tour first started, people—especially women—thronged to see it wearing clothes inspired by Madonna. Debbi Voller, author of "Madonna: The Style Book", observed that "Hundreds of thousands of young girls came to the concert dressed like her, with bleached and tousled hair, see-through tops, bras, fingerless gloves and crucifixes. Magazines and TV shows ran lookalike competitions." This frenzy regarding Madonna gave rise to a new term called Madonna wannabe—a word that was ultimately officially recognized by the Webster's Dictionary in May 1991. Madonna was mystified as to why all the women would want to copy her look. She commented,
"I never set out to be a role model. I am a strong woman, a successful woman, and I don't conform to a stereotype. For so long women have been told that there are certain ways they mustn't look if they want to get ahead in life. And there I was dressing in a forbidden way and yet obviously in charge of my life. It was then I realized why were all of them out there in their seats, dressing like me."
While the tour was going on, the American lingerie industry reported that their turnover was suddenly up by 40 percent and that Madonna's image was responsible for this underwear revival. Sam Gower from "Rolling Stone" commented, "In the sixties, women burned their bras, now they wear five at a time, and bare their belly buttons. Madonna has done for the corset and crucifix what punk did for the safety pin. Macy's New York department store was flooded with buyers, who bought the tour merchandise like the crucifix earrings and fingerless gloves." The demand was so huge that Macy's had to refill the merchandise time again. Madonna's subversive antics on the tour provoked fiery and antics among the press. "Rolling Stone" said: "Like Marilyn Monroe, Madonna is bent on epitomizing and championing a vision of female sexuality, and like Monroe she is often dismissed as an artist for doing so." Suzanne Ferriss, author of "On Fashion" said that "Virgin Tour exemplified Madonna’s extended desire to treat boys as toys and her chastity belt coming off at her own whim and desire. Her dance numbers with men during the tour shows them as her under linings, accessories that she toys with and totally dominates."
Set list.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2914289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914289" title="Al DeRogatis">
Al DeRogatis

Albert John "Al" DeRogatis (May 5, 1927 – December 26, 1995) was an American football player and television and radio sportscaster.
Biography.
DeRogatis was born in Newark, New Jersey and attended the city's Central High School, earning All-State honors at center. At Duke University, after a knee injury shortened his junior season, he made the 1948 All-America team as a tackle.
He was drafted the following year by the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) and played defensive tackle. He was a NFL All-Pro in both 1950 and 1951. A recurrence of the knee injury he suffered at Duke ended his playing career after four seasons of professional football. For thirty-three years beginning in 1953, he served as a vice president with Prudential Insurance.
From 1966 through 1975, the bespectacled DeRogatis served as a color commentator for professional and college football telecasts on NBC, primarily with Curt Gowdy on the network's top broadcast team for American Football League (later, American Football Conference) regular-season and playoff matches, Super Bowls III, VII and IX and several Rose Bowls. He also was paired with Jim Simpson to call a few Orange Bowls. Prior to joining NBC, DeRogatis had begun his broadcasting career working with Marty Glickman on New York football Giants radio broadcasts on WNEW-AM from 1960 through 1965. DeRogatis was among several veteran announcers who returned to call some NFL telecasts for NBC in September 1988, while many of the network's regular broadcasters were busy calling that year's Summer Olympics in Seoul.
DeRogatis can be heard with Gowdy calling a football game in the 1978 film "Heaven Can Wait".
DeRogatis was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1986. A resident of Spring Lake, New Jersey, he died of cancer at Jersey Shore Medical Center on December 26, 1995.
Legacy.
"Sports Illustrated" magazine's "Dr. Z" (aka Paul Zimmerman) has rated DeRogatis as his #1 football analyst of all time.
Upon his death in 1995, DeRogatis was eulogized in the "Boston Globe" as a prototype for what it means to be a gentleman, in the sense of displaying a gracious, polite, kind and generous nature. The "Globe" also published a picture of DeRogatis in the NBC booth together with Curt Gowdy and Don Meredith in the "2006: The year in photos" series, after Curt Gowdy's death in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2914294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914294" title="Atlantic silverside">
Atlantic silverside

The Atlantic silverside, "Menidia menidia", is a small species of fish from the West Atlantic, ranging from the Gulf of St. Lawrence in Canada to northeastern Florida in USA. It is one of the most common fish in the Chesapeake Bay and in the Barnegat Bay. They are a common subject of scientific research because of their sensitivity to environmental changes.
The fish is about long, mostly silver and white. It eats smaller (biotic) animals and plants – small crustaceans, algae, annelid worms, shrimp, zooplankton, copepods, amphipods, squid, and insects.
The Atlantic silverside’s predators are larger predatory fish – striped bass, blue fish, Atlantic mackerel – and many shore birds, including egrets, terns, cormorants, and gulls.
The abiotic factors the Atlantic silverside needs to survive varies for populations of fish based on their geographical location. A general rule-of-thumb for the species includes an average temperature of , a salt content of the water ranging from 0 to 37ppt (Tagatz and Dudley 1961), and a well-mixed body of water to prevent hypoxic conditions.
The Atlantic silverside’s habitat is generally near the water’s edge. They are mostly found swimming in brackish waters, such as in the mouths of rivers and streams that connect to the ocean. These small schooling fish have been seen to gather in seagrass beds, which can harbor the nearly defenseless fish some form of shelter from predation as well as provide safe haven for spawning. During winter, most Atlantic silversides swim in deeper water to avoid cold/low temperature. During the summer, most are found in the shallows along the shoreline. 
The Atlantic silverside’s defense is to hide in seagrass beds. They are also quick swimmers and their coloration of silver and a little white makes it confusing to predators to determine the direction the fish are heading. The silverside's strongest form of defense is the strength-in-numbers strategy, where fish will school in large numbers to diminish their chances of being the one picked off by a predator.

</doc>
<doc id="2914315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914315" title="Lockheed Martin Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory">
Lockheed Martin Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory

The Lockheed Martin Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory (LMSAL) is part of the Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center (ATC) that is known primarily for its scientific work in the field of solar physics, astronomy and space weather. The LMSAL team is part of Lockheed Martin Space Systems and has close affiliations with NASA and the solar physics group at Stanford University.
Located in Palo Alto, California, LMSAL is involved in many ground- and space-based missions that study the Sun, with a sharp focus on basic research into understanding and predicting space weather and the behavior of the Sun, including its impacts on Earth and climate.
Space Weather.
Enormous storms on the Sun driven by electromagnetic activity generate space weather that propagates outward across the solar system and can cause severe disturbances of Earth’s upper atmosphere and of the near-Earth space environment, with potential catastrophic impacts on ground- and space-based technological infrastructure.
In October 2011 the ATC co-sponsored a workshop entitled "Space Weather Risks and Society" that brought together a broad international spectrum of experts in solar and space weather, industry, economics, regulatory bodies, and emergency management to discuss the societal impacts of space weather, how to avoid or mitigate such impacts, and how to respond to them.
An understanding of space weather and - in particular - its impacts on society are in their infancy, but there is broad agreement that societal sensitivity to high-impact, low-frequency events is obviously substantial. Equally important is the need to thoroughly investigate how space weather impacts various components of our high-tech society, and identify the mechanisms by which it does so. 
Solar Missions.
LMSAL has a 49-year-long heritage of spaceborne solar instruments including:

</doc>
<doc id="2914317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914317" title="Arriva Scotland West">
Arriva Scotland West

Arriva Scotland West Ltd was a bus operating subsidiary of Arriva based in Inchinnan, near Paisley, Scotland, trading simply as Arriva and was the group's sole operation in Scotland. It was formed in 1997 as a rebranding of the former Clydeside 2000 company. In December 2011 it was announced that Arriva had agreed to sell the company to independent operator McGill's Bus Services. All of Arriva Scotland West's operations ceased on Monday 26 March 2012.
History.
The Arriva brand first appeared in west central Scotland in 1997 when the Cowie Group re-branded following its acquisition of British Bus Holdings plc. Prior to that the company was known as Clydeside Buses Ltd, trading as Clydeside. 
Clydeside was created as Clydeside Scottish in 1985 from the northern operations of Western SMT to prepare the state-owned parent company, the Scottish Bus Group, for deregulation of the bus industry and eventual privatisation. At the time, Clydeside's operating area was much larger, covering Inverclyde (including the towns of Gourock and Greenock), the Isle of Bute and much of the south side of Glasgow. Clydeside was re-merged with Western Scottish (Western SMT's successor company) in 1989 in an attempt to make it more financially viable. However, on the privatisation of Western Scottish the Clydeside operations were sold to management and employees as Clydeside 2000 plc. Luton & District also took a 23% stake in the new company. Clydeside began rationalising some of its operations, and depots at Largs, Paisley and Thornliebank were closed, the latter as a result of a reduction in operations within Glasgow.
British Bus purchased the company in 1994, having just completed the take over of shareholder Luton & District, and the new parent company began investing heavily in the ageing fleet. A more vibrant red, white and yellow livery was introduced, and new "Flagship" routes were created to raise quality levels. 
The main competitor in Greenock, Ashton Coaches, was purchased along with 62 buses in July 1997. The Greenock operations were re-branded GMS Greenock Motor Services, using Ashton's white, green and gold livery, in order to more effectively combat the plethora of small operators in the town. Long established independent operator McGill's Bus Services of Barrhead was also purchased in the same month, and initially continued to operate under its own identity. A stake was also taken in Dart Buses of Paisley, another competitor, though this operator would soon go out of business.
In 1997 the main operations became Arriva Scotland West Ltd, trading as Arriva Serving Scotland - that description suggesting a much larger area than actually covered - and the corporate livery of aquamarine and cream introduced. The company flirted with operations outside its operating area, successfully securing tenders to operate services in Cumbernauld (where a depot was established for a short time) and south east Glasgow, though these were short-lived.
Further rationalisation took place in 2002, with the Inverclyde operations being sold to local management. Confusingly, the new operation was created as McGill's Bus Services - the company name and operating licence having been purchased with McGill's of Barrhead - based in Port Glasgow, and employing a livery of blue, white and gold in the same styles as both Arriva and the GMS division, depending on what type of vehicle it was applied to. At the same time, the Barrhead depot, originally belonging to the initial McGill's Bus Service, was closed and operations concentrated on the two remaining depots.
Recently, as with Arriva's other operations throughout the United Kingdom, the regional 'descriptor' of "Serving Scotland" has been dropped, and the company simply trades as Arriva.
In 2007, BAA awarded the new Glasgow Flyer 500 service to Arriva, which al bought several specially liveried Volvo B7RLE/Wright Eclipse for the service. As a result the 905 Airlink service, jointly operated with Fairline Coaches under contract to Scottish Citylink, has ended; however Fairline have since started an independent service numbered 905.
In August 2010 the company, along with First Glasgow, were banned by the area Traffic Commissioner from registering any new services into Glasgow city centre for six months after being found guilty of breaching regulations by picking up and dropping off passengers at locations other than their designated bus stops. One other operator was also banned.
A deal has been negotiated with the McGills.
Fleet.
Below is a list of each depot fleet before the sale to McGill's. Most buses were transferred over to McGill's as part of the deal when the assets of Arriva Scotland West were sold to McGill's.
Inchinnan Depot.
Location: Inchinnan (Greenock Road)
Johnstone Depot.
Location: Johnstone (Cochranemill Road)

</doc>
<doc id="2914318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914318" title="Damaged Justice">
Damaged Justice

Damaged Justice was the fourth concert tour by the American thrash metal band Metallica. It began on September 11, 1988 and ended on October 8, 1989. The name is believed to be inspired either by the cover of its fourth studio album "...And Justice for All", or by the song "Damage, Inc." from the group's previous album, "Master of Puppets". 
Itinerary.
The tour marked the one and, to date, only time that Metallica has played in the U.S. state of Delaware. On August 7, 1989, the band headlined a special and very drunken gig at Newark's Stone Balloon.
Alternate songs.
The setlist remained fairly consistent over the course of the tour. "Blackened" opened every performance with the exception of "Creeping Death" at some concerts in the summer of 1989. "The Wait" was teased as part of the second encore beginning with the spring '89 Pacific Rim tour. Other covers teased included "Prowler" (originally performed by Iron Maiden), "Helpless" (by Diamond Head), "How Many More Times" by Led Zeppelin and "Black Night" by Deep Purple. "Eye of the Beholder" was often played as the fifth or sixth song, immediately following "Harvester of Sorrow"; it was switched out fairly regularly with "The Four Horsemen". "Leper Messiah" made infrequent appearances in this position as well. "Damage, Inc." followed the bass solo initially (this can be heard on various bootlegs from the fall 1988 European tour) but was for the most part phased out by the end of the year and used as an encore when at all. The encores changed almost every night but almost always consisted of the covers "Breadfan" and "Blitzkrieg" (rare) among them as well as the aforementioned "Damage, Inc." and "Motorbreath", from "Kill 'Em All". The band also started switching instruments during "Am I Evil?" at certain dates starting in 1989. Lars Ulrich would be on lead vocals, Jason Newsted on guitar, Kirk Hammett on bass and James Hetfield on drums. The group performed it at these shows: Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada on April 3, Tokyo, Japan on May 14, Newark, Delaware on August 7, Irvine, California on September 23 and São Paulo on October 7.
Around halfway through the tour as the "One" single and video became more successful, it moved further down the set list to the first encore, and "Fade To Black" would take its spot between "Master Of Puppets" and "Seek & Destroy".

</doc>
<doc id="2914326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914326" title="Cyrillus">
Cyrillus

Cyrillus, Greek jurist of the 5th century, was a professor in the ancient Law School of Berytus (present-day Beirut), and one of the founders of the oecumenical school of jurists (τῆς οἰκουμένης διδάσκαλοι). This school preceded the succession of Anastasius to the Eastern empire (AD 491), and paved the way for Justinian's legislation.
Teacher.
His reputation as a teacher of law was great; and from the fragments of his works which have been preserved it may be inferred that his merit as a teacher consisted in his direct use of ancient sources of law, and in interpreting the best writers, such as the commentary of Ulpian on the edict and the "Responsa Papiniani".
Author.
He wrote a treatise on definitions (υπομνημα των δεφινιτων), in which, according to a statement of his contemporary Patricius, the subject of contracts was treated with great precision, and which supplied the materials for many important "scholia" appended to the first and second titles of the eleventh book of the "Basilica". He is generally styled "the great" to distinguish him from a more modern jurist of the same name, who lived after the reign of Justinian, and who compiled an epitome of the "Digest".

</doc>
<doc id="2914332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914332" title="Friedrich Hollaender">
Friedrich Hollaender

Friedrich Hollaender (in exile also Frederick Hollander; 18 October 189618 January 1976) was a German film composer and author.
Life and career.
He was born in London, where his father, operetta composer Victor Hollaender, worked as a musical director at the Barnum & Bailey Circus. Young Friedrich had a solid music and theatre family background: his uncle Gustav was director of the Stern Conservatory in Berlin, his uncle Felix Hollaender was a well-known novelist and drama critic, who later worked with Max Reinhardt at the Deutsches Theater.
In 1899 Friedrich's family returned to Berlin, his father began teaching at the Stern Conservatory, where his son became a student in Engelbert Humperdinck's master class. In the evening he played the piano at silent film performances in local cinemas, developing the art of musical improvisation. By the age of 18 he was employed as a répétiteur at the New German Theatre in Prague and also was put in charge of troop entertainment at the Western Front of World War I.
Having finished his studies, he composed music for productions by Max Reinhardt and became involved in Berlin's Kabarett scene. Together with Kurt Tucholsky, Klabund, Walter Mehring, Mischa Spoliansky and Joachim Ringelnatz he worked in venues like Reinhardt's "Schall und Rauch" ensemble at the Großes Schauspielhaus or the "Wilde Bühne" led by Trude Hesterberg at the Theater des Westens in Charlottenburg, where he established the "Tingel-Tangel-Theater" cabaret in 1931. In 1919 he married the actress Blandine Ebinger, the couple divorced in 1926. Their daughter Philine later became the wife of the cabarettist Georg Kreisler. Hollaender had his final breakthrough, when he wrote the film score for "The Blue Angel" (1930), including the most popular song "Falling in Love Again (Can't Help It)", performed by Marlene Dietrich.
He had to leave Nazi Germany in 1933 because of his Jewish descent and first moved to Paris. He emigrated to the United States the next year, where he wrote the music for over a hundred films, including "Destry Rides Again" (1939), "A Foreign Affair" (1948), "The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T" (1953 Academy Award nomination) and "Sabrina" (1954). Many of his songs were again made famous by Marlene Dietrich. He can be seen as the piano accompanist in "A Foreign Affair" (on the songs, "Black Market", "Illusions" and "Ruins of Berlin"). He received four Academy Award nominations for composition. As "Frederick Hollander", he also wrote the semi-autobiographical novel "Those Torn From Earth", which was released in 1941.
In 1956 he returned to Germany and again worked for several years as a revue composer at the Theater Die Kleine Freiheit in Munich. He made a cameo appearance in Billy Wilder's film comedy "One, Two, Three" (1960) as a Kapellmeister. Hollaender died 1976 in Munich and is buried in the Obergiesing "Ostfriedhof".
Further reading.
1-29.

</doc>
<doc id="2914339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914339" title="European Scout Region (World Organization of the Scout Movement)">
European Scout Region (World Organization of the Scout Movement)

The European Scout Region is the divisional office of the World Scout Bureau of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland, with a satellite office in Brussels, Belgium, which focuses more on external relations and partnerships; and with some office staff working from home.
Structure.
Members.
The European Scout Region comprises 41 National Scout Organizations that are members of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, and services Scouting in Western and Central Europe, excluding the former Soviet Republics of Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Moldova, Russia, and Ukraine, but inclusive of Cyprus (technically not part of Europe) and Turkey (which spans across two continents), for cultural reasons, and Israel for political ones.
All the formerly communist states of Central and Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union have developed or are developing Scouting in the wake of the renaissance in the region. These include Albania, Bulgaria, East Germany, Hungary, Poland, Romania, and the successor states to Czechoslovakia, Yugoslavia and the Baltic nations independent of the former Soviet Union. Of these, Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary have been most successful in regrowing their Scout movements and are very well-developed, thanks in part to the existence of Scouts-in-Exile movements for the diaspora of each nation.
Governance.
European Scout Conference.
The 20th European Scout Conference was hosted by Guidisme et Scoutisme en Belgique and was held in Brussels, Belgium.
The Conference met on 17, 19, 20 and 21 July 2010 for six half-day working sessions.
European Regional Scout Committee.
The European Regional Scout Committee is the executive body of the European Regional Scout Conference and is composed of six elected volunteer members.
The functions of the European Regional Scout Committee are:
The members of the European Scout Committee are elected for a three-year term by the European Regional Scout Conference, and may be re-elected for an immediate second term. The members, elected without regard to their nationality, do not represent their country or National Scout Organisation but the interests of the Scout Movement as a whole, similar to Members of the World Scout Committee.
The Regional Director (professioinal position) and the Treasurer of the European Scout Region (volunteer position) are ex-officio members of the European Scout Committee. The Chairman of the European Scout Foundation also regularly attends meetings of the European Scout Committee.
Regional Scouts administered directly by WOSM.
The needs of Scout youth in unusual situations has created some interesting permutations, answerable directly to the World Scout Bureau. For years there was an active Boy Scouts of the United Nations in Geneva, as well as 84 Scouts of the European Coal and Steel Community, an early precursor to the European Union.
Cooperation.
This region is the counterpart of the Europe Region of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS). The European Scout Region has strong connections to the Europe Region of WAGGGS. Both maintained a joint office in Brussels for some years and published a monthly newsletter called Eurofax (this newsletter was already published by the European Scout Office before the joint office was opened, and reverted to WOSM when the joint office closed; it is still in existence under the name Euro.Scout.Info).
Full members status is held to the European Youth Forum (YFJ) which operates within the Council of Europe and European Union areas and works closely with both these bodies.
A WOSM joint Eurasian-and-European Scout meeting was held in Kiev in April 2009.
Activities.
European Scout Jamboree.
The European Region of WOSM is the organizer of the European Scout Jamboree, which has been organized twice, in both cases as a test case for a World Scout Jamboree organized in the same country within a few years. European jamborees are aimed at youth between the ages of 11 and 17, however many adults are involved as Scoutleaders or serve in the IST (International Staff/Service Team)
Past European Scout Jamborees include:
The "European Scout Jamboree 2005" (EuroJam 2005) was held in the summer 2005 and lasted for 12 days between July 29 and August 10, in Hylands Park, Chelmsford, Essex, near Gilwell Park, an important campsite and training center for Scout Leaders. About 10,000 Scouts from 40 countries were involved; it was considered the biggest Scout gathering in Europe for over 10 years and 50 years in the United Kingdom. It was also a dry run allowing the organization team of the 21st World Scout Jamboree to test a number of aspects of the upcoming event, e.g. traffic issues, necessary infrastructures and logistics.
Roverway.
Roverway is a joint activity of the European Region of WOSM and the Europe Region of WAGGGS. It is open for youth aged 16 to 22 years. The activity was introduced in 2003 (as a follow-up to the Eurofolk event that existed from 1977 to 1997) and consists usually of two stages: a "journey" with small units of Scouts making their way to the main camp, which is the second stage.
Past and planned Roverways include:
European countries without Scouting organizations.
Andorra.
Andorra is one of only five of the world's independent countries that do not have Scouting. The population is sufficiently large to sustain Scouting, but the Scout association of the tiny enclave in the Pyrenees has been dormant since the 1980s and at present there is no Scouting movement.
Vatican City.
There is currently no Scouting organization in Vatican City.
Non-WOSM European Scouting.
Two other multinational Europe-specific Scout organizations exist, not linked to WOSM, the only geographic area to have such. These are the Confédération Européenne de Scoutisme and the Union Internationale des Guides et Scouts d'Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="2914345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914345" title="Naumachius">
Naumachius

Naumachius was a Greek gnomic poet.
Of his poems, seventy-three hexameters (in three fragments) are preserved by Stobaeus in his "Florilegium"; they deal mainly with the duty of a good wife. From the remarks on celibacy and the allusion to a mystic marriage it has been conjectured that the author was a Christian.
The fragments, translated anonymously into English under the title of "Advice to the Fair Sex" (1736), are in Gaisford's "Poetae minores Graeci", iii (1823).

</doc>
<doc id="2914353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914353" title="Chris Atkinson">
Chris Atkinson

Chris Atkinson (born 30 November 1979) in Bega, New South Wales, Australia) is a professional rally driver. In the WRC (World Rally Championship), he drove for the Subaru World Rally Team from 2004 to 2008. His best finish on an individual WRC event is second, which he achieved at the 2008 Rally México and Rally Argentina. Other podium placings include third place finishes at the 2005 Rally Japan and the 2008 Monte Carlo Rally.
Atkinson is currently driving for Team MRF, and will compete in the Asia-Pacific Rally Championship in 2012 as well as making a guest appearance in the World Rally Championship. Atkinson won the 2012 Asia Pacific Rally Championship.
On 16 August 2012 it was announced that Atkinson would be the number one driver for the WRC Team Mini Portugal outfit for the last five races of the 2012 WRC season.
Early career.
Prior to his motorsport career, Atkinson had a career as a stockbroker. He graduated at Bond University in commerce, majoring in finance and accounting in 1999 after receiving an academic scholarship for studies. Atkinson was a co-driver for his brother Ben, but after attending a rally school with his brother, the pair swapped positions, scoring a class win and third overall. Currently, his brother Ben Atkinson is a co-driver for Cody Crocker in APRC.
For his first full season of competition, Atkinson contested the Australian Rally Championship aboard a privately entered Group N Mitsubishi Lancer Evo, finishing inside the top ten in Group N and in the overall top 20 on every round he contested, as well as setting two second-fastest stage times. The Atkinsons finished ninth outright to become Privateer Champions. This performance brought Atkinson to the attention of Suzuki, who offered him the opportunity to drive one of its Super 1600 Ignis models with the Suzuki Sport team in the 2003 Asia-Pacific Rally Championship.
Atkinson rewarded the team with a class win in the opening round of the championship in Canberra. Next came a second place in New Zealand, a second in Japan and two wins in Thailand and India, culminating in Atkinson winning the Super 1600 title. He finished fifth in the overall championship, ahead of many more powerful, four-wheel-drive, turbo-charged cars.
WRC career.
Atkinson's first world rally was the 2004 Rally New Zealand in a Subaru Impreza WRX STI. For 2005, he was signed by Subaru World Rally Team to drive the Subaru Impreza WRC alongside 2003 world champion Petter Solberg. He finished 12th overall in the drivers' world championship with 13 points. His best results were third in Japan and fourth in Australia.
After finishing the 2006 season tenth overall in the drivers championship with 20 points and a fourth place as his best finish, Subaru told Atkinson that his job was on the line, and if he could not balance his speed with safety and achieve quality results he would be replaced by another driver.
At the start of the 2007 season Atkinson finished fourth at the 2007 Rally Monte Carlo, recording three stage wins. On the final day of the rally, Atkinson was 0.8 seconds behind fourth place man Mikko Hirvonen and had to beat him in the super special stage, a 2.4 km run through Monaco which uses part of the world famous Formula One course. Hirvonen set a time of 1:50.9 meaning that Atkinson had to at least set a time of 1:50.1 to beat him, but Atkinson did better and took the stage win with a time of 1:49.9. Hirvonen was the first person over to Atkinson to congratulate him.
At the 2007 Rally Finland, Atkinson posted the fastest time on the short opening super special stage on a horse-racing course at Killeri, to lead the rally for a short time. Atkinson finished the 2007 season seventh overall in the drivers' world championship.
At the beginning of the 2008 season, Atkinson took third place in Monte Carlo; while at the 2008 Corona Rally Mexico, Atkinson managed second, 30 seconds ahead of Jari-Matti Latvala. He finished the season fifth in the drivers' standings, and for the first time, outscored hitherto team leader Solberg.
After Subaru's season-ending announcement of its withdrawal from the WRC, Atkinson signed for the new Citroën Junior Team for the 2009 season. In his only rally for the season with the team in Ireland, he produced a strong showing to finish fifth, despite colliding with a telegraph pole during the first day, and suffering a spin on SS18.
Re-entry into WRC (2012).
After signing with Monster World Rally Team in 2012, Atkinson raced alongside Ken Block in Mexico. Atkinson won a stage, SS12 - Leon Super Special but finished with a DNF due to mechanical failure.
Atkinson also signed up for a one-off drive in a Citroën DS3 WRC for the Qatar World Rally Team for Rally Finland. However, his medium term WRC future was granted when it was announced he would replace Armindo Araujo as the lead driver for the factory-backed WRC Team MINI Portugal in the last five rallies of the 2012 season.
Atkinson contested the last five rounds of the 2012 WRC season with the Motorsport Italia-run MINI squad to finish the year 13th in the Championship. His best result for the year was achieved at Rallye Deutschland (Rally Germany) where he secured 5th behind the wheel of the MINI John Cooper Works WRC.
Proton R3 Rally Team.
In April 2010, Chris Atkinson began a partnership with the Proton R3 Rally Team. Competing in the Asia Pacific Rally Championship (APRC), Atkinson drove a Proton Satria Neo Super 2000, alongside co-driver Stephane Prevot. Also driving for the Proton R3 Rally Team was former WRC driver Alister McRae.
After making a guest appearance at the Intercontinental Rally Challenge (IRC) Monte Carlo Rally, Atkinson has dominated the 2011 APRC, winning the Malaysian Rally, Rallye de Nouvelle Caledonia and the International Rally of Whangarei. However missing round two in Queensland and the final round in Hokkaido saw him finish second to his team mate Alister McRae who competed in all rounds.
MRF Skoda Rally Team.
Chris Atkinson compete in an Australian-run Skoda in the 2012 FIA Asia Pacific Rally Championship. Atkinson drove for the MRF team in a Skoda Fabia S2000, co-driven by regular wingman Stephane Prevot and the pair were crowned 2012 FIA Asia PAcific Rally Champions. This becomes the Gold Coaster's first, and biggest, international motorsport crown, captured amongst a raft of extremely competitive rallying talent from across the globe.
"It's an awesome feeling to take the APRC title after a great year with the MRF Skoda team," said Atkinson. "There's a great lineup of drivers from around the world competing in the championship this season so I'm extremely proud to be flying the Aussie flag high for everyone back home."
Atkinson’s Belgian co-driver Stephane Prevot picked up the FIA Asia-Pacific Rally Championship for Co-Drivers with Skoda winning the FIA Asia-Pacific Rally Cup for Manufacturers and Team MRF the Asia-Pacific Rally Championship - Teams Trophy. The year was a solid one for Atkinson with two wins from five events including victory at his home event, the Brakes Direct Rally Queensland, in May. It was a busy year for Atkinson with dual rallying commitments having him compete in the APRC and WRC, which this year forced the 32-year-old to miss APRC Rally Japan in September. Despite the absence from Japan, Atkinson's performances on the remaining five rallies were strong enough to secure Skoda's first ever Asia Pacific Rallying title since the Championship’s inception back in 1988.
"It's been a busy last half of the season but thanks to a great team at Race Torque and huge support from Skoda Australia and Brakes Direct we were able to bring our A game all year and produce the ultimate result." Atko added. "I also have to thank my family, friends and of course my fans who have shown massive support all year for both the APRC and WRC programs."
Atkinson joins an illustrious list of former APRC champions including the likes of Carlos Sainz, Possum Bourne and Rod Millen amongst others.
Circuit Racing.
At the 24 Hours Nürburgring in 2006, Chris made his circuit racing debut driving a Subaru Impreza for the Autosportif Racing UK placing second in class. From that lead a drive in the 2007 Bathurst 12 Hour again in a Subaru Impreza where he finished first in class and second outright. In 2009 he competed in the third round of the Australian Mini Challenge co-driving with two-time Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series Champion Steve Owen finishing second in the 30-minute endurance race.

</doc>
<doc id="2914354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914354" title="Fingerboard (disambiguation)">
Fingerboard (disambiguation)

A fingerboard is a part of a string instrument.
Fingerboard may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2914356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914356" title="Affiliated Foods">
Affiliated Foods

Affiliated Foods is a grocery wholesaler. It was founded by the 1968 merger of South Plains Associated Grocers of Lubbock, Texas and the Panhandle Associated Grocers of Amarillo, Texas, and is a retailers' cooperative serving Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, Colorado, Arizona, and Wyoming. Panhandle Associated Grocers was founded in 1946. The company has 700 member stores.
It owns the Tri-State Baking Company, and Veg-Pak brands.

</doc>
<doc id="2914360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914360" title="Ammassalik Municipality">
Ammassalik Municipality

Ammassalik was one of two municipalities in Tunu, the former county of East Greenland − the other one being Illoqqortoormiut (further north). It was located in southeastern Greenland, and with an area of 232,100 km², most of it on the ice sheet, it was the largest municipality of East Greenland, now part of the new Sermersooq municipality. The population was 3,031 on 1 January 2005. 
Due to its size, the old municipality bordered more municipalities than any other in Greenland (10):
For the most part, the old municipality boundaries were laid out as straight lines on the ice cap, such as the 44°W line of longitude (the western border), and 69°N circle of latitude (the northern border). In the east, it borders on the North Atlantic Ocean and the Denmark Strait. The former capital is Tasiilaq, pop. 1,849, located on the Ammassalik Island. Ammassalik was also the home to the Arctic Team Challenge, an adventure race.

</doc>
<doc id="2914362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914362" title="Lisa Harrison">
Lisa Harrison

Lisa Harrison (born January 2, 1971 in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S.) is a former American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Mercury in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Early life.
Lisa Harrison learned to play basketball from a young age. In 1989, she was named the Naismith Prep Player of the Year and High School Player of the Year while attending Southern High School, by "Parade" magazine. She also was named 1989's Kentucky Miss Basketball. In 1991, as a sophomore while attending the University of Tennessee, she was a member of their women's basketball team that won the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship.
Professional career.
After graduating from Tennessee in 1993, Lisa played one season (1996–1997) for the Columbus Quest of the American Basketball League and two seasons (1997–1999) for the Portland Power.
In the 1999 WNBA Draft, she was selected by the Phoenix Mercury in the third round (34th pick overall). In the WNBA, Lisa was once ranked eighth in free throw shooting accuracy at 86.4% in 2001.
Outside basketball.
Harrison was inducted into the Kentucky High School Athletics Hall of Fame on September 10, 2001. On September 12, 2006, Harrison was named an outreach coordinator for the athletic department at the University of Louisville.

</doc>
<doc id="2914366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914366" title="Godomar">
Godomar

Godomar (or Gundomar), son of king Gundobad, was king of Burgundy. He ruled Burgundy after his elder brother's death in 524 until 534. 
Both he and his brother Sigismund of Burgundy were defeated in battle by Clovis' sons. Godomar fled and Sigismund was taken prisoner by Chlodomer, King of Orléans. Godomar then rallied the Burgundian army. With this army, he regained his territory. Meanwhile, Chlodomer ordered the death of Sigismund and marched with his brother Theuderic I, King of Metz, on Burgundy in 524. Godomar and his army fled, but Godomar was pursued. In 534, the Franks killed Godomar and took over the country of Burgundy.

</doc>
<doc id="2914384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914384" title="Airborn">
Airborn

Airborn is a 2004 young adult novel by Kenneth Oppel. The book won the Canada's Governor General's Award. "Airborn" is set in a time where the primary form of air transportation is the airship. The technological advancements in the story appear to depict a world similar to the very early twentieth century, with a few changes: the airplane has not been invented and the Earth contains hydrium, a fictional gas lighter than hydrogen, as well as fictional flying creatures which live their entire lives in the sky. This suggests that the book takes place in an alternate reality. The book takes place aboard a transoceanic airship, the "Aurora", and is told from the perspective of its cabin boy, Matt Cruse.
Plot summary.
14-year-old Matt Cruse is a cabin boy for the "Aurora", an airship that stays afloat using a gas called "hydrium". While on lookout duty, he spots a damaged balloon carrying an unconscious old man. The man, whose name is Benjamin Malloy, rambles about "beautiful creatures" and dies shortly after being taken aboard.
One year later, Matt leaves his home in Lionsgate City to accompany the "Aurora" on its voyage to Sydney, Australia. Despite loving his mother and sisters dearly, Matt is relieved to be in the air where he feels closest to his father — a former sailmaker who died in an accident. Matt is disappointed to learn that the Junior Sailmaker position he was promised has been given to the fleet's heir, Bruce Lunardi. One day into the voyage, an ornithopter delivers two passengers to the ship: Kate de Vries and her chaperone Marjorie Simpkins. Kate tells Matt that she is Benjamin Malloy's granddaughter and shows him detailed drawings of flying panther-like creatures from Malloy's journal. Intrigued by the possibility that they live their whole lives in the air, Kate reveals that she is on a mission to prove that such creatures are real.
A few nights later, the ship is raided by a notorious criminal named Vikram Szpirglas. His gang of pirates plunders the ship of all valuables and kills the chief wireless officer. The pirates proceed to leave, but both ships are caught in a storm which produces a tear in the "Aurora's" supply of hydrium. As the sailmakers scramble to repair the falling "Aurora", Matt spots an island and the crew steers toward it. The ship crash lands on the island, which to Kate's realization, is the island from her grandfather's journal. Kate convinces Matt to help her explore the island where they discover the skeleton of a large winged creature. A few minutes later, they find an injured member of the same species which they decide to call a "cloud cat". Apart from cloud cats, Matt also smells that there is hydrium on the island.
Miss Simpkins tries to lock Kate in her room for associating with Matt. As the repairs near completion, Kate drugs her and takes one last chance to photograph the island's wildlife. Matt and Bruce begin looking for her until Bruce suffers a bite on his leg from a cloud cat. Matt is able to find Kate, but the two of them stumble upon the pirates at one of their encampments. Unrecognized, they ask for shelter in the pirate camp and make a plan to sneak away during the night. During their escape, Kate and Matt are apprehended and thrown into a hydrium pit where there is no oxygen. They use Kate's harem pants as a balloon to lift themselves to ground level as Szpirglas' crew sets out to silence the passengers of the "Aurora". Kate begins crying in the forest, blaming herself for putting everyone else in danger. Matt kisses her twice to give reassurance and act on the feelings he has developed for her.
Kate and Matt find Bruce and the three make their way to the "Aurora" which is being held hostage by eight pirates. They are able to undo the landing lines and cause the ship to take off. Matt's innate knowledge of the flight system allows them to temporarily take control and steer the ship away from the island. After tending to Bruce's wounds in the infirmary, Matt brings sleeping elixir to the cook so that it can be added to the pirates' soup. Szpirglas' crew murders Bruce in the engine room and chases Matt onto the hull of the "Aurora" in open air. Szpirglas pushes Matt off the edge who thinks of his father as he falls. He is able to grab a fin on the side of the ship and notice a group of cloud cats flying by. Just as Szpirglas is about to kill Matt, he is attacked by the cloud cats and torn apart. The passengers are saved when Matt steers the "Aurora" back on course.
Six months later, Matt meets Kate in Paris where she is exhibiting her cloud cat skeleton and photographs. Matt reveals that he will attend the Airship Academy, with the help of the reward money for finding Szpirglas' base of operations. Kate's zoology studies are about to begin at the university on the other side of the river.
Publication history.
"Airborn" was first released in Canada in February 2004. It was shortly followed with its release in the United Kingdom and the United States in April and May 2004 respectively. Below is the release details for the first edition hardback and paperback copies in these three publication regions.

</doc>
<doc id="2914388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914388" title="Gibbing">
Gibbing

Gibbing is the process of preparing salt herring (or soused herring), in which the gills and part of the gullet are removed from the fish, eliminating any bitter taste. The liver and pancreas are left in the fish during the salt-curing process because they release enzymes essential for flavor. The fish is then cured in a barrel with one part salt to 20 herring. Today many variations and local preferences exist on this process. 
History.
The process of gibbing was invented by Willem Beuckelszoon (aka Willem Beuckelsz, William Buckels or William Buckelsson), a 14th-century Zealand Fisherman. The invention of this fish preservation technique led to the Dutch becoming a seafaring power.
Sometime between 1380 and 1386, William Buckels of Biervliet in Zeeland discovered that "salt fish will keep, and that fish that can be kept can be packed and can be exported".
Buckels' invention of gibbing created an export industry for salt herring that was monopolized by the Dutch. They began to build ships and eventually moved from trading in herring to colonizing and the Dutch Empire. 
The Emperor Charles V erected a statue to Buckels honouring him as the benefactor of his country, and Queen Mary of Hungary after finding his tomb sat upon it and ate a herring.
Herring is still very important to the Dutch who celebrate Vlaggetjesdag (Flag Day) each spring, as a tradition that dates back to the 14th century when fishermen went out to sea in their small boats to capture the annual catch, and to preserve and export their catch abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="2914393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914393" title="Rummoli">
Rummoli

Rummoli is a family card game for 2 to 8 people. This Canadian board game, first marketed in 1940 by the Copp Clark Publishing Company of Toronto requires a Rummoli board, a deck of playing cards (52 cards, no jokers), and chips or coins to play. The game is usually played for fun, or for small stakes (e.g. Canadian cent).
Rummoli is similar to Michigan Rummy.
Rummoli board.
A "Rummoli board", used during play, has the shape of an octagon. It is generally simply printed on a large sheet of paper.
In the centre of the board is a pot called "Rummoli", surrounded by eight pots:
Each of these pots on the board is used to store chips. The ordering of the pots around the board is not important.
Play.
Ace is high. For brevity, in the following description the "lowest card" means the lowest card in a player's hand or, if two or more cards are equally low, either or any of them.
A game is played in one or more rounds. The game ends at the end of a round, at the discretion of the players. For example it may be agreed to finish at a certain time, or when all but one player have exhausted their chips.
Rounds.
For each round, there are four stages: the "Deal", the "Poker phase", the "Rummoli phase", and the "End of round", which are played in sequence.
But each round must begin with the 2 of clubs.
A popular variation, particularly when playing with non-poker fans or smaller children) is to play the Poker phase after the "End of Round", thus preventing players from knowing which cards the other players are holding during the Rummoli phase. When the Poker phase is played at the end of the round, the highest poker hand presented wins the pot -- there is generally no bidding (players having already seen each other's cards).
Deal.
Before the cards are dealt, each player pays one chip to each pot on the Rummoli board.
The dealer then deals around the table to every player, and an extra hand (in some terminology known as a ghost hand) called the "widow".
Once the bid is accepted the player is committed to the exchange regardless if the widow is a poorer hand. The widow hand takes no further part in the play.
Rummoli phase.
While this phase is being played if any player lays down a card corresponding to a pot such as Ace of Spades, the player picks up that pot. However in some forms of the game, if the player places down a card that corresponds to a pot without realizing that he/she did so, then they do not get to reclaim the chips in such pot.
The player with the next card in the sequence of the suit must lay that card, and this continues with players laying cards until nobody has the card that follows in sequence.
A card once laid takes no further part in the play.
End of round.
The first player to have an empty hand wins the "Rummoli pot".
The deal shifts after each round, one player clockwise.
End of play.
After the agreed end of the round play, all chips on the board are placed into one pot and a round of poker dealt and played for it. A variation is to play a round for each pot that still has chips in it, starting with the pot with the fewest chips.
The player with the most chips at the end of the game wins.

</doc>
<doc id="2914395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914395" title="Rustic">
Rustic

Rustic can refer to:
In zoology:
In geography:
In architecture:
In palaeography and calligraphy:

</doc>
<doc id="2914397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914397" title="Sunda slow loris">
Sunda slow loris

The Sunda slow loris ("Nycticebus coucang") or greater slow loris is a strepsirrhine primate and a species of slow loris native to Indonesia, western Malaysia, southern Thailand and Singapore. It measures from head to tail and weighs between . Like other slow lorises, it has a wet nose (rhinarium), a round head, small ears hidden in thick fur, a flat face, large eyes and a vestigial tail.
The Sunda slow loris is nocturnal and arboreal, typically occurring in evergreen forests. It prefers rainforests with continuous dense canopies and has an extremely low metabolic rate compared to other mammals of its size. Its diet consists of sap, floral nectar, fruit and arthropods. It will feed on exudates such as gum and sap by licking wounds in trees. The species is generally solitary; one study showed only 8% of its active time was spent near other individuals. Social behavior makes up a very small part of the activity budget, though it has monogamous mating system with the offspring living with the parents. It sleeps during the day, rolled up in a ball in hidden parts of trees above the ground, often on branches, twigs, palm fronds, or lianas. The species is polyoestrous, usually giving birth to a single offspring after a gestation period of 192 days. The young disperses between 16 and 27 months, generally when it is sexually mature.
The species is listed as "Vulnerable" on the IUCN Red List. It is threatened with extinction due to a growing demand in the exotic pet trade, and has become one of the most abundant primate species on sale at Indonesian pet markets. Its teeth are often pulled out before being sold as pets which can result in infection and/or death, this process makes reintroduction to the wild impossible. It also suffers from habitat loss, which has been severe in the areas in which it is found.
Etymology.
The common name, Sunda slow loris, refers to the Sunda Islands, a group of islands in the western part of the Malay archipelago where it is found. Another common name for the species is the Greater Slow Loris. The specific name, "coucang", derives from "kukang", its common name in Indonesia. It is commonly known as "malu-malu", meaning "shy" in Indonesian, and also as "bukang" or "Kalamasan". It is sometimes called "Kuskus", because local people do not distinguish between the slow loris and Cuscus, a group of Australasian possums. In Malaysia they are sometimes known as "kongkang" or "kera duku"; "kera" is Malay for monkey while "duku" is the fruit-bearing tree, "Lansium parasiticum". In Thailand, it is called "ling lom" (ลิงลม), which translates as "wind monkey".
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The Sunda slow loris was first described (in part) in 1785 by the Dutch physician and naturalist Pieter Boddaert under the name "Tardigradus coucang". However, its discovery dates to 1770, when the Dutchman Arnout Vosmaer (1720–1799) described a specimen of it as a type of sloth. Vosmaer gave it the French name "le paresseux pentadactyle du Bengale" ("the five-fingered sloth of Bengal"), but Boddaert later argued that it was more closely aligned with the lorises of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) and Bengal.
Between 1800 and 1907, several other slow loris species were described, but in 1953 the primatologist William Charles Osman Hill, in his influential book, "Primates: Comparative Anatomy and Taxonomy", consolidated all the slow lorises into a single species, "N. coucang". In 1971 Colin Groves recognized the pygmy slow loris ("N. pygmaeus") as a separate species, and divided "N. coucang" into four subspecies. In 2001 Groves opined that there were three species ("N. coucang", "N. pygmaeus", and "N. bengalensis"), and that "N. coucang" itself had three subspecies ("Nycticebus coucang coucang", "N. c. menagensis", and "N. c. javanicus"). These three subspecies were promoted in 2010 to species status—the Sunda slow loris, the Javan slow loris ("N. javanicus") and Bornean slow loris ("N. menagensis"). Species differentiation was based largely on differences in morphology, such as size, fur color, and head markings. (At the end of 2012, the Bornean slow loris was itself divided into four distinct species.)
When Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire defined the genus "Nycticebus" in 1812, he made the Sunda slow loris the type species. This was questioned in 1921 by British zoologist Oldfield Thomas, who noted that there was some confusion over which specimen was used as the type specimen. Instead, he suggested that the type specimen was actually the Bengal slow loris, "Lori bengalensis" Lacépède, 1800. There was further confusion during the 1800s when Boddaert's "Tardigradus coucang" was routinely mistaken for Carl Linnaeus' "Lemur tardigradus" – a species he had described in the 10th edition of "Systema Naturæ" (1758) The fact that "Lemur tardigradus" was actually a slender loris remained obscured until 1902, when mammalogists Witmer Stone and James A. G. Rehn finally cleared the air.
The species has 50 chromosomes (2n=50), and it genome size is 3.58 pg. Of its chromosomes, 22 are metacentric, 26 are submetacentric, and none are acrocentric. Its X chromosome is submetacentric, and its Y chromosome is metacentric.
To help clarify species and subspecies boundaries, and to establish whether morphology-based classifications were consistent with evolutionary relationships, the phylogenetic relationships within the genus "Nycticebus" have been investigated using DNA sequences derived from the mitochondrial markers D-loop and cytochrome "b". Although most of the recognized lineages of "Nycticebus" (including the pygmy slow loris ("N. pygmaeus"), Bornean slow loris ("N. menagensis") and the Javan slow loris ("N. javanicus")) were shown to be genetically distinct, the analysis suggested that DNA sequences from selected individuals of Sunda slow loris ("N. coucang") and Bengal slow loris ("N. bengalensis") shared a closer evolutionary relationship with "each other" than with other members of their own respective species. The authors suggest that this result may be explained by introgressive hybridization, as the tested individuals of these two taxa originated from a region of sympatry in southern Thailand; the precise origin of one of the "N. coucang" individuals was not known. This hypothesis was corroborated by a 2007 study that compared the variations in mitochondrial DNA sequences between "N. bengalensis" and "N. coucang", and suggested that there has indeed been gene flow between the two species.
Anatomy and physiology.
The Sunda slow loris has dark rings around its large eyes, a white nose with a whitish strip that extends to the forehead and a dark stripe that stretches from the back of the head along the spine. Its soft, thick, woolly fur ranges from light brown to deep reddish brown, with a lighter underside. The species is distinct from the Bengal slow loris due to the dark inverse teardrop markings around the eyes which meet the dark dorsal stripe on the back of the head. It tends to have a much more distinct white stripe between the eyes, more distinct dark coloring around the eyes, and a browner coat than the Bengal slow loris which is larger, grayer, and shows less contrast. The Sunda slow loris has less white facial coloring than the much smaller pygmy slow loris. Local color variations are known to occur.
It measures between and weighs . Unlike the Bengal slow loris, the Sunda slow loris does not show sexual dimorphism by weight. The vestigial tail, hidden beneath the fur, is reduced to a stump. It has a toothcomb, six forward-facing teeth on the bottom jaw, which includes the lower incisors and the canine teeth. The structure is generally used for grooming in other strepsirhine primates, but lorises also use it to scrape off gum when foraging. It has a shortened second digit, and the hands have a strong grip. Like other lorises, it excretes a strong-smelling liquid from glands beneath its arms which is used in communication.
One major distinguishing feature between all loris species is locomotion: the Sunda slow loris moves slowly through trees on all four limbs, typically with three limbs attached to a support at a time. Its movement has been described as unique; similar to crawling, or as if it was climbing in every direction, the Sunda slow loris changes direction or moves between branches with little noise or change in speed. In captivity, about a quarter of its time is spent moving quadrupedally, a quarter suspended or hanging, a quarter climbing, and a quarter clasping multiple branches (bridging). It may hang below a branch by one or both feet for long periods of time.
Behavior and ecology.
Like other slow lorises, the Sunda slow loris is an arboreal and nocturnal primate, resting by day in the forks of trees, or in thick vegetation and feeding on fruit and insects by night. Unlike other loris species, it remains in trees most of its life: while the Bengal slow loris will often sleep on the ground, the Sunda slow loris sleeps in a ball in branches or foliage. It usually sleeps alone but has been observed to sleep with several conspecifics (individuals of the same species), including other adults. Adults live in overlapping ranges of .
Despite its slow metabolism rate, the Sunda slow loris has a high-energy diet. Its slow lifestyle may be due to the energy costs of detoxifying certain secondary plant compounds in many genera of food plants their diets. The largest amount of time is spent eating phloem sap (34.9%), floral nectar and nectar-producing plant parts (31.7%), and fruits (22.5%). It also consumes gums and arthropods such as spiders and insects. Gum is taken by licking wounds on trees. They are also known to feed on molluscs, including the giant land snail "Achatina fulica", and birds' eggs.
All slow loris species produce a toxin in glands on the insides of their elbows. This is spread across their bodies and those of their offspring using the toothcomb while grooming. When threatened with predators, the Sunda slow loris can bite, roll into a ball exposing its toxic saliva-covered fur, or roll up and drop from the trees. However, the primary method of predator avoidance is crypsis, whereby it hides. The Asiatic reticulated python, the changeable hawk-eagle and the Bornean orangutan have been recorded as predators of the Sunda slow loris.
Social systems.
The Sunda slow loris may fit into the monogamous single male/single female social system, though are mainly known to be solitary. One study showed only 8% of the species' active time was spent near other individuals. Where home ranges overlap, spatial groups are formed. These groups consist of one male, one female and up to three younger individuals. The interactions between these individuals are largely friendly; they include allogrooming, following, pant-growling, and click-calling, although social behaviors only make up around 3% of the activity budget. When it comes into contact with conspecifics from other home ranges there is usually no reaction as home ranges are not defended. In captivity however, it can be aggressive with other individuals. Males have shown antagonistic behaviors such as attacks, pursuits, threats, assertion, fighting, and subordination. The fighting often results in serious injury. Despite this, they are known to be generally sociable in captivity, with allogrooming being the most common social behavior.
Communication.
There are eight distinct call types made by Sunda slow loris adults, which can be divided into two categories: contact and contact-seeking calls such as whistles and short keckers (a social play and attention-seeking call), and aggressive and defensive calls such as long keckers, screams, snarls and grunts. Because they rely on crypsis to avoid predators, they do not make alarm calls. Infants emits clicks and squeaks when disturbed. During estrus, females make whistle calls when in visual contact with a male. When exploring new environments and during handling, it makes ultrasonic vocalisations out of the human hearing range.
Olfactory communication is very important in this species. It has roles in alerting others of the identity, physical state and position of the individual. It is also important in reproduction. Like other slow lorises, the Sunda slow loris has glands on its elbows that exude oils. The gland is licked to spread scent and is thought to have evolved for communication, but it is toxic to humans. If the person is allergic to the animal they can go into shock and could even die. It also has glands on its anus and can signal conspecifics by perineal rubbing which deposits urine. When it locates the scent of another slow loris it may rub its face on the substrate where the scent was found.
The Sunda slow loris may grin or bare its teeth. When stressed, infants may grin, while adults bear their teeth to show aggression or fear, but also during play.
Reproduction.
Reproduction is one of the few times the Sunda slow loris aggregates with conspecifics, as it is largely solitary. One study recorded that the most slow lorises ever seen together was six; this appeared to be a female in estrus and five males following her. This may suggest a more promiscuous mating system, where females mate with more than one male. Despite this, its testis size is small compared with similar sized promsimians, which is indicative of monogamy. In the wild the mating system of the Sunda slow loris is thought to vary between populations.
Sexual maturity is reached between the ages of 18 and 24 months in females, and can be reached by 17 months in males. It is polyestrous, having many periods of sexual receptivity during a year. In captivity however, there is a clear birth peak between March and May. It has been observed that reproductive patterns of captive prosimians in the northern hemisphere are altered. The estrus cycle lasts 29–45 days, with most copulations occurring on the same day. 
Females in estrus are followed by males, with copulation initiated by the female. The female will hang from a branch and may vocalise. The male will hold the female and the branch and copulate with her. Urine-marking and vocalising are also used by the female to solicit mating. The male may create a mating plug following copulation.
The gestation period averages 192.2 days, after which one young is born, although twinning has been observed. Both males and females will disperse in the wild, this occurs between 16 and 27 months.
Distribution and habitat.
The Sunda slow loris is found in continuous canopy tropical rainforests. It is adaptable and will also live in other types of habitat. It is found in Indonesia, on the islands of Sumatra, Batam and Galang in the Riau Archipelago, and Pulau Tebingtinggi and Great Natuna (Bunguran) in the Natuna Islands; in Malaysia on the Malay Peninsula and Pulau Tioman; in the southern peninsular of Thailand; and Singapore.
The Sunda slow loris is sympatric (shares its range) with the Bengal slow loris in Thailand and hybridisation has occurred.
Conservation.
According to the 2008 International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List assessment, the Sunda slow loris was evaluated as "Vulnerable". In June 2007 it was transferred from CITES Appendix II to Appendix I, indicating a true concern about the state of international trade in this species, an act now forbidden by international law. It is also protected by Indonesian law, though the law does not seem to be strictly enforced. Its population size is unknown and further studies need to be carried out to confirm their conservation status.
The Sunda slow loris is greatly threatened by the pet trade, and is sold as an exotic pet throughout southeast Asia. The slow lorises are the most commonly traded protected primates in southeast Asia. When sold as a pet it often will have its teeth pulled out to prevent injury to the owner. This may cause dental infections which have up to a 90% death rate. Once it has lost its teeth, reintroduction to the wild is impossible. Due to a very high mortality rate in captivity due to stress, improper nutrition and infection, the pet trade is inflated by replacements. With a greater purchasing power, the increasing human populations in the species' range could have an even more serious impact.
The Sunda slow loris is further threatened by gathering for illegal traditional medicine. The fur is reported to heal wounds, the flesh to cure epilepsy, eyes are used in love potions, and the meat is reported to cure asthma and stomach problems. It is also killed as a crop pest. Severe habitat loss and degradation over large areas of its range have caused large population declines, even though the species is more adaptable to anthropogenic habitats than other primates in the region. The resulting fragmentation has restricted species dispersal as it depends on continuous canopy cover to move from tree to tree.

</doc>
<doc id="2914399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914399" title="Gustavo Jiménez">
Gustavo Jiménez

Gustavo Jiménez (Tarma, Peru, 1886 – 1933 in Lima) was a Peruvian colonel who served as President of Peru for six days in 1931.
Jiménez organised one of several uprisings that led to the fall of the government of Augusto B. Leguía. After the nomination of General Luis Miguel Sánchez Cerro as the new provisional president, Jiménez kept his supporters under arms since he did not agree with the decision. Following the replacement of Sánchez Cerro with Ricardo Leoncio Elías Arias, Jiménez returned to Lima on March 5, 1931. After entering the presidential palace and a negotiation with Elías, Jiménez became the new president, even though David Samanez Ocampo had been expected to take over presidential power that day.
Due to the continuing unrest in the country and strong resistance against Jiménez from the Navy, Jiménez turned power over to David Samanez Ocampo on March 11.
References.
World Statesmen Leaders of Peru
Council on Hemispheric Affairs website Peru Elections: The Military Issue

</doc>
<doc id="2914401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914401" title="Fabra Observatory">
Fabra Observatory

The Fabra Observatory (, ) is an astronomical observatory located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain pointed towards the south at 415 m of altitude over the level of the sea (latitude: 41,4184° N; longitude: 2,1239° E). 
It was established in 1904 and belongs to the Reial Acadèmia de Ciències i Arts de Barcelona.
Its main activity is the study of asteroids and comets. It's the fourth most ancient observatory in the world that is still functioning.
It was where the comet 32P/Comas Solà was discovered by Josep Comas Solà

</doc>
<doc id="2914404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914404" title="Kim Yeong-seon">
Kim Yeong-seon

Kim Yeong Seon (; born December 17, 1968 in Seoul) is a South Korean voice actor. He joined the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's voice acting division in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="2914434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914434" title="Devario shanensis">
Devario shanensis

Devario shanensis is a small, freshwater fish of the Cyprinidae family found in the Irrawaddy and Salween River basins.

</doc>
<doc id="2914442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914442" title="Glenn Shuck">
Glenn Shuck

Glenn W. Shuck is an Assistant Professor in the Religion Department at Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts. He received his Ph.D. from Rice University, and is best known as a scholar of North American evangelicalism. 
His book "Marks of the Beast: The Left Behind Novels and the Struggle for Evangelical Identity," was published by NYU Press in 2005. He followed this with a collection of original essays co-edited with Jeffrey J. Kripal of Rice University on the Esalen Institute in California, published by Indiana University Press in 2005. Shuck's scholarship and teaching also focuses on New Religious Movements in the United States as well as the Protestant Reformation and contemporary trends in religion and politics and apocalypticism and millennial movements. His current work focuses on the roots and consequences of American cultural pessimism, with a book co-written with John M. Stroup in Fall 2007 from Baylor University Press. His publishing and pedagogy is also heavily influenced by insights provided by American Continental philosophers, especially Mark C. Taylor of Williams College and Edith Wyschogrod of Rice University. He received his B.A. from Texas Lutheran University in German Studies, and maintains an active interest in German theology and politics, and has published an article in German in the theological periodical "Zeitzeichen" titled "Trojanisches Pferd im Kulturkampf: Die apocalyptischen Left Behind-Romane sind Teil eines evangelikalen Kulturkampfes."

</doc>
<doc id="2914446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914446" title="Matt Riddle">
Matt Riddle

Matt Riddle (born August 28, 1966 ) is an American punk rock bassist. He was the original bass player for Face to Face, which was founded in Victorville, California, in the early 1990s. After the band's major-label debut "Big Choice" was released in 1995, Riddle parted ways with Face to Face due to personal conflicts with singer/guitarist Trever Keith. He then joined No Use for a Name in 1996 after the band's fourth full-length, Leche Con Carne (1995) and made his recording debut on the band's Making Friends record in 1997. He also played briefly for the punk bands Pulley and 22 Jacks. Riddle and Keith have reportedly reconciled their differences, and Riddle provided liner notes for a Face to Face collection entitled "Shoot the Moon" in 2005. Riddle was not, however, part of the Face to Face reunion in 2008.
On December 3, 2010 No Use for a Name notified fans through their Myspace page that he was hospitalized with severe pancreatitis. He had his gall bladder removed and was eventually released from the hospital.
On August 1, 2012, No Use for a Name frontman Tony Sly was reported dead at age 41, putting an end to the band's career. Riddle currently resides in the Victorville area with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="2914452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914452" title="Bootle New Strand railway station">
Bootle New Strand railway station

Bootle New Strand railway station is a railway station in the centre of Bootle, Sefton,England. It is on the Northern Line of the Merseyrail network and serves in particular the nearby New Strand Shopping Centre. The platforms are elevated and are reached by ramps from the entrance at street level. Connecting bus services leave from the nearby bus station in the basement of New Strand Shopping Centre.
History.
Bootle New Strand opened in 1850 as an intermediate station when the Liverpool, Crosby and Southport Railway was extended from its previous terminal at Waterloo to Liverpool Exchange. Originally it was named Marsh Lane & Strand Road, until some time during the 1960s when the nearby New Strand Shopping Centre was built. The LC&SR became part of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (LYR), on 14 June 1855. The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway amalgamated with the London and North Western Railway on 1 January 1922 and in turn was Grouped into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923. Nationalisation followed in 1948 and in 1978 the station became part of the Merseyrail network's Northern Line (operated by British Rail until privatisation in 1995).
Services.
Trains operate every 15 minutes throughout the day from Monday to Saturday and on summer Sundays to Southport to the north, and to Hunts Cross via Liverpool Central to the south. Winter Sunday services are every 30 minutes in each direction.

</doc>
<doc id="2914454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914454" title="British NVC community OV5">
British NVC community OV5

__NOTOC__
British NVC community OV5 ("Digitaria ischaemum - Erodium cicutarium" community) is one of the open habitat communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system. It is one of six arable weed and track-side communities of light, less-fertile acid soils.
It is a very localised community. There are no subcommunities.
Community composition.
The following constant species are found in this community:
One rare species is associated with the community:
Distribution.
This community is confined to a single locality in Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="2914456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914456" title="Karl Schwarzschild Observatory">
Karl Schwarzschild Observatory

The Karl-Schwarzschild-Observatorium (Karl Schwarzschild Observatory) is an astronomical observatory originally founded in 1960 as an affiliated institute of the former Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin and named in honour of the astronomer and physicist Karl Schwarzschild. In 1992, the institute was refounded as "Thüringer Landessternwarte" (TLS, Thuringian State Observatory) "’Karl Schwarzschild’ Tautenburg". It is located in Tautenburg, Germany (10 kilometres north-east of Jena).
The observatory has the largest telescope located in Germany, which is also the largest Schmidt camera in the world. Made by VEB Zeiss Jena (the branch of Zeiss located in Jena in what was then East Germany), this instrument is known as 2m "Alfred-Jensch-Teleskop": though its mirror is 2 metres in diameter, the telescope's aperture is 1.34m. 
On 5 April 2005 the observatory observed an exoplanet around the star HD 13189.

</doc>
<doc id="2914492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914492" title="Room Service (2007 film)">
Room Service (2007 film)

Room Service is a romantic comedy film released in 2007, starring Holly Weber. It is written by Janus Cercone, and produced by Joe Simpson, Gale Anne Hurd, Randall Emmett, George Furla.
Plot.
Katya Morgan is a rich, pampered heiress who spends her days shopping, partying, and chasing guys... until she is disinherited from the family fortune by her father. With no money to her name, and no job skills, Katya takes a job as a maid at the plush swank Royal Palmetto hotel in Scottsdale, Arizona. But when she falls for Alex Sheridan, the general manager of the hotel where she works, Katya learns that getting what you don't want can sometimes be the best reward of all.

</doc>
<doc id="2914498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914498" title="Western Family Foods">
Western Family Foods

Western Family Foods was founded as the Pacific Mercantile Cooperative on March 3, 1934 by a group of retailer-owned grocery wholesalers. Western Family Foods was established December 19, 1963. The company supplies independent grocery stores with store brands. It is based in Tigard, Oregon. It distributes the Western Family, Shurfine, Shursaving, MarketChoice and Better Buy brands which are used in many independently-owned supermarkets.
Product incidents.
On October 11, 2007, food manufacturer ConAgra asked stores to pull its Banquet and generic brand chicken and turkey pot pies because of 150 cases of salmonella poisoning in 31 states being linked to the consumption of ConAgra pot pies, with 20 people hospitalized. By October 12, a full recall was announced, affecting all varieties of frozen pot pies sold under the brands Banquet, Albertsons, Food Lion, Great Value, Hill Country Fare, Kirkwood, Kroger, Meijer, and Western Family.

</doc>
<doc id="2914508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914508" title="Robertsonpet">
Robertsonpet

Robertsonpet is a township in the city of Kolar Gold Fields in India. It is one of the first planned residential areas in modern-day India. The township was planned and built to accommodate the increasing population of the city of Kolar Gold Fields. The town hall popularly known as King George Hall is lavishly built in Victorian style with an impressive lawn and garden in front of it.

</doc>
<doc id="2914510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914510" title="Shurfine">
Shurfine

Shurfine International is a distributor of private label and store brands for independent supermarkets and convenience stores throughout the United States. It is a unit of Western Family Foods out of Portland Oregon and is serviced by Associated Wholesalers Inc (AWI) 
Most of Shurfine's products are produced by Oregon-based Western Family Foods.
Shurfine Markets.
Shurfine Markets is a collection of independent supermarkets in Pennsylvania, Western New York, and Maryland. These markets are a retailers' cooperative. Nine Shurfine Markets are owned by Associated Wholesalers, Inc..
Shurfine's stores in northeastern Pennsylvania operate under the name ShurSave. For years they have used the slogan "You sure save more at a ShurSave store."

</doc>
<doc id="2914523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914523" title="Onatas">
Onatas

Onatas was an ancient Greek sculptor of the time of the Persian Wars and a member of the flourishing school of Aegina. Many of his works are mentioned by Pausanias; they included a Hermes carrying the ram, and a strange image of the Black Demeter made for the people of Phigalia; also some elaborate groups in bronze set up at Olympia and Delphi. For Hiero I, king of Syracuse, Onatas executed a votive chariot in bronze dedicated at Olympia. If we compare the descriptions of the works of Onatas given us by Pausanias with the well-known pediments of Aegina at Munich we shall find so close an agreement that we may safely take the pedimental figures as an index of the style of Onatas. They are manly, vigorous, athletic, showing great knowledge of the human form, but somewhat stiff and automaton-like.
Onatas has also been linked to the Riace warriors group, also attributed to Phidias. The pair were found of the coast of Reggio Calabria in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="2914526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914526" title="Darrin Brown">
Darrin Brown

Darrin Brown (born October 28, 1970) is a Canadian actor best known for his role as Dwayne Myers on the "Degrassi" television series.
Brown was born in Toronto, Ontario. In 1992, Brown received a Bachelor of Applied Arts degree in Radio and Television Arts from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute (now Ryerson University). Currently, Brown works predominantly in film as an assistant director.

</doc>
<doc id="2914539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914539" title="Thorn Cycles">
Thorn Cycles

Thorn Cycles is a British manufacturer of bicycles based in Bridgwater, Somerset. They specialise in tandems, touring and randonneuring cycles. 
They have recently become well known for their Raven series of cycles equipped with Rohloff hub gears. These include the Raven Tour expedition tourer, the Sport Tour fast tourer, Sterling mountain bikes and recently the Raven Twin tandem. 
The business began under the name St John Street Cycles in 1984 when Robin Thorn took over a traditional bicycle and toy shop in St John Street, Bridgwater. They began making their own cycles in the 1990s under the 'THORN' brand. Thorn Cycles Ltd was registered as a limited company in 2000. St John Street Cycles remains as a trading name for the retail arm of the business.

</doc>
<doc id="2914541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914541" title="Monte Mario Observatory">
Monte Mario Observatory

The Monte Mario Observatory (Sede di Monte Mario, literally "Monte Mario Site") is an astronomical observatory and is part of the Rome Observatory (Osservatorio Astronomico di Roma). It is located atop of Monte Mario in Rome, Italy.
This location (12°27'8.4"E ) was used as the prime meridian (rather than Greenwich) for maps of Italy until the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="2914549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914549" title="Arthur MacMurrough Kavanagh">
Arthur MacMurrough Kavanagh

Arthur MacMorrough Kavanagh (25 March 1831 – 15 December 1889), Irish politician, son of Thomas Kavanagh, M.P., who traced his descent to the ancient Kings of Leinster through Art mac Art MacMurrough-Kavanagh, and of Lady Harriete Margaret Le Poer Trench, daughter of the second Earl of Clancarty. Kavanagh was born at Borris House, County Carlow, Ireland.
Early life.
He had only the rudiments of arms and legs, but in spite of his disability he had a remarkable career. Placed in the care of a visionary doctor, Francis Boxwell, who believed that even an armless and legless child could be "trained" to live a productive life, Kavanagh learnt to ride in the most fearless way aged 3, strapped to a special saddle, and managing the horse with the stumps of his arms; he also fished, shot, drew and wrote, various mechanical contrivances being devised to supplement his limited physical capacities.
In 1849 his mother discovered that he had been having affairs with girls on the family estate, so she sent him into exile to Uppsala in Sweden and then to Moscow with his brother and the Rev. Wood, whom he came to hate. He travelled extensively in Egypt, Asia Minor, Persia and India between 1846 and 1853; in India his letter of credit from his mother was cancelled when she discovered that he had spent two weeks in a harem, so he persuaded the East India Company to hire him as a dispatch rider. Other sources say that this was due to the death of his eldest brother Charles of consumption in December 1851, which left him with only 30 shillings.
Political career.
In 1851, Kavanagh succeeded to the family estates and to the title of The MacMurrough following the death of his older brother Thomas. He married his cousin, Mary Frances Forde-Leathley, in 1855. Assisted by his wife, he was a most philanthropic landlord, and was an active county magistrate and chairman of the board of guardians. Together they had seven children: Eva (d. 1896), May (d. 1949), Agnes (d. 1932), Walter (d. 1922), Arthur (d. 1882), Charles (d. 1950) and Osborne (d. 1897).
Kavanagh served as High Sheriff of County Kilkenny for 1856 and High Sheriff of Carlow for 1857. A Conservative and a Protestant, he sat in Parliament for County Wexford from 1866 to 1868, and for County Carlow from 1868 to 1880. On being elected he had to be placed on the Tory benches by his manservant; the Speaker, Evelyn Denison, gave a special dispensation to allow the servant to stay in the chamber during sittings. He was opposed to the disestablishment of the Irish Church, but supported the Land Act of 1870. On losing his seat in 1880 Gladstone appointed him to the Bessborough Commission but he disagreed with its conclusions and published his own dissenting report. In 1886 he was made a member of the Privy Council of Ireland.
Kavanagh died of pneumonia on 25 December 1889, in London and was buried in Ballicopagan cemetery. He was succeeded in the title of the MacMurrough by his son, Walter MacMurrough Kavanagh, who also served as MP for County Carlow from 1908 to 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="2914552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914552" title="Amanda McKittrick Ros">
Amanda McKittrick Ros

Anna Margaret Ross (née McKittrick; 8 December 1860 – 2 February 1939), known by her pen-name Amanda McKittrick Ros, was an Irish writer. She published her first novel "Irene Iddesleigh" at her own expense in 1897. She wrote poetry and a number of novels. Her works were not read widely, and her eccentric, over-written, "purple" circumlocutory writing is alleged by some critics to be some of the worst prose and poetry ever written.
Life.
McKittrick was born in Drumaness, County Down, on 8 December 1860, the fourth child of Eliza Black and Edward Amlave McKittrick, Principal of Drumaness High School. She was christened Anna Margaret at Third Ballynahinch Presbyterian Church on 27 January 1861. In the 1880s she attended Marlborough Teacher Training College in Dublin, was appointed Monitor at Millbrook National School, Larne, County Antrim, finished her training at Marlborough and then became a qualified teacher at the same school.
It was during her first visit to Larne that she met Andrew Ross, a widower of 35, who was station master there. She married him at Joymount Presbyterian Church, Carrickfergus, County Antrim on 30 August 1887. She died after a fall in her home in 1939.
Writing.
She wrote under the pen-name Amanda McKittrick Ros, possibly in an attempt to suggest a connection to the noble de Ros family of County Down. Ros was strongly influenced by the novelist Marie Corelli. She wrote: "My chief object of writing "is" and always "has" been, to write if possible in a strain all my own. "This" I find is why my writings are so much sought after."
Her admirers included Mark Twain, Lord Beveridge, and Aldous Huxley. Her novel "Irene Iddesleigh" was published in 1897. It was reviewed by humorist Barry Pain who sarcastically termed it "the book of the century." Ros retorted in her preface to "Delina Delaney" by branding Pain a "clay crab of corruption," and suggesting that he was so hostile only because he was secretly in love with her. But Ros claimed to have made enough money from her second novel, "Delina Delaney," to build a house, which she named "Iddesleigh."
Belfast Public Libraries have a large collection of manuscripts, typescripts and first editions of her work. Manuscript copies include "Irene Iddesleigh", "Sir Benjamin Bunn" and "Six Months in Hell". Typescript versions of all the above are held together with "Rector Rose", "St. Scandal Bags" and "The Murdered Heiress" among others. The collection of first editions covers all her major works including volumes of her poetry "Fumes of Formation" and "Poems of Puncture", together with lesser known pieces such as "Kaiser Bill" and "Donald Dudley: The Bastard Critic". The collection includes hundreds of letters addressed to Ros, many with her own comments in the margins. Also included are typed copies of her letters to newspapers, correspondence with her admiring publisher T.S. Mercer, an album of newspaper cuttings and photographs, and a script for a BBC broadcast from July 1943.
Reputation.
Nick Page, author of "In Search of the World's Worst Writers," rated Ros the worst of the worst. He says that "For Amanda, eyes are 'piercing orbs', legs are 'bony supports', people do not blush, they are 'touched by the hot hand of bewilderment.'"
Jack Loudan, however, said that "Amanda is the most perfect instrument for measuring the sense of humour. Alert and quick witted people accept her at once: those she leaves entirely unmoved are invariably dull and unimaginative."
Novels.
Aldous Huxley wrote that In Mrs. Ros we see, as we see in the Elizabethan novelists, the result of the discovery of art by an unsophisticated mind and of its first conscious attempt to produce the artistic. It is remarkable how late in the history of every literature simplicity is invented ... This is how she tells us that Delina earned money by doing needlework: "She tried hard to keep herself a stranger to her poor old father's slight income by the use of the finest production of steel, whose blunt edge eyed the reely covering with marked greed, and offered its sharp dart to faultless fabrics of flaxen fineness."
Her novel "Delina Delaney" begins:Have you ever visited that portion of Erin's plot that offers its sympathetic soil for the minute survey and scrutinous examination of those in political power, whose decision has wisely been the means before now of converting the stern and prejudiced, and reaching the hand of slight aid to share its strength in augmenting its agricultural richness?
The Oxford literary group the Inklings, which included C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien, held competitions to see who could read Ros' work for the longest length of time without laughing.
Northrop Frye said of Ros' novels that they use "rhetorical material without being able to absorb or assimilate it: the result is pathological, a kind of literary diabetes".
Poetry.
A poet as well as a novelist, Ros wrote "Poems of Puncture" and "Fumes of Formation". The latter contains "Visiting Westminster Abbey," which opens:
As of 2013, only "Irene Iddesleigh" is available in a modern edition. This contains appendices with Barry Pain's influential "Review" of the first edition and Thomas Beer's "introduction" to the 1926 edition along with Amanda's own venomous reactions. Her other books are rare and first editions command prices of $300 to $800 in the used-book market. Belfast Central Library has an archive of her papers, and the Queen's University of Belfast has some volumes by Ros in the stacks.
The Frank Ferguson-edited collection "Ulster-Scots Writing: An Anthology" (Four Courts, 2008) includes her poem 'The Town of Tare'.
On 11 November 2006 as part of a 50-year celebration, the librarian Elspeth Legg hosted a major retrospective of her works, culminating in a public reading by 65 delegates of the entire contents of "Fumes of Formation". The theme of the workshop that followed was 'Suppose you chance to write a book', Line 17 of 'Myself' from page 2 of "Fumes of Formation".

</doc>
