<doc id="2926730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926730" title="Fleet management">
Fleet management

Fleet management is the management of a company's transportation fleet. 
Fleet management includes commercial motor vehicles such as cars, aircraft (planes, helicopters etc.), ships, vans and trucks, as well as rail cars. Fleet (vehicle) management can include a range of functions, such as vehicle financing, vehicle maintenance, vehicle telematics (tracking and diagnostics), driver management, speed management, fuel management and health and safety management. Fleet Management is a function which allows companies which rely on transportation in business to remove or minimize the risks associated with vehicle investment, improving efficiency, productivity and reducing their overall transportation and staff costs, providing 100% compliance with government legislation (duty of care) and many more. These functions can be dealt with by either an in-house fleet-management department or an outsourced fleet-management provider. According to market research from the independent analyst firm Berg Insight, the number of fleet management units deployed in commercial fleets in Europe will grow from 1.5 million units in 2009 to 4 million in 2014. Even though the overall penetration level is just a few percent, some segments such as road transport will attain adoption rates above 31 percent.
Vehicle tracking.
See more: Vehicle tracking system
The most basic function in all fleet management systems, is the vehicle tracking component. This component is usually GPS-based, but sometimes it can be based on GLONASS or a cellular triangulation platform. Once vehicle location, direction and speed are determined from the GPS components, additional tracking capabilities transmit this information to a fleet management software application. Methods for data transmission include both terrestrial and satellite. Satellite tracking communications, while more expensive, are critical if vehicle tracking is to work in remote environments without interruption. Users can see actual, real-time locations of their fleet on a map. This is often used to quickly respond on events in the field.
Mechanical diagnostics.
Advanced fleet management systems can connect to the vehicle's onboard computer, and gather data for the user. Details such as mileage and fuel consumption are gathered into a global statistics scheme.
Driver behavior.
By combining received data from the vehicle tracking system and the on-board computer, it is possible to form a profile for any given driver (average speed, frequency of detours, brakes,etc.).
Fleet management software.
See more: Fleet management software
Fleet management software enables people to accomplish a series of specific tasks in the management of any or all aspects relating to a company's fleet of vehicles. These specific tasks encompass all operations from vehicle acquisition to disposal. Software, depending on its capabilities, allows functions such as driver and vehicle profiling, trip profiling, dispatch, vehicle efficiency, etc. It can provide remote control features, such as Geo-fencing and active disabling. Current vehicle diagnostic information can also be related to a management site, depending on the type of hardware installed in the vehicles.
New platform, based on Fleet management software, is fleet controlling with higher amount of information available for both drivers and dispatchers of a fleet. At this time (2012) online software platforms are very popular: users no longer have to install software and they can access the software through a web browser..
Management of ships.
Fleet management also refers to the management of ships while at sea. Shipping fleet management contracts are normally given to fleet management companies that handle aspects like crewing, maintenance, and day-to-day operations. This gives the ship owner time to concentrate on cargo booking.
Fleet Security and Control.
Recent advances in fleet management allow for the addition of over-the-air (OTA) security and control of fleet vehicles. Fleet Security and Control includes security of the vehicle while stopped or not in operation and the ability to safely disable a vehicle while in operation. This allows the fleet manager to recover stolen or rogue vehicles while reducing the chance of lost or stolen cargo. The additional of Fleet Security and Control to a fleet management system gives a fleet card manager preventative measures to address cargo damage and loss.
Remote Vehicle Disabling systems.
Remote vehicle disabling systems provide users at remote locations the ability to prevent an engine from starting, prevent movement of a vehicle, and to stop or slow an operating vehicle. Remote disabling allows a dispatcher or other authorized personnel to gradually decelerate a vehicle by downshifting, limiting the throttle capability, or bleeding air from the braking system from a remote location. Some of these systems provide advance notification to the driver that the vehicle disabling is about to occur. After stopping a vehicle, some systems will lock the vehicle's brakes or will not allow the vehicle's engine to be restarted within a certain timebound.
Remote disabling systems can also be integrated into a remote panic and emergency notification system. In an emergency, a driver can send an emergency alert by pressing a panic button on the dashboard, or by using a key-fob panic button if the driver is within close proximity of the truck. Then, the carrier or other approved organization can be remotely alerted to allow a dispatcher or other authorized personnel to evaluate the situation, communicate with the driver, and/or potentially disable the vehicle.
Fleet replacement and lifecycle management.
The timely replacement of vehicles and equipment is a process that requires the ability to predict asset lifecycles based on costing information, utilization, and asset age. Organizations prefer to use new fleet as a strategy for cost reduction where the used fleet is sold so that a new fleet is maintained.
Funding requirements are also an issue, because many organizations, especially government, purchase vehicles with cash. The ad hoc nature and traditional low funding levels with cash has put many operations in an aged fleet. This lack of adequate funding for replacement can also result in higher maintenance costs due to aged vehicles.
Duty of care.
In the UK, in April 2008, the Corporate Manslaughter Act was strengthened to target company directors as well as their drivers in cases of road deaths involving vehicles used on business. The Police have said they now treat every road death as ‘an unlawful killing’ and have the power to seize company records and computers during their investigations. They will bring prosecutions against company directors who fail to provide clear policies and guidance for their employees driving at work.
Directors and business owners may not be aware that privately owned vehicles used for business journeys are treated exactly the same as company owned vehicles. Directors have an equal responsibility under the law to ensure these vehicles are also roadworthy and correctly insured.
It is vital that every company has a ‘Driving at Work’ policy in place covering every element of their business vehicle operation, no matter how few vehicles are involved and who owns them. Every employee driving for business is required to sign up to the policy. In this way the directors can reduce the risk of being prosecuted and a possible custodial sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="2926736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926736" title="Syracuse Triad">
Syracuse Triad

The Syracuse Triad is the name given to the three women's sororities founded at Syracuse University. Alpha Phi was founded first in 1872 by 10 of the original 20 women admitted into Syracuse University. Gamma Phi Beta came along two years later in 1874 and with it came the term "sorority," which was coined at the time of its founding. (Prior to that, women's Greek-letter organizations used the term "women's fraternity," since no more appropriate term existed.) Alpha Gamma Delta completed the triad in 1904.
The three sororities maintain a special bond. A special Syracuse Triad ceremony or event is held on most campuses where all three groups are present. An example of common events are a Triad Tea or a Triad Dance.
Partial list of campuses where all three members of the Triad are currently present
Source.
Article in the Alpha Gamma Delta magazine By Margaret Knights Hultsch: Former Editor, Alpha Phi "Quarterly"

</doc>
<doc id="2926739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926739" title="Sudanese pound">
Sudanese pound

The Sudanese pound (Arabic: "") is the currency of Sudan and also used in South Sudan until finalization of the introduction of the South Sudanese pound. Both Arabic and English names for the denominations appear on the country's banknotes and coins.
History.
First pound (SDP).
The first pound to circulate in Sudan was the Egyptian pound. The late 19th century rebels Muhammad ibn Abdalla (the Mahdi) and Abdallahi ibn Muhammad (the Khalifa) both issued coins which circulated alongside the Egyptian currency. When Anglo-Egyptian rule in Sudan ceased and Sudan became an independent country, a distinct Sudanese currency (the Sudanese pound) was created, replacing the Egyptian pound at par.
The Egyptian pound was subdivided into 100 "qirush" (Arabic: , singular "qirsh", , English: "piastre"). The qirsh used to be subdivided into 40 para, but decimalisation following the 1886 Egyptian currency reform established a 1/10 qirsh, which came to be known as a "millim" (, singular: ). Due to this legacy, the post 1956 Sudanese pound was divided into 100 qirush, subdivided into 10 millims.
During 1958-1978 the pound was pegged to the U.S. dollar at a rate of $ 2.87156 per Sudanese pound. Thereafter, the pound underwent successive devaluations.
The pound was replaced in 1992 by the dinar (SDD) at a rate of 1 dinar = 10 pounds. While the dinar circulated in northern Sudan, in Southern Sudan, prices were still negotiated in pounds, whilst in Rumbek and Yei, the Kenyan shilling was used and accepted more within the transport sectors as well as for hotels/accommodation.
Second pound (SDG).
According to the Comprehensive Peace Agreement between the Government of the Republic of The Sudan and The Sudan People's Liberation Movement, the Central Bank of Sudan (CBOS) shall "adopt a program to issue a new currency as soon as is practical during the Interim Period. The design of the new currency shall reflect the cultural diversity of Sudan. Until a new currency has been issued with the approval of the Parties on the recommendations of the CBOS, the circulating currencies in Southern Sudan shall be recognised". The second pound began introduction on 9 or 10 January 2007, and became the only legal tender as of July 1, 2007. It replaced the dinar at a rate of 1 pound = 100 dinar or 1 pound (SDG) = 1000 pound (SDP).
Third pound.
The third edition of the Sudanese Pound was established on 24 July 2011 following the secession of South Sudan from the Republic of Sudan.
For a wider history surrounding currency in the region, see The History of British Currency in the Middle East.
Coins.
Local coinage in Sudan: issues of the Mahdi and Khalifa and of Darfur.
In 1885, the Mahdi issued silver coins for 10 and 20 qirush and gold 100 qirush. These were followed by issues of the Khalifa in denominations of 10 para, 1, 2, 2½, 4, 5, 10 and 20 qirush. These coins were initially minted in silver in 1885. Over the following eleven years, severe debasement occurred, leading to billon, then silver-washed copper and finally copper coins being issued. The coinage ceased in 1897.
During 1908-1914, a local coinage was issued in Darfur in western Sudan. These were issued under the authority of Ali Dinar and resembled contemporary Egyptian coins.
First pound.
In 1956, coins were introduced in denominations of 1, 2, 5 and 10 millim, 2, 5 and 10 qirush. The millim denominations were struck in bronze, whilst the qirush denominations were in cupro-nickel. The 2, 5 and 10 millim were scallop shaped, although a round 5 millim was introduced in 1971. The 1 and 2 millim were last struck in 1969, the last 5 millim in 1978. In 1983, brass 1, 2 and 5 qirush, a reduced size 10 qirush and a cupro-nickel 20 qirush were introduced. In 1987, aluminium-bronze 1, 5, 10, 20, 25 and 50 qirush and 1 pound were introduced, with the 25 and 50 qirush square and octagonal in shape, respectively. In 1989, stainless-steel 25 and 50 qirush and 1 pound were issued. This is the general pattern, in addition to these coins there are collector-oriented issues and various oddities. See popular coin catalogues for details.
Sudanese dinar.
See Sudanese dinar.
Second pound.
Coins in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 20 and 50 qirush were introduced alongside the circulating dinar coins. The Central Bank of Sudan states that the 5 qirush coins are yellow coloured (perhaps aluminium-bronze) and the 10 qirush is silver coloured (made of stainless steel). The 20 and 50 qirush coins are bi-metallic, with the 20 qirush yellow ringed with a silver coloured centre and the 50 qirush the opposite.
Third pound.
A 1 pound coin is awaited. It remains to be seen if the coins of the second pound will be replaced with new coins, or the coins will remain unchanged.
Banknotes.
First pound.
In April 1957, the Sudan Currency Board introduced notes for 25 and 50 piastres, 1, 5 and 10 pounds. Note production was taken over by the Bank of Sudan in 1961. 20-pound notes were introduced in 1981, followed by 50 pounds in 1984 and 100 pounds in 1988.
Sudanese dinar.
When introduced on 8 June 1992, the Sudanese dinar replaced the first Sudanese pound at a rate of 1:10.
Questionable new notes.
In 2005, National Public Radio reported that forces in Southern Sudan were printing pound notes bearing the name "Bank of New Sudan", but there is no such bank. In addition, numbers of the banknotes had duplicate serial numbers. Their legitimacy is questionable.
Second pound.
When introduced on 10 January 2007, the second Sudanese pound replaced the Sudanese dinar at a rate of 1:100. This new currency was mandated by the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement signed between the Sudanese government and the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement to end the country’s 21- year civil war. Deputy Governor Badr-Eddin Mahmoud said the cost to print the new currency was US$156 million. Banknotes of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20 and 50 pounds were issued. The 1-pound note was replaced by a coin at the end of November 2011.
Third Pound.
Banknotes of the third pound are similar in style to those of the second pound but with changes in colour scheme, the removal of certain symbols associated with the south and a redrawn map of the country after the secession of the south.

</doc>
<doc id="2926740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926740" title="Federated Ship Painters and Dockers Union">
Federated Ship Painters and Dockers Union

The Federated Ship Painters and Dockers Union (FSPDU) was an Australian trade union which existed between 1900 and 1993. It represented labourers in the shipbuilding industry, covering ""mostly work associated with chipping, painting, scrubbing" "cleaning" [ships, "working in every size of tanks, cleaning boilers, docking and undocking vessels, and rigging work"".
History.
Establishment.
The Painters and Dockers' Union had its origins in the New South Wales Associated Laborers Union, also known as the Balmain Labourers Union, which was established in Balmain in May 1883. The new union was formed to represent all unskilled workers or labourers in the area, but was focussed mainly on shipbuilding and ship repair, the main industry in Balmain. The union gradually grew in stature over the next decade, affiliating with the Trades and Labor Council of Sydney in 1889 and establishing the Balmain Trades and Labor Hall in 1890. The union was involved in the unsuccessful 1890 Maritime Strike. The union was also heavily involved in the formation of the first branch of the Labor Electoral League of New South Wales, the forerunner to the Australian Labor Party, in Balmain in April 1891. The union's finances suffered during the depression of the 1890s and in January 1898 the union's members unanimously voted for its dissolution.
Following the dissolution of the Balmain Labourers' Union its members were reorganised along industrial lines, with the broad coverage of unskilled and semi-skilled workers in the shipbuilding industry split mainly between the Federated Ironworkers' Association and the Federated Ship Painters and Dockers' Union of Port Jackson, the latter being formally established in 1900. The union conducted two successful strikes in the same year, establishing closed shop arrangements in the industry. The union soon expanded out of Balmain to represent painters and dockers working throughout Sydney Harbour, growing rapidly from 449 members in 1902 to 1,954 in 1907. The union achieved its first industrial award in 1903, a collective agreement with employers, registered by consent, before amalgamating with similar unions in other states to form the Federated Ship Painters and Dockers Union of Australia in 1909. The union achieved federal registration in 1916, giving it access to the federal system of arbitration and conciliation courts. 
Growth.
Working conditions and pay for ship painters and dockers in the early 20th century were poor, with 80 percent of the union's membership in 1939 earning less than the basic wage. Ninety percent of painters and dockers were employed as casuals, under the free selection of labour system. This meant workers had to wait outside shipyards and port workshops, where foremen would choose different men to work each day, depending on the requirements of the employer. The union made significant efforts to regulate this system of hiring, including passing limits on the minimum length of employment and the number of hours workers would wait each day, but with little success. 
Conditions changed dramatically during World War II, as increased demand in the shipbuilding industry led to a labour shortage. The membership of the union grew rapidly, increasing in Sydney from 880 in 1939 to 2792 in 1945. During 1945 the union began operating a roster for painters and dockers, dispatching workers to the various employers as needed. This development was resisted by employers, who launched a lockout of all painters and dockers in the Port of Newcastle, but agreement was reached in the Commonwealth Arbitration Court in 1946 allowing the practice to continue.
The roster was operated out of the branch office of the union in each port, which acted as a hiring hall. Members were allocated jobs each morning based on how long they had been waiting for work. Refusal to accept a job meant the member would lose their position in the allocation order. Employers retained the right to determine the number of workers required, and to reject any workers they thought unsuitable.
The dangerous and difficult nature of the work, as well as the small and close-knit nature of the workforce, encouraged strong union organisation amongst the painters and dockers and the FSPDU developed a reputation for militancy. For example, despite only representing 15 percent of the workforce in the shipbuilding and ship repair industry the FSPDU was involved in 40 percent of all industrial disputes between 1975 and 1978. The FSPDU was also notable for being the only union in Australia after 1976 to have more than 5 percent of its members in the shipbuilding and ship repair industry.
Decline.
The FSPDU faced a decline in membership during the late 20th century as mechanisation (including sandblasting and spray painting) and the decline of Australian commercial shipbuilding reduced the number of jobs available. By the late 1970s membership of the union had fallen to approximately 2000, although the union actively defended the work of its members through competition with other unions over coverage, being involved in a high proportion of all demarcation disputes in the shipbuilding industry. As work declined in the industry, employers began to seek the removal of the union roster system, provoking an eleven-week strike at the Garden Island dockyard in Sydney in 1976 and a sixteen-week dispute in Newcastle in 1978. Both disputes ended with the union retaining the right to operate the roster.
Alleged criminality and deregistration.
In the 1960s and 1970s the union was alleged to have criminal connections.
In 1980 the union was subject to the Costigan Commission (officially entitled the "Royal Commission on the activities of the Federated Ship Painters and Dockers Union"), enquiring into its involvement with organised crime and tax evasion. This Commission became famous because its investigations led to the airing of allegations of tax evasion and drug trafficking against Kerry Packer, then Australia's richest man.
The union was de-registered in 1993. Despite widespread allegations of criminality, the reason the union was de-registered was because it had less than 1,000 members. After the "Industrial Relations Act 1988" was passed by the Hawke Government unions with less than 1,000 members had to show why, in the public interest, their existence should continue. Whilst the Dockers opposed the de-registration on principle it could not advance an argument to continue its existence, taking the Act into account. Before de-registration members of the Dockers had been transferred to what are now the Maritime Union of Australia and the AMWU.
Several prominent former members were involved in the Melbourne gangland killings. Lewis Moran and Graham Kinniburgh were both former members and met on the Melbourne waterfront. Five persons who were members or associated with the Union were connected with the attempted robbery of Trans Australia Airlines Flight 454.

</doc>
<doc id="2926742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926742" title="Misty of Chincoteague">
Misty of Chincoteague

Misty of Chincoteague is a 1947 book by American author Marguerite Henry, inspired by a real Chincoteague Pony named Misty. Set on the coastal island of Chincoteague, Virginia, the book tells the story of the Beebe family and their efforts to raise a filly born to a wild horse. The book won the Newbery Honor. The 1961 film "Misty" was based on the book.
The real horse on which the book was based was actually foaled in domesticity in 1946 on Chincoteague at the Beebe Ranch, not in the wild on Assateague Island as was told in the book. However, as in the book she was sired by a stallion named Pied Piper, out of a dam called Phantom. Though these horses also were domesticated in real life, they too provided inspiration for the wild ponies portrayed in the novel. Misty was a pinto horse whose coloration included a large patch of white on her side, shaped like the United States. Her hoof prints are in the sidewalk outside the Roxy Movie Theatre in Chincoteague. After being purchased by Henry as a weanling and spending part of her life at Marguerite Henry's Wayne, Illinois home, she was moved back to Chincoteague and in 1972 she died. Her body and that of her foal Stormy have been preserved via taxidermy and can be seen at the Beebe Ranch. Misty had three foals, Phantom Wings in 1960, Wisp O' Mist in 1961, and Stormy in 1962. As of 2011, there are around 80 known surviving descendants of Misty.

</doc>
<doc id="2926750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926750" title="Ella Swings Lightly">
Ella Swings Lightly

Ella Swings Lightly is a 1958 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald, recorded with the Marty Paich Dek-tette. Ella also worked with Marty Paich on her 1967 album "Whisper Not". The album features a typical selection of jazz standards from this era, songs from recent musicals like Frank Loesser's "If I Were a Bell", and a famous jazz instrumental vocalised by Ella, Roy Eldridge's "Little Jazz".
This album won Ella the 1960 Grammy award for the Best Improvised Jazz Solo.
Track listing.
For the 1958 Verve 2 LP album, Verve MG V-4021
Side One:
Side Two:
Bonus Tracks; Issued on the Verve 1992 CD re-issue, Verve-PolyGram 314-5372582
Personnel.
Recorded on November 23-24, 1958 in Hollywood, Los Angeles:
Tracks 2-4, 6, 9-11
Radio Recorders, Hollywood, November 22, 1958 Marty Paich's Dek-Tette: Bud Shank (as) Bill Holman (ts) Med Flory (bari) Lou Levy (p) Joe Mondragon (b) Mel Lewis (d) Don Fagerquist, Al Porcino (tp) Bob Enevoldsen (vtb, ts) Vince DeRosa (frh)
Tracks 1, 5, 7, 8, 12-20
Radio Recorders, Hollywood, November 23, 1958 Marty Paich's Dek-Tette: Bud Shank (as) Bill Holman (ts) Med Flory (bari) Lou Levy (p) Joe Mondragon (b) Mel Lewis (d) Don Fagerquist, Al Porcino (tp) Bob Enevoldsen (vtb, ts) Vince DeRosa (frh)

</doc>
<doc id="2926756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926756" title="Ogilvie">
Ogilvie

Ogilvie is a surname with origins in the Barony of Ogilvy in Angus, Scotland. See Clan Ogilvy
Ogilvie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926758" title="List of places in Carmarthenshire (categorised)">
List of places in Carmarthenshire (categorised)

This is a categorised list of places in the County of Carmarthenshire, Wales.
Administrative divisions.
Electoral wards.
This is a list of electoral wards:
Communities.
This is a complete list of the 72 communities in Carmarthenshire.
Notable places.
Principal towns.
"See also List of places in Carmarthenshire for an alphabetical list of towns and villages."
Transport.
Railway stations.
"see :Category:Railway stations in Carmarthenshire"

</doc>
<doc id="2926767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926767" title="Danmarks grimmeste festival">
Danmarks grimmeste festival

Danmarks Grimmeste Festival () is a small music festival held each summer in Skjoldhøjkilen, Brabrand; a suburb of Aarhus, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="2926772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926772" title="Trionfi">
Trionfi

Trionfi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926775" title="The High-Lows">
The High-Lows

Members.
Kōmoto and Mashima used to be in The Blue Hearts, with Shirai occasionally supporting them. In August 2006, Kōmoto and Mashima created a new band, The Cro-Magnons.

</doc>
<doc id="2926776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926776" title="Francis Cockburn">
Francis Cockburn

Sir Francis Cockburn (; 10 November 1780 – 24 August 1868) served in the British Army, played an important role in the early settlement of eastern Canada and was a colonial administrator.
Cockburn was born in England in 1780. He was the fifth and last son of Sir James Cockburn, 8th Baronet (1729–1804) and his second wife Augusta Anne Ayscough. His maternal grandfather was Francis Ayscough, Dean of Bristol and royal tutor.
He joined the 7th Dragoon Guards at the age of 19 and served in South America and the Iberian Peninsula. He arrived in Canada in 1811 as a captain in the Canadian Fencibles and fought in the War of 1812. He served with the Quartermaster-General for Upper Canada at York and Kingston. In 1815, he became assistant quartermaster-general for Upper Canada and assisted in settling immigrants near Perth in the Bathurst District.
In 1818, he became deputy quartermaster-general for Upper and Lower Canada. He helped establish military settlements at Perth, Richmond, Lanark, the Bay of Quinte, Glengarry County and on the Saint-François River in Lower Canada. He also founded a village at Franktown, Ontario. In 1819, he accompanied the Duke of Richmond on the tour of Perth and Richmond which led to the Duke's death.
He returned to England in 1823. During his time there, he helped establish the price of lands for properties in Upper Canada and provided advice on the best locations for settlement in the region.
He served as superintendent of British Honduras from 1830 to 1837 and governor of the Bahamas from 1837 to 1844. He was knighted in 1841. He reached the rank of general in 1860. He died at Dover, England in 1868.
Cockburn Town, the largest settlement on San Salvador Island in the Bahamas, was named after him, as was Cockburn Island in Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="2926778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926778" title="State Shinto">
State Shinto

When they defined the concept of "religion", the Japanese distinguished shrines from the term Shinto, identified with the category called Sect Shinto today. At first, a ritual bureau called the Jingi-kan was established to propagate kokugaku-related information, but the Diet of Japan rejected calls to make this a "state religion", and it was soon disbanded. A number of rules were established to keep shrines from sectarian doctrines and religion in general. For example, preaching at shrines was forbidden, shrine officials were prohibited from conducting funerals, and the use of the torii gate was restricted to government-owned shrines.
In a 1911 article, the head of the Home Ministry declared that attendance at shrines was not a matter of religious faith but of respect for one's ancestors and the nation. In 1936, the Catholic Church's Propaganda Fide announced that visits to shrines had "only a purely civil value". According to the religious scholar Jason Ānanda Josephson, It is inaccurate to describe shrines as constituting a "state religion" or a "theocracy" during this period since they lacked organization or doctrine. Jolyon Baraka Thomas writes that the Empire of Japan's constitutional system "should be considered a secular system rather than a system of state religion." However, American missionaries and Protestant groups they influenced continued to object to this classification.
After the surrender of Japan American forces re-analyzed the data and determined that Japan had constructed a "state religion". In December 1945, the elements of this State Shinto were announced and privatized. On 1 January 1946, Emperor Shōwa issued a statement, sometimes referred to as the Humanity Declaration, in which he quoted the Five Charter Oath of Emperor Meiji and announced that he was not a "kami" and Japan was not built on myths. As a result of the privatization of shrines, Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo, a monument to war dead, has become a "religious corporation".
Government offices.
The following table shows the evolution of the Japanese government institutions related to shrines and religion from the Meiji Restoration to the present. From this table, it can be seen that shrines and religions were controlled by the same department from 1872 to 1900, but by separate departments before and after.

</doc>
<doc id="2926782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926782" title="Egg drop soup">
Egg drop soup

Egg drop soup (traditional: 蛋花湯; pinyin: dàn huā tāng; literally "egg flower soup") is a Chinese soup of wispy beaten eggs in boiled chicken broth. Condiments such as black pepper or white pepper, and finely chopped scallions and tofu are also commonly added. The soup is finished by adding a thin stream of beaten eggs to the boiling broth in the final moments of cooking, creating thin, silken strands or flakes of cooked egg that float in the soup. Egg drop soup using different recipes is also known as a simple-to-prepare soup in different European countries and Japan.
American Chinese cuisine.
In the United States, egg drop soup is often one of the main soups offered in American Chinese cuisine, and is also called "egg flower soup". Cornstarch may be used to thicken it.
Chinese cuisine.
In Chinese cuisine, egg drop soups have a thinner consistency than their Western counterpart. Depending on the region, they may be garnished with ingredients such as tofu, scallion, bean sprouts and corn.
Japanese cuisine.
In Japan, egg is often dropped scrambled as the topping for "tsukimi" () udon or soba. The moon-like appearance of the whole yolk is responsible for the name, which means "moon viewing".
European cuisine.
In Italy, "stracciatella", a version made of egg and parmesan cheese, is a popular variant of egg drop soup.
Similarly in France "le tourin", a garlic soup, is made with egg whites which are drizzled into the soup in much the same way as egg drop soup is made.
Also in Spain, the similar and traditional "sopa de ajo" (literally "garlic soup") uses egg whites to thicken the broth in a similar fashion.
In Austria, egg drop soup (Eierflockensuppe or Eierflöckchensuppe) is a simple, traditional recipe generally made for very young children or sick people. Scrambled eggs are mixed with flour and then poured into boiling soup in order to make small egg dumplings. Spices can be added to the egg-flour mixture according to taste.
In Russia, semolina is usually boiled in the chicken stock before the eggs are whisked in for the more substantial fare, and flavored with chopped scallion and black pepper. A simple egg dough dumplings similar to lazy vareniki or the Ukrainian halushky are a frequent addition in the southern regions.

</doc>
<doc id="2926795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926795" title="MVFC">
MVFC

MVFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926796" title="Red-footed tortoise">
Red-footed tortoise

Red-footed tortoises ("Chelonoidis carbonaria") are tortoises from northern South America. They are medium-sized tortoises that generally average as adults, but can reach over . They have a dark-colored loaf-shaped carapace (back shell) with a lighter patch in the middle of each scute (scales on the shell), and dark limbs with brightly colored scales that range from pale yellow to dark red. There are recognized differences between red-footed tortoises from different regions. They are closely related to the yellow-footed tortoise ("C. denticulata") from the Amazon Basin. They are popularly kept as pets, and over-collection has caused them to be vulnerable to extinction.
Their natural habitat ranges from savannah to forest-edges around the Amazon Basin. They are omnivorous with a diet based on a wide assortment of plants- mostly fruit when available, but also including grasses, flowers, fungi, carrion, and invertebrates. They do not brumate but may aestivate in hot, dry weather.
Eggs, hatchling, and young tortoises are food for many predators but the main threats for adults are jaguars and humans. Population density ranges from locally common to very scarce due in part to habitat destruction and over-collection for food and the pet trade.
Taxonomy.
Red-footed tortoises have many common names: red-leg, red-legged, or red-foot tortoise (often without the hyphen) and the savanna tortoise, as well as local names, such as "carumbe" or "karumbe", which means 'slow moving' (Brazil, Paraguay), "wayapopi" or "morrocoy" (Venezuela, Colombia), and variations of "jabuti" such as "japuta" and "jabuti-piranga" (Brazil, Argentina).
All turtles and tortoises were originally assigned to the genus "Testudo" (named by Carl Linnaeus in 1758) for a short time, but it soon became the term for turtles with high-domed shells, elephantine legs, and completely terrestrial habits—the tortoises. In 1835, Leopold Fitzinger used "Geochelone" to differentiate some non-Mediterranean tortoises, apparently based on size and lack of specific identifying characteristics such as the hinged shell in the African hingeback tortoises. He used the term "Chelonoidis" as a subgenera for the species from South America. Few people used these terms until they were resurrected by Hewitt in 1933 and Loveridge and Williams in 1957.
In 1982, Roger Bour and Charles Crumly each separated "Geochelone" into different genera based on anatomic differences, especially in the skulls. That resulted in the formation or restoration of several generas: "Aldabrachelys", "Astrochelys", "Cylindraspis", "Indotestudo", "Manouria", and "Chelonoidis". "Chelonoidis" was distinguished from other "Geochelone" by their South American location, as well as the absence of the nuchal scute (the marginal centered over the neck) and the presence of a large, undivided supracaudal (the scute or scutes directly over the tail) as well as differences in the skull. Many of these genera names are still debated; for example, there is no specific definition of "Geochelone", and "Chelonoidis" is primarily used for geography rather than unique anatomic characteristics.
The species name "carbonaria" means 'coal-like' referring to a dark coal with glowing patches. It was originally identified by Johann Baptist von Spix in 1824. The holotype was kept in the Zoologischen Sammlung des Bayerischen Staates in Munich, Germany, but was lost. Paulo Vanzolini believes it may have come from near the city of Manaus, Brazil, on the Rio Negro. There are currently no subspecies of red-footed tortoise, although many believe the species has five or more variants that may be subspecies or even separate species.
Description.
Red-footed tortoises show gender, regional and individual variations in color, shell shape, and minor anatomic characteristics. Adult red-footed tortoise carapaces are generally an elongated oval with sides that are nearly parallel, although the sides of males may curve inwards. They are fairly highly domed and smooth with a rather flat back (although the scutes may be raised or 'pyramided' in some individuals, especially captive specimens). There is often a high point over the hips and a small sloped section over the neck. The vertebral and costal scutes (the scutes along the center and sides of the carapace) are black or dark brown with a pale yellow areole in the center. The marginals (scutes along the edge of the carapace) 'tuck under' along the sides and flare slightly over the limbs. They are dark with the pale aureole along the middle of the lower edge. The nuchal scute (the marginal over the neck) is absent, and the marginals over the tail are joined as one large supracaudal. Growth rings are clearly evident in most individuals but become worn smooth with age.
The limbs are generally cylindrical with four claws on the forelimbs and five on the hind, but no visible toes. The forelimbs are slightly flattened and the front surface is covered with large scales, mostly with the same color as the head. They are not as large or protrusive as they are in more primitive species such as the African spurred tortoise ("Geochelone sulcata"). The tail is muscular, varies in length and overall shape by gender, and lacks any sort of claw on the tip.
Average adult sizes vary by region and gender, and 'giants' are often encountered. Red-footed tortoises average with males slightly larger overall. Red-foots of up to are fairly common and over are occasionally discovered. The largest known specimen was from Paraguay, was long, and weighed over ! It is unknown if the 'giants' represent diet availability, genetic issues, longevity, or other possibilities.
Hatchling and young red-footed tortoises have much rounder and flatter carapaces that start off as mostly pale yellow to brown. New growth adds dark rings around the pale center to each scute. The marginals of very young red-footed tortoise are serrated, especially over the hind limbs. This probably aids in both camouflage against the leaf litter and in making the small animals harder to eat. Young tortoises are generally more colorful overall.
Sexual dimorphism.
The anal scutes vary to allow the male's tail more mobility and allows more protection for the female's hind end. The gap between the points of the anal scales and the marginals is wider and the anal scutes form a broader angle- almost a straight line across- in males to allow the tail to move laterally, The angle is more closed (to about a 90o angle) and the points are closer to the marginals in females.
Distribution and habitat.
Red-footed tortoises range from southeastern Panama to Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, and Guiana in the north; down the Andes to the west in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia; east to Brazil, and along the southern range in Bolivia, Paraguay, and possibly northern Argentina. They are not evenly distributed within their range. For example, they are not often found in central Brazil or in heavily forested areas in general, and have only documented in Peru since 1985. Accurate range information is complicated by the sheer size of the range, political and geographic barriers, and confusion about where many specimens were collected.
They are also found on several Caribbean Islands, although it is not always clear if they are native or brought by humans. Many of the colonies seem to have been established in the 17th century as food supplies or as pets. They are found on the Netherlands Antilles, Trinidad, Tobago, Grenada, Barbados, St. Vincent, the Grenadines, Santa Lucia, Martinique, Dominica, Guadalupe, the Leeward Islands, the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico.
The preferred habitat of the red-footed tortoise varies somewhat by region but generally includes fairly consistent seasonal temperatures near that rarely get lower than or over , generally with high humidity and plenty of rainfall although some of the areas can get quite dry. Most of the range experiences cooler wet seasons (April to August) and warmer dry seasons (September to March), but some parts of the southern range have occasional cold snaps. Red-footed tortoises are often found in or near transitional areas between forest and savannah, such as forest clearings, wood edges, or along waterways.
Regional variations.
Various authors have divided the red-footed tortoise into different groups by anatomy and geography. Peter Pritchard recognized seven types, but DNA research by Mario Vargas-Rameriz "et al". have identified five genotypes.
The most obvious differences are between the groups found north or south of the Amazon basin. The 'northern' variants all look very much like the holotype and are distinguished primarily by shell, head, and limb coloration. The variants south of the Amazon are both generally both larger and smaller than the holotype, have a very different plastral pattern, and have an enlarged scale or 'spur' on the inside of the forelimb elbow.
Population features.
Little information is available about population density or gender ratios. Many specimens are recorded from near research stations and cities, but that is almost certainly more due to the ease of finding them there than higher localized populations. They are considered one of the most common turtle species in many localities. When a dam was being built in the Edo region of Venezuela, several hundreds of the red- and yellow-footed tortoises were captured for relocation. Large numbers are also found in markets, confiscated at airports, etc. On the other hand, there are very few records from Peru, Ecuador, Argentina and central Brazil. In the Guiana Shield region, there are islands of higher populations and stretches where few have been located.
Debra K. Moskovits' noted the difficulties of counting tortoises that are often well-hidden, dug in, deep in burrows, etc. during her studies on the island of Maracas in Venezuela. She found that trained dogs discovered many that she would have not found on her own. Her studies showed a nearly balanced mix of 1.32 males per female, and 1.05 red-footed tortoise per hectare (2.4 acres) on the island, which she felt may be an underestimate due to the difficulty in finding the tortoises.
Evolutionary history and fossil record.
The "Chelonoidis" genus has two main sub-categories based on appearance and habitat- the "carbonaria" and the "chilensis" groups. The "carbonaria" group has the closely related red- and yellow-footed tortoises that clearly share a common ancestor. The "chilensis" group features the Argentine tortoise ("C. chilensis"), Chaco tortoise ("C. petersi"), and Galápagos tortoise ("C. niger") which share similar habitats and a basic appearance but otherwise do not seem to be closely related. The relationship between the groups is unclear.
There are several theories to explain the relatively small number of tortoise species in South America and the relationship between them, but the fossil record is not very complete. One long-held theory is that they came from Asia using the land bridge, then spread down through North America and shared ancestors with the gopher tortoises ("Gopherus" species). Another holds "Geochelone" ancestors floated over from central Africa, taking advantage of their ability to float, resist salt water, and go without food for extended periods.
DNA studies suggest that the "carbonaria" group may be related to the African hingeback tortoises ("Kinixys" species). This suggests that they might have come from Gondwana before it separated into Africa and South America some 130 million years ago. One ancestral form from about 5mya, "Chelonoidis hesterna" (Auffenberg 1971), is thought to have lived in wet forests and split into two species in the Miocene with the yellow-footed tortoioses remaining in the deep forest and the red-footeds colonizing the edges of the forests and the emerging savannahs. As the climate and topography changed, groups of red-footed tortoises became physically separated and genetically isolated.
Ecology and behavior.
The red-footed tortoise's climate in the northern part of the range changes little day to day and rarely gets too hot for them, so the tortoises do not need to practice any form of dormancy and can often forage all day long. The tortoises in Moskovitz's study area were most active after 3:00pm while many species from warmer climes would be most active in the morning and evening. Tortoises from the southern parts of the range experience much hotter, colder, and drier conditions than most of the range and aestivate when food becomes scarce. They may eaestivate or brumate when the temperatures are low enough. 
Most species of tortoise spend much of their day inactive, and red-footed tortoises generally spend over 50% of the daylight hours at rest. They may rest for even longer after a large meal, with five to ten day stretches being common. One large specimen seems to have stayed in the same position for over a month. Resting tortoises barely move, allowing leaf litter to accumulate on them, and termites have built tunnels on the carapaces of resting red-footed tortoises.
Shelters are often communal with as many tortoises as can fit in the space. Good shelters are so important, and visibility is so poor that the tortoises will leave scent trails that they or others can follow. Some shelters are so heavily used by tortoises that there are clear trails in the dirt leading to them, even though individual tortoises may not return to a given shelter regularly.
Besides communal shelters and scent marking, red-footed tortoises also show other signs of semi-social behavior such as lack of aggression at feeding sites, not protecting territory, and group feeding at fruit falls and carrion (although it is not unusual for one tortoise to block access or even try to make off with some of the food). Red-footed tortoises often follow each other, usually a smaller one following a larger and quite often males following males but all combinations are seen. Red-footed tortoises have also been observed following apparent scent trails laid by an individual a day or two earlier.
Predators.
Hatchling and young tortoises are at high risk of predation. Tegu lizards ("Tupinambis" species), ring-tailed coatis ("Nasua nasua"), and introduced rats and mongooses attack nests and eggs. Many predators take the young tortoises, including large lizards, snakes, crocodilians, and even large turtles; predatory birds such as the curassow ("Crax" species), guan ("Penelope" species), rails, cuckoos, and falcons; and mammals like cats ("Felidae" species), opossums, foxes, peccaries, and feral dogs.
Other than humans, the main predator of the adult tortoises are jaguars ("Panthera onca"). Red-footed and yellow-footed tortoises seem to be a significant food source for jaguars in some parts of their respective ranges, such as Manú National Park in Peru. Jaguars will bite at the carapace and work at cracking or prying it apart to extract the soft tissues. Many tortoises show toothmarks from attacks that they survived, often on the hind end when they were otherwise protected in a burrow or shelter.
Diet.
Discussing the diet of the red-footed tortoise is difficult due to the wide variety of food it eats, the variety and seasonal availability of plants available across the extensive range, interpreting what field reports are trying to describe, and because studying fecal pellets gives very different results than what the animals are observed eating.
Forest-dwelling tortoises in the "Chelonoidis", "Indotestudo", "Manouria", and "Kinixys" genera are omnivores with upper and lower intestines of about the same length, while herbivorous genera such as "Gopherus" and "Testudo". have longer large intestines to digest fiberous grasses. Most omnivorous tortoises have no other specialized digestive structures, reflecting their generalized, flexible diet.
The rest of the diet includes grasses, leaves, flowers, roots, and shoots from a wide assortment of plants as well as fungi, live invertebrates (such as ants, termites, beetles, butterflies, snails, and worms), carrion, and feces (especially from foxes). Tortoises are often found at carcasses feeding until gorged, and occasionally eat small live animals such as snakes and rodents. Pebbles and sand are also often found in fecal pellets.
The diet changes based on season and availability. In the wet season it may be roughly 70% fruit, 25% fresh leaves and shoots, and the rest being fungi and animal food. The dry season sees 40% fruits, 23% flowers, 16% fresh leaves and shoots, and the rest fungi, moss, and animal food.
Omnivorous tortoises will seek out foods high in calcium even if other foods are more readily available, and will even eat mineral-rich soil if they cannot get adequate calcium in the diet.
Movement.
Red-foot tortoises will forage over areas ranging from usually making a 'spiderweb' pattern centered around a good hide or a recent fruit fall. They generally move methodically at around 5 to 20 metres/hour (5.5-22 yards/hour), but can raise up on their long legs and move at up to 100 metres/hour (109 yards/hour) when they want. While they generally forage in zig-zag or looping patterns, they sometimes move or more in fairly straight lines, often at a rapid pace. They show a marked preference for moving under medium to dense vegetation cover.
Life cycle.
All turtles and tortoises start as eggs. Red-footed tortoise eggs are roughly spherical and average around and weigh with two to seven eggs in a clutch, although the same female may lay multiple clutches near each other. The incubation period is 105–202 days with 150 being typical.
Hatchlings use an egg-tooth to open the egg. They will stay in the egg or nest for several days. Hatchling shells are bent almost in half in the egg and will take some time to straighten out. The hatchling's carapace will be flat, somewhat creased from being folded in the egg, and have serrationed sides. Little is known of the daily activities or diet of hatchling wild tortoises. Sub-adult tortoises grow quickly to reach breeding sizes- roughly , depending on the average adult size of the regional variant.
The female will begin nesting five to six weeks after mating. Digging the nests is often difficult in hard soil. The female may urinate to soften the soil before using her hind legs to dig a chamber about in about three and a half hours. Inexperienced females often dig several partial nests, and even experienced females may abandon a nest they are working on and start another. When he nest is ready, she will lower her tail as deep into the nest as she can and deposit an egg every 30 to 120 seconds. She will recover the nest and tamp the soil down. Females get better at digging, covering, and camouflaging nests over time. After it is covered and hidden, she will often get a long drink of water then find a shelter and rest. Very rarely a red-footed tortoise will lay eggs on the surface, or within a patch of cacti.
As with other tortoises, red-footed tortoises can reproduce most of their lives, although the number of eggs laid and the ratio of successful hatchlings improves as the tortoise matures, then drops off again as the tortoise ages. Because of the difficulty in determining the age of a wild tortoise, there is little data on longevity, although many live for thirty years or more in captivity.
Conservation and relations with humans.
The red-foot tortoise is considered vulnerable and is listed in CITES Appendix II, restricting international trade- although this does not offer protection within a country and smuggling still occurs in large numbers. Conservation parks and refuges, captive breeding farms in natural conditions, and increased captive breeding in other countries has helped, but they are still exported in large numbers- 35,565 from 2000–2005, mostly as pets and food. The "recorded" exports do not include smuggling or other losses, which some estimate to be well over twice that number. They are considered especially at risk in places like Argentina and Colombia, and are considered more at risk than yellow-footed and Chaco tortoises.
They are widely used as food throughout their ranges, especially where other meats are limited. Their ability to go a long time without eating makes it easy to catch and keep them fresh for extended periods. The Catholic Church allows tortoises to be eaten on fasting days when most meats are forbidden such as Lent. 'Tortoise pie' ("pastel de morrocoy", served in a tortoise shell) is a favorite food for those times, and large numbers of tortoises are exported just for that purpose. Even people living in countries with an abundance of available livestock enjoy wild game, such as tortoises, when possible. Hunting for food is so extensive that Colombia and some other countries import tortoises from neighbors.
Habitat destruction is another significant threat to the red-footed tortoise, and so many other species. They are also widely collected as local pets and their shells are sold as souvenirs.
Captive care.
Red-footed tortoises are popular pet tortoises around the world. They are relatively inexpensive, are a manageable size, have interesting personalities, and are colorful. Pet tortoises should be purchased as 'captive bred' from a reliable breeder when possible to both help protect wild populations and to avoid internal parasites.
Any reptile can carry Salmonella, so keepers should practice proper hygiene, such as washing their hands after handling the animals or their wastes. Dogs, even well-behaved dogs, often attack or chew on tortoises so great care must be taken if they are around.
Housing.
All tortoises should be housed outdoors when conditions allow. Outdoor pens should allow space for exercise, secure walls that are at least 1.5 times taller than the tortoise is long, and security from both predators and escape. Shelter and water should always be provided.
Indoor housing is generally scaled to the size of the tortoise and needs to be secure and waterproof for this high humidity species, as well as offering adequate space. Aquariums and plastic tubs are often used for younger tortoises, while a 'tortoise table' (similar to shelf-less bookcase lying on its back), indoor mini-greenhouse, or large indoor pen can be used for larger tortoises or groups of tortoises.
An indoor habitat should be lined with a substrate such as hardwood mulches (like cypress ), coconut coir, soil and sand mixes, or some combination. A hide and water dish are necessary, and live or silk plants also help.
Environment.
Heat, light, and humidity must be kept within proper guidelines for healthy tortoises. Red-foot tortoises are most active at temperatures from . A warmer area of is recommended, and night temperatures can drop a few degrees lower. High levels of humidity should be available in some part of the habitat.
Lighting should be low and diffuse or plenty of shade should be offered. Lights that emit UVB wavelengths are recommended to help the tortoise metabolize calcium correctly and help regulate the pineal gland if the tortoise will be indoors for extended periods.
Captive diet.
Pet tortoises should be allowed to forage in a well-planted outdoor pen whenever possible. The basic diet should consist of a variety of plants, vegetables and fruits with occasional meat; and be high in calcium and fiber, and low in sugars and fats. Fruits should be kept as whole as possible. Commercial tortoise pellets can be offered along with fresh foods.
The bulk of the diet should be leafy greens such as turnip or collard greens, dandelion, leafy or curly lettuces, endive, kale, cabbage, edible tree or plant leaves such as mulberry or hibiscus, lettuce mixes, parsley, grape leaves, etc.
Vegetables and fruits offer variety and other nutrients, but are a smaller part of the captive diet. Good choices would include: cactus pads and fruits, papaya, figs, mango, mushrooms, pumpkin, squash, melon, pineapple, strawberry, cucumber, hays and grasses (such as wheatgrass), corn, peas and beans, carrot, apple, pear, plums, and okra.
Meats form a very small part of the captive diet, and can include live bugs or invertebrates (especially slugs), baby mice or rats, chicken, egg, organ meat, lean beef, tuna or other 'oily' fish, or cat or dog food.
Calcium should be supplemented frequently in very small amounts. Other vitamins can be offered in very small amounts as well, but are best provided through a balanced, varied diet.

</doc>
<doc id="2926799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926799" title="Hydra Head Records">
Hydra Head Records

Hydra Head Records is an independent record label which specializes in heavy metal music, founded in New Mexico by Aaron Turner (the frontman of Isis) in 1993. It has two imprints; Hydra Head Noise Industries, which specialises in experimental and noise music, and another entitled Tortuga Records.
Hydra Head was founded in 1993 as a distribution company while Turner was still in high school. In 1995, he moved to Boston to attend art school. In late 1995, he was handed a demo by local band Vent. That seven inch would be the first record released on Hydra Head. The label grew to accommodate local bands such as Roswell, Corrin, Piebald and Converge, and after Turner graduated from college in 1999, it became a full-time endeavour. Hydra Head recently relocated to Los Angeles, California from their former home in Boston, Massachusetts.
Some of the bands signed to the label include Cave In, Xasthur, Kayo Dot, Boris, and Jesu. Its discography includes Botch, Khanate, and Harkonen, who were all signed to Hydra Head prior to their respective disbandings.
On September 11, 2012, Turner announced the "imminent demise of Hydra Head Records", stating that they will take their first steps into shutdown "this December, at which point we are cutting off new releases from the label." They will continue to stay operational, maintaining their back catalogue to pay off their "rather sizeable debts."

</doc>
<doc id="2926808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926808" title="Edward Oxford">
Edward Oxford

Edward Oxford (19 April 1822 – 23 April 1900) was the first of eight people who tried to assassinate Queen Victoria.
Early life.
Edward was born in Birmingham in 1822, the third of Hannah Marklew and George Oxford's seven children. His father, a gold chaser, died when he was seven. His mother was able to find work and support the family, which meant Edward was able to attend school both in Birmingham and the Lambeth area of London, where the family moved when he was about 10. When Oxford left school, he first took bar work with his aunt in Hounslow, then in other public houses as a pot boy, or waiter. At the time of the attack he was barely eighteen years old, unemployed, and living with his mother and sister in lodgings in Camberwell, having recently quit his job at the Hog-in-the-Pound in Oxford Street. Since his mother had returned to Birmingham on a regular trip to see family over a month before, Oxford was, in effect, living alone at the time of the event.
The assassination attempt.
On 4 May 1840, he bought a pair of pistols for £2, as well as a gunpowder flask, and began practising in various shooting galleries in Leicester Square, the Strand, and the West End. A week before the attack, he went into a Lambeth shop owned by a former schoolmate named Gray and bought fifty copper percussion caps, and inquired where he could buy some bullets and three-penny's worth of gunpowder. Gray sold him the powder, and told him where he could find the ammunition. On the evening of 9 June he displayed what appeared to be a loaded pistol to several witnesses; when he was asked what he planned to do with it, he refused to say, other than stating that he had been firing at a target.
At about 4 p.m. on 10 June 1840, Oxford took up a position on a footpath at Constitution Hill, near Buckingham Palace. The Queen, who was four months pregnant with her first child (Victoria, Princess Royal) was accustomed to riding out in a phaeton, or low, open horse-drawn carriage, with her husband, Prince Albert in the late afternoon or early evening, with no other escort than two outriders. When the royal couple appeared some two hours later and drew level with him, he fired both pistols in succession, missing both times. He was immediately seized by onlookers and disarmed. Oxford made no attempt to hide his actions, openly declaring: "It was I, it was me that did it."
He was immediately arrested and charged with treason for attempting to assassinate the sovereign. When he was taken into custody at the police station he asked if the Queen was hurt; he was informed she was unharmed. When he was asked if the pistols had been loaded, he said they were. After his arrest, his lodgings were searched and a locked box was found containing a sword and scabbard, two pistol-bags, powder, a bullet-mould, five lead balls, some of the percussion caps bought from Gray, and the intricate rules and proceedings of an imaginary military society called "Young England" (not to be confused with the later conservative political group of the same name), complete with a list of made-up officers and correspondence. Members were to be armed with a brace of pistols, a sword, a rifle and a dagger.
Oxford's trial at the Old Bailey was postponed until 9 July, after a thorough investigation was made of both his background and his possible motives. In spite of his earlier admissions, no bullets could be found at the scene, so that the Crown could not prove that the pistols were, in fact, armed and that he could have harmed anyone. Oxford later claimed that the guns contained only gunpowder.
Oxford appeared to be oblivious for most of the proceedings. The prosecution presented much eyewitness evidence, while the defence case consisted of various family members and friends who testified that Oxford had always seemed of unsound mind, and that both his grandfather and father were alcoholics who had exhibited signs of mental illness. This carried a great deal of weight, as it was thought during this time that both drink and hereditary influence were strong causal factors for insanity. Oxford's mother testified her late husband had been violent and intimidating, and that her son was not only prone to fits of hysterical laughter and emitting strange noises, he had been obsessed with firearms since he was a child. Various eminent pathologists and physicians testified that due to "brain disease" or other factors, such as the shape of his head, Oxford was either a mental imbecile or simply incapable of controlling himself.
Committment.
The following day, the jury acquitted Oxford, declaring him to be "not guilty by reason of insanity". Like all such prisoners, he was sentenced to be detained "until Her Majesty’s pleasure be known". In effect, this was an indefinite sentence, and the source of the asylum term "pleasure men". Oxford was sent to the State Criminal Lunatic Asylum in Bethlem, Southwark, where he remained as a model patient for the next twenty-four years. During that time he occupied himself by drawing, reading, and learning to play the violin; the Bethlem doctors reported that he could play draughts and chess better than any other patient, He also learnt French, German and Italian to a degree of fluency, acquired some knowledge of Spanish, Greek and Latin, and was employed as a painter and decorator within the confines of the hospital. When he was transferred to Broadmoor Hospital in 1864, the notes taken on his arrival describe him as "apparently sane". He still claimed the pistols he fired at the Queen were not loaded with anything other than powder, and that his attack was fueled not by a desire to injure her, but purely by a desire for notoriety.
Oxford continued to be orderly and well-behaved at Broadmoor, working as a wood grainer and painter. While it was clear to the hospital's governors that Oxford was of sound mind and no longer a threat to society, George Grey, the current Home Secretary ignored the request to order his release. It is possible that since he had been the Judge Advocate General at the time of Oxford's trial, he could have been reluctant to discharge a prisoner he had once had such a vested interest in incarcerating. It was not until three years later that a new Home Secretary offered to discharge Oxford, on the condition that he leave for one of the Empire's overseas colonies, and if he returned to the United Kingdom he would be incarcerated for life.
Later life.
Oxford lived out the rest of his life in Melbourne, Australia. His patient record at Broadmoor includes a letter sent in 1883 by George Haydon, a Steward at Bethlem, to Dr. David Nicolson. It includes an article from "The Age", a Melbourne newspaper, which reports that on 4 May 1880, a "John" Oxford, identified as the man who shot at the Queen many years ago, and who had subsequently been a patient in an asylum before he was discharged to Australia, had recently been convicted of stealing a shirt and spent a week in jail. Upon his release, the prison governor requested the police to keep an eye on him, "in consequence of the old man’s eccentric conduct". The police subsequently arrested Oxford for vagrancy, and he was reportedly remanded for further medical examination. There were no further updates to the record. It is not certain that this person was Edward Oxford.
Oxford landed in Melbourne with a new alias, John Freeman. Setting out to reform himself and become a respectable citizen, Freeman became a house painter and joined the West Melbourne Mutual Improvement Society. In 1881 he married a widow with two children, become a church warden at St James, and wrote newspaper articles about the city's slums, markets and racetracks, under the pseudonym "Liber" for "The Argus", which became the basis for an 1888 book, "Lights and Shadows of Melbourne Life." Freeman died in 1900.
The connection was established by FB Smith's 1987 article "Lights and Shadows in the Life of John Freeman". Freeman wrote several letters to Haydon, beginning in 1888 and apparently ceasing on Haydon's death in 1889. Freeman's wife and stepchildren appear to have been totally ignorant that he might be anyone other than John Freeman. Freeman's correspondence to Haydon was donated to the National Library in the 1950s by the family. Stevens points out that the former Steward contributed nothing more to Oxford's Broadmoor record about his progress beyond the troubling report published in the newspaper, and never confirmed that Oxford was the author of Freeman's book. This may have been because Haydon was departing Bethlem at the time he began receiving the letters.
Aftermath.
Despite the historical precedent of the insanity defense, Queen Victoria represented popular opinion when she remained morally convinced that Oxford and other malefactors who came after him were perfectly cognizant of their actions. She was furious when Daniel M'Naghten, who attempted to assassinate Prime Minister Sir Robert Peel and instead killed his private secretary, was acquitted in 1843. When Roderick McLean attempted to shoot her on the Windsor Railway Platform forty years later and was sent to Broadmoor, her response was to demand of Prime Minister Gladstone that the law be changed to "guilty but insane", to better accommodate her unwavering belief that if Oxford had only been hanged at the outset, his death would have acted as a deterrent to other potential regicides:
In fiction.
A contemporary reference to Oxford appears in Charles Dickens' "The Old Curiosity Shop", the novel that Dickens was writing during the months before and after the attempted regicide. Although Dickens took a strong interest in the case, Oxford appears not in Dickens’s text, which was serialized in his weekly publication, "Master Humphrey's Clock", but in one of the novel's accompanying illustrations, rendered by Hablot K. Browne, popularly known as "Phiz".
In an illustration for Chapter 28, Mrs. Jarley, the proprietress of a waxworks, is shown training the heroine, Little Nell, to be a guide. Although the novel is set some fifteen years before 1840, Browne was no doubt inspired by Madame Tussauds' London waxworks, where the exhibit of Edward Oxford was a star attraction for that year, to create a contemporary reference. His caricature of the would-be assassin as a wide-eyed, imbecilically grinning youth, clutching a flintlock pistol in his right hand and a pot of beer in his left, with a sheet of paper labelled “Young England” spilling out of his pocket, was easily identifiable by anyone at the time. In the direct line of fire behind him sits a calmly serene Queen Victoria, dressed in her 1838 coronation robes and holding the orb and sceptre. While Oxford’s pistol may be pointing in her direction, "Phiz" reassuringly depicts the sovereign as literally far above her attacker, serenely and majestically removed from the lunatic's threat.
Oxford is a major character in Mark Hodder's 2010 novel, "The Strange Affair of Spring-Heeled Jack".
In Film.
In 2009 an inaccurate version of the assassination attempt was portrayed in "The Young Victoria". While Oxford (played by Josef Altin) is shown firing twice on the royal couple, Prince Albert (Rupert Friend) throws himself in front of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and is wounded by Oxford's second bullet. A scene in which the police search his lodgings and find newspaper illustrations of the royal pair papering the glass skylight was not included the theatrical release.
References.
Charles, Barrie, "Kill the Queen! The Eight Assassination Attempts on Queen Victoria", Amberley Publishing, 2012, ISBN 978-1-4456-0457-2.
Murphy, Paul, "Shooting Victoria", Pegasus Books, 2012, ISBN 1605983543, ISBN 978-1605983547.
Smith, F.B, "Lights and Shadows in the Life of John Freeman" Victorian Studies
Vol. 30, No. 4 (Summer, 1987), pp. 459–473
Stevens, Mark, "Broadmoor Revealed: Some patient stories", Berkshire Record Office, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2926817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926817" title="Memnon of Heraclea">
Memnon of Heraclea

Memnon of Heraclea (, "gen".: Μέμνονος) (fl. c. 1st century) was a Greek historical writer, probably a native of Heraclea Pontica. He described the history of that city in a large work, known only through the Excerpta of Photius (I of Constantinople), and describing especially the various tyrants who had at times ruled Heraclea.
Memnon's history encompassed an unknown number of books, but Photius had read the ninth through the sixteenth, and made a tolerably copious abstract of that portion. The first eight books he had not read, and he speaks of other books after the sixteenth. The ninth book begins with an account of the tyrant Clearchus, the disciple of Plato and Isocrates. The thirteenth book contains a long account of the rise of Rome. The last event mentioned in the sixteenth book was the death of Brithagoras, who was sent by the Heracleians as ambassador to Julius Caesar, after the latter had obtained the supreme power (48 BC). 
From this Vossius supposes that the work was written about the time of Caesar Augustus at the beginning of the 1st century AD; in the judgment of Orelli, not later than the time of Hadrian or the Antonines, in the middle of the 2nd century; the "Oxford Classical Dictionary" thinks the 2nd century AD likely. It is, of course, impossible to fix the date with any precision, as we do not know at all down to what time the entire work was carried. The style of Memnon, according to Photius, was clear and simple, and the words well chosen. The Excerpta of Photius, however, contain numerous examples of rare and poetical expressions, as well as a few which indicate the decline of the Greek language. These Excerpta of Photius were first published separately, together with the remains of Ctesias and Agatharchides by Henry Estienne, Paris, 1557. The best edition is that by Johann Conrad Orelli, Leipzig, 1816, containing, together with the remains of Memnon, a few fragments of other writers on Heraclea.
Memnon's history is valuable as a continuous account of nearly all the Hellenistic period, albeit a compressed one from a local vantage point. It is also valuable as the only reasonably complete example of the Greek historical genre of local history.

</doc>
<doc id="2926818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926818" title="Instituto Industrial e Comercial de Lisboa">
Instituto Industrial e Comercial de Lisboa

Instituto Industrial e Comercial de Lisboa (Portuguese for: Industrial and Commercial Institute of Lisbon) was a former Portuguese school of vocational education founded in 1852 as Instituto Industrial de Lisboa (Industrial Institute of Lisbon), by Minister Fontes Pereira de Melo decree of 30 December. Its aim was the creation of a technical school of vocational education, whose purpose was to facilitate the ongoing industrialization process set up by Pereira de Melo. The education of a large number of skilled industrial technicians in several areas, was one among many innovative reforms Pereira de Melo idealized as Minister. This qualified workers were suited to deal with the new needs in industry.
The "Instituto Industrial e Comercial de Lisboa".
In 1869 the "Instituto Industrial de Lisboa" was renamed to "Instituto Industrial e Comercial de Lisboa" adding commerce studies to the school. Converted to an higher education school of engineering (since 1896) and commerce (since 1884) opened until 1910, which led to the creation of "IST - Instituto Superior Técnico" and "Instituto Superior de Comércio" in 1911, the "Instituto Industrial e Comercial de Lisboa" was extinguished with the end of Portuguese monarchy.
1911: Extinction. Birth of IST and ISEG university institutes.
In 1911 it was split into two institutions of higher education: the "Instituto Superior Técnico" (engineering); and the "Instituto Superior de Comércio" (commerce/finance - today "ISEG - Instituto Superior de Economia e Gestão" of the Technical University of Lisbon), later, in 1930, combined with other higher education schools of Lisbon to create the Technical University of Lisbon composed by several faculties and university institutes.
1918: Re-birth of the "Instituto Industrial de Lisboa".
In 1918 a new "Instituto Industrial de Lisboa" was re-founded as an intermediate school, in order to train technicians for the industry in a number of engineering-related fields, which operated until 1974. Without higher education among its curricula, it conferred the professional title of "Engenheiro Auxiliar" (Auxiliary Engineer) since 1924 to 1926 and of "Agente Técnico de Engenharia" (Technical Agent of Engineering) between 1926 to 1974 as a vocational education school.
1974: Birth of ISEL.
In 1974 it was converted into the "Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Lisboa" (ISEL), providing higher education, and becoming part of the Instituto Politécnico de Lisboa in the 1980s, a grouping of higher education polytechnic schools. It conferred the professional title of "engenheiro técnico" (technical engineer), a title conferred after a three-year course; the degree was known as "bacharelato". In those times, a full chartered engineer ("Engenheiro") in Portugal used to have a compulsory five-year course known as "licenciatura" which was granted exclusively by universities. Only engineers having the "licenciatura" diploma, graduated at the universities, were capacitated to develop any kind of project in engineering and were universally recognized by the Engineers Association of Portugal ("Ordem dos Engenheiros"). 
Today, after many reforms and changes in higher education occurred since 1998 to the 2000s, the formal differences between polytechnic and university "licenciatura" degrees in engineering are in general null, and due to the Bologna process both graduates should be recognized equally all across Europe. However, there are many engineering courses whose degrees are still not recognized by the "Ordem dos Engenheiros" (the highest Portuguese authority in accreditation of professional engineers), especially those engineering courses conferred by several polytechnical institutes and many private institutions[http://www.ordemengenheiros.pt/Default.aspx?tabid=511&pid=0].

</doc>
<doc id="2926844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926844" title="Bob Smith (New Jersey State Senator)">
Bob Smith (New Jersey State Senator)

Bob Smith (born March 25, 1947) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has been serving in the New Jersey State Senate since 2002, where he represents the 17th Legislative District. Smith was elected to his first Senate term November 2001 to fill the seat vacated by the retirement of John Lynch. Smith serves in the Senate on the Environment Committee (as Chair) and the Judiciary Committee.
Biography.
Smith received a B.A. degree in 1969 from the University of Scranton in History, an M.S. in 1970 from the University of Scranton in Chemistry, an M.S. in 1973 from Rutgers University in Environmental Science and was awarded a J.D. in 1981 from the Seton Hall University School of Law. Smith taught environmental science and chemistry at Middlesex County College for 15 years. By profession, Senator Smith is an attorney.
Before being elected to the State Senate, Smith served in the General Assembly, the lower house of the New Jersey Legislature, from 1986 to 2001. In the Assembly, Smith served as the Deputy Minority Leader from 1994 to 1995 and as the Parliamentarian from 1988 to 1989.
Smith sponsored and passed laws dealing with such critical matters as increasing penalties for violations of environmental laws, repairing outmoded combined sewer systems, and reforming the state's oil spill prevention efforts. Senator Smith's legislative accomplishments include authoring the Ocean Pollution Bounty Act, Sludge Management Act, Oil Spill Prevention Act, the Worker and Community Right to Know Act and the Clean Water Enforcement Act. He has sought the enactment of laws affording greater protection to child victims of abuse and sponsored bills to increase the penalties for carjacking. Senator Smith has been involved in the fight to protect citizens from lead poisoning.
In the devastation following Hurricane Floyd, Senator Smith sponsored the Emergency Disaster Relief Act and Local Flood Aid Act to aid economic recovery. In the closing days of the 2001 legislative session Senator Smith fought for the rights of New Jersey National Guard students, who were being forced to register for classes after their civilian peers, as the colleges and universities were not reimbursed for providing their educational benefits. Smith sponsored and had a law passed that provided for the funding of education and allowed for the National Guard students to register along with their fellow students.
Smith served as Mayor of Piscataway from 1981 to 1986, served on the Piscataway Township Council from 1977 to 1980, its Planning Board from 1975 to 1986 (as its Chair in 1976) and on the Piscataway Environmental Committee from 1971 to 1975.
District 17.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 17th Legislative District for the 2012-2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2926852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926852" title="Marple Bridge">
Marple Bridge

Marple Bridge is a village within the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, in Greater Manchester, England. It lies on the River Goyt, which runs through the centre of the village, and is close to the town of Marple.
Historically a part of the civil parish of Glossop, in Derbyshire, it was included in the new parish of Ludworth and Chisworth in 1866. Ludworth became a separate parish in 1896, and was abolished in 1936, when the former parish was transferred to Cheshire and amalgamated into Marple Urban District. In 1974 the urban district was abolished and Marple Bridge became part of the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport in the county of Greater Manchester. It shares borders with Mellor, Marple, Compstall, New Mills, Strines, Mill Brow and Chisworth. It is located in the ecclesiastical parish of Mellor and the parish church of St Thomas, Mellor stands several hundred feet higher than the village, overlooking Marple Bridge, Marple, Greater Manchester and Cheshire.
Transport.
The village is served by a railway station: Marple station on the Hope Valley line.
The village has bus services running through it, most of which go to Stockport (the 383 and 384 services), via the A626 and Offerton along with an hourly 394 service to Glossop in Derbyshire and Stepping Hill Hospital in the other direction. It also has bus services to Hayfield and New Mills also in Derbyshire.
Conservation Area.
Marple Bridge village centre has been designated a Conservation Area. The Conservation Area was originally established in 1974, although was extended in 2006 to incorporate Brabyns park.
Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council has produced a Conservation Area Character Appraisal document, outlining the reasons that the Conservation Area has been designated as such. In justifying the reasons for designation, this document states of the town: 
“Marple Bridge is a predominately stone-built village situated on the banks of the River Goyt, just to the north east of Marple... Historically the location had significance as a bridging point on the route between Stockport and Derbyshire and where water power was available initially for a forge and corn mill. Marple Bridge developed from the 18th century as a small urban centre. Of special importance is the landscape setting of Marple Bridge formed by the steep-sided valley of the Goyt...”

</doc>
<doc id="2926855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926855" title="Kennedy Interchange">
Kennedy Interchange

The Kennedy Interchange, unofficially, though universally, referred to as Spaghetti Junction, is the intersection of Interstates 64, 65 and 71 at the northeastern edge of downtown Louisville, Kentucky, USA. It is named for the "John F. Kennedy Memorial Bridge" located immediately to the north of the interchange (which carries I-65).
History.
The Kennedy Interchange was designed by Barstow, Mulligan and Vollmer, a New York firm. Construction began in the spring of 1962 and when it was complete, the design was adequate to handle the traffic needs of the time. Henry Ward, a member of the Louisville Chamber of Commerce in 1958, lobbied in Frankfort to Highway Commissioner Ward Oates to have I-65 (and other interstates) routed through downtown Louisville. At that time, Henry Ward, who would later become the state Highway Commissioner from 1960 to 1967, stated that "downtown Louisville felt it would be disastrous for it to be bypassed by the interstate." There was tremendous pressure from both sides to push the interstate highway system through downtown. Later on in 1996, he reflected back and stated that, "... it was a mistake. I think downtown Louisville would have been better off if Interstate 65 had not been located where it is."
However, traffic was not as bad then as it is now. The projections for traffic was nowhere close to 300,000, or what passes through the Kennedy Interchange that was only designed for a maximum capacity of 100,000.
In 1996, the Ohio River Major Investment Study suggested rebuilding the Kennedy Interchange at a cost of $120.5 million. It stated that during rush hour, traffic congests at the interchange causing pollution and creating potential accidents since it has a high crash rate. From 1996 to 1998, there were 261 crashes for every 100 million miles traveled within the Kennedy Interchange, 172% higher than the state average. The study recommended that two new bridges be constructed, one downtown and one linking the two segments of I-265. In 1997, U.S. Representatives Anne Northup and Lee H. Hamilton, two local politicians, secured $40 million for an environmental impact study (EIS) that was completed in 2002. This allowed design of the new junction and bridges to commence.
Need for improvements.
Since I-71 was completed from this interchange to the Watterson Expressway in 1968 and I-64 was completed to the Watterson Expressway in 1970, this interchange has served as the junction for almost all interstate highway traffic entering, exiting, and passing through Downtown Louisville. Some of the ramps do not conform to modern interstate standards (such as merge ramps entering into the left-hand lane as opposed to the right-hand lane). Although the I-65 Kennedy Bridge was restriped for narrower northbound lanes in the 1990s (for a total of seven lanes — four northbound, three southbound), the bridge continues to operate beyond its intended capacity. Some complications at the interchange include the facts that westbound traffic from I-64 cannot exit to I-71 and that southbound traffic from I-71 cannot exit to eastbound I-64.
The states of Kentucky and Indiana have approved a multi-year project, namely the Ohio River Bridges Project, to completely reconfigure the interchange.
Redesign and reconstruction plans.
On October 27, 2005, the original plans for a redesign for the Kennedy Interchange were revealed by the QK4 engineering firm. The $1.1 billion project entails rebuilding the I-64, I-65 and I-71. This is part of the $2.46 billion Ohio River Bridges Project that will build a parallel I-65 span and a new I-265 crossing by 2020.
The new downtown span and the redesigned interchange will be a change from the existing setup.
"Changes slated for the Spaghetti Junction, Downtown Bridges Project:"

</doc>
<doc id="2926860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926860" title="Follow the Fleet">
Follow the Fleet

Follow the Fleet (RKO) is a 1936 Hollywood musical comedy film with a nautical theme which stars Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and features Randolph Scott, Harriet Hilliard, and Astrid Allwyn, with music and lyrics by Irving Berlin. Lucille Ball and Betty Grable also appear, in supporting roles. The film was directed by Mark Sandrich with script by Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor based on the 1922 play "Shore Leave" by Hubert Osborne.
"Follow the Fleet" was extremely successful at the box office, and during 1936, Astaire's recorded versions of "Let Yourself Go", "I'm Putting all My Eggs in One Basket", and "Let's Face the Music and Dance" reached their highest positions of 3rd, 2nd, 3rd respectively in the US Hit Parade. Harriet Hilliard and Tony Martin made their screen debuts in this film. RKO borrowed Randolph Scott from Paramount and Astrid Allwyn from Fox for the production.
Plot.
"Bake" Baker (Fred Astaire) and Sherry (Ginger Rogers) are former dance partners, now separated, with Baker in the Navy and Sherry working as a dance hostess in a San Francisco ballroom, "Paradise".
Bake visits the ballroom with his Navy buddy "Bilge" (Randolph Scott) during a period of liberty, reuniting with Sherry while Bilge is initially attracted to Sherry's sister Connie (Harriet Hilliard). When Connie begins to talk about marriage, Bilge quickly diverts his attention towards a friend of Sherry's, Iris (Astrid Allwyn), a divorced socialite.
The sailors return to sea while Connie seeks to raise money to salvage her deceased sea-captain father's sailing ship. When the boys return to San Francisco, Bake attempts to get Sherry a job in a Broadway show, but fails amidst a flurry of mistaken identities and misunderstandings. He redeems himself by staging a benefit show which raises the final seven hundred dollars needed to refurbish the ship - although he has to jump ship in order to do so. Bilge, now a Chief Petty Officer, is ordered to locate and arrest him, but allows Bake to complete the show.
After the concert, Bake and Sherry are offered a show on Broadway, which Bake accepts on the proviso that Sherry asks him to marry her. Of course, he first has to be sent to the Brig and take his punishment.
Musical numbers.
Hermes Pan collaborated with Astaire on the choreography. Two songs, "Moonlight Maneuvers" and "With a Smile on My Face" were written for the film but unused.
Reception.
Dance commentators Arlene Croce and John Mueller point out that, aside from the obvious weakness a discursive and overlong plot lacking quality specialist comedians the film contains some of the Astaire-Rogers partnership's most prized duets, not least the iconic "Let's Face the Music and Dance". According to Arlene Croce: "One reason the numbers in "Follow the Fleet" are as great as they are is that Rogers had improved remarkably as a dancer. Under Astaire's coaching she had developed extraordinary range, and the numbers in the film are designed to show it off." That this film's remarkable score was produced immediately after his smash-hit score for "Top Hat" is perhaps testimony to Berlin's claim that Astaire's abilities inspired him to deliver some of his finest work. As an actor, however, Astaire makes an unconvincing attempt at shedding the wealthy man-about-town image by donning a sailor's uniform, while Rogers, in this her fifth pairing with Astaire, brings her usual comedic and dramatic flair to bear on her role as a nightclub entertainer.
Box Office.
The film earned $1,532,000 in the US and Canada and $1,175,000 elsewhere making a profit of $945,000. This was slightly down on that for "Top Hat" but was still among RKO's most popular movies of the decade.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2926867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926867" title="Funes the Memorious">
Funes the Memorious

"Funes the Memorious" (original Spanish title: "Funes el memorioso") is a fantasy short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. First published in La Nación in June 1942, it appeared in the 1944 anthology "Ficciones", part two ("Artifices"). The first English translation appeared in 1954 in "Avon Modern Writing No. 2". 
Funes is the fictional story of Ireneo Funes, who, after falling off his horse and receiving a bad head injury, acquired the amazing talent — or curse — of remembering absolutely everything.
Plot summary.
"Funes the Memorious" tells the story of a fictional version of Borges himself as he meets Ireneo Funes, a teenage boy who lives in Fray Bentos, Uruguay, in 1884. Borges's cousin asks the boy for the time, and Funes replies instantly, without the aid of a watch and accurate to the minute.
Borges returns to Buenos Aires, then in 1887 comes back to Fray Bentos, intending to relax and study some Latin. He learns that Ireneo Funes has meanwhile suffered a horseback riding accident and is now hopelessly crippled. Soon enough, Borges receives a note from Funes, requesting that the visitor lend him some of his Latin books and a dictionary. Borges, disconcerted, sends Funes what he deems the most difficult works "in order fully to undeceive him".
Days later, Borges receives a telegram from Buenos Aires calling for his return due to his father's ill health. As he packs, he remembers the books and goes to Funes's house. Funes's mother escorts him to a patio where the youth usually spends his dark hours. As he enters, Borges is greeted by Funes's voice speaking perfect Latin, reciting "the first paragraph of the twenty-fourth chapter of the seventh book of the "Historia Naturalis"" (by Pliny the Elder).
Funes enumerates to Borges the cases of prodigious memory cited in the "Historia Naturalis", and adds that he marvels that those are considered marvellous. He reveals that, since his fall from the horse, he perceives everything in full detail and remembers it all. He remembers, for example, the shape of clouds at all given moments, as well as the associated perceptions (muscular, thermal, etc.) of each moment. Funes has an immediate intuition of the mane of a horse or the form of a constantly changing flame that is comparable to our (normal people's) intuition of a simple geometric shape such as a triangle or square.
In order to pass the time, Funes has engaged in projects such as reconstructing a full day's worth of past memories (an effort which, he finds, takes him another full day), and constructing a "system of enumeration" that gives each number a different, arbitrary name. Borges correctly points out to him that this is precisely the opposite of a system of enumeration, but Funes is incapable of such understanding. A poor, ignorant young boy in the outskirts of a small town, he is hopelessly limited in his possibilities, but (says Borges) his absurd projects reveal "a certain stammering greatness". Funes, we are told, is incapable of Platonic ideas, of generalities, of abstraction; his world is one of intolerably uncountable details. He finds it very difficult to sleep, since he recalls "every crevice and every moulding of the various houses which him".
Borges spends the whole night talking to Funes in the dark. When dawn reveals Funes's face, only 19 years old, Borges sees him "as monumental as bronze, more ancient than Egypt, anterior to the prophecies and the pyramids".
Borges later finds out that Funes died from "congestion of the lungs."
Major themes.
Borges explores a variety of topics in the text, such as the need of generalization and abstraction to thought and science.
Savants.
Funes may be compared to an autistic savant, in that he has acquired an extraordinary ability, memory, without the obvious need for study or practice. The story raises the unresolved question of how much unfulfilled potential the human brain truly contains.
The very existence of eidetic memory is controversial, although hyperthymesia, now known as Highly Superior Autobiographical Memory (HSAM), the ability to recall one's past day-by-day, has been confirmed to exist by some neurologists (Parker et al. 2006).
Wasted miracles.
The early death of Funes echoes the idea of unfulfilled potential, the wasted miracle of a plainsman with phenomenal abilities who lives and dies in obscurity. The unheeded marvel is a common theme in Borges's writing.
Counting systems.
Funes claims to have invented a system of enumeration which gives every numeral (up to at least 24,000) its own arbitrary name. The narrator argues that a positional number system is a better tool for abstraction.
Artificial languages.
The narrator mentions that Locke postulated then rejected an impossible idiom "in which each individual thing, each stone, each bird and each branch would have its own name; Funes once projected an analogous language, but discarded it because it seemed too general to him, too ambiguous" since it did not take "time" into account : given that physical objects are constantly changing in subtle ways, Funes insisted that in order to refer to an object unambiguously one must specify a time.
Generalization.
Because Funes can distinguish every physical object at every distinct time of viewing, he has no clear need of generalization (or detail-suppression) for the management of sense impressions. The narrator claims that this prevents abstract thought, given that induction and deduction rely on this ability. This is stated in the line "To think is to forget a difference, to generalize, to abstract. In the overly replete world of Funes, there were nothing but details."
Insomnia.
Funes sits in a dark room and goes over the events in his past. As narrative this can be seen as extended version of insomnia. It is a fantastical presentation of a common human complaint.
Actual persons with similar conditions.
The real-life case of Daniel Tammet (b. 1979), an autistic British savant, bears a certain similitude to fictional Ireneo Funes: he had epileptic seizures that may have a part in his unusual talents; his memory for numbers is prodigious (on March 14, 2004 - 'pi day', Tammet correctly recited 22,514 digits of the irrational number), and finally, he has explained that he has synesthesia, which allows him to "see" numbers as shapes, some of which are more pleasant than others.
Solomon Shereshevskii, a stage memory-artist (mnemonist) with a condition known as "hypermnesia", is described by the Russian neuropsychologist Alexander Luria in his book, "The Mind of a Mnemonist"', which some speculate was the inspiration for Borges's story. Luria discusses explicitly some of the trade-offs — hinted at by Borges — that come with supernormal memory power. (Further Skywriting on this topic.) American neuropsychologist Oliver Sacks cites Luria's book as the inspiration for his own book, Awakenings, which is dedicated to Luria.
Jill Price, along with 10 others, can remember with great accuracy most days of their lives starting from the average age of 11. The scientific term for their unique condition is "hyperthymestic syndrome" now more recently known as Highly Superior Autobiographical Memory (HSAM). Price has stated that she, like Funes, views her memory as a curse.
In cinema and literature.
Chris Doyle's film "Away with words" is largely inspired by the story of Funes (as well as Luria's account of Shereshevskii's life and psychology).
David Mitchell's novel Cloud Atlas alludes to this story; the character Sonmi-451 is said, as part of her intellectual development, to have read "Ireneo Funes's "Remembrances"".
Umberto Eco's novel The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana alludes to this story.

</doc>
<doc id="2926876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926876" title="Platystele">
Platystele

Platystele is a genus of orchids, comprising about 95 species. Most of these have small flowers, some of the smallest in the family. The genus is widespread across Mexico, Central America, the West Indies, and South America as far south as Bolivia, but infrequent in Brazil.Luer, C. A. 1990. Icones Pleurothallidinarum–VII. Systematics of "Platystele" (Orchidaceae). Monographs in systematic botany from the Missouri Botanical Garden 38: 1–135. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926878" title="Jane Eyre (musical)">
Jane Eyre (musical)

Jane Eyre is a musical drama with music and lyrics by composer-lyricist Paul Gordon and a book by John Caird, based on the novel by Charlotte Brontë. The musical premiered on Broadway in 2000.
Production history.
A workshop of the musical was performed at Manhattan Theatre Club in 1995. The musical had a work-in-progress workshop production in Wichita, Kansas in Autumn 1995 at the Centre Theatre. Minor roles and the large ensemble of schoolgirls for the scenes at Brocklehurst's school were cast locally, while the directors brought several members of the principal cast from New York. The musical was well received, and a recording of this rendition allowed the creative team and their backers to slowly move the project towards an opening on Broadway. The musical had its world premiere at the Royal Alexandra Theatre in Toronto, Canada in late 1996. The musical then had a pre-Broadway try-out at La Jolla Playhouse, San Diego, California, July 14, 1999 to August 29, 1999. The cast had been reduced from 30 in Toronto to 19.
The musical debuted on Broadway at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre on November 9, 2000, with an official opening on December 10, 2000 and closed on June 10, 2001 after 36 previews and 209 performances. Marla Schaffel, who played the title character, won a Drama Desk Award and the Outer Critics Circle Award (in a tie with Christine Ebersole) for her performance. The production was directed by John Caird and Scott Schwartz, choreography by Jayne Paterson, set designer by John Napier, costumes by Andreane Neofitou, and lighting by Jules Fisher and Peggy Eisenhauer. Days after the Tony Award nominations were announced, a closing date of May 20 was announced. Alanis Morissette, a friend of Paul Gordon's, bought $150,000 worth of tickets to the musical and donated them to various charity groups. This would allow the show to be open past the Tony Award telecast, although the show closed a week after.
The musical was produced by the Department of Theater at University of Maryland College Park in October of 2005 at The Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center. The production was received extremely well, becoming the best selling show the department had ever done, at that time. 
A revised version is in the works, with an originally expected regional debut in the 2008 or 2009 season.
The London premiere of "Jane Eyre the Musical" took place in June 2007 at the Jack Lyons Theatre: Royal Academy of Music, with Director Matt Ryan and Musical Director John Owen Edwards.
Musical numbers.
^ = songs on the soundtrack -----
Poor Master on the soundtrack is sung by Richard Mason, so it's slightly different.----
Before the song "Rain", on the CD, a cut song from the show "My Maker" is sung by Jane.
Synopsis.
Jane Eyre, a young orphan, is living at Gateshead but is ill-treated by her Aunt Mrs. Reed and cousin John Reed. Jane is sent to a boarding school. Over the years, Jane becomes a teacher at the boarding school but longs to see other sights. She becomes a tutor of Adele Varens, a young French girl who lives at Thornfield Hall as the ward of the owner, Edward Rochester. When a fire breaks out, Jane puts it out and saves Edward's life, and the two become close. Edward, however, cannot accept his affection for Jane, and so invites wealthy guests as a distraction. It appears that Blanche Ingram and Edward may be getting married, and Jane is unhappy over this.
Mason, an old friend, arrives, and Edward is disturbed. He asks Jane whether she would leave if he had a terrible secret, and she vows her faithfulness.
When Mason is attacked in the attic, he is helped by Jane and Edward and leaves.
Edward, pretending to be a gypsy, tells Blanche Ingram that he is not rich, and she hastily departs Thornfield. Edward at last tells Jane that he loves her and proposes marriage, and Jane happily accepts. However, on the day of the wedding, Mason tells the secret. Edward is already married to Bertha (who is Mason's sister) and his mad wife lives in the attic of Thornfield. Jane, unwilling to live with Edward without being married, leaves. Bertha meanwhile sets fire to Thornfield, and she dies in the fire. 
Jane, hungry and exhausted after wandering the moors, has returned to Gateshead Hall, and discovers that her aged aunt is near death. Mrs. Reed has tried to steal her inheritance, but Jane forgives this last evil treatment. St. John Rivers, a clergyman, proposes marriage and Jane almost accepts. But, she hears Edward calling out to her. She returns to Thornfield to see that it has been destroyed. Jane and Edward, blind and crippled in the attempt to save his wife, are married. Edward's sight is partially restored as Jane shows him their new-born son.
Comparison between the book and musical.
According to "Variety", "Most of the novel's unforgettable Gothic incidents are here: the orphaned Jane's cruel treatment at the hands of her aunt and her spoiled, sadistic cousin; further humiliation at the Lowood school, where she is befriended by the angelic Helen Burns, who then departs --- lickety-split --- to join her immortal brethren; and, of course, Jane's great, doomed romance with her employer Edward Fairfax Rochester (James Barbour), dark of brow and gloomy of spirit, but sexy as hell."
The "New York Times" reviewer wrote that "The overall gallop through Bronte's significant plot has the teasing quality of a movie trailer. We barely see Bertha when she sneaks down from the attic to set Rochester's bed aflame." 
In the book, Jane's aunt left her nothing when she died. It was Jane's uncle, whom we never meet, that made her rich.
In the book, Jane does not return to Gateshead Hall after leaving Edward but is found by St. John Rivers, who then helps her get a teaching position.
The character of Miss Temple, the caring teacher at the Lowood Institution, is not in the stage musical.
Response.
The "Talkin Broadway" reviewer wrote: "A successful dramatic interpretation of the ever-popular novel by Charlotte Bronte, Jane is also blessed with a luxuriant score, haunting and memorable music, and crisp, intelligent lyrics which speak from the very heart of this tragic and romantic story. John Caird, who wrote the book, and Paul Gordon, who wrote the music and lyrics, have come up with a major contender come Spring’s award time...With Jane Eyre, Marla Schaffel joins that small group of great stars of the American musical theatre - Angela Lansbury, Julie Andrews, and Bernadette Peters - who, lady-like to the core, can effortlessly carry a major musical on their delicate shoulders and enchant an audience with a smile." 

</doc>
<doc id="2926884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926884" title="Zirconium propanoate">
Zirconium propanoate

Zirconium propionate is a white powder with molecular formula Zr(CH3CH2COO)4. Its structure is complex, but is believed to be based on hydroxy-bridged zirconium polymers, with the propionate carboxyl group bonded to the zirconium. Propionates are salts or esters of propionic acid. It is not soluble in water, but dissolves in a solution of isopropanol, ethanol and ethyl acetate. When tamped or untamped, it has a density of 1.14 g/cm3 or 0.98 g/cm3 respectively. It is used to promote adhesion in solvent-based inks. Impurities of Hafnium are commonly present.

</doc>
<doc id="2926915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926915" title="Valentina Vargas">
Valentina Vargas

Valentina Vargas (born December 31, 1964) is a Chilean-born actress. She developed most of her career in France, where she was raised.
Biography.
Vargas began her career in the dramatic art within the workshop of Tania Balaschova in Paris and also later at the Yves Pignot School of Los Angeles. Her cinematographic career started via the filming of three of the most important works in contemporary French cinema, namely Pierre Jolivet's "Strictly Personal", Luc Besson's "Big Blue" and Jean-Jacques Annaud's "Name of the Rose". Over the years, Vargas also worked with Samuel Fuller in "Street of No Return", Miguel Littín in "Los náufragos" and Alfredo Arieta in "Fuegos".
Vargas is trilingual in Spanish, French and English. This has enabled her to pass without notice in films as varied as the cinematic horror film "" where she played the Cenobite Angelique, to the comedy "Chili con carne" of Thomas Gilou. She appeared opposite Jan Michael Vincent ("Dirty Games"), Malcolm McDowell and Michael Ironside ("Southern Cross"), and James Remar ("The Tigress").
After her performance in "Bloody Mallory" where she played "the malicious one", she turned to playing roles for television. Initially she played in a version of "Les Liaisons dangereuses" directed by Josée Dayan. She starred in this production with Catherine Deneuve, Rupert Everett, Leelee Sobieski and Nastassja Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="2926917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926917" title="Shane Webcke">
Shane Webcke

Shane Webcke (born 28 September 1974 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer, who spent his entire top-grade career playing for the Brisbane Broncos. His position of choice was at prop forward and at his peak he was renowned as the best front rower in the world. Webcke represented Queensland in the State of Origin on twenty-one separate occasions and has also captained the side. He also made eighteen test appearances for the Australian national side. Alongside Glenn Lazarus and Arthur Beetson, Webcke is considered by many to have been one of the finest post-war front-rowers to play the game.
Biography.
Originally from Leyburn, Queensland and having played for Toowoomba, Webcke was scouted by Wayne Bennett, whom he acknowledges as the greatest influence on his career, after seeing him play as a schoolboy in 1993. The following year Webcke's father was killed in a work accident when he was still 19 years of age.
1990s.
Webcke made his debut for the Broncos in the 1995 ARL season. Within two seasons he had his first premiership ring, when he helped Brisbane to victory over the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the 1997 Super League season's grand final.
Webcke made his first appearance for the Queensland Maroons in the first game of the 1998 State of Origin series and was named man-of-the-match in the third and deciding game that year. From his debut until his retirement from representative football following Game III in 2004, no other player wore the number 8 for Queensland.
He played at prop forward for the Brisbane Broncos in their win at the 1998 NRL grand final.
2000s.
In 2000 Webcke broke his arm during the finals series that season but went on to play for the Broncos at prop forward in their 2000 NRL grand final victory over the Sydney Roosters. Post-season he was a member of the Australian team that won the 2000 Rugby League World Cup. Webcke was also awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his contribution to Australia's international standing in the sport of rugby league. Following Australia's World Cup victory, Webcke and teammate Gorden Tallis wrote an open letter to players appealing for an end to scandalous behaviour amongst footballers which had been tarnishing the sport.
Having won the 2000 NRL Premiership, the Broncos travelled to England to play against 2000's Super League V Champions, St Helens RLFC for the 2001 World Club Challenge, with Webcke playing at prop forward in Brisbane's loss. Webcke won the 2001 Brisbane Broncos season's best player award for the year. Post-season he refused to tour with the Kangaroos in the wake of the 11 September attacks. At the end of the 2003 NRL season, he went on the 2003 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France, helping Australia to victory over Great Britain in the last time rugby league's Ashes series would be contested. Webcke was selected in the Australian team to go and compete in the end of season 2004 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Great Britain he played at prop forward in the Kangaroos' 44–4 victory.Webcke again won the Paul Morgan Medal for the Broncos' best and fairest player for the 2005 Brisbane Broncos season.
Having won premierships with the Brisbane Broncos club in 1997, 1998 and 2000, Webcke announced on 26 April 2006, that he would retire at the end of the 2006 NRL season. Webcke's final game was the Broncos' victory in the 2006 NRL Grand Final against the Melbourne Storm, days after his 32nd birthday.
Post-playing.
Post-football, Webcke went on to release his successful auto-biography, "Warhorse" and also ventured into media with the Seven Network in Australia. Webcke's pub at Leyburn, Queensland – the Royal Hotel – is the longest, continuously licensed premises in Queensland[http://www.broncos.com.au/index.cfm?TopMenuID=266&MenuID=277&CompetitorID=39].
Webcke was set to become the first player to give the annual Tom Brock Lecture when he was invited to do so in 2007, but this did not eventuate.
In 2007 at the Broncos' 20-year anniversary celebration, the club announced a list of the 20 best players to play for them to date which included Webcke.
In February 2008, Webcke was named in the list of Australia's "100 Greatest Players" (1908–2007) which was commissioned by the NRL and ARL to celebrate the code's centenary year in Australia.
A few months later the Brisbane Broncos appointed Shane Webcke, along with Allan Langer as full-time assistant coaches to work alongside new head coach Ivan Henjak from the 2009 season. However shortly after the start of the season Webcke quit his post in the wake of controversy surrounding the release of his new book in which he was openly critical of the Broncos administration not standing down star players Darius Boyd, Sam Thaiday and Karmichael Hunt when police were investigating sexual assault allegations against them in September 2008. He went on to state that he was 'filthy' about the state of affairs at the Broncos. He also wrote that Andrew Johns should never have been included in the Australian rugby league team of the century after his confessions of illicit drug use during his career.
Webcke was also hired by Channel Seven to provide perspectives on Brisbane Broncos and Gold Coast Titans feature matches. He regularly presents the sports segment on the Brisbane edition of Seven News. He worked on-screen with Matthew Johns in the first (and only) season of "The Matty Johns Show".

</doc>
<doc id="2926927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926927" title="Dhofar Rebellion">
Dhofar Rebellion

The Dhofar Rebellion () was launched in the province of Dhofar against the Sultanate of Muscat and Oman, which had British support, from 1962 to 1976. It ended with the defeat of the rebels, but the state of Oman had to be radically reformed and modernized to cope with the campaign.
Background.
In 1962, Oman was a comparatively underdeveloped country in the Middle East. Sultan Said bin Taimur, the absolute ruler, had outlawed almost all aspects of twentieth-century development and relied on British support to maintain the rudimentary functions of the state. Dhofar itself was a dependency of Oman and it was subjected to severe economic exploitation. Moreover, the population of Dhofar, who speak various modern South Arabian languages, were subjected to even greater restrictions than other Omanis.
The province of Dhofar consists of an intermittent narrow, fertile coastal plain, on which stand Salalah, the provincial capital, and other towns such as Mughsayl, Taqah and Mirbat. Behind this are the rugged hills of the Jebel Dhofar. The western portion of this range is known as the Jebel Qamar, the central part as the Jebel Qara and the eastern part as the Jebel Samhan. From June to September each year, the jebel receives moisture-laden winds (the Khareef or monsoon) and is shrouded in cloud. As a result, it is heavily vegetated, and for much of the year is green and lush. The inhabitants of the villages and communities on the jebel were known as "jibalis". To the north, the hills slope down via rough wadis and cliffs into the gravel plains and sand seas of the Empty Quarter.
History.
Early years of the rebellion.
In 1962 a dissatisfied tribal leader, Mussalim bin Nafl, formed the Dhofar Liberation Front (DLF) and obtained arms and vehicles from Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia and Oman had earlier clashed over ownership of the Buraimi Oasis, and the Saudis had already supported two failed insurrections in the Jebel Akhdar in the interior of Oman in 1957–59. The DLF also received support from Imam Ghalib Bin Ali, the exiled Imam of Oman, who had led these earlier revolts.
Bin Nafl and his men made an epic crossing of the Empty Quarter to reach Dhofar. As early as December 1962, Bin Nafl's guerrilla band performed sabotage operations on the British air base at Salalah and ambushed oil industry vehicles; however, they then withdrew, having been sent by Saudi Arabia to Iraq for more guerrilla training.
From 1964 the DLF began a campaign of hit-and-run attacks on oil company installations and government posts. Many of the DLF were trained former soldiers of the Sultan of Oman's Armed Forces (SAF), or of the Trucial Oman Scouts in the United Arab Emirates.
The Sultan had relied on the "Dhofar Force", a locally-recruited irregular unit of only 60 men, to maintain order in the region. In April 1966, members of this unit attempted to assassinate the Sultan. This event apparently changed the nature of the conflict. The Sultan retired to his palace in Salalah, never to be seen in public again. This only served to add to rumours that the British were running Oman through a "phantom" Sultan. The Sultan also launched a full-scale military offensive against the DLF, contrary to the advice of his British advisors. Heavy-handed search and destroy missions were launched in Dhofar, villages were burned and wells were concreted over or blown up. A member of the SAF reported that after receiving heavy resistance, it "proved that the position was unattainable, and after blowing up the village wells we evacuated the camp."
An emboldened movement.
From the early days of the rebellion, Nasserite and other left wing movements in neighbouring Yemen and in Aden were also involved. In 1967, two events combined to give the Rebellion a more revolutionary complexion. One was the Six Day War which radicalised opinion throughout the Arab world. The other was the British withdrawal from Aden and the establishment of the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen (PDRY). From this point, the rebels had a source of arms, supplies and training facilities adjacent to Dhofar, and fresh recruits from among groups in the PDRY. Training camps, logistical bases and other facilities were set up in the coastal town of Hawf, only a few miles from the border with Oman.
In May 1968, an attack by a battalion of the Sultan's Armed Forces against a rebel position at Deefa in the Jebel Qamar was defeated by heavily armed and well-organised and trained rebels.
At a "Second Congress" of the insurgent movement in September 1968, most of the official posts within the movement passed into the hands of radicals, and the movement renamed itself the Popular Front for the Liberation of the Occupied Arabian Gulf ("al-Jabha al-Sha'abiya li-Tahrir al-Khalij al-'Arabi al-Muhtall"), or PFLOAG. The move towards Marxism-Leninism ensured that the PFLOAG received sponsorship from both South Yemen and China. China in particular was quick to support the PFLOAG as it was a peasant-based organisation, giving it a strong Maoist credence. Chinese support for the PFLOAG also had another benefit for them, as it acted as a counterbalance to increasing Soviet influence in the Indian Ocean. China was quick to establish an embassy in Aden and "the Yemeni regime allowed its territory to be used for channelling weapons" to the PFLOAG. Both the Chinese and Soviets also provided members of the PFLOAG with indoctrination and training in unconventional warfare.
The transformation of the DLF, combined with a new supply of Chinese and Soviet weaponry and better training, ensured that the armed wing of the PFLOAG turned into an effective fighting force. However, it also led to a split between those such as bin Nafl who were fighting mainly for local autonomy and recognition, and the more doctrinaire revolutionaries (led by Mohammad Ahmad al-Ghassani). One of bin Nafl's lieutenants, Said bin Gheer, was an early and influential defector to the Sultan.
Nevertheless, by 1969 the DLF and PFLOAG fighters (known widely as "Adoo") had overrun much of the Jebel Dhofar, and cut the only road across it, that from Salalah to "Midway" (Thumrait) in the deserts to the north. They were well-armed with such weapons as the AK-47 assault rifle. They also used heavy machine guns (the DShK), mortars up to 82mm in calibre and 140mm BM-14 or 122mm "Katyusha" rockets.
By 1970 communists controlled the entire Jebel. Terror was then used to break up the tradition tribal structure. Five elderly sheikhs were pushed over a 450 feet high cliff. Other sheikhs were machine gunned with their sons. Children were forcibly removed from their families and sent to train in Yemen. Young men were sent to train for guerilla warfare in China and Russia.
The units of the Sultan's Armed Forces were under strength with only 1,000 men in Dhofar in 1968. They were also badly equipped, mainly with World War II vintage weapons such as bolt-action rifles, which were inferior to the PFLOAG's modern firearms. These rifles were replaced by the FN FAL only late in 1969. Even the SAF's clothing and boots were ragged and unsuitable for the terrain. The units of the SAF were generally not properly trained to face hardy guerrillas on their own ground, and no Omani held a rank above that of Lieutenant (a result of the Sultan's fears of opposition to his rule among the armed forces). The SAF generally were unable to operate in less than company strength on the jebel, and were mainly restricted to Salalah and its immediate area. Small detachments of the British RAF Regiment and Royal Artillery had to be deployed to protect the vital airfield at Salalah from infiltrators and from harassing mortar and rocket fire.
Other insurgents in the north of Oman formed another organisation, the National Democratic Front for the Liberation of Oman and the Arabian Gulf (NDFLOAG). In June 1970 they attacked two SAF posts at Nizwa and Izki. They were repulsed but the incident convinced many (including the Sultan's British advisers and backers) that new leadership was required.
Coup.
On 23 July 1970, Said bin Taimur was deposed. The coup was almost bloodless. Folklore has it that one of the plotters, two of the Sultan's bodyguard and the Sultan were slightly wounded, all by the Sultan himself. Sultan Said went into exile in London. He was replaced by his son, Qaboos bin Said, who immediately instigated major social, educational and military reforms. Qaboos had been well educated, first in Salalah by an old Arab scholar and then at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, after which he was commissioned into the Cameronians, a regiment of the British Army. He then completed his education sitting in on councils, attending committee meetings and visiting industry and administrative centres in Britain before returning to Oman. His "five point plan" involved:
Within hours of the coup, British Special Air Service (SAS) soldiers were flown into Oman to further bolster the counterinsurgency campaign. They identified four main strategies that would assist the fight against the PFLOAG:
The military commanders on the ground (rather than the UK Ministry of Defence) suggested the implementation of a "hearts and minds" campaign, which would be put into operation primarily by a troop (25 men) from the SAS. The British government (then under Conservative leader Edward Heath) supported this unconventional approach to the counterinsurgency campaign. It approved the deployment of 20 personnel of the British Royal Engineers, who would aid in the construction of schools and health centres, and drilled wells for the population of Dhofar. A Royal Air Force medical team would also operate out of Salalah hospital, in order to open a humanitarian front in the conflict. The operation was almost a carbon copy of a system that had proved successful in the Malayan Emergency some twenty years previously. The British government additionally provided monetary support for the creation of the Dhofar Development Programme, whose aim was to wrest support from the PFLOAG through the modernisation of Dhofar.
To assist in the civil development and coordinate it with the military operations, the command structure in Dhofar was reorganised, with the newly appointed Wāli or civilian governor (Braik bin Hamoud) being given equal status to the military commander of the Dhofar Brigade (Brigadier Jack Fletcher to 1972, Brigadier John Akehurst from that date).
A major effort was made to counter rebel propaganda and induce the Dhofari population to support the government. In particular, appeals were made to Islam and to traditional tribal values and customs, against the rebels' secular or materialistic teachings. A significant outlet for government propaganda was the many inexpensive Japanese transistor radios which were sold cheaply or distributed free to jibalis who visited Salalah and other government-held towns to sell firewood or vegetables. Although the PFLOAG could also broadcast propaganda by radio, the Government's propaganda was factual and low-key, while that of the rebels, broadcast by Radio Aden, was soon perceived to be exaggerated and stereotyped.
Government counter-attacks.
One step which had a major impact on the uprising was the announcement of an amnesty for surrendered fighters, and aid in defending their communities from rebels. A cash incentive was offered to rebels who surrendered, with a bonus if they brought their weapon. The surrendered rebels formed "Firqat" irregular units, trained by British Army Training Teams, or BATTs, from the Special Air Service. Eighteen "Firqat" units, numbering from between 50 to 150 each, were eventually formed. They usually gave themselves names with connections to Islam, such as the "Firqat Salahadin". (Some of the PFLOAG units also gave themselves ideological names such as Ho Chi Minh or Che Guevara.) These "firqat" irregular groups played a major part in denying local support to the rebels. Being "jibalis" themselves (and in many cases with family connections among the communities on the Jebel), they were better at local intelligence-gathering and "hearts and minds" activities than the northern Omani or Baluchi personnel of the regular SAF. The first serious step in re-establishing the Sultan's authority on the Jebel took place in October 1971, when Operation Jaguar was mounted, involving five "Firqat" units and two squadrons of the SAS. After hard fighting, the SAS and "Firqats" secured an enclave on the eastern Jebel Samhan from which they could expand.
Meanwhile, the regular units of the SAF were expanded and re-equipped. Extra officers and NCO instructors from the British Army and Royal Marines (and also the Pakistan Army) were attached to all units (there were nominally twenty-two British or contracted personnel with each infantry battalion) while Omani personnel were educated and trained to become officers and senior NCOs. British specialist elements, including mortar locating radar troops and artillery observation officers, also rotated through Oman over several years.
The revitalised SAF created fortified lines running north from the coast and up to the summit of the Jebel, to interdict the movement of rebels and the camel trains carrying their supplies from the PDRY. The "Leopard Line" had already been established in 1969, but this line had to be abandoned during the monsoon season as it could not be supplied. The more effective "Hornbeam Line" was set up in 1971, running north from Mughsayl on the coast. The lines consisted of fortified platoon and company outposts on commanding peaks, linked by barbed wire. The posts possessed mortars and some also had artillery, to provide cover for patrols and to harass rebel positions and tracks used by them. The SAF soldiers continually sortied from their outposts to set ambushes on the most likely enemy infiltration routes and mount attacks against rebel mortar- and rocket-launching positions. Anti-personnel land mines were sown on infiltration routes. The rebels also used anti-personnel mines against suspected SAF patrol bases, and even laid anti-tank land mines on tracks used by SAF vehicles.
The Sultan of Oman's Air Force was also expanded, acquiring BAC Strikemaster and, later on, Hawker Hunter aircraft which provided air support to units on the ground, and eight Shorts Skyvan transport aircraft and eight Agusta Bell 205 transport helicopters which supplied "firqat" and SAF posts on the jebels. A flight of RAF Westland Wessex helicopters also operated from Salalah.
On 17 April 1972, a battalion of the SAF made a helicopter landing to capture a position codenamed "Simba" at Sarfait near the border with the PDRY. The captured position overlooked the rebels' supply lines along the coastal plain, but did not block them. Although the demands on its transport aircraft and helicopters to maintain the post at Sarfait forced the SAF to abandon some positions in the eastern Jebel, Sarfait was nevertheless retained for four years.
Defeat of the rebellion.
As a result of the various measures undertaken by the Omani government, "firqats" and regular SAF, the rebels were being deprived both of local support and supplies from the PDRY. To retrieve the situation, they mounted a major attack on the coastal town of Mirbat during the monsoon season of 1972. On 19 July 1972, at the Battle of Mirbat, 250 "Adoo" attacked 100 assorted "Firqat" under training, paramilitary "askars" (armed police) and a detachment of the Special Air Service. In spite of the low khareef cloud cover, air support from Strikemaster aircraft was available, and helicopters landed SAS reinforcements. The "Adoo" were repulsed with heavy losses.
From this point on, the rebel defeat was inevitable, although they defeated an offensive by the SAF in 1973 intended to seal the border with the PDRY and capture the main "Adoo" base in the Shershitti Caves. The "Adoo" earned the respect of their opponents for their resilience and skill.
In January 1974, after several splits and defections, the rebel movement renamed itself the Popular Front for the Liberation of Oman. This public contraction of their aims coincided with a reduction in the support they received from the Soviet Union and China. Meanwhile, the "Adoo" were steadily cleared from the Jebel Qara and Jebel Samhan by "firqats" and were driven into the western part of the Jebel Qamar.
As a result of Sultan Qaboos's diplomatic initiatives, the Shah of Iran had sent an Iranian Army brigade numbering 1,200 and with its own helicopters to assist the Sultan's Armed Forces in 1973. The Iranian brigade first secured the Salalah-Thumrait road. In 1974, the Iranian contribution was expanded into the Imperial Iranian Task Force, numbering 4,000. They attempted to establish another interdiction line, codenamed the "Damavand Line", running from "Manston", a few miles east of Sarfait, to the coast near the border with the PDRY. Heavy opposition from the "adoo", which included artillery fire from within the PDRY, thwarted this aim for several months. Eventually, the town of Rahkyut, which the PFLO had long maintained as the capital of their liberated territory, fell to the Iranian task force.
In July 1975, the SAF launched a second "final" offensive. An attack from "Simba", intended to be a diversion, nevertheless succeeded in descending cliffs and slopes in total height to reach the coast at Dalqhut, and thus finally cut off the "Adoo" from their bases in the PDRY. Other SAF units finally captured Deefa, the Shershitti Caves and other defended positions in the Jebel Qamar. Hawker Hunter aircraft of the Sultan's Air Force, 31 of which had been transferred to the SAF from the Royal Jordanian Air Force, attacked artillery positions in the PDRY. Over the next few months, the remaining rebel fighters surrendered or sought sanctuary in the PDRY.
The Rebellion was finally declared to be defeated in January 1976, although isolated incidents took place as late as 1979.
Foreign involvement.
Baluchis.
The Sultan of Oman had also been the ruler of the port of Gwadur in Balochistan in Pakistan until 1958. Baloch troops formed a substantial part of the Sultan's Army. During the rebellion, Oman sought to hire more Baluchi troops. One act of resistance against this was in 1979 when Hameed Baloch, an activist of the Baloch Students Organization (BSO) tried to shoot at an Omani military officer who was visiting Balochistan to recruit more Baluchi troops. As a leftist organization, the BSO expressed solidarity with the Dhofari rebels. Hameed Baloch was later executed by the Government of Pakistan for the incident, even though the Omani officer was unhurt.

</doc>
<doc id="2926930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926930" title="Cyanamide">
Cyanamide

Cyanamide is an organic compound with the formula CN2H2. This white solid is widely used in agriculture and the production of pharmaceuticals and other organic compounds. It is also used as an alcohol deterrent drug in Canada, Europe and Japan. The molecule features a nitrile group attached to an amino group. Although it is similar in structure to hydrogen cyanide, it is not as toxic. Derivatives of this compound are also referred to as cyanamides, the most common being calcium cyanamide (CaCN2).
Tautomers and self-condensations.
Containing both a nucleophilic and electrophilic site within the same molecule, cyanamide undergoes various reactions with itself. Cyanamide exists as two tautomers, one with the connectivity NCNH2 and the other with the formula HNCNH ("diimide" tautomer). The NCNH2 form dominates, but in a few reactions (e.g. silylation) the diimide form appears to be important.
Cyanamide dimerizes to give 2-cyanoguanidine (dicyandiamide). This decomposition process is disfavored by acids and is inhibited by low temperatures. The trimer is called melamine.
Production, reactions, uses.
Cyanamide is produced by hydrolysis of calcium cyanamide, which in turn is prepared from calcium carbide via the Frank-Caro process.
The conversion is conducted on slurries. Consequently, most commercial cyanamide is sold as an aqueous solution. 
The main reaction exhibited by cyanamide involves additions of compounds containing an acidic proton. Water, hydrogen sulfide, and hydrogen selenide react with cyanamide to give urea, thiourea, and selenourea, respectively:
In this way, cyanamide behaves as a dehydration agent and thus can induce condensation reactions. Alcohols, thiols, and amines react analogously to give alkylisoureas, "pseudothioureas," and guanidines. The anti-ulcer drug cimetidine is generated using such reactivity. Related reactions exploit the bifunctionality of cyanamide to give heterocycles, and this latter reactivity is the basis of several pharmaceutical syntheses such as the aminopyrimidine imatinib) and agrichemicals Amitrol (3-Amino-1,2,4-triazole) and Hexazinone. The hair-loss treatment Minoxidil and the anthelmintic (worm-killing) drugs Albendazole, Flubendazole, and Mebendazole feature 2-aminoimidazole substructures derived from cyanamide.
Cyanamide is a common agricultural rest-breaking agent applied in spring to stimulate uniform opening of buds, early foliation and bloom. Cyanamide can effectively compensate for the moderate lack of chilling units accumulated in the previous autumn and save the harvest that would otherwise be lost. It is particularly effective for woody plants such as berries, grapes, apples, peaches and kiwis. Overdosage, high concentration and error in timing of application can damage the buds (especially of peach trees).
Environmental aspects.
Cyanamide degrades via hydrolysis to urea, an excellent fertilizer. Fungi, like "Myrothecium verrucaria", accelerates this process utilizing the enzyme cyanamide hydratase.
Safety.
Cyanamide has a modest toxicity in humans. Workplace exposure to hydrogen cyanamide sprays or exposure in people living in the vicinity of spraying have been reported as causing respiratory irritation, contact dermatitis, headache, and gastrointestinal symptoms of nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea.

</doc>
<doc id="2926932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926932" title="Jonas Gahr Støre">
Jonas Gahr Støre

Jonas Gahr Støre (born 25 August 1960) is a Norwegian politician and the leader of the Labour Party. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs 2005–2012 and as Minister of Health and Care Services 2012–2013. He has been a member of the Storting since 2009, and has been deputy chair of the Standing Committee on Finance and Economic Affairs since 2013.
Støre studied political science at Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris from 1981 to 1985. He worked for Gro Harlem Brundtland as adviser and later director general at the Prime Minister's Office from 1989 to 1997. He was Executive director at the World Health Organization from 1998 to 2000 and Secretary General of the Norwegian Red Cross from 2003 to 2005.
Early life and education.
Born in Oslo, Jonas Gahr Støre is the son of ship broker Ulf Jonas Støre (1925-) and librarian Unni Gahr (1931-). 
He attended Berg School in Oslo, then underwent naval officer training at the Royal Norwegian Naval Academy. He later studied political science for five years at the Sciences Po in Paris. He enrolled as a PhD student at the London School of Economics but withdrew after a few weeks.
Støre started his professional career as a teaching fellow in the Harvard Negotiation Project at Harvard Law School in 1986. This was followed by a position as a researcher at the Norwegian School of Management from 1986 to 1989.
Career in public administration and organizations.
He was previously affiliated with the Conservative Party () having applied for a position as political advisor on foreign affairs for Høyre. He was offered the job but subsequently turned it down. In 1989, Støre became special adviser in the Prime Minister's office of Gro Harlem Brundtland. He eventually became her "right hand". He formally became a member of the Labour Party in 1995.
He later became an ambassador in the Norwegian Delegation to the United Nations Office at Geneva. His first major international position was as Executive Director (Chief of Staff) in the World Health Organization under the leadership of Gro Harlem Brundtland.
He was Executive Chairman of the think tank ECON Analyse from 2002 to 2003 and Secretary General of the Norwegian Red Cross from 2003 to 2005.
Political career.
Foreign Minister.
In 2005, Støre was appointed foreign minister in Jens Stoltenberg's government, serving in that position until 2012. Numerous polls showed that Støre was the most popular member of the Stoltenberg government.
Health Minister.
From 2012 to 2013, Støre served as Minister of Health.
Member of Parliament.
In the 2009 general election in Norway, Støre was elected to the Norwegian parliament, Stortinget, and represents Oslo. He was reelected in 2013.
Leader of the Labour Party.
On 14 June 2014, he was elected leader of the Labour Party, succeeding Jens Stoltenberg, who had been appointed Secretary-General of NATO.
Hotel Serena attack.
On 14 January 2008, a suicide bomber struck the Serena Hotel in Kabul, Afghanistan, where Støre was staying. Støre was unhurt in the incident, which killed six people including Norwegian journalist Carsten Thomassen. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon stated that Støre was the target of the attack, but this claim was rejected by a Taliban spokesperson. Støre canceled the rest of his visit to Afghanistan the day after the attack.
2011 Norway attacks.
Anders Behring Breivik, the perpetrator of the 2011 Norway attacks, stated that Støre was one of his main targets.
Personal life.
He is married to sociologist Marit Slagsvold, and they have three sons, who attended Oslo Waldorf School. Støre is a professed Christian and both he and his wife are noted as supporters of Waldorf education and active within the anthroposophic community in Oslo more broadly.
Støre is a multi-millionaire, with a fortune of around (approx. in 2008). He owns 25% of the family-owned company Trestø and part of Femstø, another company owned by the Støre family. Trestø has a 5% share in the company Clipper Skagen DA and a 1% share in Clipper Viking DA. Both companies are run by Solvang ASA and own three LNG carriers, Clipper Harald, Clipper Viking and Clipper Skagen.

</doc>
<doc id="2926943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926943" title="Saraswatpur">
Saraswatpur

Saraswatpur is an area that is part of Dharwad city of Karnataka state, India.Saraswatpur is localted on top of hillock besotted with old bungalows and garden in front of them.Saraswatpur is near to Malmaddi, another locality of Dharwad.The name is derived because of concentration of Saraswat Brahmins in the area . Saraswatpur has been developed to an urban locality in the recent years. Being very close to some educational institutions like SDM College of Engineering and Technology helped the rapid development of this place. Also it is very near to the century old Dharwad Railway station. Famous personalities like Girish Karnad and Leena Chandavarkar hail from this area.One of the Unit office of National Projects Construction Corporation Limited, ( KREIS North Unit ) is situated here.

</doc>
<doc id="2926944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926944" title="Intercultural learning">
Intercultural learning

Intercultural learning is an area of research, study and application of knowledge about different cultures, their differences and similarities. On the one hand, it includes a theoretical and academic approach (see e.g. "Developmental Model of Intercultural Sensitivity (DMIS)" by Milton Bennett, Dimensions of Culture by Geert Hofstede). On the other hand, it comprises practical applications such as learning to negotiate with people from different cultures, living with people from different cultures, living in a different culture and the prospect of peace between different cultures.
Currently, intercultural learning is a topic which receives much interest. This is mainly due to the rise of cultural studies and globalization. Culture has become an instrument for social interpretation and communicative action. Intercultural learning is primarily important in the context of the foreign language classroom.
Basic training modules include:
Definition.
The main goal of intercultural learning is seen as the development of intercultural competence, which is the ability to act and relate appropriately and effectively in various cultural contexts:
Intercultural competence is generally thought to require three components on the learner's side: a certain skillset, culturally sensitive knowledge, and a motivated mindset. In greater detail, the skills, values, and attitudes that constitute intercultural competence include
The teacher's task is to induce the learning of all in these aspects in the learner. Being successful, intercultural learning results in culturally competent learners.
Theories on approaching Culture.
In the context of intercultural learning, it is important to be aware of different subcategories of culture, such as "little c" and "big C" culture. While the latter one is also called "objective culture" or "formal culture" referring to institutions, big figures in history, literature, etc., the first one, the "subjective culture", is concerned with the less tangible aspects of a culture, like everyday patterns. In intercultural learning, a mixture of these two is to be employed, but it is especially the apprehension of subjective culture that triggers the development of intercultural competence.
Also, it is important to differentiate between "culture-specific" and "culture-general" approaches when intercultural learning is concerned:
Intercultural learning requires the teacher to employ a mix of "culture-specific" and "culture-general" approaches in order to address the larger issues of ethnocentrism, cultural self-awareness, etc. because intercultural competence cannot be achieved by the single acquisition of knowledge about a specific culture or the pure ability to behave properly in that culture.
The MUSIC Intercultural Model was designed by Jon Jeeves in 1996 to help businesses become more aware and effective when dealing with people from different cultures. The name for the model is an acronym and is based on five cultural dimensions, which through research and practical experience of international projects, have shown to represent the major value differences with conflict potential in global business.
The model compliments research from Hall, Trompenaars and Hofstede in addition to the validation and refinement carried out by Jon Jeeves and his ongoing work with international teams.
The five categories are:
1. Matrix of Relationships
2. Uncertainty Tolerance
3. Sequencing of Time
4. I and We
5. Communication Context
Contexts for intercultural learning in the classroom.
Contexts that are seen as appropriate for intercultural learning in the classroom are those which promote the acquisition of intercultural competence consisting of the components mentioned above. Examples:
Cultural Differences in Learning.
Of particular importance to intercultural learning is understanding cultural differences in learning processes. Intercultural learning programs could benefit greatly from the analysis of cultural trends in these processes. By doing so, educators can see how indigenous people of America are affected by classroom norms. In indigenous American ways of learning, children are included in the community and have lots of experience collaborating with each other and adults in productive ways.
Analysis of cultural differences in learning can provide new and useful insight that can be applied to intercultural learning practice. In other words, learning trends in students’ cultural backgrounds can be used by teachers to create more well informed pedagogy. For example, if indigenous American or indigenous-heritage American students were in an intercultural learning program, teachers could communicate knowledge by creating a more collaborative setting, and by adjusting pace of speech to be consistent with the students'.
Activities.
As with most activities employed in the classroom, activities for intercultural learning are supposed to keep the affective domain of learning in mind, that is, they are to keep the students motivated and enable them to somehow identify with topic that is dealt with. For intercultural learning this is especially true because this field is likely to turn into a delicate matter.
Future prospects - What is to be done?
The concept of intercultural learning aiming at the development of intercultural competence also requires a new understanding of the teacher him/herself. S/He is no longer a mere communicator of knowledge, but a mediator and moderator, and has to be educated accordingly. In times of globalization and hope for peace, this issue needs to be researched further and remain of huge interest.

</doc>
<doc id="2926948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926948" title="Closed-cell PVC foamboard">
Closed-cell PVC foamboard

Closed-cell PVC foamboard is a lightweight rigid material used primarily in the manufacture of signs and displays. It is considered robust for outdoor use, being immune to rain and resistant to wind and sunlight.
History.
In 1912, the first patents for PVC were founded in Britain and Germany. It was not until the early 1930s that PVC was able to be produced cheaply, limiting its marketable applications for the time. World War II helped make the substance popular, as manufacturers used it to make an assortment of items for soldiers. It was here that PVC’s water resistance was shown to be an important property, and tools made from PVC were used in many marine applications. After the war, PVC was not a popular choice of materials in the marine industry due to its density. In the 1970s, the need for a strong, moisture-resistant material led to plastic manufactures working with PVC to make it lighter. This led to the creation of PVC foamboard, by combining PVC with polyurea at the molecular level.
Processing.
PVC foamboard is made up of an interpenetrating polymer network between PVC and Polyurea. Now, the manufacturing process has become much more involved. First, Polyvinyl chloride and polyurea are mixed together under controlled conditions. The mixture is then dispensed into a mold (commonly square as to make the foamboards). The filled mold is sealed by clamping the sides shut and then put into a large press where it is heated. After, a slab of solid material emerges the mold. The material then undergoes a hot bath in order to expand it to a final density and is cured. The material is then ready to be cut into sheets of varying sizes and thickness, depending on purchaser requirements.
Properties.
PVC foamboard is distinct from the extra-lightweight foamcore board, laminated of foam and card surfaces, used for indoor signage and modelling. Like PVC, closed-cell PVC foamboard is solid and has a very rigid structure. Where it differs is in its closed-cell foam structure, which makes it very light (as little as half the weight of solid PVC), highly resistant to moisture and some chemicals, and very easy to cut and shape. It also has thermoplastic properties, and begins to soften at around . Typically, closed-cell PVC foamboard can be cut as easily as wood, softened and shaped by immersing in boiling water or with a standard heat gun, and painted with standard automobile paints. In addition, Closed-cell PVC foamboard is made up of polarized molecules otherwise known as dipoles. It has a very low moisture absorption. The mixture of Polyvinyl chloride and polyurea has a good bond strength. Closed-cell PVC foam takes solid shape due to its linear structure. However, due to this structure, it is more brittle than open-celled PVC foam. It is available in densities varying from 3 pcf to 25 pcf (pounds per cubic foot). 
However, there are issues using PVC that can affect one's health and safety when in use.
Common uses.
Closed-cell PVC foamboard is mainly used for industrial and manufacturing purposes. This material is primarily used in the manufacturing of signs and displays which are used for promotion adds. Closed-cell PVC can also utilized in the production of the many road signs seen around the country. In addition, its material properties have made it extremely popular among the makers of Scale models and Theatrical props. Builders who create yachts and composites used for experimental aircraft are typically found using PVC foamboard. The reasons for using closed-cell PVC foamboard is simply due to the many properties that make the material more appealing to manufacturing and industrial companies. This type of PVC foamboard is very well resistant to the damaging affects of rain, wind, and sunlight. Due to these factors, this material is perfect for every day used products or for products that will most likely be damaged without the protection of the closed-cell PVC foamboard product.
Issues.
One drawback to PVC materials is that hot working them produces noxious fumes containing hydrochloric acid and potentially even dioxins. These are a respiratory hazard in a workshop, and the acid fumes are so serious that they may damage equipment. Some heat-based processes, notably laser cutting, are generally considered impossible, owing to the equipment risk. Where PVC materials are cut by laser, this is a highly specialized process requiring adapted machines and acid-specific fume extraction and filtering.
References.
BoDen Group PVC Foam Board Branch Inc - Led-free, Non-taxic PVC Foam Board Maker In China.

</doc>
<doc id="2926950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926950" title="Sim Lim Square">
Sim Lim Square

Sim Lim Square (Chinese: 森林商业中心), commonly referred to as SLS, is a large retail complex that offers a wide variety of electronic goods and services ranging from DVDs, cameras, phones, video cameras, and computer parts and servicing.
Located at 1 Rochor Canal Road, Singapore, SLS is opposite to historic features such as the Little India district and close to one of the earliest HDB developments. SLS is accessible via MRT at Bugis or Little India MRT stations.
Shop types.
Sim Lim City also known as Sim Lim Square is located near to Bugis village in central Singapore. The complex itself is a six level building with a range of many varied electronic supply and service shops. The centre operates away from the main shopping areas of Singapore and as such can be seen as an area for bargains to be gained with cheap and inexpensive goods. Examples of this can include phones, laptops, computer parts, cameras and other electronic devices.
CASE (Consumer Association of Singapore) often publishes advisory against rogue vendors in SLS.
Scam tactics.
Many shops, particularly those on lower levels selling games, cameras and mobiles, in Sim Lim Square resort to scam tactics to reap higher profits. Unwary shoppers might fall into the traps of unscrupulous sellers. In early 2008, some SLS shops were busted by the police for selling counterfeit copies of Microsoft Windows.
Redress for scam victims.
Scam victims may seek redress through the Sim Lim Square management (who certifies honest retailers through its Star Retailer program), CASE (Consumer Association of Singapore) or the Small Claims Court.

</doc>
<doc id="2926953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926953" title="Daniel Macmillan, Viscount Macmillan of Ovenden">
Daniel Macmillan, Viscount Macmillan of Ovenden

Daniel Maurice Alan Macmillan, Viscount Macmillan of Ovenden (born 9 October 1974) is the heir apparent to Alexander Macmillan, 2nd Earl of Stockton. As heir apparent to an earldom, he holds his father's secondary title of Viscount Macmillan of Ovenden as a courtesy title. 
Viscount Macmillan is a great-grandson of the former Prime Minister Harold Macmillan, 1st Earl of Stockton. 
He grew up at Birch Grove, the family home in Sussex, and was educated at Eton College, and the Parsons School of Design, New York.
In 2003 he designed and launched the Zoltar fashion label with Kieron Livingstone as creative director. Prior to that, he had his own fashion label, 'Macvillain'. 
In addition to his clothing label, Macmillan has worked as a model, an actor, and photographer. He is said to have dated Kate Moss and Jade Jagger.
Macmillan does not plan on entering the family publishing business, after his father sold it to a German publisher in the 1990s. He is heir to a £200 million fortune. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926958" title="Colombiana (disambiguation)">
Colombiana (disambiguation)

Colombiana is a 2011 French-American action film.
Colombiana may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926979" title="The Kinks discography">
The Kinks discography

The recording career of the English rock group the Kinks spanned more than 30 years between 1964 and 1996. In that time the group released 25 studio albums and had many hit singles including three UK number one singles starting in 1964 with Hard Rock hit "You Really Got Me" which subsequently influenced Heavy Metal music in the 1970s, they had 18 Top 40 singles in the 1960s alone and further Top 40 hits in the 1970s and 1980s. 
The Kinks music often focuses on everyday subjects for working class people in Britain and are known for their poetic lyrics about subjects like fashion followers in "Dedicated Follower of Fashion", poverty in "Dead End Street" and environment issues in "Apeman."
References.
^ Discography including recording info<br>
^ Kinks retrospective review article in Creem magazine including some US charting and sales Information<br>
^ Ray Davies official website<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2926992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926992" title="Brassy, Somme">
Brassy, Somme

Brassy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

</doc>
<doc id="2927004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927004" title="Pabstiella">
Pabstiella

Pabstiella is a small orchid genus belonging to the subfamily Epidendroideae. They occur in Central and Tropical America.
While the "Checklist of Monocotyledons" of Kew Botanical Gardens (2005) considers "Pabstiella" as an accepted name, it is considered a synonym of "Pleurothallis" by the "Vascular plant families and genera" (R.K. Brummitt, 1992). The synonym "Anthereon" Pridgeon & M. W. Chase is a "nom. illeg." because it includes the type of the earlier accepted name "Pabstiella" 

</doc>
<doc id="2927014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927014" title="Run London">
Run London

Run London (2001- 2009) is an annual 10 km run (or series of runs), organised by Nike and held within London, UK. The events are unique in having different themes and marketing campaigns each year.
Events.
2001 - Kew Gardens.
The run took place on Sunday July 22 with approximately 10,000 runners taking part, all wearing pink running shirts. 
2002 - Richmond Park.
The theme of the run was based upon the Chicken and the Egg, with the slogans "Which came first?" and "I'll do it if you do it." The run took place on Sunday September 22 and approximately 20,000 runners all clad in yellow nike t-shirts took part.
2003 - Richmond Park.
The run took place on Sunday September 7. The theme revolved around runners choosing one of three available virtual coaches: Paula, O'Keefe and Carter, each with their own unique style and set of slogans. Paula, based on Paula Radcliffe, was a dedicated and serious athlete who wanted runners to be like her and push the boundaries at every opportunity. Carter, a long haired and bearded hippy, was the 'holistic' runner who wanted runners to love running and running to love them. O'Keefe, a militarian figure armed with a megaphone, was a hard man who did not suffer fools in his training, he claimed to not let runners stop until they had shed blood, sweat and tears.
The run's t-shirts were light blue with the image and slogan of the runner's chosen coach, as were the finishing medals. An estimated 30,000 runners participated.
2004 - Nocturnal.
The theme of the run was to "Go Nocturnal" and took place on the streets of London on the night of Sunday November 28. 30,000 runners, wearing luminous yellow long-sleeved running tops braved the near winter conditions on a route that started in Surrey Quays shopping centre, through Bermondsey, along the River Thames, turning on Tower Bridge, before ending in Southwark Park.
2005 - All Year.
This year's slogan was "I will run a year" with Nike arranging for runs to take place throughout the year in a range of different parks and routes.
Main Run.
The main 10K run took place simultaneously in Battersea, Hyde and Victoria parks on Sunday October 16. An estimated 35,000 runners took part, all wearing bright red t-shirts.The race is 2nd in popularity after the London British 10K.
Run November.
Run November was a 5K run through Crystal Palace park finishing at Crystal Palace Athletics stadium. It took place on Sunday 27 November, and given the temperature and location it was no surprise that the attendance was a fraction of that for the main run.
Run January.
Run January took place on January 29 in Regents Park. It was a series of 5k runs one every half an hour between 10 and 1pm.
Run March'
Run March was in Gunnersbury Park, West London on 26 March, the day the clocks were put forward 1 hour signalling the start of Spring. This was a 5K event with two laps of a loop in the course before a long run out to the finish, similar to a figure 6.
Run May
Run May was another 5K timed event taking place in Victoria Park, East London on 21 May. 
Run July
The final chapter in the Run London "Run A Year" series. Finsbury Park was the setting for the last 5K, held on 16 July in the hot summer of 2006. Paula Radcliffe supported the event by competing and signing numerous t-shirts at the finish.
"I Ran A Year"
Runners who completed 4 of the 5 courses received a commemorative t-shirt with the logo "I Ran A Year" on the front and the number " 3 6 5 " on the rear.
2006 - North Vs South.
This year's event consisted of runners from the North and the South of London competing against each other around a 10k circuit in London's Hyde Park. The average time was calculated for all runners in both teams to determine the winner. The race was held in four waves: wave one starting at 10.15, wave two at 11.05, wave three at 11.55 and wave four at 12.45. Runners from the North were wearing Green shirts and were supported by Paula Radcliffe. Sebastion Coe was cheering on the South, who wore Orange shirts. The winning team was the South, with an average time of 56 minutes 09 seconds. The average time for the North was 56 m 26secs.
2007 - no race.
This year's event was skipped with the tagline:
"What becomes of a habit stops being a challenge. So it's a year off for Run London. A year of running your way."
2008 - London Vs The World.
The 2008 race was launched with the tagline - 
You ran at nightYou ran a yearYou ran for your side of the rivernow its time to take your 10k globalRace the world on Aug 31, 2008.
2009 - no race.
This year's event was skipped with the tagline:
"What becomes of a habit stops being a challenge. So it's a year off for Run London. A year of running your way."

</doc>
<doc id="2927034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927034" title="Maurice de Sully">
Maurice de Sully

Maurice de Sully (died September 11, 1196) was Bishop of Paris from 1160 until his death.
Biography.
He was born of humble parents at Sully-sur-Loire (Soliacum), near Orléans, at the beginning of the twelfth century. He came to Paris towards 1140 and studied for the ecclesiastical state. He soon became known as an able professor of theology and an eloquent preacher. It has been frequently asserted, but without sufficient proof, that he was canon of Bourges. In 1159 he appears as Archdeacon of Paris and on 12 October 1160, largely through the influence of Louis VII, he was elected to succeed Peter Lombard in the episcopal see of that city. The present Cathedral of Notre-Dame stands as a monument to his episcopal administration. Its construction was begun and almost entirely completed under him. Alexander III, in 1163, laid the cornerstone of the magnificent edifice, and in 1185 the Patriarch of Jerusalem, Heraclius, officiated in the completed sanctuary. He also converted the synagogue that stood on the site of the now Église de la Madeleine when seized by Philip II of France from the Jews of Paris in 1182, and duly consecrated it a Church dedicated to Mary Magdalene. Maurice de Sully also rebuilt the episcopal palace in which the nobility and clergy met in 1179 at the coronation of Philip Augustus as joint rider with his father Louis VII. He enjoyed in a high degree the confidence of both rulers, accompanied Louis to his meeting with Frederick Barbarossa at Saint-Jean-de-Losne in 1162, and was one of the guardians of the royal treasury during the crusade (1190).
In the controversy between St. Thomas Becket and King Henry II he energetically defended the former and, in three letters still extant, pleaded his cause with Alexander III. He forbade the celebration of the feast of the Immaculate Conception in his diocese, but is said to have strongly supported by appeals to Holy Writ (Job, xix, 25-27) the doctrine of the resurrection of bodies, against some sceptical noblemen. Although he retained the administration of his diocese, he retired, late in life, to the monastery of Saint-Victor, where he died. Maurice de Sully is the author of a treatise on the Canon of the Mass, preserved in manuscript at Bourges. Numerous sermons, some in Latin, others in vernacular, are also attributed to him. Those written in the Latin tongue were not directly destined for the people, but rather for the use and study of the clergy. The French sermons do not seem to be in their present form the original work of Maurice de Sully; they are more commonly considered as reproductions made by ecclesiastics from his Latin collection. No critical edition of these sermons has yet been published; his three letters to Alexander III are printed in P. L., CC, 1419–22, as are also some of his official documents (CCV, 897-914).

</doc>
<doc id="2927039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927039" title="Ecgonine">
Ecgonine

Ecgonine (tropane derivative) is a tropane alkaloid found naturally in coca leaves. It has a close structural relation to cocaine: it is both a metabolite and a precursor, and as such, it is a controlled substance, as are all known substances which can be used as precursors to ecgonine itself.
Structurally, ecgonine is a cycloheptane derivative with a nitrogen bridge. It is obtained by hydrolysis of cocaine with acids or alkalis, and crystallizes with one molecule of water, the crystals melting at 198–199 °C. It is levorotary, and on warming with alkalis gives iso-ecgonine, which is dextrorotary.
It is a tertiary base, and has the properties of an acid and an alcohol. It is the carboxylic acid corresponding to tropine, for it yields the same products on oxidation, and by treatment with phosphorus pentachloride is converted into anhydroecgonine, C9H13NO2, which, when heated to 280 °C with hydrochloric acid, eliminates carbon dioxide and yields tropidine, C8H13N.

</doc>
<doc id="2927047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927047" title="General Instrument AY-3-8910">
General Instrument AY-3-8910

The AY-3-8910 is a 3-voice Programmable Sound Generator (PSG) designed by General Instrument, initially for use with their 16-bit CP1610 or one of the PIC1650 series of 8-bit microcomputers. The AY-3-8910 and its variants became popular chips in many arcade games, and were used on, among others, the Intellivision and Vectrex video game consoles and the MSX, Amstrad CPC, Oric 1, Colour Genie, Elektor TV Games Computer and Sinclair ZX Spectrum 128/+2/+3 home computers as well as the Mockingboard sound card for the Apple II family. It was also produced under license by Yamaha (with minor modifications, i.e. a selectable clock divider pin, and a double-resolution but double-rate volume envelope table) as the YM2149F; the Atari ST uses this version.
It produced very similar results to the Texas Instruments SN76489 and was on the market for a similar period.
After General Instrument's spinoff of Microchip Technology in 1987, the chip was produced for a few years under the Microchip Technology brand instead.
The chips are no longer made, but a declining stock is still obtainable for servicing vintage machines. A VHDL equivalent description has been written, for use in FPGA recreations of arcade machines and others like those mentioned above. The VHDL source code is available on the Internet, and compiles to fill about 10% of a Xilinx XC2S300 FPGA.
Description.
The AY-3-8910 was essentially a state machine, with the state being set up in a series of sixteen 8-bit registers. These were programmed over an 8-bit bus that was used both for addressing and data by toggling one of the external pins. For instance, a typical setup cycle would put the bus into "address mode" to select a register, and then switch to "data mode" to set the contents of that register. This bus was implemented natively on GI's own CPUs, but it had to be recreated in glue logic or with the help of an additional interface adapter such as the MOS Technology 6522 when the chip was used with the much more common MOS Technology 6502 or Zilog Z80 CPUs.
Six registers controlled the pitches produced in the three primary channels. The wavelength to generate was held in two eight-bit registers dedicated to each channel, but the value was limited to 12-bits for other reasons, for a total of 4095 (the register value is used as the frequency divider and 0 is treated as 1) different pitches. Another register controlled the period of a pseudo-random noise generator, while another controlled the mixing of this noise into the three primary channels.
Three additional registers controlled the volume of the channels, as well as turning on or off the optional envelope controls on them. Finally the last three registers controlled the times of the ADSR envelope controller, by setting the lengths of time for each stage of the cycle. Unlike most systems, the 8910 used fixed times for the sustain and release, and a repeatable attack and decay pattern. For instance, the system could repeat the AD cycle of the sound over and over, or alternately invert it, starting loud and reducing to the sustain level without any attack phase.
Although there are only 16 registers, the four MSB bits of the 8-bit bus must be set to the factory default '0000' value when selecting a register. Incorrectly setting the MSB bits causes the chip to ignore the register change. General Instruments did take orders for customized MSB bits (factory set to other than '0000'). The chips made with customize-set MSB register bits allow the same processor to control more than one AY chip on the same bus (e.g. Mockingbird sound card). There are many new-old-stock (NOS) chips on the secondary market with MSB bits factory set to a non-'0000' value. The non-0000 value can cause significant developmental troubles for designers and repair technicians. Software must be written to identify the correct value of the MSB bits on any given chip. Also, software must be changed or hardware added to allow these factory set MSB chips to be used in place of the default '0000' chips.
The AY-3-8910 generates sound at a sample rate of 111.86 kHz, considered high even for today's standards.
Variants.
The AY-3-8910 has two general-purpose 8-bit parallel I/O ports, A and B, and these are available in the 40-pin package of the same name.
The AY-3-8912 is the same chip in a 28-pin package, with parallel port B simply not connected to any pins. Smaller packages save cost and board space. The 8912 was the most widely used variant.
The AY-3-8913 is the same chip in a 24-pin package, with both parallel ports not connected. Some users thought the small reduction in pin count over the 8912 made it less interesting, however, the I/O registers were rarely used by designers so General Instruments created this fully functional 24 pin alternative and released it approximately 6 months after the 8910 and 8912 chips. The goal was to reduced complexity for the designer and reduce the foot print on the PCB.
The Yamaha YM2149F 'SSG' chip has the same pinout as the AY-3-8910, with the minor difference that pin 26 could halve the master clock if pulled low. If left unconnected, as it would be if replacing an AY-3-8910 chip, an internal resistor pulls the pin high, so the master clock is not halved.
The Yamaha YM3439 is a CMOS version of the YM2149F. 
It exist in two packages: 40-pin DIP (YM3439-D) and 44-pin QFP (YM3439-F).
The Yamaha YMZ294 is one of the newest variants of the YM2149, but in an 18-pin package. Has no parallel ports and only one sound output with the three channels mixed.
The Yamaha YMZ284 is an even smaller variation of the YM2149, in a 16-pin package. It's basically YMZ294 without the 4/8 MHz selection pin and the /TEST pin.
The Yamaha YMZ285 has a 28-pin package and features a built-in PCM. Has no parallel ports and two sound outputs: one with the three SSG channels mixed, other with the PCM output.
The Winbond WF19054 and the File KC89C72 have the same pinout of the AY-3-8910 and are 100% software compatible. They're still in production and used on many Slot machines.
The AY-3-8914 has the same pinout and is in the same 40-pin package as the AY-3-8910, except the control registers on the chip are shuffled around, and the 'expected input' on the A9 pin may be different. Otherwise it is exactly the same as the AY-3-8910. It was used on the Mattel Intellivision.
The AY-3-8930, also known as AY8930, is an enhanced but mostly-backwards-compatible version of the AY-3-8910. The function of the BC2 pin is changed (it is ignored and assumed to be 0 regardless of the pin state), otherwise the pinout is the same as the AY-3-8910. This variant of the chip adds a number of major enhancements, such as separate envelopes for the three channels (as opposed to one shared envelope), variable duty-cycles, more bits of precision for note frequency, volume, and envelope frequency, and a much more configurable noise generator. It was used on the Covox Sound Master sound card for the IBM-PC. Very few games took advantage of it beyond the normal AY-3-8910 features. This chip may have only been produced by Microchip Technology.
Advanced techniques.
Although the chip wasn't designed to handle raw PCM data (digital sound), the effect could be simulated. The chip used a simple OR based mixing function for combining noise and tone on its three channels and could be persuaded to produce a level non-zero wave. By altering the volume this level wave could be shaped into a waveform. Obviously, this involved more CPU usage than chips designed for this purpose (such as the MOS Technology 8364 "Paula" as used in the Commodore Amiga), but it was nevertheless a technique widely used on platforms such as the Atari ST and less frequently the Amstrad CPC to play sampled music, and on the ZX Spectrum 128 and MSX to play short audio samples, in some games.
Doing the same thing fewer times per second (in the order of 30 to 300 per second) allows the use of an arbitrary software-defined envelope on each of the three channels individually. This takes negligible CPU power (provided there is some timer interrupt or vertical blank interrupt) and can be used in games.
In turn, the now useless envelope functionality can be set to very high frequency, actually generating a waveform that is not the usual square wave, thanks to the timbre-altering effects of amplitude modulation. However, to obtain harmonic results, the modulating envelope must be related to the pitch of the desired note, and because the granularity by which high-frequency envelopes can be set is low, music composed for the chip generally uses this technique only for bass lines.
Another method was to set one channel output to idle high, then use the volume control as a simple logarithmic 4-bit Digital-to-Analog Converter. This however resulted in poor audio quality, because it only had 16 output levels and these were logarithmically spaced.
A more sophisticated method was to use all three channels wired together, and exploit the non-linearity of the mixing to produce many intermediate output levels. Having modeled the non-linearity of the three channels, developers had to find suitable values by exhaustive search. Having done so, they produced an 8-bit to 3×4-bit lookup table. This allowed 8-bit audio samples to be played fairly adequately, though not as well as a real 8-bit D/A converter. The problem of this technique is that the player cannot change the volume of the three channels as a single operation. This implies unwanted output levels between two successive samples.
In 2006, two MSX developers created an advanced encoder that converts a wave file to optimal PSG channel transitions using a Viterbi search. They replayed a 44.1 kHz wave file on a 23-year-old MSX and achieved a higher signal-to-noise ratio than an 8-bit DAC. The Viterbi search is rather CPU intensive, so even though it would have been theoretically possible to use this method already in the 80's, there were no computers powerful enough to perform the analysis required.
The AY chip has been used by a number of groups, such as the AY Riders (see external link below). Some of the works by such groups are in the style of computer game music from the era, while others are art music in their own right.
Some programs have been created specifically for writing AY chip music, such as Vortex Tracker.
Related chips.
Yamaha used the YM2149 core to produce a whole family of music chips which were used in mobile phones, home computers, home and arcade video game systems, etc. For example, the YM2203 (also known as OPN) is a YM2149 plus FM. As well as its far more advanced successors: the YM2608 (also known as OPNA) which retained all previous features and greatly expanded upon those, the YM2612 (also known as OPN2) which was a cut-down YM2608 and removed many features including the YM2149 sound channels and I/O ports, and the YM2610 (OPNB) which added other features and retained the YM2149 sound but not the I/O ports.

</doc>
<doc id="2927049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927049" title="Epiphania, Cilicia">
Epiphania, Cilicia

Epiphania was a city in Cilicia Secunda (Cilicia Trachea), in Anatolia.
The city was originally called Oiniandos, and was located in the area of the famous Gülek Pass (Cilician Gates).In the 2nd century BC the city was renamed Epiphania, in honour of Antiochus IV Epiphanes, King of Syria from 175 BC to 164 BC.
The city is mentioned in the writings of Ptolemy and Pliny the Elder. Cicero stayed there briefly during his exile. In 66 BC the Roman general Pompey led a campaign against the mediterranean pirates. After the surrender of the pirates, they were dispersed and many were settled at Epiphania.
According to Gibbon, Saint George was born here, in a fuller's shop [http://www.worldwideschool.org/library/books/hst/roman/TheDeclineandFallofTheRomanEmpire-2/chap41.html], in the late 4th century. Saint Amphion was the earliest known bishop of Epiphania in 325, as a suffragan of the Bishop of Anazarbus. He attended the First Council of Nicaea in 325, and later suffered under the persecutions of Diocletian. 
Today its ruins include the remains of walls, a temple, an acropolis, an aqueduct, and many houses, all built in basalt.

</doc>
<doc id="2927053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927053" title="List of Relapse Records artists">
List of Relapse Records artists

The following is a list of bands, past and present, who have had recordings released on the Relapse Records label (this list includes artists on the Release Entertainment subsidiary as well as artists from the now defunct merger w/Nuclear Blast America during the 1990s):
Affiliated artists.
"Largely artists for whom the label have either reissued old releases of or for whom Relapse are the licensees for the North American market"

</doc>
<doc id="2927057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927057" title="Kettcar">
Kettcar

Kettcar is an indie rock music band based in Hamburg, Germany. The band has released four studio albums. The band released their fourth album, "Zwischen den Runden", on February 10, 2012. The band name is derived from the Kettcar, a riding toy produced by Kettler since 1962.
History.
Marcus Wiebusch of ...But Alive and bass player Reimer Bustorff, who were both members of the ska band Rantanplan, decided in 2001 to break away from punk's and ska's traditions of aggressive, political lyrics in favor of developing a more emotional, laid-back style. Together with Erik Langer (guitar), Frank Tirado-Rosales (percussion) and Marcus' brother Lars Wiebusch (keyboard), they formed Kettcar as a guitar pop group exploring the experiences of grown men in their lyrics. 
When they failed in finding a label to publish their finished first album ""Du und wieviel von deinen Freunden"", Marcus Wiebusch and Bustorff banded together with Tomte-singer Thees Uhlmann and formed the independent music label Grand Hotel van Cleef out of Wiebusch's own B.A.-Records and Uhlmann's label Hotel van Cleef. In early 2002 ""Du und..."" became the first record to be released by the new label. Its success, while still moderate, exceeded expectations by far and Kettcar became darlings of the German music press.
They managed to record and release the even more successful second album ""Von Spatzen und Tauben, Dächern und Händen"". On 18 April 2008 Kettcar released their third album called "Sylt" and debuted at number 5 in the German album charts. On 31 August 2008, she played at the Club Kampnagel a sunrise concert with acoustic versions of some of their titles, supported by a string quartet. A recording of this concert is the main part of the DVD Live at Kampnagel - 5:43 am, which appeared in fall 2009. In November 2009 they came back with this program, supported by strings, the Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt, on a six-concert tour. From the concert tour in the temporary buildings in Hamburg appeared on 22 January 2010 an eponymous live album on CD and vinyl, which contains the songs of the concert without the intervening announcements. In June 2010, Frank Tirado-Rosales known that he is leaving the band in order to pursue other projects. His successor, Christian Hake, already drummer at the Home of the Lame and Olli Schulz. On 10 February 2012, the band will release their fourth studio album, which will be called "Zwischen den Runden" (In English: between rounds).
Musical style.
Kettcar are classified in the German indie rock and indie pop. The band is often mentioned in connection with the "Hamburger Schule". Following statements by Marcus Wiebusch he does not see this relationship, only the origin is the same. Reimer Bustorff denotes the style itself as guitar pop.

</doc>
<doc id="2927060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927060" title="Alfa Romeo Sprint">
Alfa Romeo Sprint

The Alfa Romeo Sprint is a coupé version of the Alfa Romeo Alfasud, produced by the Italian manufacturer Alfa Romeo from 1976 to 1989. 116,552 units of the Alfasud Sprint and Alfa Romeo Sprint were built in total. The Sprint was sold in Europe, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand.
History.
In 1976, the Alfasud Sprint was launched. Based on the same platform as the Alfasud, it had a lower, more angular design, featuring a hatchback (although no folding rear seats), a more powerful 1,286 cc 75 PS (55 kW) engine and a five-speed gearbox. Like the Alfasud it was styled by Giorgetto Giugiaro. In 1978 the engine choice was upgraded to 1350cc and 1490cc . In 1979, now with twin carburetors and higher compression ratio power was increased to . 
Until 1983, the car was known as the Alfasud Sprint and from then on Alfa Romeo Sprint after the car received a major facelift; to coincide with the release of the Alfa Romeo 33. This involved a multitude of changes, notably a change from chrome to plastic bumpers, new headlamps, a new hood and grille, different materials and some changes to elements in the cabin. The Sprint also received a platform upgrade, which was now the same as that of the Alfa Romeo 33 (1st generation). This means that the Alfa 33 (1st generation) and Sprint 83-89 practically share the same mechanics. This is helpful when finding parts for 2nd generation Sprints, since 10 times more Alfa 33s were produced.
. It was initially available with a 1,350 cc, 1,490 cc, and a later 1,712 cc flat-4 engine, most of which (except the very late 1.7 models) were equipped with double carburetors. The later 1.7 engines were equipped with the same fuel injection system as the Alfa Romeo 33. There were a few prototypes of 2.5 V6 rear mounted engine rear wheel drive Sprints built by Autodelta, but this vehicle never made full serial production (Sprint 6C).
Initially the Sprint had disc brakes all around, the front ones being the inboard brake type. At the front there is independent MacPherson strut suspension, and at the rear a rigid axle with trailing beams and a Panhard rod. From 1984 all Sprints got the Alfa Romeo 33 floorpan and modified front suspension and front brakes (no longer of the inboard type). The rear end now had drum brakes. The Alfa Romeo Sprint was one of the best handling small coupes of its time. Although of only average build-quality, they were fun to drive and very predictable. With the engine mounted over the front wheels and a very low center of gravity due to the flat (boxer) engine, it has a unique way of driving in curves.
The Alfasud Sprint has justifiably been criticized about rust and poor build quality, the rust being a result of both the quality of the cheaply bought Russian steel used for the Alfasuds at the time (which happened to contain quite some impurities), and the method of transporting the unpainted bodyworks through any kind of weather on open trolleys, towards the painting-plant in a separate building. Word has it they often arrived already slightly rusty in named painting-plant, and subsequently still were painted anyway; and without any of the protectives so common nowadays. They were built in a then new car plant in southern Italy, in Pomigliano d'Arco, hence the original 'Sud' moniker which means south. Other Alfa models were still being built in Milano. Alfa Romeo Sprint did not have the quality problems of the Alfasud.
The Sud's penchant for rust gave Alfas in general a bad name in this respect, which until today haunts their reputation; even though their more recent and current cars are not more rust-prone than most other car-brands.
There were a total of 116,552 Sprints produced during its lifespan. 15 of these formed the basis of the Australian-built Giocattolo sports car, which used a mid-mounted Holden 5.0 group A V8 engine.
Design.
The long coupe has a very low profile and is representative of late 70s and 80s Italian car design. A year earlier than the Sprint but from the same drawing board, although with slightly different proportions, another classic 70s design was created - the Volkswagen Golf.
Until 1983 the Alfasud Sprint had stainless steel bumpers, restyling in 1983 brought plastic and lower bumpers, a different grille, and some other upgrades like Italspeed wheels with 8 circles and nonstandard Michelin 340 mm tyres. Depending on equipment, some Sprints had plastic side bumpers and rear spoiler (mainly Quadrifoglio Verde).
The most common was the Zender pack add-in, with lower bumpers and sideskirts, sold mostly in the UK and a few other countries.
Interior.
The Alfa Sprint is a 2+2, with two seats in front and two in the rear. The two front seats came in two versions, an ordinary version and sport version with elongated thigh bolsters. An uncommon feature is the ignition key, which is on the left side of the steering wheel (instead of the more common right). On the middle console there are a few switches for the front and rear fog lamps, the rear window defroster and rear window wiper. Next to this is an analog clock by Jaeger instruments; until 1983, after which it was replaced with a digital one. Underneath are the ventilation control levers, one for hot, a second one for cold air intake, a and third to distribute flow to upper or lower vents. The rear cargo area has a capacity of 425 litres (15 cubic feet), largely due to the high profile at the rear, and it has a leather cover to conceal items from view.
Predecessors and successors.
The Alfa Sprint was a coupe version of the Alfa Romeo Alfasud and it had no direct predecessor or successor. The Alfa Sprint was a small coupe, although some revival ideas came through in the last two decades, its nearest current relative is the Alfa Romeo GT (which is derived from the Alfa 147 and 156).
Racing.
The Alfa Sprint used to be a very popular racing car in the late 70s until 1983. Sprint Trofeo was a well known European GT competition in those years. Still, Alfa Sprints are being used in significant numbers as racing cars, mostly in historic cups or hill climbing races, its popularity mainly due to its good handling capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="2927061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927061" title="Funan DigitaLife Mall">
Funan DigitaLife Mall

Funan DigitaLife Mall (Chinese: 福南数码活力广场), also known as Funan The IT Mall (Chinese: 福南科技广场) or simply Funan Centre (Chinese: 福南中心), is a shopping centre located near the Civic District in Singapore. Specialising in electronics and IT-related goods, it is a more upmarket competitor of Sim Lim Square, the latter of which caters more to the general masses.
The mall opened in 1985 as Funan Centre as a general shopping centre, but began to attract a critical mass of electronic and IT retailers over the years. Its main and long-time anchor tenant is Challenger Superstore, a major homegrown IT store established in 1984. In 1992, the mall was refurbished. It later adopted the name Funan The IT Mall in 1997 to reflect its current focus on IT related outlets. In 2005, the mall received minor upgrades, and was again renamed to Funan DigitaLife Mall.
There are a total of 178 outlets spread over six floors. Challenger Superstore occupies almost the entirety of the sixth floor, and is accompanied by other anchor tenants such as Harvey Norman in the other floors.

</doc>
<doc id="2927063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927063" title="Katharine Macmillan, Viscountess Macmillan of Ovenden">
Katharine Macmillan, Viscountess Macmillan of Ovenden

Katharine Macmillan, Viscountess Macmillan of Ovenden, DBE (born 4 January 1921 as The Honourable Katharine Margaret Alice Ormsby-Gore) is the daughter of the 4th Baron Harlech and granddaughter of the 4th Marquess of Salisbury.
On 22 August 1942, she married Conservative politician Maurice Macmillan, making her the daughter-in-law of fellow Conservative politician Harold Macmillan, who would serve as prime minister from 1957 to 1963.
They had five children together:
She was Vice-Chairman of the Conservative Party in 1968 and was created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1974. She became Viscountess Macmillan of Ovenden in February 1984 when her father-in-law, former British prime minister Harold Macmillan, accepted a peerage and was created Earl of Stockton. Her husband died the following month, so never inherited the earldom from his father.

</doc>
<doc id="2927080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927080" title="John Gaimes">
John Gaimes

Lieutenant-Commander John Austin Gaimes, DSO, was a submarine commander for the Royal Navy. He died 20 January 1921, at the age of 33, when the HMS "K5" sank with the loss of all hands during a mock battle in the Bay of Biscay.
References.
"The Lost Commander". (24 January 1921). "The Times", p. 12.

</doc>
<doc id="2927081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927081" title="Elaterite">
Elaterite

Elaterite, also known as Aeonite, 'elastic bitumen' or 'mineral caoutchouc'.
Elaterite is a brown hydrocarbon varying somewhat in consistency, being sometimes soft, elastic and sticky, like India rubber, and occasionally hard and brittle. It is usually dark brown in color and slightly translucent. A substance of similar physical character is found in the Coorong district of South Australia, and is hence termed coorongite. It is said to be carcinogenic.
Occurrence in nature.
"Strawberry, Utah, USA: Flows from the ground in a soft elastic form, also exists in the brittle form from various veins in the canyon walls.
"Castleton in Derbyshire:" Windy Knoll Cave. The lead mines of Odin.

</doc>
<doc id="2927091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927091" title="Großvenediger">
Großvenediger

Großvenediger is the main peak of the Venediger Group within the Hohe Tauern mountain range, on the border of the Austrian state of Tyrol (East Tyrol) with Salzburg. It is generally considered to be Austria's fourth highest mountain (although it can be up to sixteenth if every subsidiary summit is counted). The summit, covered by glaciers, is part of the Hohe Tauern National Park.
Name.
Originally known as "Stützerkopf", the name "Großvenediger" () is first recorded from a 1797 border survey. The origin of this name is unclear, probably deriving from Venetian merchants on their way over the mountain passes. An alternative theory is that the view from the summit may reach as far as Venice, some away, however, this is not in accordance with the facts.
The author and mountaineer Ignaz von Kürsinger (1795–1861), one of the first climbers of the Großvenediger in 1840, coined the epithet "weltalte Majestät" (World-old Majesty).
Climbing history.
Several attempts were made in the early 19th century to reach the Großvenediger summit, after the first ascent of the nearby Großglockner in 1800. On 9 August 1828, an expedition of 17 men, including the Habsburg archduke John of Austria, failed in their attempt to climb Großvenediger due to the descent of an avalanche.
It wasn't until 3 September 1841, forty years after the first ascent of the Großglockner, that a team led by Josef Schwab made the first successful attempt on the Großvenediger summit, starting at the northern foot in Neukirchen in the Salzach Valley, climbing up southwards along the Obersulzbach tributary valley and over the Stierlahnerwand. Other members of the team included Ignaz von Kürsinger, Paul Rohregger, Anton von Ruthner and Franz Spitaler. Of the 40 participants, only 26 finally reached the summit, the others having stayed back due to fatigue.
Today several mountain huts serve as basis for summit ascents, though mountaineering on nival level can be dangerous in view of numerous crevasses.

</doc>
<doc id="2927101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927101" title="Nikolay Sklifosovsky">
Nikolay Sklifosovsky

Nikolai Vasilyevich Sklifosovsky (; — ) was a Russian surgeon and physiologist of Ukrainian origin. He was born near the town of Dubasari, which is now in Transnistria. Sklifosovsky was a professor of medicine in Saint Petersburg and Kiev. The Moscow Institute of Emergency First Aid, often abbreviated as "Sklif", bears his name since 1923.
In 2001, the Central Bank of Transnistria minted a silver coin honoring this native of today's Transnistria, as part of a series of memorable coins called "The Outstanding People of Pridnestrovie".

</doc>
<doc id="2927114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927114" title="Wilhelmstrasse">
Wilhelmstrasse

Wilhelmstrasse (, see ß) is a major thoroughfare in the central Mitte and Kreuzberg districts of Berlin, Germany. Until 1945, it was recognised as the centre of the government, first of the Kingdom of Prussia, later of the unified German Reich, housing in particular the Reich Chancellery and the Foreign Office. The street's name was thus also frequently used as a metonym for overall German governmental administration, much as the term "Whitehall" is often used to signify the British governmental administration as a whole; in English, "the Wilhelmstrasse" usually referred to the German Foreign Office.
Course.
The Wilhelmstrasse runs south from the Spree riverside through the historic Dorotheenstadt quarter to the Unter den Linden boulevard near Pariser Platz and Brandenburg Gate, where it takes on a line slightly east of south through adjacent Friedrichstadt, until its juncture with Stresemannstrasse near Hallesches Tor in Kreuzberg, an overall distance of about . 
Further south of Unter den Linden it passes the nowadays built-over former Wilhelmplatz vis-à-vis Voss-Strasse, it crosses Leipziger Strasse near Leipziger and Potsdamer Platz, and Niederkirchnerstrasse, known until after World War II as "Prinz-Albrecht-Straße". At its southern end, Wilhelmstrasse originally met with Friedrichstrasse, which runs roughly parallel to the east, on the Belle-Alliance circus, before the street course was westerly redirected to the Stresemannstraße junction about 1970. 
Between Unter den Linden and parallel Behrenstraße, the road is closed for motor vehicles as a protection of the Embassy of the United Kingdom.
History.
Frederick William I, from 1713 King in Prussia and Elector of Brandenburg, had the southwestern Friedrichstadt quarter of his Berlin residence significantly enlarged, whereby the premises up to the Berlin Customs Wall (on present-day Stresemannstrasse) were developed as an affluent residential area. In 1731 the "Husarenstraße" (Street of the Hussars) was built as a north-south thoroughfare of the Baroque city layout, where many Huguenots, who had fled from France, as well as expelled members of the Moravian Church settled. Several personal confidants of the king had large city palaces erected, most notably General Kurt Christoph Graf von Schwerin and the French Baron François Mathieu Vernezobre de Laurieux, who took his residence in the later Prinz-Albrecht-Palais. The street was renamed "Wilhelmstraße" in honour of the king, who had died in 1740.
Government district.
Originally a wealthy residential street, with a number of palaces belonging to members of the Hohenzollern royal family, the Wilhelmstrasse developed as a Prussian government precinct from the mid 19th century. In 1858 King Frederick William IV acquired the former "Palais Schwerin" on No. 73 as the administrative seat of the Prussian minister for the Royal Household, from 1861 led by Alexander von Schleinitz. In 1869 the nearby "Palais Schulenburg" residence of late Prince Antoni Radziwiłł, built in 1738/39 on No. 77, was purchased by the Prussian state government at the behest of Schleinitz' opponent Minister-President Otto von Bismarck. Rebuilt from 1875 until 1878, it served as his official seat as German chancellor. The next door building on No. 76 was used for the chancellery's Foreign Office department. 
Several further governmental departments took their seat on Wilhelmstrasse, such as the Reich Ministry of Finance (No. 61), the Imperial Colonial Office (No. 62), the Prussian state ministry (No. 63), the Reich Ministry of Food and Agriculture (No. 72), and the Reich Ministry of Transport (No. 79, from 1919). The lavish Palais Strousberg of bankrupt "railway king" Bethel Henry Strousberg on No. 70 was bought by Prince Hugo of Hohenlohe in an 1876 auction and rented out to the British ambassador Lord Ampthill, until it was finally purchased by the United Kingdom in 1884. In 1877 the Borsig Palace was erected on the corner with Voss-Strasse.
Weimar Republic and Nazi years.
After World War I the "Palais Schwerin" was sold by exiled Emperor Wilhelm II to the Weimar Republic government and in 1919 became the residence of the first Reich President of Germany, Friedrich Ebert. Until the death of his successor Paul von Hindenburg in 1934, the President's official residence was at "Wilhelmstraße 73", where he could watch the torchlight parade on the night of the Nazi "Machtergreifung" on 30 January 1933, after he had sworn in Adolf Hitler as German chancellor. Hitler addressed the cheering crowds on Wilhelmstasse from a window of a modern chancellery annex building erected in 1930. Styling himself ""Führer" and Reich Chancellor" from 1934, he regarded the residence inadequate and ordered the construction of the vast New Reich Chancellery according to plans designed by Albert Speer. This building, a prime example of Nazi architecture, stood immediately south of the old Chancellery, on the corner of the Wilhelmstrasse and the Voss Strasse, and its official address was "Voßstraße 4". 
The Foreign Office moved into the former Reich President's palace, the old building being refurbished in grandiose style at the behest of Nazi Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop. Vis-à-vis on Wilhelmplatz, the Baroque "Ordenspalais" was refurbished as seat of the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda led by Joseph Goebbels. In 1935/36 his party fellow Hermann Göring had the huge Ministry of Aviation cedifice designed by Ernst Sagebiel built on the corner with Leipziger Strasse. The adjacent "Prinz-Albrecht-Palais" in the south became notorious as the seat of the "Sicherheitsdienst" of the "Reichsführer-SS" and the "Sicherheitspolizei" chief-of-staff; merged into the "SS-Reichssicherheitshauptamt" terror complex under Reinhard Heydrich in 1939. Most of the public buildings along Wilhelmstrasse were destroyed by Allied bombing during 1944 and early 1945 and during the following Battle of Berlin.
Cold War.
After the war, Wilhelmstrasse as far south as Niederkirchnerstrasse was in the Soviet sector of Allied-occupied Berlin, and apart from clearing the rubble from the street little was done to reconstruct the area until the founding of the German Democratic Republic (GDR) in 1949, with East Berlin as its capital. One of the earliest reconstructions was the 1948-built provisional wooden church hall of the Moravian Brethren congregation on Wilhelmstrasse 138. 
The communist GDR regime regarded the former government precinct as a relic of Prussian and Nazi militarism and imperialism, and had all the ruins of the government buildings demolished in the early 1950s. In the late 1950s there were almost no buildings at all along the Wilhelmstrasse from Unter den Linden to the Leipziger Strasse. The only major surviving public building in the Wilhelmstrasse was just Göring's Reich Air Ministry, which had escaped major damage during the war. As one of the few intact government buildings in central Berlin, it was used by the Soviet Military Administration in Germany and the (East) German Economic Commission, later by the German People's Council of the Soviet occupation zone, its People's Chamber successor and several East German ministries and government departments. As "Haus der Ministerien" it was at the centre of the popular demonstrations during the workers' uprising of 17 June 1953.
The building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 cut the street in half. In 1964 the East Berlin section of the street was named after the former GDR Minister-president Otto Grotewohl, who had died in office on September 21. Several embassies of "befriended" countries were erected on the corner with Unter den Linden from about 1970 onwards. The new embassy building of the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic was erected from 1974 to 1978 on Wilhelmplatz. In the 1980s, several "Plattenbau" (concrete slab) apartment blocks were built on the cleared premises along East Berlin "Otto-Grotewohl-Straße". The flats were quite popular among the nomenklatura, as they provided an undisturbed view across the Wall's towards West Berlin. The former "death strip" is today the site of the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe.
Wilhelmstrasse today.
Today the Wilhelmstrasse is an important traffic artery, but has not regained its former status. Since German reunification, some federal ministries have moved their seats to Wilhelmstrasse, such as the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs on former Wilhelmplatz, the Ministry of Finance in the former Reich Ministry of Aviation complex (renamed "Detlev-Rohwedder-Haus" in 1992), as well as the Federal Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection on "Wilhelmstraße" 72 - the only German government ministry now located on its prewar site, although in a partly reconstructed building. 
The British Embassy, whose original building had been destroyed by bombing, was rebuilt on the site. Queen Elizabeth II officiated at the grand opening in July 2000. Other public institutions on Wilhelmstrasse include the ARD-Hauptstadtstudio (television studio) of the ARD broadcasting organization at the northern Spree riverside, the E-Werk techno club, the Topography of Terror outdoor museum at the former "Reichssicherheitshauptamt" site, and the "Willy-Brandt-Haus" headquarters of the Social Democratic Party of Germany on the southern corner with Stresemannstrasse. 
Many of the occupants of the GDR apartment blocks are recent immigrants, and there are a number of shops and restaurants catering to Russians and Turks. In recent years the City of Berlin has placed a series of historical markers along Wilhelmstrasse, showing where the well-known buildings of the pre-war era stood. On 8 November 2011 a memorial in honour of the failed assassin Johann Georg Elser was inaugurated at the site of the former Reich Chancellery.

</doc>
<doc id="2927118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927118" title="Eupione">
Eupione

Eupione, or eupion, is a hydrocarbon of the paraffin series, probably a pentane, C5H12, discovered by Carl Reichenbach in wood tar. It is also formed in the destructive distillation of many substances, as wood, coal, caoutchouc, bones, resin and the fixed oils. It is a colorless, highly volatile and inflammable liquid, having at 20°C a specific gravity of 0.65.

</doc>
<doc id="2927122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927122" title="The Surgeon">
The Surgeon

The Surgeon was an Australian primetime television Medical drama. It screened at 9:30pm on Thursdays on Network Ten and in Ireland early morning on RTÉ One. The show was based at a fictional hospital named Sydney General Hospital. 
The first season consisted of 8 half-hour episodes. The show was not renewed for a second season due to a number of poor reviews and lack of sufficient ratings.
Credits theme.
"Kid You're A Dreamer" by Perth band The Panics from their first album "A House on a Street in a Town I'm From" was used as the opening credits theme music for the series.

</doc>
<doc id="2927126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927126" title="Derrick Bostrom">
Derrick Bostrom

Derrick Bostrom (born June 23, 1960) is an American musician. He was the original drummer of the band Meat Puppets, which he founded together with the Kirkwood brothers, Cris and Curt, in 1980.
Derrick remained a member until 1996 when the band effectively went on hiatus. Although Curt later revived the Meat Puppets, Derrick has not performed with the band since. However, he has still remained somewhat active as a musician by releasing material under the moniker of Today's Sounds as well as collaborating with Neil Hamburger and Cliff Sarde (on his Smoke N' Function project). Derrick has also maintained the official Meat Puppets website since 1995 — and has continued to do so despite the band being defunct. Furthermore, he oversaw the Rykodisc reissue of the Meat Puppets' SST era albums.
In 2006, when the Kirkwood brothers began playing together again, fans speculated if Bostrom would also be involved in an up-coming reunion, however he quickly dismissed the notion in a post on the Meat Puppets' website. Ted Marcus became the band's drummer in 2007, succeeded by Shandom Sahm in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2927129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927129" title="British Rail Class 332">
British Rail Class 332

British Rail Class 332 electric multiple units are used by Heathrow Express between London Paddington and Heathrow Airport.
Description.
The fleet was built in 1997-1998 by CAF and Siemens at the former’s factory in Zaragoza, Spain. There are 14 four/five carriage units. There were original plans for this fleet to not have yellow warning panels on the front of the trains, but these plans were not approved due to safety reasons from Network Rail.
The units have Automatic Train Protection (ATP) equipment, one of the few fleets in the UK to do so. This is largely as a consequence of the Paddington-Heathrow route being mainly on the Great Western Main Line, which was equipped with ATP in the early 1990s as part of a trial of the system by British Rail.
The units were the first electric trains to operate over the Great Western Main Line out of Paddington when the line was electrified as far as Airport Junction.
The 332s were originally constructed as three-car sets and were for the initial Fast Train service which started in a January 1998. Fast Train ran between Paddington and the temporary single platform siding station called Heathrow Junction. Heathrow Junction was constructed on the down side of the Down Airport line just before the tunnel portal. After the opening of the airport stations, the full Heathrow Express service started and the units were gradually increased to four cars. In 2002 five units were lengthened to five cars, allowing trains of up to ten cars to be operated.
The service frequency is four trains per an hour, one every 15 minutes. The units can work on their own or in pairs.
The units have First class and Standard class accommodation: the four-car sets can accommodate up to 175 standard class passengers, with up to 239 in the five-car sets. First class accommodation is in one of the driving cars, referred to as 'DMF' (Driving-Motor-First) cars. The First class cars have two different layouts: 332002, 332004 and the five-car sets can accommodate up to 26 First class passengers, while in the other four-car sets up to 14 first class passengers can be accommodated. This is due to the checked luggage compartments installed in some DMF cars in 1999.
One driving car in each set is usually in all-over advertising livery; currently Vodafone is providing this advertising, who replaced RBS.
The units are capable of working in multiple only with each other, and theoretically with the related Class 333 units operated by Northern Rail, based on the same design.
The units are maintained at the purpose-built train care depot at Old Oak Common.
Interior Layout.
The standard class saloons consist of 2+2 seating, arranged in airline-style layout. The majority of seats face the luggage stacks. The seats are finished in three complementary textile colours.
The first class saloons in the DMF vehicles consist of 1+1 seating, mostly in facing layout around tables.
All saloons have large luggage stacks adjacent to the vestibules. Video screens display news and information.
All carriages are air-conditioned and carpeted.
Although the vehicle were designed before the introduction of the Rail Vehicle Accessibility Regulations, various features were incorporated into the interior of the Standard class TSO vehicles in consultation with DPTAC (Disabled Persons Transport Advisory Committee), including a wheelchair space with communication device and a wheelchair-accessible toilet.
At the Design Business Association's Design Effectiveness Awards in 2000, a team of Design Triangle, Wolff Olins and Glazer won the Grand Prix and Design Management awards for the design of the units.
In 1999, seven DMF First class vehicles were converted to include checked luggage compartments, with a partition in the centre of the car. The compartments were taken out of service when the checked luggage service was withdrawn some years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="2927131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927131" title="Jaguar Mark 2">
Jaguar Mark 2

The Jaguar Mark 2 is a medium-sized saloon car built from late 1959 to 1967 by the Jaguar company in Coventry, England. For the last 12 months before announcement of the XJ6 they were re-labelled Jaguar 240 and Jaguar 340. The previous Jaguar 2.4 and 3.4 models made between 1955 and 1959 have been identified as Mark 1 Jaguars since Jaguar produced this Mark 2 model.
Until the XJ, Jaguar's postwar saloons were denoted by Roman Numerals (e.g. Mark VII, Mark VIII) while the Mark 2 used Arabic Numerals, denoted on the rear of the car as "MK 2".
The XK engine.
Adhering to Sir William Lyons' maxim of "grace, pace and space", the Mark 2 was a fast and capable saloon. It came with a , or Jaguar XK engine. The 3.8 is similar to the unit used in the 3.8 E-Type (called XKE in the USA), having the same block, crank, connecting rods and pistons but different inlet manifold and carburation (two SUs versus three on the E-Type in Europe) and therefore less. The head of the six-cylinder engine in the Mark 2 had curved ports compared to the straight ports of the E-Type configuration. The 3.4- and 3.8-litre cars were fitted with twin SU HD6 carburettors and the 2.4 with twin Solex carburettors.
Body.
Compared to the Mark 1, appearance of the car was transformed by an increase of 18% in cabin glass area greatly improving vision. The car was re-engineered above the waistline, slender front pillars allowed a wider windscreen and the rear window almost wrapped around to the enlarged side windows now with the familiar Jaguar D-shape above the back door and fully chromed frames for all the side windows. The radiator grille was amended and larger side, tail and fog lamps repositioned. Inside a new heating system was fitted and ducted to the rear compartment (although still notoriously ineffective). There was an improved instrument layout that became standard for all Jaguar cars until the XJ series II of 1973.
Mechanical changes.
The front suspension geometry was rearranged to raise the roll centre and the rear track widened. Four-wheel disc brakes were now standard. Power steering, overdrive or automatic transmissions could be fitted at extra cost. The 3.8-Litre was supplied fitted with a limited-slip differential.
The Mark 2 was over 100kg heavier than the 2.4 / 3.4 cars.
Daimler 2.5 V8 and V8-250.
A popular luxury derivative fitted with Daimler's own 2½-litre V8 it sold well from 1962 to 1967 as a Daimler 2.5 V8. In late 1967 it was re-labelled V8-250 to match Jaguar 240. As well as being significantly more powerful than the 2.4-litre XK6 the more modern Daimler engine was lighter by about and also shorter which reduced the mass over the front wheels and so reduced understeer during hard cornering. 
These cars were recognisable by the characteristic Daimler wavy fluting incorporated in the chrome radiator grille and rear number plate lamp cover, their smoothness and the sound of their V8 engine. They were given distinct exterior and luxury interior fittings.
240 and 340.
In September 1967 the Mark 2 cars were re-labelled 240 and 340. The 3.8-litre engine was dropped. They were interim models to fill the gap until the introduction of the XJ6 in September 1968. The 340 was discontinued on the introduction of the XJ6 but the 240 continued as a budget priced model until April 1969; its price of £1364 was only £20 more than the first 2.4 in 1956. 
Output of the 240 engine was increased from @ 5,750 r.p.m. to @ 5,500 r.p.m. and torque was increased. It now had a straight-port type cylinder head and twin HS6 SU carburettors with a new inlet manifold. The automatic transmission was upgraded to a Borg-Warner 35 dual drive range. Power steering by Marles Varamatic was now available on the 340. Servicing intervals were increased from 2,000 miles to 3,000 miles. There was a slight reshaping of the rear body and slimmer bumpers and over-riders were fitted. For the first time the 2.4-litre model could exceed 100 mph, resulting in a slight sales resurgence.
The economies of the new 240 and 340 models came at a cost – the leather upholstery was replaced by "Ambla" leather-like material and tufted carpet was used on the floor—though both had been introduced on the Mark 2 a year earlier. Other changes included the replacement of the front fog lamps with circular vents and optional fog lamps for the UK market. The sales price was reduced to compete with the Rover 2000 TC.
Production.
Mark 2, 1959 to 1967 83,976 Mark 2s were built, split as follows:
240 and 340 series, 1967 to 1969 total production 7,246 as follows:
The XJ6 was introduced in September 1968.
Performance.
A 3.4-litre car with automatic transmission tested by "The Motor" magazine in 1961 had a top speed of and could accelerate from 0- in 11.9 seconds. A touring fuel consumption of was recorded. The test car cost £1951 including taxes of £614.
A 3.8-litre car with the 220 bhp engine was capable of accelerating from 0- in 8.5 seconds and could reach a top speed of .
Motorsport.
The Mark 2 was raced successfully in the European Touring Car Championship.
Influence on modern Jaguars.
The Mark 2's body lines, derived from the Mark 1, and overall layout proved sufficiently popular over time to provide an inspiration for the Jaguar S-Type introduced in 1999.
Portrayal in media.
The Mark 2 gained a reputation as a capable car among criminals and law enforcement alike; the 3.8 Litre model being particularly fast with its 220 bhp (164 kW) engine driving the car from 0- in 8.5 seconds and to a top speed of with enough room for five adults. Popular as getaway cars, they were also employed by the police to patrol British motorways.
The Mark 2 is also well known as the car driven by fictional TV detective "Inspector Morse" played by John Thaw; Morse's car was the version with 2.4 L engine, steel wheels and Everflex vinyl roof. In November 2005, the car used in the television series sold for more than £100,000 following a total ground-up rebuild (prior to this, in its recommissioned state in 2002 after coming out of storage, it had made £53,000 at auction – £45,000 more than an equivalent without the history). In the original novels by Colin Dexter, Morse had driven a Lancia but Thaw insisted on his character driving a British car in the television series.
In the 1987 British film "Withnail and I", a light-grey Mark 2 in very poor condition serves as the main transport for the eponymous main characters' disastrous trip to the English countryside.

</doc>
<doc id="2927142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927142" title="Furazan">
Furazan

Furazan, or 1,2,5-oxadiazole, is an heterocyclic aromatic organic compound consisting of a five-atom ring containing 1 oxygen and 2 nitrogen atoms. The furazan ring system is also found in the steroid furazabol. Furazan and its derivatives are obtained from the oxime derivatives of 1,2-diketones.
Derivatives.
3,4-Dimethylfurazan.
3,4-Dimethylfurazan (b.p. 154–159 °C) is prepared by dehydrating dimethylglyoxime. A variety of related derivatives are known, including diphenyl- and methylethylfurazan.
Carboxylic acid derivatives.
Potassium permanganate oxidizes 3,4-dimethylfurazan first to methylfurazancarboxylic acid and then to furazandicarboxylic acid. By warming oxyfurazan acetic acid with excess of potassium permanganate, oxyfurazancarboxylic acid is obtained. It crystallizes as prisms (m.p. 175 °C). Furazancarboxylic acid (m.p. 107 °C) is prepared by oxidation of furazanpropionic acid with potassium permanganate. It dissolves in base to give nitrosocyanacetate.
Diaminofurazan.
The energetic precursor, diaminofurazan, can be prepared by heating diaminoglyoxime with potassium hydroxide followed by cooling to give white crystals. Like many other furazans, diaminofurazan forms stable complexes with copper(II) salts.

</doc>
<doc id="2927146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927146" title="Sergiu Rădăuţan">
Sergiu Rădăuţan

Sergiu Radautan (1926 - 1998) was a Moldovan physicist. He was a member of Moldovan Academy of Sciences and professor at the State Technical University in Chişinău (now named for him).
[*http://www.radautan.info = Web-site "Sergiu Radautan"]

</doc>
<doc id="2927160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927160" title="Mathias Patin">
Mathias Patin

Mathias Patin (born April 25, 1974 in Colombes, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French volleyball player, who won the bronze medal with the France men's national volleyball team at the 2002 World Championships. He is 1.85 meters tall and plays as a passer.
External links.
http://www.asnieres-volley92.com/mathias_patin.htm

</doc>
<doc id="2927162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927162" title="Axford, Wiltshire">
Axford, Wiltshire

Axford is a hamlet in the Kennet Valley about east of Marlborough in the English county of Wiltshire.
History.
Axford was one of seven Saxon settlements along the Kennet Valley in modern-day Wiltshire in the 5th and 6th centuries. 
During the 15th and 16th century, Axford Manor was centred on Priory Farm a short distance from the village itself. The majority of housing was built to the south of the main road through the village; the area to the north was developed during the late 18th and early 19th century.
A military camp was located near Axford during the Second World War.
Buildings.
Axford contains one listed building; the Grade 1 listed Axford Farmhouse. A church is located in the village. It also contains The Red Lion public house, a 17th-century building.
Local government.
Axford is in Ramsbury and Axford civil parish, which is in the area of Wiltshire Council. The two councils are responsible for different aspects of local government.
Transport.
Axford is located a short distance from the A4 road. Bus services to the village are provided by Thamesdown Transport route 48 between Swindon and Marlborough.
Position: 

</doc>
<doc id="2927169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927169" title="Qardho District">
Qardho District

Qardho District () is a district in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia. Its capital lies at Qardho.

</doc>
<doc id="2927176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927176" title="Conflict of tort laws">
Conflict of tort laws

In conflict of laws, the choice of law rules for tort are intended to select the "lex causae" by which to determine the nature and scope of the judicial remedy to claim damages for loss or damage suffered.
History.
The first attempts to establish a coherent "choice of law" rule for tort cases involving a foreign law element varied between favouring the lex fori (i.e. the law of the court) and the "lex loci delicti commissi" (i.e. the law of the place where the tort was committed). The public policy of territorial sovereignty was always the principal consideration. Hence, the forum courts claimed their right to apply their laws to determine whether any lawsuit initiated in their jurisdiction allowed a remedy. Equally, it is the commission of a tort that vests a right of action in a claimant and therefore, it should always be for the law of the place where that right was created to determine the extent of any remedy flowing from it. In the end, a compromise emerged where the "lex loci delicti" was the first point of reference but courts retained a discretion to substitute the "lex fori" if the foreign law was deemed unfair and other practical considerations pointed to the application of forum law.
In the U.S., see the New York decision in "Babcock v. Jackson", 191 N.E.2d 279 (N.Y. 1963) for a discussion of the issues. This led to a debate in which state interests, rather than strict territorial connections, were suggested as the basis of a new test. In 1971, the American Law Institute produced the Second Conflicts Restatements and section 6 provides that the applicable law should be the one with the "most significant relationship" to the tort. In other common law states, a parallel movement occurred and resulted in the adoption of a "proper law" test. In substance, both forms are similar in their approach.
Explanation.
The presumptive choice of law rule for tort is that the "proper law" applies. This refers to the law that has the greatest relevance to the issues involved. In public policy terms, this is usually the law of the place where the key elements of the "wrong" were performed or occurred (the "lex loci delicti"). So if A is a pedestrian injured by B's negligent driving, the law of the state in which the injury occurs would logically be applied because, in public policy terms, the citizens of that state have a clear interest in regulating the standard of driving on their roads. That either or both the parties might have domiciles outside that state would be irrelevant. But, if A buys a car from B in State X and drives it into State Y where A is injured by a defect in the car, the choice of law is not as evident: there is potential liability both for breach of contract and for negligent misstatement, deceit and failure to adequately maintain the vehicle prior to sale. There is no genuine connection either in fact or law with the law of State Y. It was pure chance that the injury occurred there. In fact, the law of State X is the "lex loci contractus" and the most appropriate law since everything relevant to the potential tortious liability occurred in that state which has the greatest interest in maintaining consumer confidence in the motor trade. Thus, no matter where A sues B, the forum court should apply the law of State X to resolve the various causes of action. For these purposes, the "forum conveniens" would be the State in which B has residence and/or holds assets. One of the key considerations in any conflict dispute is the enforceability of the resulting judgment. Courts are more willing to accept cases with a foreign law element when one of the parties is domiciled or has residence within their territorial jurisdiction, or has assets against which judgment can be levied.
However, if the tort was intentional, there are two competing theories as to which law is the most appropriate. For example, A writes a defamatory letter in State X and posts it to B in State Y, clearly damaging the reputation of C in State Y. The "initiatory" or "subjective" theory provides that the "proper law" is the law of the state in which all the initial components of the tort occurred. In the example given, A may never have left State X and the argument would be made that State X would have the better claim to determine the extent of liability for those who, whether temporarily or not, owe it allegiance. Hence, if A sent a reference to B about C in the ordinary course of business, or submitted for publication by B a review of an artistic work by C, the policy claims of State X would be strong. The "terminatory" or "objective" theory provides that the law of the state in which the last component occurred (i.e. where the loss or damage was sustained) should be the proper law. Here, the argument is that unless and until the damage is sustained, the tort is not complete. Unlike criminal law, there is no liability for attempted tort. Hence, since the tort does not exist to give rise to liability until the letter is read by B in State Y, only State Y has an interest in the application of its laws. There is no international agreement on which theory is to be preferred and each state therefore applies its local choice of law rules. But the enforceability of any judgment would be a relevant consideration. Suppose that the law of State X might offer a partial or complete defence to A. Hence, C naturally prefers to invoke the jurisdiction of State Y's courts. If there is no system for reciprocal and automatic registration and enforcement of judgments between the two states, State Y (and any other State in which jurisdiction might be sought) would be reluctant to accept the case since no court likes to waste its time in hearing a case if it is not going to be enforceable.
In summary, therefore, selecting the "proper law" in tort cases is subject to a balancing of public policy and practical considerations and, although each set of choice of law rules will give an indication of likely outcome, the individual decisions on the merits are not strictly subject to precedent and outcomes may vary depending on circumstances.
European harmonisation provisions.
Under Article 3 of the proposed "Rome II Regulation" on the "Law Applicable to Non-Contractual Obligations" (22 July 2003), there would be a general presumption that the "lex loci delicti" will apply subject to either:
Until formal guidance is given on the circumstances in which either exception will operate, there will either be considerable forum shopping to select the states with the most favourable interpretation, or courts will resolve the uncertainty by applying the "lex fori".
In product liability cases, Article 4 selects the law of the injured party's habitual residence if the product was marketed there with the consent of the defendant. The rationale is that if a defendant knows of, and is benefiting from, sales in the plaintiff's state, the choice of that state's law is reasonable.
Article 6 specifies the "lex fori" for actions arising out of breach of privacy or defamation, a rule that may increase the risk of forum shopping. Whether the plaintiff has any right of reply in a defamation case will be determined under the law of the state where the broadcaster or publisher is established.
In cases where contract and tort issues overlap, Article 9 proposes that the same law govern both sets of issues.
English law.
General rule.
With the exception of defamation which continues to apply the "proper law" test, s10 Private International Law (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1995 abolishes the double-actionability test, and s11 applies the "lex loci delicti" rule subject to an exception under s12 derived from "Boys v Chaplin" (1971) AC 356 and "Red Sea Insurance Co, Ltd. v Bouygues SA" (1995) 1 AC 190. Thus, it is no longer necessary for the case to be based on a tort actionable in England. The English courts must apply wider international tests and respect any remedies available under the "Applicable Law" or "lex causae" including any rules on who may claim (e.g. whether a personal representative may claim for a fatal accident) and who the relevant defendant may be (i.e. the English court would have to apply the applicable law's rules on vicarious liability or the identity of an "occupier" of land).
The first step is for the court to decide where the tort occurred, which may be complicated if relevant events took place in more than one state. s11(2) distinguishes between:
The first two tests seem to provide a workable balance between the interests of the claimant and the defendant by selecting the law of the place in which the claimant suffered the harm, but problems remain. In "Henderson v Jaouen" (2002) 2 AER 705 there was continuing damage as the condition arising from original injury deteriorated. Similarly, in "Roerig v Valiant Trawlers Ltd." (2002) 1 Ll Rep 681, where the accident occurred on board an English ship, the main consequences in terms of loss were felt by the deceased's family in the Netherlands (their habitual residence), not England. The third rule which will apply in economic torts, breach of privacy etc., requires a test comparable to the "proper law". In "Multinational Gas and Petrochemical Co. v Multinational Gas and Petrochemical Services Ltd." (1983) Ch 258 negligent management decisions were based on financial reports prepared in England. Because the decisions were taken and the losses were sustained outside England, English law was not the most significant. In "Metall und Rohstoff AG v Donaldson Lufkin & Janrette Inc." (1990) 1 QB 391 action in New York induced a breach of contract in England where the loss was sustained, so English law was the more significant.
Section 12.
In exceptional circumstances, the "lex loci delicti" rule is displaced in favour of another law, if the "factors relating to the parties" or "any of the events which constitute the tort" show that this other law will be "substantially" more appropriate. Suppose that an English employer sends an employee on a business-related journey to Arcadia. During the course of this journey, the employee is injured while driving a car provided by the employer for this purpose. All the relevant connecting factors favor the application of English law except that the injury itself was sustained elsewhere. In "Edmunds v Simmonds" (2001) 1 WLR 1003 it was held more appropriate to displace the "lex loci delicti" and to apply English law to the consequences of a road traffic accident in Spain involving two English friends who had travelled abroad for a short holiday and where the majority of the losses and expenses were suffered in England. In "Morin v Bonhams and Brooks Ltd." (2003) 2 AER (Comm) 36 a bad buy was made in Monaco as a result of allegedly fraudulent information "fed" to the buyer in London. The case involved representations made about the qualities of a classic car auctioned by the defendants in Monaco and bought by the claimant who had received the brochure which made the alleged misrepresentations in England. He had, to a certain extent, relied on them in England, by arranging to travel to Monaco for the auction, and he had suffered loss in England where the car was found not to meet the description in the brochure. The car had, however, been subject to auction in Monaco where the bid sum was payable. The court held that the claimant's decision to bid and to commit himself to the
purchase that was "by far the most significant" act, and that was done in Monaco. The judge offered the "obiter dicta" that had the claimant made a telephone bid from England, a different judgment would probably have been made.

</doc>
<doc id="2927179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927179" title="Impetigo (band)">
Impetigo (band)

Impetigo was an Illinois-based grindcore and death metal band. They were among the first bands to use clips from films and other media as intros for their songs. In 2010 they released a DVD entitled "Defiling The Stage" which includes 4 live acts, one in 1987, two in 1990 and one reunion show from 2007.
In 2003, Razorback Records released Wizards of Gore, an Impetigo tribute album, featuring Blood Duster, Mortician, Machetazo, Impaled, Haemorrhage, Exhumed, Cock and Ball Torture, Lymphatic Phlegm, Last Days of Humanity, Gore Beyond Necropsy, Lord Gore, and more. Razorback Records has also released the "ultimate" reissues of the "Ultimo Mondo Cannibale" and "Horror of the Zombies" albums, which include the original artwork, liner notes by bassist/vocalist Stevo Dobbins, and bonus tracks.
Their lyrical themes mostly include 70s and 80s splatter films, cannibal films and gore.

</doc>
<doc id="2927181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927181" title="Ein Dor">
Ein Dor

Ein Dor (, lit. "Spring of a Generation") is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 688. 
History.
Ein Dor was founded in 1948 by members of the Hashomer Hatzair youth movement. The founders were from Israel, Hungary, Canada and the United States, and were joined later by members from South America.
The kibbutz is named for Endor, a village mentioned in the Bible - an accordance with the common Zionist practice of bestowing Biblical names on modern communities and towns. After the death of prophet Samuel, King Saul comes to Endor to meet a woman medium (the Witch of Endor) who helps him to contact the spirit of Samuel. The prophecy he receives is that his army will be vanquished and that he and his sons would die in battle. (Samuel 28:3-19). However, it is by no means certain that the kibbutz's location is anywhere near to where the Biblical village stood. An archeological museum located close to the main dining hall includes pre-historical findings from the kibbutz area.
Economy.
The kibbutz's main source of income is the Teldor Cables and Wires factory. Other sources include agriculture, a pet clinic for injured dogs and cats in need of treatment (closed in 2009 due to lack of funding), Dorli, the Refet (cow farm) and the Stables, which houses several horses. Ein Dor also houses the Boneh section of the English speaking portion of the progressive labor-zionist youth movement Habonim Dror's gap year in Israel. Participants live on the kibbutz for up to four months at a time.
Ein Dor members voted in 2003 to privatise the kibbutz. This meant moving the ideological approach of the kibbutz away from its original socialist principles of equality, collectivism and the Marxist ideal of "From each according to his ability, to each according to his need", which the kibbutz started up with. Instead, Ein Dor now holds mostly capitalist ideals, such as profit motivation and private ownership, and social equality now generally takes a back seat to improving the financial standing of the average person.
Leisure Activities.
There are many places to enjoy on kibbutz, including the swimming pool, which opens in mid-May, two basketball courts, two tennis courts, a gym and a football pitch. Besides the standard activities, there's also many green areas to relax under the Oaks and Pine Trees which grow all over Ein Dor. On weekends, the kibbutz pub is opened for business. This facility includes a pool table, a disco hall, and drinks.

</doc>
<doc id="2927182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927182" title="Matsuyama Castle (Iyo)">
Matsuyama Castle (Iyo)

History.
This castle was originally built by Kato Yoshiaki in 1603. It had a large five-story "tenshu", or keep, which was moved to Aizu Castle when Kato was transferred there in 1627. The next lord, Tadachika Gamoh, died in 1635, shortly after completing the "ninomaru". After Tadachika, Matsudaira Sadayuki became the new lord. He completed a new Castle Tower (tenshu) in 1642. His heirs continued to rule the castle after his death. However, on New Years Day, 1784, this Castle Tower (tenshu) was struck by lightning and burned down. The current Castle Tower (tenshu) was built between 1820 and 1854.
The castle survived the Meiji restoration, but parts of it were destroyed by bombing from American forces during World War II. Since 1966, the city of Matsuyama has been working to restore the castle.
Today.
In Matsuyama, the Castle Tower (tenshu), or the main building of the castle can be seen from almost all places. The castle is accessible from the city central via Matsuyamajo Ropeway, a chairlift, or on foot.

</doc>
<doc id="2927184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927184" title="Levulinic acid">
Levulinic acid

Levulinic acid, or 4-oxopentanoic acid, is an organic compound with the formula CH3C(O)CH2CH2CO2H. It is classified as a keto acid. This white crystalline solid is soluble in water and polar organic solvents. It is derived from degradation of cellulose and is a potential precursor to biofuels.
Synthesis.
Related to its original synthesis, levulinic acid is prepared by heating sucrose with concentrated acid. The process proceeds via the intermediacy of glucose, which isomerizes to fructose and then undergoes dehydration to hydroxymethylfurfural (HMF). Other sugar-derivatives can be used in this process including levulose (D-fructose), inulin and starch. HMF hydrolyzes to formic acid and levulinic acid:
Reactions and applications.
Levulinic acid is the precursor to pharmaceuticals, plasticizers, and various other additives.
Potential biofuels can be prepared from levulinic acid including methyltetrahydrofuran, valerolactone, and ethyl levulinate. Dehydration of levulinic acid gives angelica lactone.
Other occurrence and niche uses.
Levulinic acid is used in cigarettes to increase nicotine delivery in smoke and binding of nicotine to neural receptors.
Safety.
Levulinic acid is relatively nontoxic, with an of 1850 mg/kg.

</doc>
<doc id="2927185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927185" title="Hermann Paul Müller">
Hermann Paul Müller

Hermann Paul Müller (born in Bielefeld, 21 November 1909 - died in Ingolstadt, 30 December 1975) was a German sidecar, motorcycle, and race car driver.
Müller started his competitive career on an Imperia in 1928. He became German Sidecar Champion in 1932, then in 1936, he took the German 500cc Motorcycle title. 
He switched to cars the next year, driving for Auto Union. He won the 1939 edition of the FIA French Grand Prix held in Reims. The winner of that season's European Championship was never officially announced by the AIACR due to the outbreak of World War II. Although Müller would have won the championship on points, the president of Germany's highest motorsports organisation declared Hermann Lang the champion.
After the war he returned to motorcycle racing, winning the 1947 and 1948 German 250cc titles on DKW. In 1955, he won the 250cc world championship riding an NSU Sportmax. He also set quite a number of world speed records in five classes over six distances for NSU on the Bonneville salt flats in 1956. To this day he remains the oldest person to win a Grand Prix Motorcycle world championship, at the age of 46.
References.
! colspan="3" style="background: #99ff66;" | Sporting achievements

</doc>
<doc id="2927188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927188" title="Sleepwalker (video game)">
Sleepwalker (video game)

Sleepwalker is a platform game developed by CTA Developments and published by Ocean Software for the Amiga, Amiga CD32, C64 and Atari ST in 1993. It was later ported to DOS. Sleepwalker was later re-released in 1994 using the Eek! The Cat license for the Super Nintendo.
Summary.
The game centres on a boy called Lee and his faithful dog Ralph. We're introduced to Lee from the dog's perspective after waking up to find his owner sleepwalking through his bedroom window. Ralph leaps after him and the player then takes control of what happens next.
Throughout the game Lee will relentlessly walk in the direction he is facing, the problem is there are objects and pitfalls in his path that can ultimately wake him up or even kill him. The player can monitor Lee's sleep level with a bar at the top of the screen. If the bar reaches zero, Lee wakes up and the player loses a life. If this happens three (or five depending on settings) times the game is lost.
The player controls Ralph the dog in order to manipulate either Lee, or the objects he is likely to walk into, to see him safely to the end of a level. The frequency of these pitfalls increases as each level progresses and, as it does, the player has to spend more time strategically neutralising threats, far in advance of Lee's actual position in the level.
Although it is possible for Lee to die, resulting in a loss of life and restart of the level for the player, Ralph is invincible, surviving otherwise fatal incidents with comedic effect.
If all the levels are successfully completed Lee finally returns to his bed and crawls back in.
Comic Relief.
The game was made to promote the charity Comic Relief. All profits from sales of the game went to the charity.
Many references to Comic Relief were made.

</doc>
<doc id="2927189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927189" title="Geoff Nicholls">
Geoff Nicholls

Geoff Nicholls (28 February 1948, Birmingham, England) is a musician and keyboardist, who is best known as the longtime sideman for the heavy metal band Black Sabbath. Nicholls also played in the NWOBHM band Quartz before joining Black Sabbath. In the late 1960s / early 1970s, Geoff played lead guitar for the Birmingham band Johnny Neal and the Starliners.
Nicholls was originally brought in as a second guitarist when Black Sabbath doubted whether they would even continue under that name. Nicholls then switched to bass when Geezer Butler left briefly, and then became the band's keyboardist upon Butler's return and the decision to keep the Sabbath name. Nicholls' first appearance on a Black Sabbath album was on 1980's "Heaven And Hell", and was credited as keyboardist on every Sabbath release from that time until 13, although he was not an official member until 1986. He remained an official member until 1991, then regained member status from 1993 to 1996. He was an unofficial member once again since the reunion with Ozzy Osbourne in 1997. Although his main role with Sabbath has been on the keyboard Nicholls also played some rhythm guitar on the reunion tours, e.g. during Iommi's solo in "Snowblind" and a few tracks during the "Headless Cross" and "Forbidden" tours.
In addition to not always being credited as a full member of the band, Nicholls has rarely appeared on stage proper during Sabbath shows, instead usually playing from a side-stage or backstage position. One exception to this was the tour in support of the 1986 album "Seventh Star" where he played on stage as an equal member of the band. Another is a concert in May 1988, where Nicholls played bass for a charity function. 
Nicholls' involvement with the band ended when Adam Wakeman (a member of Ozzy Osbourne's solo band) was chosen to play keyboards during Sabbath's 2004 and 2005 tours as part of Ozzfest and Scott Warren (Dio) handled keyboard duties on the 2007 Heaven and Hell tour.
Nicholls is currently playing keyboards with former Black Sabbath singer Tony Martin in his band Tony Martin's Headless Cross. Nicholls has previously performed on both of Martin's solo albums and their support tours.

</doc>
<doc id="2927192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927192" title="Weaverham">
Weaverham

Weaverham is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in England. Just off the A49, it is just to the west of Northwich and south of the River Weaver, and has a population of 6,589.
Weaverham is also home to the Anglican church of St. Mary's, the Roman Catholic church of St. Bede's and the Methodist church of All Saints. From September 2011, The Storehouse Church also meets weekly in Weaverham.
The schools in Weaverham include the following: one high school: Weaverham High School; three primary schools: St. Bede's Roman Catholic Primary School, Weaverham Forest School and Wallerscote Community School. Wallerscote has c. 250 children from reception to year 6. Attached to the school in a specially adapted classroom is Wallerscote Pre-School for children aged between 2 years 9 months and 5 years. There is also a special needs school, The Russett.
Weaverham is adjacent to Owley Wood, part of the Mersey Forest. The wood extends for over five hectares along the River Weaver valley and is named after the tawny owls which inhabit the area.

</doc>
<doc id="2927210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927210" title="Henry the Human Fly">
Henry the Human Fly

Henry the Human Fly was the first solo album by British singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard Thompson. It was originally released in Britain in April 1972 on the Island label and in the US on the Reprise label.
The album was Thompson's attempt to create an English rock 'n roll hybrid. It was poorly received at the time, but is currently considered one of his best albums.
Track listing.
All songs written by Richard Thompson.

</doc>
<doc id="2927215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927215" title="2004 European Nations Cup">
2004 European Nations Cup

Under the same format as the 2003 European Nations Cup, six nations participated in two groups of three, each playing a total of two games.
England were crowned European champions for the third successive time, defeating Ireland in the final.
Group 1.
Final standings.
Ireland advanced to the final.
Group 2.
Final standings.
England advanced to the final.
Final.
England's Paul Reilly, who scored two tries in the first seventeen minutes of the game was named man-of-the-match.

</doc>
<doc id="2927219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927219" title="Laleham">
Laleham

Laleham is a village in the Spelthorne borough of Surrey that adjoins Staines upon Thames, its post town. In its south is Laleham Park by the River Thames, across green belt farmland to its north and south east are Ashford and Shepperton, to its east are woods then Queen Mary Reservoir. Penton Hook Lock is on the border with Staines and Laleham Burway is directly across the river. Centred south along the towpath or the humped river road is Chertsey Bridge, just within the boundaries of Shepperton, marking the easternmost point of the town of Chertsey. The north of the area has a number of sports fields, including the Staines and Laleham Sports Ground, and two family pubs, on the Laleham and Ashford Roads respectively.
The village was once farmed for Westminster Abbey and was the home of the poet Matthew Arnold, who divided his time between here and Rugby School. It is just over from three motorway junctions. The nearest railway station is centred north, on the Waterloo to Reading Line which has branch lines, to Windsor and Weybridge. Two non-TfL bus routes serve the village. In one village sign and residents' association the village is known as Laleham on Thames.
The word Laleham probably comes from "lael" meaning twig and "ham" meaning water meadow or village.
History.
It is possible that there was a 1st-century Roman marching camp on the field which is now part of Matthew Arnold School.
Iron Age spearheads from the 5th century have been uncovered in the River Thames at Laleham Ferry. 10th century charters record the village of "Laelham".
Laleham appears in the Middlesex section of the Domesday Book of 1086 as "Leleham". It was held partly by Fécamp Abbey from Robert of Mortain and partly by Estrild, the nun. Its domesday assets were: 10 hides. It had 6½ ploughs, 5 ploughlands meadow, cattle pasture. Its villagers and chief tenants rendered £5 per year to its feudal system overlords.
The Church of England parish church of All Saints dates from the 12th century but was largely rebuilt in brick about 1600 and the present tower was built in 1780. The church has a stained glass window by Wilhelmina Geddes. In the 13th century Westminster Abbey had a grange and watermill on the banks of the Thames near the site of Laleham Abbey. In 1970 the nucleated village centre of Laleham was designated a conservation area. However the shape of Laleham resembles greatly Staines in being a long tranch of land, barely more than east to west, along the banks of one river, rather than two.
Laleham has 25 listed buildings including Laleham Abbey, which was called Laleham House until 1928. It was designed by J.B. Papworth, built in 1803–06 as the country seat of Richard Bingham, 2nd Earl of Lucan and altered, again to Papworth's designs, in the 1820s and 30s. Its park stretched for , some of which is now Laleham Park. The house is in the neo-classical style with a Greek Doric portico. The interior has marble floors and pillars, a semi-circular staircase and a cupola. The house was divided into apartments in 1981.
There is an early 17th-century brick farmhouse with Georgian alterations, Church Farmhouse, adjacent to the church. It is an example of a central chimney house with a standard layout for such a house. On either side of the central chimney is a living room and the entrance is through a tiled two-storey porch, the stairs filling the space on the opposite side of the chimney. It once housed the Lucan's bailiff and was sold by in 1966 by the 7th Earl who was suspected of a murder and disappeared in the early hours of 8 November 1974.
The hatchment in the north aisle of All Saints Church belonged to them. In the eastern part of the cemetery is the 1888 grave of Field Marshal (and third Earl) Lord Lucan who gave the order for the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava.
Amenities.
Laleham has a Church of England primary school, an archery club and Burway Rowing Club.
Religion.
As well as All Saints' parish church, Laleham has a Methodist church in Edinburgh Drive. An Elim Pentecostal Church Kingdom Living Church, also meets at the Mothodist church.
Notable people.
Gabrielle Anwar, actress and star of the US TV series "Burn Notice" was born in Laleham and attended Laleham C of E Primary and Middle School 1975–82. An end-of-term St. Trinian's sketch in the school concert of 1982 gave an early indication of her theatrical leanings.
The poet and critic Matthew Arnold was born in the village and is buried in All Saints' parish churchyard. A local county-supported comprehensive school is named after him. His father Dr Thomas Arnold was headmaster of Rugby School, travelled widely and settled his family in Laleham.
In 1803 Richard Bingham, 2nd Earl of Lucan bought the manor from William Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale. Both Arnold and Lucan family names are prominent in All Saints' parish church, with memorials to various generations of those families. Charles Bingham, 4th Earl of Lucan, George Bingham, 5th Earl of Lucan and their countesses are buried in the churchyard. One of the village pubs was called the Lucan Arms pub for many years until it was renamed in the late 1990s.
Other notable family names are Buckland and Honor and the four houses at Laleham school are Buckland (Red), Arnold (Blue), Honnor (Yellow) and Lucan (Green). The Reverend John Buckland was Matthew Arnold's uncle; Buckland School in Laleham was named after him.
The Reynell Baronets, originally from Devon, were substantial landowners at Laleham.
Coal and mining administrator, Alfred Robens, Baron Robens of Woldingham lived at with his wife at Laleham Abbey after his retirement in 1982.
Demography and housing.
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28%, the average that was apartments was 22.6%.
The proportion of households in the town who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1%. The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5%. The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings (plus a negligible % of households living rent-free).

</doc>
<doc id="2927221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927221" title="Martial Solal">
Martial Solal

Martial Solal (born August 23, 1927, Algiers, French Algeria) is a French jazz pianist and composer, who is probably most widely known for the music he wrote for Jean-Luc Godard's debut feature film "À bout de souffle" (1960).
Biography.
Solal was the son of an opera singer and piano teacher, and learned the instrument from the age of six. After settling in Paris in 1950, he soon began working with leading musicians including Django Reinhardt and expatriates from the United States like Sidney Bechet and Don Byas. He formed a quartet (occasionally also leading a big band) in the late 1950s, although he had been recording as a leader since 1953. Solal then began composing film music, eventually providing over twenty scores.
In 1963 he made a much admired appearance at the Newport Jazz Festival in Rhode Island; the "Newport '63" album purporting to be a recording of this gig is actually a studio recreation. At this time, his regular trio featured bassist Guy Pedersen and drummer Daniel Humair. From 1968 he regularly performed and recorded with Lee Konitz in Europe and the United States of America.
In recent years, Martial Solal has continued to perform and record with his trio. Throughout his career he has performed solo, and during 1993-94 he gave thirty solo concerts for French Radio, a selection of performances from which were subsequently released in a 2-CD set "Improvise Pour Musique France" by JMS Records. 
Solal has also written a piano method book entitled "Jazz Works".
In 1997 Solal performed with Lee Konitz, Dave Holland, and Jack DeJohnette in "Satori."
In its January 2011 issue, "The Gruppen Review" published a 12-page interview in which Solal discusses his work as an eternal "researcher in jazz".
Style.
Solal's concept can be associated with a deep understanding of the fact that music is a language and each performance is a conversation between the participants.
The pianist has a lot of ideas to share and each of them is delegated the appropriate amount of time so that the audience can only glimpse it's depth. His sequences can easily be translated into sentences, as opposed to more classical approaches where ideas are explored through whole paragraphs or entire chapters. This makes the Solal experience an intense and lively listen which captures the attention thoroughly. One could go so far as to say that even the normal silences and pauses during a verbal "normal" conversation between people are interpreted as tension points in Solal's musical improvisation.
His skill with the instrument is astounding and he is quoted saying this regarding his technique: "The best you play you have to make people believe that it's very easy, even when it's very difficult. If you look to have trouble with the technique, it is no good. You must play the most difficult thing like this: <smiles serenely>" (Martial Solal interviewed by Larry Appelbaum just before his concert at the Library of Congress, April 11, 2011).
In that same interview he states that he doesn't believe in the rule that says that each piece has to have a beginning and an ending. Solal is referring to film music but this feeling transpires through his trio performances as well, where the audience might get the sensation that they are allowed to witness fragments of very interesting, intricate, enjoyable and enriching discussions between three very close friends.
References.
2. A Portrait of Martial Solal: Verbunkos. Retrieved February 9, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2927237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927237" title="Specklinia">
Specklinia

Specklinia is a genus of orchids native to South America, Central America, Mexico and the West Indies. It contains approximately 80-100 accepted species.

</doc>
<doc id="2927238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927238" title="Delamere Forest">
Delamere Forest

Delamere Forest or Delamere Forest Park is a large wood near the town of Frodsham in Cheshire, England. The woodland, which is managed by the Forestry Commission, covers an area of making it the largest area of woodland in the county. It contains a mixture of deciduous and evergreen trees. 
Delamere, which means "forest of the lakes", is all that remains of the great Forests of Mara and Mondrem which covered over of this part of Cheshire. Established in the late 11th century, they were the hunting forests of the Norman Earls of Chester. Order was maintained under forest law. However this governance limited the agricultural potential of the area for centuries. It was not until ownership passed to The Crown in 1812 that the ancient ordnances were abolished. In 1924 the woodland came under the control of the Forestry Commission. 
The area also includes Old Pale hill, the high point of the northern mass of the Mid Cheshire Ridge, and Blakemere Moss, a lake around 1 km in length. Black Lake, a rare example of quaking bog or "schwingmoor", has been designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and forms part of an international Ramsar site; Linmer Moss has also been designated an SSSI for its fenland habitat. The white-faced darter, a species of dragonfly rare in the UK, and marsh fern and white sedge, wetland plants that are rare in Cheshire, are found here.
A popular recreational area, Delamere Forest is used by walkers, cyclists, mountain bikers and horse riders. The forest is also a venue for outdoor concerts.
History.
Hunting forest.
The twin medieval Forests of Mara and Mondrem were created within the county palatine of Cheshire by the Norman Earls of Chester in the late 11th century. However the area might have earlier been an Anglo-Saxon hunting forest.
Covering more than , the forest stretched from the Mersey in the north to Nantwich in the south, and from the Gowy in the west to the Weaver in the east. Between 1277 and 1536, the forests encompassed more than 60 townships or villages. In this context, "forest" means an area outside the common law and subject to forest law; it does not imply that the area was entirely wooded, and the land remained largely in private ownership. Game was hunted with dogs and included wild boar, and red, fallow and roe deer. During the early Norman period, the penalties for killing game were blinding, mutilation or execution; although these punishments were gradually replaced by fines.
The original forest was a predominantly oak-mixed woodland, but other species included elm, lime, yew, chestnut, fir, larch, beech, ash, silver birch, hazel, willow and alder. The forest area also encompassed heath and wetland, as well as pasture, arable land and even small settlements. Agriculture was, however, allowed within the forest boundaries only under severe restrictions; assarting, or enclosing and clearing new land for agriculture, was prohibited until 1215.
As large areas of Mondrem were slowly cleared of woodland, the northerly Forest of Mara remained wooded well into the 14th century. It retained a population of wild boar and wolves.
Later history.
The remaining part of the southern part of the Forest of Mara remained classed as a hunting forest until 1812 when an Enclosure Act was passed disafforesting the remaining forest (that is, returning its legal status to ordinary land) and transferring ownership of the remnant half to the Crown and half to surrounding major landowners. In April 1821, the King's Bench determined that Delamere was one of four new parishes within the old Forest of Mara during a case about a pauper from Oakmere.
The Forestry Commission, which was established in 1919, took over the management of Delamere Forest in 1924; the land was managed for timber production. Its management area occupies 16 percent of the former medieval forests. Since 1968, the Forestry Commission has worked with successive local authorities (now Cheshire West and Chester) to promote recreational usage of the area.
Blakemere Moss.
Blakemere Moss was drained in around 1815, supposedly by prisoners from the Napoleonic Wars. During the 19th century, it was unsuccessfully planted with oak, and later with Scots pine. The Forestry Commission planted the moss with pine and western hemlock during the 1940s, which proved uneconomic. It was decided in 1992 to restore Blakemere Moss as a wetland environment, which was achieved in 1998 by clear-felling the area and then flooding it. The restored lake now provides a habitat for wildlife, particularly birds. Following the success of this project, it was announced in January 2010 that a further of drained fenland at four sites in the Delamere Forest area would be rewetted as part of Natural England's "Wetland Vision" scheme.
Geography and geology.
Delamere Forest forms part of the Mersey Forest, an initiative to increase woodland coverage in areas close to urban communities. Nearly all the Forestry Commission land is open access land under the Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000. A few small additional areas contiguous with the Forestry Commission land are also wooded.
The Mid-Cheshire Railway Line runs east–west through Delamere Forest; Delamere railway station is located at , around ½ mile (800 m) from the Linmere Visitor Centre. The B5152 road runs north–south through the forest, and Ashton Road runs east–west. The National Cycle Network Cheshire Cycleway (Regional Route 70) follows Ashton Road. The nearest town is Frodsham, to the north-west; nearby settlements (anti-clockwise from the south) include Delamere, Cuddington, Norley, Kingsley, Mouldsworth and Kelsall.
Mouldsworth Gap.
The majority of the modern Delamere Forest falls within the Mouldsworth Gap, a break in the Mid Cheshire Ridge which runs north–south through the centre of Cheshire. This region originated at the end of the last ice age, when glacial meltwaters formed a vast lake in the West Cheshire basin which burst through the sandstone ridge, and deposited large amounts of sand and gravel across an extensive outwash fan on the eastern side of the ridge. The soils are very varied, including brown earths, podsols, peats and gleys. One valley adjacent to the railway line has eight different soil types within a small area, and hosts a soil trail.
This part of Delamere Forest is undulating in character, with elevations predominantly in the range 60–90 metres. It is composed of numerous hummocks and peatland basins, some of which are glacial in origin while others have been created by sand extraction. The basins form lakes and mosses (bogs) within the forest, the largest of which is Blakemere Moss, which originated in two glacial kettle holes and is now a lake around 1 km in length. Other sizeable wetlands include Black Lake, Dead Lake and Linmer Moss. This forest area has several named local high points, including Hart Hill, Hunger Hill and Manley Hill.
Old Pale.
The Old Pale hill (176 metres; ) stands towards the south of the Forestry Commission-owned area; it forms the high point of the northern mass of the Mid Cheshire Ridge. The summit, Pale Heights, has a trig point and three transmitter masts which carry radio, television and telephone signals. There is a view point with views of seven counties: Cheshire, Derbyshire, Lancashire, Shropshire and Staffordshire in England, and Denbighshire and Flintshire in Wales.
Ecology.
Delamere Forest encompasses broadleaved and mixed woodlands, blocks of coniferous plantation, as well as grassland and wetland. The area provides a habitat for numerous woodland bird species, including nuthatches, treecreepers, crossbills, siskins, tawny owls and great spotted and green woodpeckers. Dragonflies such as the southern hawker can be seen in the wetland areas; the nationally scarce white-faced darter has been observed at several sites within the forest, including Black Lake. Butterflies such as the small tortoiseshell are common in the Old Pale area. Adders have been observed in the woodland, and mammals seen here include badgers, foxes and bats.
Sites of Special Scientific Interest.
Two Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) lie within the area of Delamere Forest owned by the Forestry Commission. Black Lake () is an example of the rare quaking bog or "schwingmoor" habitat, a type of bog in which bog vegetation forms a raft which floats on top of water. The site is particularly notable for including the very earliest stages in quaking bog development, although all stages are present, from open water to largely consolidated "schwingmoor" in the process of colonisation by Scots pine. In addition to "Sphagnum" species, common sundew and the locally rare white sedge are present. The site is managed by Cheshire Wildlife Trust and forms part of the Midland Meres and Mosses Ramsar site.
Linmer Moss () is unusual within Delamere Forest in having a fen environment which is not dominated by "Sphagnum" species. The vegetation is predominantly tussock sedge and reedmace. Marsh fern and white sedge, which are rare in Cheshire, are found here; other species include cuckooflower, marsh bedstraw, marsh cinquefoil and "Sphagnum squarrosum". The site has experienced rapid changes in water levels during its history, and contains the trunks of birch trees which died when the area flooded. It is now being colonised by alder and willow.
Multiple other wetland SSSIs fall within the historical bounds of Delamere Forest, including Hatch Mere and Flaxmere Moss, which lie immediately outside the Forestry Commission boundary, as well as Abbotts Moss, Oak Mere and Pettypool Brook Valley. Little Budworth Common SSSI and the woodland around Abbotts Moss are considered to be among the closest modern representatives of the forest before human settlement in the area.
Recreational uses.
Delamere Forest is a popular recreational area, drawing visitors mainly from nearby urban areas. Three long-distance footpaths meander through the forest, the Sandstone Trail, Delamere Way and Baker Way. Two waymarked circular walking trails of and two waymarked cycling trails of start near the Linmere Visitor Centre; the cycling trails are also open to walkers. There are two easy-access circular trails which are suitable for wheelchair users and pushchairs; one starts at Barnsbridge car park and leads to Blakemere Moss ( in length), the other explores Old Pale hill from the Linmere Visitor Centre. Numerous non-waymarked footpaths are also available for both cyclists and walkers. There is a large area of dirt cycle jumps on Manley Hill for extreme mountain biking enthusiasts.
Other activities include horse riding, jogging, orienteering, bird watching and nature study. Britain's largest Go Ape facility opened in Delamere Forest in 2006; it includes numerous zip wires, Tarzan swings, tightropes and nets high in the treetops. Delamere Forest is the venue for the northern Hellrunner cross-country race, and the Sandstone Trail Race finishes in the forest.
Since 2003, the Old Pale area of the forest has served as a music venue, playing host to performers including Ian Brown, The Charlatans, Jools Holland, Status Quo, Sugababes, Paul Weller, The Zutons, Doves and Elbow. The forest has also been used for open-air theatre.
Facilities for visitors.
The Linmere Visitor Centre () has a covered picnic area, café, toilets (including disabled), and a cycle hire facility and shop. Picnic facilities are also found at numerous points within the forest including most parking areas, and refreshments are available at weekends at the Barnsbridge and Whitefield car parks during the peak season. A classroom and "learning garden" near the visitor centre can be hired for educational visits.
Parking is restricted to the six car parks. Four pay car parks are accessed from the B5152: the Linmere (), Station () and Old Pale () car parks are close to the Linmere Visitor Centre; the extensive Whitefield car park () is suitable for horse boxes and coaches. Two free car parks, Barnsbridge () and Brines Brow (), are located off Ashton Road.

</doc>
<doc id="2927241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927241" title="Jeff Fenholt">
Jeff Fenholt

Jeffrey Craig "Jeff" Fenholt (born 1951) is an American singer best known for his performance as the title character in the original Broadway theatre adaptation of "Jesus Christ Superstar" and for his appearance on the cover of "Time Magazine". In later years, Fenholt would gain notoriety as a Christian evangelist and singer, as well as controversy over his involvement with the English heavy metal band Black Sabbath.
Background and early years.
Fenholt grew up in Ohio and went to school in Columbus. He was involved with a number of rock bands and performed at various school functions. Fenholt got his first Top 40 hit, ("Billboard Top 100") recording "Goin' Too Far" with the band The Fifth Order when he was 14. He toured extensively while he was in high school. By his own admission, he was a troubled youth with a juvenile delinquency record. Later, while in college, he worked at Jeffrey Mining Machinery Co. as a material mover in the motor winding and assembly department, and loading and unloading beef sides for a non-union roughneck truck dock, EC Jones, Trucking. Fenholt attended Ohio State University for two years on a music scholarship, and later earned his B.A. in music at The School of Bible Theology University in San Jacinto, California.
Fenholt was cast as Jesus in the title role in the Original Broadway Production of "Jesus Christ Superstar" at the Mark Hellinger Theatre. 
Jesus Christ Superstar sold in excess of 12 million albums. 
Future "JCS" legends Carl Anderson (singer) and Yvonne Elliman toured alongside Fenholt on the World Premier JCS World Tour as Judas and Mary Magdalene, respectively. 
Fenholt released several solo recordings, including a successful cover of Graham Nash's "Simple Man".
Fenholt co-founded "Entertainment Capital Corporation" with Jeff Thornburg, former President of The Robert Stigwood Org, producing Andy Warhol's film, "Bad". ECC also produced recordings for Fenholt. Thornburg and Fenholt amicably parted ways when Thornburg accepted the position of "Head Of Venture Capital" for Paramount Pictures.
In 1978, Fenholt recorded a Disco LP called "Smile" for CBS and was paid $300,000 dollars. Fenholt also recorded for Capitol Records, Universal, Paramount, Polygram, Polydor, Decca, RCA, and as a youth, Laurie, Diamond and Cameo Parkway. He is currently recording for Sony.
Fenholt's 1994 autobiography "From Darkness To Light" makes substantial allegations of abuse and mistreatment as a youth, including claims that he was subjected to frequent beatings. In 1996, Fenholt's parents sued him, Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN), and the publisher of his autobiography for $12 million each for defamation of character. Fenholt's siblings claimed he made up the stories of abuse. The lawsuit was subsequently dropped after Fenholt produced court documents from the Superior Court Of Franklin County, Ohio, confirming his claims, and Fenholt later claimed that he has a "warm relationship" with his mother and family.
Conversion to Christianity.
According to Fenholt's autobiography, he was heavily addicted to alcohol and drugs following the end of "Jesus Christ Superstar"'s run on Broadway. Fenholt's often-repeated testimony (later published in his autobiography) details a visit from Christian construction workers (Nick Disipio, owner, hired by his Christian wife to rebuild a wing of his house) who confronted him regarding his portrayal of Christ on stage. Fenholt was converted to Christ, beat his addictions, then spent the next several years struggling to balance his faith and his career, before becoming a high-profile personality on programming aired by TBN.
Fenholt sported long hair, an unusual style in conservative evangelical circles. Fenholt would often appear with his wife Maureen (nicknamed "Reeni").
Involvement with Tony Iommi/Black Sabbath.
Fenholt built his career as a TBN personality based mostly upon his involvement with "Jesus Christ Superstar", and Black Sabbath. In the "Black Sabbath Biography" publication, "Never Say Die", Fenholt said that Black Sabbath manager Don Arden informed him he was singing for Black Sabbath.
The "Never Say Die" book, authored by Garry Sharpe-Young and updated as "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath - The Battle for Black Sabbath", states that a substantial number of recordings were made during Fenholt's time with the group. It is acknowledged that this was a confusing time in the band history, as singer David Donato had left the band after six months only having recorded demos. Geezer Butler and Bill Ward had also left, leaving Tony Iommi as the sole original member.
Manager Don Arden suggested Iommi use Fenholt and tracks were written, in the main by Iommi and Nicholls, for a proposed new album. The book "Never Say Die" voices opinion from other band members that Fenholt might have been kept in the dark about plans to make an Iommi solo album. Geoff Nicholls has stated that after Fenholt's departure, Iommi wanted to use different singers, including David Coverdale, Steve Marriott, Glenn Hughes and Rob Halford. 
Fenholt says several of his melodies were used in songs that appeared on "Seventh Star" (and subsequently did not receive credit for them). None of his lyrics were used, as confirmed by comparing the Fenholt demos with the album. Rumors suggesting he only left the project because of supposed personal conflicts with the lyrical material being written and his religious faith are suggested by Fenholt and Geoff Nicholls, who wrote the lyrics. Fenholt claims it was in fact a physical argument with Don Arden, along with Iommi's bad habits and Tony's proposed dark lyrics that caused his departure. However, Iommi has stated that Fenholt was never an official member of Black Sabbath. Iommi went on to say that he thought Fenholt had a great voice, but it didn't work, due to Fenholt having difficulty in singing "Sabbath" type lyrics and fitting in. 
After his time with Iommi, Fenholt would briefly replace Jeff Scott Soto in Rudy Sarzo, of Ozzy and Whitesnake fame and Tommy Aldridge's, of Ozzy and Whitesnake new project, Driver. Upon recording several cuts with Driver (One of which is in common circulation amongst fans, "Rock the World") Fenholt left the project to do a solo tour of South America and was replaced by his successor in Joshua, Rob Rock. Following a legal dispute with another band of the same name, the Driver project would change its name to M.A.R.S., upon the recruitment of guitarist Tony MacAlpine. Only one album was released, 1986's "Project: Driver", before the band officially disbanded.
Fenholt continued as a solo Christian artist to perform numerous American and World Tours in Stadiums and Arenas, often drawing in excess of 100,000 in attendance.
Departure.
In 1993 Fenholt announced on the TV program "The 700 Club" that he planned to do a Halloween concert in an arena in Mount Horeb, Wisconsin. Having advance notification from the Attorney General of Massachusetts of his arrival in Wisconsin, Wiccan Priest Selena Fox (Circle Sanctuary) got a restraining order from the local county court prohibiting not only his trespass onto private property but actually specifying that he stay a particular distance from the property line. Fenholt won in court.
In 1996, Fenholt was The Chairman of "Washington For Jesus" youth rally on The Nation's Capital Steps, drawing nearly 500,000 in attendance. Fenholt raised over $1.7 million to stage the event, donating over $300,00 of his own funds.
In the December 1997 issue, Vanity Fair detailed his past as a "boy toy" for Gala Dalí, wife of Salvador Dalí and that Fenholt had worked on the side as a representative for Salvador Dalí. The article was titled, "Gala, Dali's Demon Bride". Fenholt was outraged at the depiction of Gala, and wrote a scathing letter to the editor, stating they had no evidence to substantiate their smear campaign of Gala. 
Fenholt was divorced in 1998 and left TBN, except for a few brief appearances, including one after the events of September 11, 2001, that featured a marked change in his demeanor and appearance, including short hair and a quick exit from the stage following his performance. His album of sacred music was TBN's promotion in December 2001. Fenholt recorded 5 solo albums for TBN, featuring many of his own compositions. They sold in excess of 3.3 million copies. Fenholt earned 1 Platinum and 2 Gold albums . He was also briefly seen doing a late-night timeslot for a half-hour program. Fenholt stated that after his divorce he had "lost his fire".
Fenholt returned to TBN on March 3, 2004, as a guest on the "Behind the Scenes" program, hosted by Paul Crouch. Fenholt mentioned Black Sabbath, citing the book 'Never Say Die', a "Black Sabbath" biography.
In 2008, Fenholt was hired as Executive Producer of The Beijing Olympic Concert Series.
Fenholt has involved himself in several successful business ventures. 
He has been living with his wife, Kim, at his beach house in Newport Beach, Cal., and his Ranch in Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="2927242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927242" title="List of Lepidoptera that feed on alders">
List of Lepidoptera that feed on alders

Alders ("Alnus spp.") are used as food plants by the larvae of a number of Lepidoptera species:
Monophagous.
Species which feed exclusively on "Alnus":
Polyphagous.
Species which feed on "Alnus" among other plants:

</doc>
<doc id="2927252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927252" title="Peter Xu">
Peter Xu

Peter Xu (徐永泽 Xu Yongze; 9 October 1940) is the founder of an Evangelical Christian movement in China known as the "New Birth", "All Range" (全范围教会 Quanfanwei jiaohui), or "Born Again Movement." It is a Chinese house church movement, unregistered by the Chinese government. In 1997, he was sentenced to three years in prison for his leadership role. He moved to the United States following his release.
He is one of the subjects of the book Back to Jerusalem: Three Chinese House Church Leaders Share Their Vision to Complete the Great Commission by Paul Hattaway.

</doc>
<doc id="2927258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927258" title="Parks and open spaces in Hammersmith and Fulham">
Parks and open spaces in Hammersmith and Fulham

The London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, an Inner London borough, has 231 hectares of parks and open spaces that are accessible to the general public, 159 hectares being within parks and 52.5 hectares within cemeteries and churchyards. Wormwood Scrubs and "Scrubs Wood", located in the north of the Borough account for 42 hectares and Fulham Palace and Bishop's Park grounds contain another 14 hectares of open space. Private open space includes Hurlingham, Fulham and Queen's Club in West Kensington.
The main areas of open space in the Borough are:
and two Thames riverside developments, under creation at:

</doc>
<doc id="2927269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927269" title="M. Şükrü Hanioğlu">
M. Şükrü Hanioğlu

M. Şükrü Hanioğlu is a Turkish professor of late Ottoman history in the Department of Near Eastern Studies at Princeton University. From July 2005 he is the department chair. 
He received his B.A. in Political Science and Economics and his Ph.D. in Political Science from Istanbul University. His thesis was on the political activities and thought of one of the founders of the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP), Dr. Abdullah Cevdet.
He has done extensive research on the history of the CUP during the period from 1889 to 1908, i.e. from its foundation to the Young Turk Revolution using organization's own papers (since it was an underground organization), archival sources including those found in the Turkish, German, Austrian, French, Swiss, Italian, Greek, and British archives. He was also the first foreign scholar to visit the national archives of Albania, during the period when hardly anyone could visit the country. 

</doc>
<doc id="2927273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927273" title="Margaret Tait">
Margaret Tait

Margaret Caroline Tait (11 November 1918 – 16 April 1999) was a Scottish film maker and poet.
Life.
Tait was born and raised in Kirkwall on Orkney, an island off the coast of Scotland.
Tait died in Kirkwall in 1999.
Training and career.
Tait attended the University of Edinburgh, gaining qualifications in Medicine (1941). She later moved to Rome, where she studied filmmaking at the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia (1950-1952).
After studying in Italy, Tait returned to Scotland and founded Ancona Films. On her move back to Orkney in the 1960s Tait continued to make films and took inspiration from the landscape and culture of Orkney.
Tait made 32 short films and one full-length feature, "Blue Black Permanent". In addition, Tait wrote prose and poetry, and published 3 poetry books - "origins and elements", "The Hen and the Bees", and "Subjects and Sequences".

</doc>
<doc id="2927274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927274" title="Carambar">
Carambar

Carambar is a chewy caramel candy from France.
History.
In 1954, Mr Fauchille, director of the Delespaul-Havez company, and Mr. Galois an employee had a surplus of cocoa and decided to create a new, original recipe to use it up. The legend says that one of the machines in the factory was malfunctioning, making the long bars that still exists today. This sweet, in the form of a bar was christened Caram'bar.
Each of the original Caram'bars were a regulated size and weight. The statistics are as follows:
Inside of the wrappers, there were "Carambar points" which could be redeemed for various Carambar-related products until 1961 when points where replaced by jokes. Carambar is famous for the poor quality of these jokes, and the expression "blague Carambar" (French: "Carambar joke") refers to a bad or childish joke.
In 1972, the name changed to "Super Caram'bar". In 1977, the name lost its apostrophe.
Flavours.
Currently, there are many different flavours all available in multipacks:
There are now various other flavours available which include the Carambar Atomic which has sherbert inside. These have strange names like Green Cactus. There are Titeuf ones which have pictures of the Swiss comic strip star Titeuf and his friends. The Titeuf Carambars are blue on the outside and yellow inside or vice versa.

</doc>
<doc id="2927275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927275" title="Lotha language">
Lotha language

The Lotha (Lhota) language is spoken by approximately 166,000 people in the northeastern Indian state of Nagaland. It is centered in the small district of Wokha (capital Wokha). This district has more than 114 villages such as Pangti, Maraju (Merapani), Englan, Baghty (Pakti) and others, where the language is widely spoken and studied. It belongs to the Tibeto-Burman branch of the Sino-Tibetan family of languages, which are primarily concentrated in that region. The language resembles its northern neighbor Ao, as well as the Meitei language spoken in the state of Manipur.
Lotha is written in the Latin script, introduced by the British and American missionaries in the late 19th century. It is a medium of education up to the post-graduate level in the state of Nagaland. It is also the language in which the church sermons are preached. The Bible has been translated into the Lotha language, adding significantly to its vocabulary, which had an influence of Assamese and Hindi. The language has been carried to all parts of the country by the waves of emigrants.

</doc>
<doc id="2927288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927288" title="Walton and Weybridge Urban District">
Walton and Weybridge Urban District

Walton and Weybridge was a local government district in Surrey, England from 1933 to 1974.
It was formed by a County Review Order in 1933 by the merger of the urban districts of Walton-on-Thames and Weybridge.
The district was abolished in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 and now forms part of the Elmbridge district.

</doc>
<doc id="2927297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927297" title="Broker Dealer Exchange">
Broker Dealer Exchange

Broker Dealer Exchange, LLC (often referred to as BDX) is an investment bank. Headquartered in downtown New York City at Hannover Square, BDX operates from several offices in New York City, Los Angeles, St Petersburg and London.
BDX is mostly involved in Mergers and Acquisitions in the small to middle market Broker-dealer space, although it does have a business of introducing buyers and sellers of other financial services assets, e.g. individual brokerage and financial planning practices, books of business, trading platforms, and "shell" Broker Dealers. Broker Dealer Exchange's founders include Rogan LaBier .

</doc>
<doc id="2927303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927303" title="Ince">
Ince

Ince is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It is situated immediately to the east of the Stanlow Oil Refinery. It shares Ince and Elton railway station with the village of Elton, which it runs into. According to the 2001 Census, it was recorded as having a population of 209.
Ince was formerly a township and parish in Eddisbury Hundred and became part of Ellesmere Port civil parish in 1950. The population stood at 443 in 1801, 422 in 1851 and 290 in 1901.
Ince Park is being developed near the village.
Transport links.
Ince and Elton railway station serves both Ince and Elton villages, although it is situated just within the Elton boundary. There are infrequent Monday - Saturday services to Ellesmere Port, Stanlow & Thornton, Helsby, Liverpool Lime Street, and Warrington Bank Quay. The nearest station with better services and facilities is either Ellesmere Port or Helsby.
The number 36 bus visits Ince hourly in each direction, and operates from Ellesmere Port bus station with a destination of Runcorn. This service is operated by GHA Coaches, and will be supported financially by Cheshire County Council until 6 June 2012, when the service will become the X36, running commercially between Ellesmere Port and Liverpool Airport. Ince also has a few morning and evening journeys on service DB8 to Chester Business Park.
Public transport in Ince is supported by the North Cheshire Rail User Group, (NCRUG). It campaigns for better rail services and improved public transport interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="2927315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927315" title="Okayama Castle">
Okayama Castle

In stark contrast to the white "Egret Castle" of neighboring Himeji, Okayama Castle has a black exterior, earning it the nickname . (The black castle of Matsumoto in Nagano is also known as "Crow Castle", but it is "karasu-jo" in Japanese.) 
Today, only a few parts of Okayama Castle's roof (including the fish-shaped-gargoyles) are gilded in gold, but prior to the Battle of Sekigahara the main keep also featured gilded roof tiles, earning it the nickname .
Construction of Okayama Castle was started in 1573 by Ukita Naoie and completed by his son Hideie in 1597. Three years later, Hideie sided with the ill-fated Toyotomi Clan at the Battle of Sekigahara, was captured by the Tokugawa Clan and exiled to the island prison of Hachijo. The castle and surrounding fiefdoms were given to Kobayakawa Hideaki as spoils of war. Kobayakawa died just two years later without leaving an heir, and the castle (and fiefdom) was given to the Ikeda Clan, who later added Kōraku-en as a private garden.
In 1869 the castle became the property of the Meiji government's "Hyōbu-shō" (Ministry of War), who saw the 'samurai' era castles as archaic and unnecessary. Like many other castles throughout Japan, the outer moats were filled in and the old castle walls gradually disappeared underneath the city. On June 29, 1945, allied bombers burnt the castle to the ground. Reconstruction work began in 1964 and was completed in 1966. In 1996 the rooftop gargoyles were gilded as part of the 400th anniversary celebrations.
The reconstructed castle is a concrete building complete with air-conditioning, elevators and numerous displays documenting the castle's history (with a heavy focus on the Ikeda era.) Little information is available in English. Access to the inner sanctuary is free.

</doc>
<doc id="2927322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927322" title="Foundation (evidence)">
Foundation (evidence)

In law, a foundation is sufficient preliminary evidence of the authenticity and relevance for the admission of material evidence in the form of exhibits or testimony of witnesses. Material evidence is important evidence that may serve to determine the outcome of a case. Exhibits include real evidence, illustrative evidence, demonstrative evidence, and documentary evidence. The type of preliminary evidence necessary to lay the proper foundation depends on the form and type of material evidence offered.
The lack of foundation is a valid objection that an adverse party may raise during trial.

</doc>
<doc id="2927329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927329" title="List of Ramon Magsaysay Award winners">
List of Ramon Magsaysay Award winners

The following is a partial list of the awardees of the Ramon Magsaysay Award. See External links at bottom of this page for a complete list. Awardees' individual nationality or country of origin and citizenship are indicated.
GS Government Service
PS Public Service
CL Community Leadership
JLCCA Journalism, Literature, and the Creative Communication Arts
PIU Peace and International Understanding
EL Emergent Leadership

</doc>
<doc id="2927344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927344" title="Buck Island">
Buck Island

Buck Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2927346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927346" title="Platon Oyunsky">
Platon Oyunsky

Platon Oyunsky (; (; — 31 October 1939), pseudonym of Platon Alekseevich Sleptsov ("Платон Алексеевич Слепцов") was a Soviet Yakut statesman, writer and translator, seen as one of the founders of modern Yakut literature. He took part in the creation of the national written language and in the cultural building of the modern Yakut nation. Oyunsky is one of organizers of the Yakut autonomous republic, the Union of writers of Yakutia, Language and literature scientific research Institute.
He was born in 3 Zhekhsogon nasleg of Boturuss (nowadays Tatta) ulus. The origin of Sleptsovs was called "the origin of a shaman" - such an etymology of Oyunsky's per-name. He was prosecuted during the Great Purge, and died in prison in 1939. He was rehabilitated on 15.10.1955.
Oyunsky collected and published a number of Olonkho epic poems.
The State Prize of the Yakut ASSR, awarded for achievements in literature, arts, and architecture, was named after him. His name bears the Sakha drama theater, a literary museum, one of the streets in Yakutsk.

</doc>
<doc id="2927358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927358" title="Move by nature">
Move by nature

In game theory a move by nature is a "decision" or "move" in an extensive form game made by a player who has no strategic interests in the outcome. The effect is to add a player, 'Nature', whose practical role is to act as a random number generator. For instance, a game of Poker requires a dealer to choose which cards a player is dealt, the dealer plays the role of the Nature player
Fig.1 shows a signaling game which begins with a move by nature. Moves by nature are an integral part of games of incomplete information.

</doc>
<doc id="2927366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927366" title="Wheat weevil">
Wheat weevil

The wheat weevil, Sitophilus granarius (also known as the grain weevil or granary weevil), occurs all over the world and is a common pest in many places. It can cause significant damage to harvested grains that are being stored and may drastically decrease yields. The females lay many eggs and the larvae eat the inside of the grain kernels.
Identification.
Adult wheat weevils are about long with elongated snouts and chewing mouthparts. Depending on the grain kernels, the sizes vary. In small grains, such as millet or milo maize, they are small in size, but they are larger in corn. The adults are a reddish-brown colour and lack distinguishing marks. Adult wheat weevils are not capable of flight. Larvae are legless, humpbacked and white with a tan head. Weevils in pupae stage have snouts like the adults.
Natural history.
Life cycle.
Female wheat weevils lay between 36 and 254 eggs and usually one egg is deposited in each grain kernel. All larval stages and the pupal stage occur within the grain. The larvae feed inside the grain until pupation, after which they bore a hole out of the grain and emerge. They are rarely seen outside of the grain kernel. The life cycle takes about 5 weeks in the summer, but may take up to 20 weeks in cooler temperatures. Adults can live for up to 8 months after emerging.
Behaviour.
Adult wheat weevils when threatened or disturbed will pull their legs close to the body and feign death. Female weevils can tell if a grain kernel has had an egg laid in it by another weevil. They will avoid laying another egg in this grain. Females chew a hole, deposit an egg, and seal the hole with a gelatinous secretion. This may be how other females know the grain has an egg in it already. This ensures the young will survive and produce another generation. Researchers estimate that one pair of weevils may produce up to 6,000 offsprings per year.
Human impact.
Wheat weevils are a pest of many types of grain and may lay their eggs in wheat, oats, rye, barley, rice and corn. Wheat weevils cause an unknown amount of damage worldwide because it is hard to keep track of so much information, especially in places where the grain harvests are not measured. They are hard to detect and usually all of the grain in an infested storage facility must be destroyed. There are many ways to attempt to get rid of the wheat weevil. There are pesticides, different methods of masking the odour of the grain with unpleasant scents, and introducing other organisms that are predators of the weevils.
Prevention and control.
Sanitation and inspection are the keys to prevent the infestation. Store grains in preferably metallic (cardboard, even fortified, is easily drilled through) containers with tight lids in a refrigerator or a freezer and purchase in small quantities. If any suspicion has arisen, carefully examine the grains for adult insects or holes in the grain kernels. Another method is to immerse them in water. If they float to the surface, it is a good indication of infestation. Even if identified early, disposal may be the only effective solution. 
Deltamathrin powder (WP) is another solution to weevil infestation in grains.

</doc>
<doc id="2927371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927371" title="Fox's Biscuits">
Fox's Biscuits

Fox's Biscuits is a British biscuit manufacturer, founded by the Fox family in a terrace house in Whitaker Street, Batley in West Yorkshire in 1853 and the head office and main factory are still based in the town with two further sites at Uttoxeter in Staffordshire, and at Kirkham in Lancashire. Their biscuits are also exported to Europe, North America and the Far East. The house in Whittater Street still stands though no marker is in place to record its place in the company's history. The company was purchased by Northern Foods in 1977.
The business is known for mass-market biscuits and chocolate-covered biscuit bars such as Rocky, Classic, Echo, Crunch Creams and children's favourite Party Rings. They are also known for their Sports Biscuits (invented by David Glen in 1971).
The Managing Director for a number of years was Scotsman James Montgomerie, father of golfer Colin Montgomerie.
History.
The biscuit manufacturer was founded in 1853, by Michael Spedding, who worked from his small bakehouse in Batley making "eatables" to sell at feasts and fairs held throughout the north of England. His daughter Hannah provided the name for the company, after she married Fred Ellis Fox in the late 1800s.
The bakery moved to former wartime allotments in Batley in 1927 in the 1920s. In 1960 it became a limited company and was named Fox's Biscuits. In September 2013, the Yorkshire Society unveiled a White Rose plaque at the site of the first bakery on Whitaker Street: the first time that the Society presented a plaque to commemorate the formation of a business.
Vinnie.
On May 28, 2008 Fox's Biscuits launched a TV ad campaign and £5 million marketing campaign centred on "Vinnie", a "danda" - a cross between a dog and a panda - meant to be Fox's "number one fan" who had travelled across the Atlantic to make sure everybody knew who makes his favourite biscuits (which he mispronounces with a "w" instead of a "u"). The idea of Vinnie was developed with the animation team behind Disney's "The Chronicles of Narnia", MPC and Mother London. The supporting website and social media was developed by Sheffield agency, Dig for Fire.
Biscuit products.
The company website contains nutritional and allergy information as well as descriptions of each product. The biscuits currently manufactured by Fox's are:

</doc>
<doc id="2927372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927372" title="Maria Josepha of Austria">
Maria Josepha of Austria

Maria Josepha of Austria (Maria Josepha Benedikta Antonia Theresia Xaveria Philippine, ; 8 December 1699 – 17 November 1757) was born an Archduchess of Austria, and from 1711 to 1713 was heiress presumptive to the Habsburg Empire. By her marriage to Augustus of Saxony she was the Electress of Saxony and Queen consort of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Family.
Maria Josepha was born in Vienna, an Archduchess of Austria as the eldest child of Joseph I, Holy Roman Emperor, and Princess Wilhelmina Amalia of Brunswick-Lüneburg. During the reign of her grandfather, Maria Josepha's father and uncle signed the Mutual Pact of Succession of 1703, which was issued by her grandfather, Emperor Leopold I, and effectively made Maria Josepha the heiress presumptive to her uncle, Emperor Charles VI; however, Charles VI's Pragmatic Sanction of 1713 annulled the earlier agreement and made his daughter Maria Theresa his successor instead of Maria Josepha.
Maria Josepha was schooled by her mother in a wide range of Catholic penitential practices in which devotion to the saints and the Eucharist played a major part. 
Marriage.
A marriage between Maria Josepha and Frederick Augustus II, Elector of Saxony (1733–1763) had been suggested by Frederick's father, August II the Strong, since 1704. The fact that Maria Josepha was not allowed to marry a non-Catholic, however, prevented the marriage. When Augustus converted to Catholicism in 1712, the negotiations became serious. On 20 August 1719, Maria Josepha and Frederick Augustus married. Through this marriage between the Houses of Wettin and Habsburg, Frederick Augustus II's father, hoped to place Saxony in a better position should there arise a war of succession to the Austrian territories. The couple's eldest surviving son, Frederick Christian, eventually succeeded his father as Elector of Saxony. In Saxony, the couple lived at Dresden Castle. The marriage has been described as happy, and Augustus were apparently never unfaithful.
Queen and Electress.
In 1733, Frederick Augustus was elected King of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth as August III the Saxon. Maria Josepha was crowned 20 January 1734. Queen Maria Josepha was described as ambitious, intelligent and religious. She founded many churches and convents and gave her strong support to the Polish Jesuits.
As queen of Poland and electress of Saxony, she divided her time between the two nations. Though Saxony was her main residence, she enjoyed her stays in Poland because it was a Catholic nation were she could exercise her faith openly: between November 1734 to February 1736 she and Frederick Augustus stayed their longest visit to Poland, prolonged because of the War of the Polish Succession, but continued to make frequent trips, five one lasting from between five to eight months each, and several shorter trips lasting a couple om months less. She learned to speak Polish, and was often present during the assemblies of the Polish parliament. During her period of absence, she frequently corresponded with her children in French, and she had a somewhat more close relationship to them than what was usual for her class: she gave them pet names and encouraged them to write to her in an informal way. She shared an interest of music, art and hunting with her spouse, and they usually spent their autumns at the Palace of Hubertusburg for the hunting season. She was devoted to Catholicism and especially worshiped saint Francis Xavier, and was actively involved in the building of the Catholic Hofkirche in Dresden. Her personal confessor, the Jesuit Fr. Anton Hermann, did actually criticize her for being too religious from what was proper from someone not a member of a Catholic monastic order: she attended mass twice and eventually four times a day and kept more devotions than what was normal for a nun or a monk, and he eventually lectured her that she was more fervent than what could be regarded as modest for a lay person. She did, however, not persecute non-Catholics, and once stressed to the heir to the throne that he should not persecute the non-Catholic but allow them all freedom though let himself be guided by the Catholic faith: she also gave alms to both the Catholic and Protestant poor. Despite her personal strict moral, she was reportedly not a prude and got along quite nicely with the illegitimate half siblings of her spouse. She was rivaled in her influence over her spouse by Heinrich von Brühl. 
Queen Maria Josepha was politically active and, though not formally proclaimed regent during the absence of her spouse, she informally acted as his representative. It was known and acknowledged by the court that she participated in the affairs of state, and the ministers and ambassadors duly reported to her. She also managed a large diplomatic correspondence. Maria Josepha was reportedly not on good terms with her eldest son Frederick Christian. She wished for her younger son Francis Xavier to be elected king of Poland rather than Frederick Christian succeeding his father on both thrones, and she prevented Frederick Christian and his spouse from visiting Poland to prevent them from making connections there. She undermined any attempts of Frederick Christian to found a power base of his own before the death of his father, and among other things prevented a meeting between him and his spouse with empress Maria Theresa in Bohemia in 1754. 
During the War of the Austrian Succession in 1740, she claimed the throne on behalf of her spouse. She relinquished her claim in favor of her sister, Maria Amalia's spouse, and in 1742 made an alliance with Austria. 
During the seven years war, Maria Josepha stayed behind in Dresden with Frederick Christian and his spouse Maria Antonia, after her husband left on 20 October 1756. She remained in Dresden when the city was taken by the Prussian army. She, as well as Frederick Christian and his spouse Maria Antonia, were all placed under house arrest at the palace of Dresden guarded by a Prussian commandant. Maria Josepha was banned from writing to her sons, but did engage in correspondence with invisible inc and use her net of correspondence to help her son and daughter-in-law to encourage resistance in Saxony against the invading Prussians: despite several restrictions, she managed to channel secret information on the Saxon Filed Marshall Browne besieged by Frederick the Great at Struppen. On 4 April 1757, her Mistress of the Chamber, Countess Ogilvy, was arrested. Her last letter of 6 September was sent to the Austrian empress through her exiled son, in which she also mentions that this would be her last, as she was too heavily guarded. 
On 17 November 1757, Maria Josepha died in Dresden of a stroke and was buried in the Wettin vault of the Katholische Hofkirche ("Catholic Court Church") in Dresden.
Issue.
Maria Josepha and Frederick Augustus had fourteen children:

</doc>
<doc id="2927379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927379" title="Darren Byfield">
Darren Byfield

Darren Asherton Byfield (born 29 September 1976) is a footballer who most recently played for Conference National side Tamworth, where he played as a forward.
Byfield won six caps for Jamaica in 2003, and has scored 110 goals in 484 appearances across all domestic competitions so far in his football career. He was briefly married to pop star Jamelia, with whom he had one child.
He began his career with Aston Villa in 1997, and enjoyed loan spells with Preston North End, Northampton Town, Cambridge United, and Blackpool, before winning a move to Walsall in June 2000. He scored the winning goal in the 2001 Second Division play-off final, and then made a £50,000 move to Rotherham United in March 2002. He was traded to Sunderland in February 2004, and then moved on to Gillingham five months later. He transferred to Millwall in June 2006, before joining Bristol City in August 2007. He moved on to Doncaster Rovers in July 2008, before linking up with Oldham Athletic in August 2009, having played on loan at the club during the previous season. His stay at Oldham lasted only a handful of games, after which he returned to Walsall. He left the Football League in June 2011 following an injury-hit 2010–11 campaign. He joined non-league Solihull Moors for a brief spell in March 2012, before moving on to AFC Telford United six months later. He joined Tamworth in January 2013.
Club career.
Byfield started his career at Aston Villa, and graduated through the club's Academy to make his Premier League debut on 28 December 1997, in a 1–1 draw with Leeds United at Elland Road. Given his debut by outgoing boss Brian Little, he rarely featured under new "Villans" manager John Gregory. He made six further substitute appearances in 1997–98.
He appeared in the UEFA Cup in a 3–2 win over Norwegian outfit Strømsgodset IF at Villa Park on 15 September 1998. Byfield was loaned out to Preston North End in November 1998, and scored on his debut at Deepdale on 7 November, in a 4–1 win over Burnley. He played four further Second Division games for David Moyes's "Lilywhites", and did not feature in the latter half of the 1998–99 season.
He joined Northampton Town on a six-week loan in August 1999, and scored twice in seven games for the "Cobblers". After the departure of manager Ian Atkins, Kevin Wilson led the Sixfields outfit to promotion out of the Third Division. Byfield meanwhile joined Cambridge United on loan immediately after leaving Northampton, and featured four times at the Abbey Stadium under manager Roy McFarland. In March 2000 he joined Blackpool on loan, in his third such move of the 1999–2000 campaign. He played three Second Division games for Steve McMahon's "Seasiders", in a brief stay at Bloomfield Road.
In June 2000, Byfield signed with Ray Graydon's Second Division side Walsall. He hit 11 goals in 51 games in 2000–01, and scored the winning goal in the 109th minute of the play-off final, giving the "Saddlers" a 3–2 victory over Reading. He scored four goals in 37 First Division games in 2001–02, and left the Bescot Stadium soon after Colin Lee was appointed as manager.
In March 2002, he joined Rotherham United in a £50,000 deal. He got off to a flying start to his Millmoor career, hitting two goals in three games at the back end of the 2001–02 campaign. He scored 13 goals in 38 games in 2002–03, and told the media that "Even if the manager (Ronnie Moore) brought in Ruud van Nistelrooy and Alan Shearer it wouldn't bother me, I am very confident in my own abilities." His tally included four goals against Millwall on 10 August in a "stunning display" on the opening day of the season. He went on to bag eight goals in 33 appearances for the "Millers" in 2003–04.
After Rotherham rejected a bid from Derby County, he signed with Sunderland in February 2004, after the two clubs agreed to a trade for Michael Proctor. Byfield scored five goals in 17 games for Mick McCarthy's "Black Cats" in the latter half of the 2003–04 campaign, before departing the Stadium of Light at the end of the season.
Byfield signed a two-year contract with Championship club Gillingham in July 2004, after rejecting offers from former clubs Preston and Walsall. He hit just six goals in 39 appearances in 2004–05, despite maintaining an excellent work rate. The club suffered relegation into League One, as well as a merry-go-round of managers, with Andy Hessenthaler making way for Stan Ternent, who was in turn replaced by Neale Cooper and then Ronnie Jepson. Byfield told the press that his teammates should take the blame for Neale Cooper's departure in November 2005, and should be "ashamed" of their performances. Byfield scored 14 goals during the 2005–06 campaign, becoming the club's top-scorer, despite spending two months on the sidelines nursing a knee injury.
He joined Millwall in June 2006, despite manager Ronnie Jepson's best efforts to keep him at Priestfield. Byfield later claimed he was not offered a new contract by the "Gills", something which chairman Paul Scally denied. Scally had previously accused Southend United manager Steve Tilson of making an illegal approach for Byfield. Having scored a hat-trick at the start of the month, he was nominated for the League One player of the month award for January, but lost out to Bristol City's Enoch Showunmi. Despite missing the end of the campaign due to an ankle injury, he scored 16 goals in 31 League One games in 2006–07 to become the club's top-scorer. However he seemed keen to move away from The Den, and did not appear in pre-season friendlies or photo opportunities. "Lions" boss Willie Donachie had previously rejected an offer of £165,000 from Brighton & Hove Albion chairman Dick Knight.
Byfield was signed by Bristol City for an undisclosed fee (in the region of £250,000) in August 2007. The Ashton Gate club exceeded all expectations in 2007–08, and top-scorer Byfield's eight goals helped them to secure a place in the Championship play-offs. However, the play-off final ended in defeat to Hull City at Wembley; Byfield was a late substitute for Nick Carle. In May 2008, Byfield was released by the "Robins", having struggled to secure a place in Gary Johnson's starting eleven after proving himself to be something of a "super-sub".
In July 2008, he joined Doncaster Rovers on a two-year deal. On 14 November, he joined Oldham Athletic on a one month loan, which was later extended until January 2009. His "Latics" debut came in a 1–0 win over Northampton Town. Manager John Sheridan described Byfield's performance as "excellent", and stated that "he caused them a lot of problems with his pace and his touch". The only goal of his eight game spell came on Boxing Day against Crewe Alexandra; he scored the opening goal in a 3–0 victory at the Alexandra Stadium. He returned to the Keepmoat Stadium at the end of the 2008–09 season, though sat out the end of the campaign after undergoing a hernia operation. He was released from his contract by manager Sean O'Driscoll on 7 May, having failed to find the net in 16 appearances for "Donny".
On 6 August 2009, Byfield joined Oldham Athletic on a short-term deal. However, after four appearances with no goals, he left Boundary Park on 25 August. Byfield re-signed with Walsall three days after leaving Oldham – to the delight of manager Chris Hutchings. He was given a contract lasting until January 2010, with an option to extend it until the end of the 2009–10 season. He formed an effective partnership with Troy Deeney, and won praise from coach Mick Kearns. Appointed club captain, he missed much of the 2010–11 season due to a knee injury, and was released by new manager Dean Smith in May 2011.
In March 2012 he signed for Solihull Moors. He featured in two Conference North games before the end of the 2011–12 season, in what was a brief stay at Damson Park. He joined League Two side Port Vale on trial in August 2012, and "proved he could still have something to offer with a busy performance" during a pre-season friendly with Nantwich Town. The "Valiants" were unable to offer him a contract due to financial problems, and Byfield instead signed a six-month deal with Conference club AFC Telford United in September, after manager Andy Sinton needed cover to deal with injuries. He moved on to Conference rivals Tamworth in January 2013, joining on non-contract terms. He scored two goals in 18 games for Dale Belford's "Lambs" in the 2012–13 season and two goals in 14 games in the 2013–14 season, before departing in May 2014 after the club were relegated out of the Conference Premier.
International career.
Though born in Birmingham, his Jamaican heritage allowed him to win six caps for Jamaica in 2003. He was a squad member for the 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup. The "Reggaeboyz" exited the tournament at the quarter-finals with a 5–0 defeat to hosts Mexico.
Personal life.
He married pop singer Jamelia in June 2008, before the pair filed for divorce in November 2009. Together they had a daughter, Tiani, on 21 October 2005. During their relationship he was also step-father to Teja, was born in 2001. In contrast to the WAGs stereotype, Jamelia was in fact a much more famous celebrity than Byfield. This led to embarrassment for Byfield when Jamelia became engaged in a public spat with Alex Curran, wife of Steven Gerrard; Curran told "OK!" magazine that "will be glad to know I don't know her boyfriend's name but Steven thinks he's lower than a non-league football player."

</doc>
<doc id="2927388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927388" title="2003 European Nations Cup">
2003 European Nations Cup

The European Nations Cup returned in 2003, being the first tournament since England last won it in 1996. The last European Nations Cup held, in 1996, followed traditional structures presented from previous tournaments, involving just three nations, England, France and Wales, all teams only playing each other once. 
The 2003 tournament saw a revised structure, with Ireland, Scotland and Russia all joining. The new structure formed the basis of two groups of three, each nation playing a total of two games, where the winner of each group meets in a final. 
Obvious favourites England easily won the final against France. 
Group 1.
Final standings.
France advanced to the final on points differential.
Group 2.
Final standings.
England advanced to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="2927420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927420" title="Burr Oak">
Burr Oak

Burr Oak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2927451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927451" title="Lotha">
Lotha

Lotha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2927460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927460" title="The Life of John Sterling">
The Life of John Sterling

The Life of John Sterling was a biography of the Scottish author John Sterling (1806-1844), written by his friend, the Scottish essayist and historian, Thomas Carlyle. It was first published in 1851.
John Sterling was a colleague and friend of Carlyle, but achieved far less success as a writer. They met when Carlyle was forty, and Sterling thirty. Their friendship, which lasted for the remaining years of Sterling's short life, was carried on for the most part through letters. When Sterling died in 1844, Carlyle and Archdeacon Hare were appointed as joint literary executors of Sterling’s work—two volumes of poetry. Hare produced an obituary of Sterling but, some years later, Carlyle wrote his biography, in part at least, to counter what he considered a poor biographical memoir by Hare.
Today, "The Life of John Sterling" is most often read as a work of Carlyle, rather than from an interest in the life of Sterling, and this was probably the case, even when the work was published in 1851. However, the biography portrays Sterling as someone who evidently regarded himself as equal to Carlyle, and perhaps this is one of the things that Carlyle liked about him. He was a great sounding board for Carlyle’s work, and a most entertaining and revealing passage is one in which Carlyle quotes Sterling’s analysis of his brilliant Sartor Resartus, in which he mocks Carlyle for making up words:
Environmentalists might be amused to discover that Carlyle did indeed make up the ’barbarous’ word "Environment" as he could find no English translation of the German "Umgebung".

</doc>
<doc id="2927501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927501" title="10 Admiral Grove">
10 Admiral Grove

10 Admiral Grove, a property in Dingle, Liverpool, England, is the house in which Ringo Starr lived for twenty years before he rose to fame with the Beatles.
Starr's infant school, St Silas Primary School, on Pengwern Street, was yards away from his front door. He was a sickly child and due to his many absences from school, was taught to read and write at home. A severe bout of peritonitis led him to spend much of his seventh year at the Royal Children’s Hospital. When Starr was 13 his mother Elsie married a Londoner, Harry Graves. The Starkey’s local pub, "The Empress", where Elsie was a barmaid, adjoins Admiral Grove. The pub was immortalised in 1970 by being featured on the front cover of Starr's first solo album "Sentimental Journey". During "Beatlemania", the documentary, "The Mersey Sound", filmed by BBC producer Don Haworth, showed Starr being mobbed by fans on Admiral Grove as he made his way to George Harrison's open-top sports car.
Birthplace in Madryn Street.
On 7 July 1940, Starr (then known as Richard Starkey) was born at 9 Madryn Street in the Liverpool neighbourhood known as the Dingle. The neighbourhood was damaged by German bombing during World War II. His father, also Richard, and mother Elsie Starkey, rented a house at 9 Madryn Street for 10 shillings (£0.50) a week. His parents separated when Starr was three years old, and Elsie and her son moved to the smaller, less expensive two up, two down house at 10 Admiral Grove, which remained Starr's home until 1963 when he became famous.
In 2010, it was announced that Starr's Madryn Street birthplace was to be demolished. Local groups called for its preservation, and the city had to board up the house due to relic hunters stealing bricks. An online petition demanding that the house be preserved by the National Trust collected nearly 4000 signatures. In 2012 Housing Minister Grant Shapps confirmed that the house would be saved from demolition. In January 2013 it was announced that local residents had backed a development plan that would include restoration of 9 Madryn Street. However, the Department for Communities and Local Government announced in September 2013 that it would hold a public inquiry into the plans.
In "The Beatles Anthology", Starr is quoted, "I don’t remember the inside of our house in Madryn Street". However, he does remember his grandparents' house, which was also in Madryn Street.
Legacy.
Elsie and Harry were persuaded to leave Admiral Grove for a house Starr had bought them in the Gateacre neighbourhood of Liverpool. Starr would pay homage to both his Madryn Street and Admiral Grove addresses in his 2008 song "Liverpool 8".

</doc>
<doc id="2927502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927502" title="Jeff Beal">
Jeff Beal

Jeff Beal (born June 20, 1963) is an American composer of music for film, television, recordings, and the concert hall. Highly regarded as a jazz instrumentalist and versatile composer, Beal's music often incorporates a synthesis of improvisatory and composed elements.
Early life.
Beal was born in Hayward, California, and began trumpet studies in the third grade after attending a school music assembly at Castro Valley's Marshall Elementary School with his father. Upon hearing the trumpet played, he chose it as his instrument. Beal's grandmother, Irene Beal, was an accomplished pianist, professional silent-movie accompanist, and fan of trumpeter Miles Davis. She gave Jeff a recording of Miles' collaboration with Gil Evans, "Sketches of Spain". Beal wrote his first long-form composition for the Oakland Youth Symphony Orchestra while a student at Castro Valley High School. OYSO conductor Kent Nagano had Jeff combine his love of jazz improvisation with an orchestral accompaniment. This merging of improvisation with classical composition has remained a hallmark of Beal's music. Beal went on to study composition and trumpet at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York, and graduated in 1985 with a Bachelor of Music degree.
Jazz career.
Beal married fellow Eastman graduate, soprano Joan (Sapiro) Beal, and the pair moved from Rochester to New York City. It was there Beal composed and recorded his debut album, "Liberation", for Island Records. Beal's jazz band went on to perform at The Blue Note and the Montreaux Jazz Festival. At the request of Chick Corea, Beal composed and recorded a concerto for the virtuosic jazz bassist, John Patitucci, for Corea's Stretch Records label. Beal's signature work, "Alternate Route", was composed for improvised trumpet and orchestra. Written fifteen years after his first long form composition, this piece was again premiered by Kent Nagano and the Berkeley Symphony Orchestra, with Beal as trumpet soloist. He has also composed improvisatory concerti for Dave Samuels, Larry Coombs, and Turtle Island String Quartet.
Film and television composing.
In the mid-1990s, Beal relocated to Los Angeles. His first critical notice came in 2001, for his minimalist Americana score to Ed Harris' directorial debut, "Pollock". He has since been nominated for twelve Emmy Awards, and has won three, one in 2007 for dramatic underscore to the TNT miniseries Nightmares & Dreamscapes Battleground episode, one in 2003 for his main theme to the USA Network detective series "Monk", and the other for a documentary aired during the 2002 Winter Olympics entitled "Peggy & Dorothy". Emmy nominations were awarded for his scoring work on HBO's evocative Depression era series, "Carnivàle", and the epic drama "Rome", also on HBO.

</doc>
<doc id="2927510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927510" title="Torralba Del Río">
Torralba Del Río

Torralba del Río is a town and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
The Santuario de Nuestra Señora de Codés is located within the Torralba del Río municipal term in the Codés Range.

</doc>
<doc id="2927520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927520" title="WHQL Testing">
WHQL Testing

Windows Hardware Quality Labs testing or WHQL Testing is Microsoft's testing process which involves running a series of tests on third-party hardware or software, and then submitting the log files from these tests to Microsoft for review. The procedure may also include Microsoft running their own tests on a wide range of equipment, such as different hardware and different Microsoft Windows editions.
Overview.
Products that pass the WHQL tests get to use a "Certified for Windows" logotype, which certifies that the hardware or software has had some share of testing by Microsoft to ensure compatibility. The actual logo used depends on the version of Microsoft Windows.
For device drivers passing the WHQL tests, Microsoft creates a digitally signed certification file that, when included in the driver installation package allows installation on 64-bit versions of Windows and prevents 32-bit versions of and all versions of from displaying a warning message that the driver has not been certified by Microsoft (see screenshot on the right).
New since June 2007 is the requirement of an Audio Fidelity Test equipment (Audio Precision SYS-2722-A-M) for System Submissions.
A company can choose to sign their own drivers rather than go through the WHQL testing process. These drivers would not qualify for the "Certified for Windows" logos, but they would install on 64-bit versions of Windows and install without a warning message on 32-bit versions of or . However, it will not install without a warning message on .
Some device drivers that have passed the WHQL tests are also made available for download using Windows Update.
When detects a new device, for which it does not have built-in drivers, it will show a
"Found New Hardware Wizard" (see screenshot on the right). The only way to avoid the "Found New Hardware Wizard" from popping up on is by pre-installing a WHQL certified driver before the device is plugged in.
The WHQL testing fee Microsoft requires is USD $250 per operating system family. This fee covers both 32-bit (x86) and 64-bit (x64) versions, if submitted simultaneously, and is non-refundable. The fee does not include other expenses, such as a Windows Server 2008 x64 license, necessary for running WHQL tests, and a VeriSign certificate, necessary for submitting test results.
Sometimes there is ambiguity over who is responsible for providing drivers, and who they are supported by. This is the case for industry standard devices which are used much more broadly than the PC platform, but for which Microsoft does not supply the drivers. For example there are no WHQL Bluetooth (stereo) headsets.

</doc>
<doc id="2927528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927528" title="Torres Del Río">
Torres Del Río

Torres del Río is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. 
This town is located by the Linares River opposite Sansol. It is known for its Templar octagonal Romanesque church, formally related to those of Segovia ("la Veracruz") and Eunate.

</doc>
<doc id="2927534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927534" title="Vinod Khanna">
Vinod Khanna

Vinod Khanna (; born 6 October 1946) is an Indian actor and film producer of Bollywood films. He is also an active politician. He is currently the sitting MP from Gurdaspur. He has appeared in 141 films between 1968 and 2013. He has also played the lead role in the Pakistani film "Godfather" released in 2007.
Early life.
Khanna was born to Kamla and Kishanchand Khanna, a textiles, dyes and chemicals businessman, on 6 October 1946, in Peshawar, British India (now in Pakistan). He has three sisters and one brother. Shortly after his birth, India was partitioned and the family left Peshawar and reached Mumbai.
He attended Queen Mary School, Mumbai until class II and then transferred to St. Xavier's High School, Fort. In 1957, the family again moved to Delhi where he attended Delhi Public School, Mathura Road. Although the family moved back to Mumbai in 1960, he was sent to Barnes School in Deolali, near Nashik. It was during his time at the boarding school that he watched the epic Solva Saal and "Mughal-e-Azam" and fell in love with motion pictures. He graduated with a commerce degree from Sydenham College.
Career.
1968-1971.
Vinod Khanna debuted in Sunil Dutt's 1968 film "Man Ka Meet" as a villain. At the start of his career, he played supporting or villainous characters in films such as "Purab Aur Paschim", "Sachaa Jhutha", "Aan Milo Sajna", and "Mastana" in 1970, and in "Mera Gaon Mera Desh" and "Elaan" in 1971.
1971-1982.
Khanna is one of the few Hindi actors who began by playing villains and moved on to play the hero. He got his first break as the solo lead hero in the film "Hum Tum Aur Woh" (1971), which was followed by the 1971 multi-hero film "Mere Apne" directed by Gulzar. In 1973, his performance as an army officer facing death row in another film scripted and directed by Gulzar, "Achanak", was critically acclaimed. The film echoed the true life story of K. M. Nanavati vs. State of Maharashtra and Khanna portrayed Kawas Nanavati, the real life Navy officer.
Between 1973 and 1982, Khanna played the lead role in in a number of movies. These include "Farebi" with Moushumi Chatterjee; "Qaid" in 1975 and "Zalim" in 1980, both together with Leena Chandavarkar; and "Inkaar" in 1978 opposite Vidya Sinha. In 1980, he starred in Feroz Khan's "Qurbani" (1980) which became the highest grossing film of that year. In "Shankar Shambhu", "Chor Sipahee" and "Ek Aur Ek Gyarah", Khanna appeared together with Shashi Kapoor; in "Hera Pheri", "Khoon Pasina", "Amar Akbar Anthony" and "Muqaddar Ka Sikandar" he played with Amitabh Bachchan; and in "Haath Ki Safai" and "Aakhri Daku" he played with Randhir Kapoor. He appeared with Sunil Dutt in "Daku Aur Jawan", and he also had supporting roles in "Sachaa Jhutha", "Prem Kahani", "Kudrat" and "Rajput", where the lead hero was played by Rajesh Khanna.
1982-1986.
Khanna became a follower of the spiritual teacher Osho (Rajneesh) and left the film industry in 1982 for five years. 
1987-present.
In 1987, Khanna returned to Bollywood with "Insaaf" where he played together with Dimple Kapadia. After his comeback he played romantic roles in "Jurm" and "Chandni", but he was mostly offered roles in action films. His Muzaffar Ali directed Dimple Kapadia starrer "Zooni" is still unreleased.
In the 1990s, Khanna worked in films including "Muqaddar Ka Badshaah", "C.I.D.", "Jurm", "Rihaee", "Lekin", and "Humshakal". He appeared in multi-hero casts in films such as "Khoon Ka Karz", "Police Aur Mujrim", "Kshatriya", "Insaaniyat Ke Devta", "Ekka Raja Rani", "Eena Meena Deeka", and the 2002 film "Kranti". In 1997 he was the producer for "Himalay Putra" in which he also starred, together with his son Akshaye Khanna.
In 1999 Vinod Khanna received a Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution to the film industry for over three decades. He has since acted in fewer films, playing character roles in "Deewaanapan" (2002), ', "Wanted" (2009) and "Dabangg" (2010). His performance as solo lead protagonist was critically acclaimed in films like ' (2005) and the 2007 Pakistani film "Godfather" (2007), as well as in the multi-star film "Risk" (2007).
He also ventured into television playing the male lead role of "Kashinath" in the Smriti Irani-produced Hindi serial "Mere Apne", which aired on the channel 9X.
Politics.
In 1997, he joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and was elected from Gurdaspur constituency in Punjab in the next year's Lok Sabha poll. In 1999, he was re-elected to the Lok Sabha from the same constituency. Later, he became union minister for culture and tourism in July 2002. Six months later, he was moved to the more important ministry of external affairs (MEA) as minister of state. In 2004 he won re-election from Gurdaspur. However, he lost out in the 2009 Lok Sabha poll. In 2014 general election he is again elected for 16th Loksabaha from Gurdaspur constituency .
Personal life.
Khanna married Geetanjali in 1971, and has two sons with her, Rahul Khanna and Akshaye Khanna. In 1975, Khanna became a disciple of Osho (Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh). In the early 1980s, he moved to Rajneeshpuram, Osho's commune in the United States, for about five years, cleaning dishes and working as Osho's gardener. His absence from his family, who remained behind in India, caused friction between the couple, and the marriage ended in divorce.
In 1990, he married Kavita. They have a son, Sakshi (born 12 May 1991), and a daughter Shraddha.

</doc>
<doc id="2927541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927541" title="Jean Trémoulet">
Jean Trémoulet

Jean Trémoulet (12 April 1909 – 13 October 1944) was a French racecar driver who won the 1938 24 Hours of Le Mans with Eugène Chaboud. He died at 35 years old, during the French War Resistance.

</doc>
<doc id="2927550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927550" title="Tulebras">
Tulebras

Tulebras is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927562" title="Úcar">
Úcar

Úcar is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927563" title="Etch pit density">
Etch pit density

The etch pit density (EPD) is a measure for the quality of semiconductor wafers. An etch solution is applied on the surface of the wafer where the etch rate is increased at dislocations of the crystal resulting in pits. For GaAs one uses typically molten KOH at 450 degrees Celsius for about 40 minutes in a zirconium crucible. The density of the pits can be determined by . Silicon wafers have usually a very low density of < 100 cm−2 while semi-insulating GaAs wafers have a density on the order of 105 cm−2. High-purity Germanium detectors require the Ge crystals to be grown with a controlled range of dislocation density to reduce impurities. The etch pitch density requirement is typically within the range 103 to 104 cm−2. 
The etch pit density can be determined according to DIN 50454-1 and ASTM F 1404.

</doc>
<doc id="2927570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927570" title="Uharte-Arakil">
Uharte-Arakil

Uharte-Arakil is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927589" title="Ujué">
Ujué

Ujué (Uxue in Basque) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
According to legend, the town was founded when a shepherd saw a dove entering a hole in the rocks; peering inside he found an image of the Virgin Mary. The name of the town comes from "Uxua" (dialectal Uxue), the Basque language word for "dove".
The 12th century fortified church of Santa María de Ujué stands on the highest point of the town; it is a fine example of Romanesque architecture, with Gothic additions. The church is listed as a National Monument. Interred in the church is the heart of Charles II of Navarre.

</doc>
<doc id="2927591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927591" title="Mercenary (band)">
Mercenary (band)

Mercenary is a melodic death metal band from Denmark, that was formed in 1991. Although they are usually labelled as a power metal band, they used aspects of thrash metal in their earlier work.
Biography.
Mercenary formed in Aalborg, Denmark in 1991 as the brainchild of Henrik "Kral" Andersen. The band name was taken from a lyric in the Slayer song, "Ghosts of War". After the release of two demos, "Domicile" (1993) and "Gummizild" (1994), they were able to sign with Black Day Records, and released a four-song EP, "Supremacy" (1996). In 1997, they were signed to the Danish label Serious Entertainment, and in 1998 they released their full-length debut, "First Breath".
In 2002, the band decided to expand their sound with the addition of pianist Morten Sandager, who greatly contributed with his keyboard as well as his brother Mikkel, who helped expand their songs with vocals into their songs. This new line-up added new dimensions to their sound, blending more melody into their more aggressive heaviness.
That year, Mercenary played at the ProgPower music festival in the United States and released their second album "Everblack". It was after this that the band fired drummer Rasmus Jacobsen, thinking he invested too little time into Mercenary and too much into other projects. During this time, guitarist Signar Petersen also left the band, due to personal reasons. Two old friends of Kral’s (drummer Mike Park Nielson, whom he had met in 1993 at a concert in Copenhagen, and Martin Buus Pedersen, whom Kral knew since he was seventeen years old and working in a music store, when Martin was testing a guitar) would soon fill in the two spots, and with this new lineup, Mercenary were signed to Century Media Records.
In 2004, Mercenary released their third full-length album, "11 Dreams". This proved to be their most commercially successful album, earning much international attention from fans and critics alike. That year, Mercenary toured as a supporting act for Evergrey, and then later with Brainstorm who were on their first headlining tour in Europe. They also played on the 16th Wacken Open Air in 2005, and supported Nevermore on a European tour later that year.
At the end of March 2006, that the band announced that Kral left the band. Mikkel Sandager said in an interview that Kral’s departure was due to “being away from his family and...trying to make it with the band for 15 years. I think that he simply got tired of trying and trying."
The band went about writing and recording their fourth full-length as a five-piece, with Mikkel Sandager performing all vocals, and the album’s producer Jacob Hansen handling bass duties. On April 7, 2006 the band finished the recording at Jacob Hansens Studios. Shortly after this, the band managed to employ bassist/vocalist René Pedersen to fill in the void left by Kral.
At the May 19 and 20, 2006, Saegfestival (held in Greding, Germany), Mercenary had their first live performance with Pedersen. It was at this show that they played "Soul Decision", a song from their upcoming fourth album. On August 1, 2006, Mercenary released a compilation of their early demos, titled "Retrospective", and on August 22, their new album, "The Hours that Remain", was released.
In September 2006, Mercenary joined numerous other bands such as Evergrey, Epica, and Jørn Lande in the ProgPower USA festival. It was there that they covered Pantera's "Cowboys from Hell" at the request of the show's promoter.
On October 21, 2007 they announced a follow up album to "The Hours that Remain" was being recorded and produced. On December 12, 2007 the band announced on their Myspace page that the new album is complete. Eight days later, the band announced the title of the new album to be "Architect of Lies". It was released on March 25, 2008.
November 11, 2009, it was announced that Mikkel, Morten, and Mike had left the band. According to Jakob in a press statement: "we no longer share the same vision and enthusiasm about the direction and the future of the band".
On November 23, 2009, the band announced via Facebook, that a new complete line-up had been established.
On December 23, 2010, the band released a song from their upcoming album, "Metamorphosis".

</doc>
<doc id="2927595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927595" title="Ultzama">
Ultzama

Ultzama (Ulzama in Spanish) is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Ultzama is also the name of the river from which the valley takes its name. It is located 22km North of Pamplona, the capital city of Navarre.
Ultzama consists of a conglomeration of 14 small villages: Alkotz, Arraitz-Orkin, Auza, Cenoz, Eltso, Eltzaburu, Gorronz-Olano, Guerendiain, Ilarregi, Iraizotz, Juarbe, Lizaso, Urritzola-Galain and the capital of the municipality, Larraintzar. 
It is well known for its dairy products (cheese and cuajada).
See also.
Ultzama valley

</doc>
<doc id="2927600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927600" title="Unciti">
Unciti

Unciti is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927602" title="Unzué">
Unzué

Unzué is a town and municipality located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, in the North of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927603" title="6.5×52mm Mannlicher-Carcano">
6.5×52mm Mannlicher-Carcano

The 6.5×52mm Carcano or 6.5×52mm Parravicini-Carcano is an Italian military 6.5 mm (.268 cal, actually 0.2675 inches) rimless bottle-necked rifle cartridge, developed from 1889 to 1891 and used in the Carcano 1891 rifle and many of its successors. A common synonym in American gun literature is "6.5mm Italian." In American parlance, "Carcano" is frequently added to better distinguish it from the rimmed hunting cartridge 6.5×52mmR (U.S. version: .25-35 Winchester). Ballistically, its performance is very similar to that of the 6.5×54mm Mannlicher-Schönauer.
Design.
Under the direction of the "Commissione delle Armi Portatili" (Commission for Portable Weapons), instituted in 1888 to develop a smokeless-powder rifle for the Italian Army, the "Reale Laboratorio Pirotecnico di Bologna" (Royal Pyrotechnical Laboratory of Bologna) developed and tried several different cartridge designs, with a bullet diameter from 8 mm to 6 mm. Finally, due also to the influence of Major Antonio Benedetti, of the Brescia Arsenal, Secretary of the Commission and strong supporter of the advantages of smallbore cartridges, the 6.5×52 cartridge was adopted in March 1890, prior to the adoption of the rifle that used it (the Model 1891 Carcano rifle).
After the adoption of the cartridge, the arsenals technicians worried about the characteristics of the original ballistite load, since that propellant was considered too erosive (flame temperature of 3000-3500 °C) and not stable under severe climatic conditions. Several other loads were tested, including the British cordite but without good results, until the "Reale Polverificio del Liri" (Royal Explosives Factory of Liri) developed a new propellant called "Solenite," composed of trinitrocellulose (40%), dinitrocellulose (21%), nitroglycerine (36%), mineral oil (3%), and shaped in large tube-like grains. The new propellant, that reduced the flame temperature to 2600 °C and proved to be very stable, was adopted in 1896 and never changed until the end of the military production of the cartridge.
The 6.5×52mm Carcano was designed as an infantry cartridge. In accordance with the tactics of the time, the adjustable rear sight of the rifle allowed for volley fire up to 2,000 metres. The 6.5×52mm Carcano was the first to be officially adopted of a class of similar smallbore military rifle cartridges which included the 6.5×50mm Arisaka (Japan), 6.5×53R Mannlicher (Romania / Netherlands), 6.5×54mm Mannlicher-Schönauer (Greece), 6.5×55mm Swedish Mauser (also Norwegian Krag-Jørgensen), 6.5×58 Portuguese.
A comparison with larger-bore smokeless powder cartridges of the 7.62mm and 8mm calibre class (which class started in 1886 with the French 8×50mmR Lebel, continuing with the German 7.92×57mm, the Austrian 8×50mmR, the .303 British, the Russian 7.62×54mmR, the Belgian and 7.65×53mm Argentine, the .30-40 Krag, and the much later .30-03 and .30-06 Springfield) may make the 6.5mm rounds appear "underpowered" on paper though, and lacking in stopping power. On the other hand, the small bore cartridges seem to have a long list of advantages, as flatness of trajectory, outstanding penetration at distance, less weight, less recoil, smaller dimensions, and less material required in production.
Its short-lived intended successor cartridge, the 7.35×51mm Carcano, was intended to replace the 6.5 Carcano, but those plans were cancelled due to the logistics difficulties that arose once WWII commenced.
The original 6.5×52mm barrel design, developed by the Brescia Arsenal at the same time as the cartridge before development of the M91 Carcano Rifle itself, used a gain twist barrel with deep rifling to reduce wear, extend barrel life and give consistent accuracy. Gain twist has a slow initial twist in the barrel progressively getting faster until the final twist rate is attained near the muzzle, resulting in less torque being imparted to the bullet during the highest stress phase of the interior ballistic cycle, and thus less barrel wear in the throat of the barrel. (Gain twist was phased out in the last production of the Carcano rifle in favour of conventional rifling.)
Performance.
With properly bulleted ammunition, the 6.5×52mm Carcano is an effective deer cartridge up to about 200m (220 yards). However, the standard Italian service round used an unstable round-nosed bullet with a propensity to tumble, whether hitting soft tissue/ballistic gel or harder material such as bone. See PBS Nova, "Cold Case: JFK", aired 11/12/2013 for range tests.
Hand loaders should note that the currently available factory ammunition may lack accuracy due to use of a 6.7mm (.264 in) bullet instead of the 6.8mm (.268 in) as originally loaded.
Notable uses.
The cartridge has achieved some notoriety, as a World War II Italian Carcano rifle was identified by the Warren Commission as the weapon used by former Marine Lee Harvey Oswald in his assassination of President John F. Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="2927609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927609" title="Urdazubi/Urdax">
Urdazubi/Urdax

Urdazubi/Urdax is a town and municipality located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, in the North of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927610" title="Fuck wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin')">
Fuck wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin')

"Fuck wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin')", released in its censored form of "Dre Day" as a single, is a hip-hop single by American rapper Dr. Dre, with a guest appearance from fellow rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg. The track is taken from Dre's debut solo album, album "The Chronic", released via Death Row Records. The song was released as a single on May 20, 1993.
Background.
Though not quite matching the popularity of Dre's earlier hit, "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang", the single still did well commercially managing to reach number eight on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart in June 1993 and number six, counting the 12 weeks spent, on the rap and hip-hop chart of that year's overall ranking. The song features a slowed-down interpolation of Funkadelic's "(Not Just) Knee Deep" as its bassline and features Jewell on vocals and RBX on chorus. An accompanying music video was directed by Dr. Dre. 
The song was a diss track towards rappers Eazy-E, Dre's former accomplice from the group N.W.A.; Tim Dog, an East Coast rapper who slighted the whole West Coast rap scene; and Luther (Luke) Campbell, whose track "Fakin' Like Gangstas" from his debut solo album "I Got Shit On My Mind", featuring JT Money from the group Poison Clan, was taken personally for making references to some of the popular rappers in the "gangsta" category. Snoop Dogg later made peace between him and Luke in the song "Hoez" from "Smokefest Underground". There were also some lyrics alluding to former N.W.A. rapper Ice Cube, who departed acrimoniously from the group in 1989 and ridiculed Dre on the track "No Vaseline", off his 1991 "Death Certificate" album. "We gon' creep to South Central on a street knowledge mission," was a reference to Cube's production operation Street Knowledge Productions. However, by the album's release, Ice Cube was on friendlier terms with Dr. Dre, so the animosity toward him was downplayed; unlike Eazy-E and Luke, he wasn't parodied in the music video.
Music video.
The premise of the video concerns a parody character of Eazy-E called "Sleazy-E", complete with a Jheri Curl hairstyle and wearing dark sunglasses, played by A.J. Johnson, getting a new contract from a man depicted as a fat, money-grubbing record producer, played by a real life executive producer from Interscope Records, Steve Berman (who was later featured on three Eminem skits and one D 12 skit). The story features Dr. Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg walking around and gaining a following from others around them. There is an interlude in the middle of the video, where Sleazy-E introduces his two new grotesque protégés, played by Bushwick Bill and Warren G, to his new manager. Sleazy appears in a number of situations, including being shot, becoming homeless, being chased by armed men, and finally, on the Pasadena Freeway with a sign: "Will Rap for Food". The same character appeared in the video for Eazy E's response, Real Muthaphuckkin G's. The video also parodies Luke Campbell as a gap-toothed rapper. In April 2005 the video was 12th on MTV2 and "XXL" magazine's survey of the "25 Greatest West Coast Videos".
Reception.
Eazy-E retaliated on his next album "It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa" which contained the song "Real Muthaphuckkin G's" and "It's On", in which he makes fun of Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, calling them "studio gangstas", and Death Row Records. Tim Dog responded with "Dog Baby" and "Bitch with a Perm" — two tracks directed at Snoop Dogg. Tim Dog was angry at Snoop for his second verse and line "Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick" at the end of the song, as well as the representation of the lines "Fuck me in the ass!" and "Step to me and let me suck your dick!" as "things that Tim Dog would say" in the skit track, "The $20 Sack Pyramid". Dre also dissed Tim Dog, Luke & Eazy-E on the track "Puffin' Blunts And Drankin' Tanqueray" which appeared on the Dre Day single. Luther Campbell along with JT Money and then-upcoming artist Clayvoisie responded with the song "Cowards in Compton", from Luke's second solo LP, "In The Nude", and its accompanying video that parodied Dre's original premise as a member of the mid-1980s rap group World Class Wreckin' Cru. Snoop Dogg responded on "Tha Shiznit" and his introduction to the song "Lodi Dodi". Compton rappers Tweedy Bird Loc and King Tee have also responded to the song. 
"Fuck Wit' Dre Day" was included on the video game "", playing on West Coast hip hop radio station . 
Snoop Dogg used and originated the word "bootylicious" in this song almost a decade before the 2001 single of that name by Destiny's Child. However, in this song it means "bad" or "weak"; that is far different from the meaning Beyoncé Knowles gave it in her group's hit, which the Oxford English Dictionary Online used when it added "bootylicious" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2927613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927613" title="Urdiain">
Urdiain

Urdiain is a town and municipality located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, in the North of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927619" title="Urraúl Alto">
Urraúl Alto

Urraúl Alto is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927634" title="Urraúl Bajo">
Urraúl Bajo

Urraúl Bajo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927636" title="Urrotz">
Urrotz

Urrotz is a town and municipality located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927640" title="Acute medicine">
Acute medicine

Acute medicine is that part of internal medicine concerned with the immediate and early specialist management of adult patients with a wide range of medical conditions who present in hospital as emergencies. It developed in the United Kingdom in the early 2000s as a dedicated field of medicine, together with the establishment of acute medical units in numerous hospitals. Acute medicine is not identical to emergency medicine, which is limited to the management of people attending the emergency department.
History.
The field developed in the United Kingdom after the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh and the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow published a joint report in 1998 emphasising the importance of appropriate care for people with acute medical problems. Further reports led to the development of acute medicine as a dedicated specialty, and in 2003 it was recognised by the Specialist Training Authority as a subspecialty of General Internal Medicine.
Around the same time, it was recognised that care for acutely admitted patients should ideally be concentrated in "medical assessment units" (MAUs), later named "acute medical units" (AMUs). A physician experienced in the management of acute medical problems could assess and treat these patients in the most appropriate fashion for the first 48 hours of their admission, aiming either for an early discharge with appropriate outpatient follow-up or transfer to a specialist ward. Severely ill patients who need close observation but do not require intensive care may be treated in a dedicated area such as a physician-run high dependency unit.
In 2007, some questioned whether the specialty would have a long term future, if at some point UK government ED targets ceased to exist. This fear seems unwarranted in retrospect, as a clear clinical need for the specialty exists; a similar field by the name of "hospital medicine" has developed in the United States.
A further development has been the increase of "ambulatory care". Where patients were previously admitted to hospital, it may now be possible for them to attend a clinic or an assessment area a number of times while their progress is monitored. This is now a very common approach to suspected deep vein thrombosis, but the NHS Institute for Innovation and Improvement has identified a number of other conditions that can be managed in an ambulatory emergency care setting.
Acute Medicine became a specialty in a similar way to cardiology and respiratory Medicine, with its own Certificate of Completion of Training (CCT) in 2009.
The establishment of acute medical units has been shown to decrease the risk of dying in hospital, length of stay in hospital, and the rate of patients for admission blocking the emergency department, all while not increasing the rate of readmissions after discharge and improving patient and staff satisfaction.
Organisations.
In the United Kingdom, the Society for Acute Medicine (SAM) is the national representative body for staff caring for medical patients in the acute hospital setting. Formed in 2000, SAM was established at a time when the concepts of acute medicine and the Acute Medical Unit (AMU) were in their infancy. Large numbers of specialist acute physicians have been appointed to drive forward changes in the management of patients on the AMU, and several hundred specialist registrars are now training on the newly approved Curriculum in Acute Internal Medicine. SAM has played a pivotal role in many of these developments and is represented on many national committees enabling a strong voice for acute physicians within the Royal Colleges and other key organisations.It organises two annual conferences (Spring and Autumn) and publishes the quarterly journal "Acute Medicine".
In the Netherlands, the Dutch Acute Medicine (DAM) society was formed in 2012 and held its first Congress on 28 September 2012 in the VU University Medical Center in Amsterdam. The newly developed curriculum will ensure 12 training posts throughout the Netherlands leading to a workforce of at least 100 "acute & internal medicine specialists".

</doc>
<doc id="2927643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927643" title="Urroz">
Urroz

Urroz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The town has a small cemetery, and a "pelota" court, a church, and two or three small bars around a little plaza.

</doc>
<doc id="2927650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927650" title="Urzainqui">
Urzainqui

Urzainqui is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927654" title="Albert O. Brown">
Albert O. Brown

Albert Oscar Brown (July 18, 1853 – March 28, 1937) was a lawyer, banker, and Republican politician from Manchester, New Hampshire. Born in Northwood, New Hampshire.
Family life.
Brown married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer, Massachusetts on December 30, 1888.
Governor of New Hampshire.
Brown served a single term as Governor.
Law practice.
In addition to his law practice.
Corporate involvement.
Brown was also a member of a number of corporate boards, including the Amoskeag Savings Bank. In 1905 Brown was elected the President of the Amoskeag Savings Bank to succeed Otis Barton.
College Trustee.
In June 1911 Brown was elected by the alumni to be a trustee of Dartmouth College, serving until 1931.
Death.
Brown died in 1937 in Manchester, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2927655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927655" title="Uterga">
Uterga

Uterga is a town and municipality located in the province and the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927660" title="Liquidity constraint">
Liquidity constraint

A liquidity constraint in economic theory is a form of imperfection in the capital market. It causes difficulties for models based on intertemporal consumption.
Many economic models require individuals to save or borrow money from time to time.
A liquidity constraint is an arbitrary limit on the amount an individual can borrow, or an arbitrary alteration in the interest rate they pay. By raising the costs of borrowing, they prevent individuals from fully optimising their behaviour over time.
Actually existing liquidity constraints are mainly due to risk-based behaviour by lenders such as banks.
Mortgage lending is the cheapest way of an individual borrowing money, but is only available to people with enough savings to buy property. Because the loan is secured on a house or other property, it is only accessible to particular individuals (those who have enough savings to put down a deposit).
Other forms of credit, like unsecured loans, credit cards and loan sharks, have progressively higher interest rates, and are used more by poorer people.

</doc>
<doc id="2927661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927661" title="Vicarage Road">
Vicarage Road

Vicarage Road, a stadium in Watford, Hertfordshire, England, is the home of the football club Watford. An all-seater stadium, its current capacity is 17,477 for safety reasons.
History.
It has been the home of Watford since 1922, when the club moved from Cassio Road. The ground was officially opened by Col. Charles Healey of Benskins Brewery for the visit of Millwall on 30 August 1922. In addition to being Watford's home since opening, the stadium was also home to Wealdstone F.C. between 1991 and 1993, and to rugby union side Saracens from 1997 until they moved to their new home at Allianz Park in February 2013.
After purchasing the freehold of the stadium from Benskins in January 2002, Watford's financial situation forced them to sell and lease back the stadium later that year. However, after a campaign entitled 'Let's Buy Back The Vic' with donations coming from fans, as well as celebrity former owner Elton John donating the entire proceeds of a concert held at the venue, the club was able to repurchase the stadium in September 2004. The stadium's capacity has been steadily reduced from over 20,000 due to safety concerns and the presence of a terracing area, which is forbidden by the Taylor Report. There have been attempts to modernise the ground and increase its capacity.
Vicarage Road Stand.
Originally a mere earth bank when the club moved to the ground, it was gradually transformed into a conventional terrace. In 1978, an electronic scoreboard was put up, which became an iconic symbol of Watford's eighties heyday. In a display of solidarity with the home support, Graham Taylor maintained that the benches for the coaching staff and substitute on the side of the pitch would remain exposed to the elements until such time as the home end was covered.
Its final game as a terrace was a 1–0 loss to Oxford United on 8 May 1993. It opened to the public once more on 18 September 1993, with Watford defeating Notts County 3–1.
Previously the home stand, it now houses the away support. A partition was subsequently added, meaning that both home and away support could be put in the stand. Half of the stand is given to away fans, and the other half is used as the family area for home fans. It also houses wheelchair supporters of both teams. Since August 2012, the stand has been home to the Hornets Shop
The Rookery Stand.
When Watford moved from Cassio Road, this end of the ground featured a roof over a cinder bank, and over the years the roof eventually had to be removed for safety reasons. The Supporters' Club eventually raised funds to enable the Rookery End to feature concrete terracing under cover, and this aim was realised in 1959.
The new stand, replacing the 1959 model was used by Watford supporters for the first time on 22 April 1995, for the visit of Bristol City. As part of redevelopment work in conjunction with the Watford Health Campus, 164 units of affordable housing, known locally as "The Wrap", were built on and around the Rookery end. Construction finished in 2009.
The Rookery is the "home end". It lends its name to the Watford fans' podcast, "From The Rookery End". The stand was known as the "Rover South" for Saracens matches.
The Rous Stand.
The Rous Stand – named after former FIFA president Sir Stanley Rous – runs along the side of the pitch, on the west side of the ground. It is a two-tiered stand, with executive boxes and a TV camera gantry.
Built in 1986, it replaced the Shrodells Stand. The £3 million development was partly funded via a loan from Elton John. The upper tier, complete with executive boxes, was constructed first, and temporary seats forming a lower-tier were added later. These were later replaced with permanent seats, first used for a game against Notts County on 18 September 1993.
When the club moved from Cassio Road in 1922, the Union Stand was transported and reconstructed on this side of the ground. It was replaced by the Shrodells Stand, which was constructed during the 1930s. It was extended in 1979 with a further 2,200 seats replacing the standing enclosure in front of the stand.
The final match for the Shrodells Stand was against Manchester United on 3 May 1986, the new Rous Stand opened on 23 August 1986, when Oxford United visited Vicarage Road, with Watford coming out 3–0 winners.
The Upper Rous is well known amongst Hornets fans for being the most sedate part of the ground.
The Stand will be renamed the Graham Taylor Stand ahead of the 2014–15 season, taking its name from the club's most successful manager Graham Taylor.
The Main Stand.
The Main Stand sits on the east side of the ground, and contains the changing rooms, tunnel, director's box and press area. The eldest stand of the four, the Main Stand contains the only part of the original stadium built at Vicarage Road still standing.
Constructed in 1922 as Watford moved from Cassio Road to the present ground, the stand was included as part of the stadium constructed with the financial help of Benskins' breweries, who initially handed the land to the football club on a 21-year lease. The construction cost was approximately £7,000.
In 1969 a new extension to the Main Stand was constructed. The extension added approximately 1,700 seats to the East side of the ground. Seats were added to the terrace in front of the original Main Stand in 1982 to create the club's family enclosure, and capacity was further increased with the addition of uncovered seats towards the Vicarage Road end of the stadium around the same time.
In 2004, parts of the stand were closed, after they were deemed unfit for use. The remainder of the stand closed to spectators in 2008. Two years later, the part of the roof which remained from 1922 was dismantled due to structural concerns. The East side of the ground has been subject to many planning permissions which, although accepted by the council, have never been realised for the lack of financial backing. Under the stable ownership of the Pozzo family, a request was submitted which would see the stand demolished and re-built.
The club announced in September 2013 that work would begin immediately on demolishing the stand and building a replacement with a capacity of around 3,000 seats and allowing for expansion thereafter, with the intention of it opening in the latter part of the 2013–14 season, although the "Watford Observer" reported in October that the actual intention was for just one section of the stand to be opened before the end of the season.
Bad weather meant construction of the new stand could not begin until February 2014, and the following month it was announced the stand would not be ready until the start of the 2014–15 season to allow the stand to run slightly further than the Vicarage Road Stand penalty spot, where it was originally thought it would end, and to increase the capacity by 800 seats.
In May 2014, it was announced the stand will be known as The Watford FC Community Stand.
Floodlights.
The first game under floodlights at Vicarage Road was played in 1953, when lights were installed on top of the Main Stand. These were replaced in 1960, with four pylons being built in the corners of the ground. Currently the floodlights are mounted on the top of the Vicarage Road and Rookery Stands.

</doc>
<doc id="2927662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927662" title="Israel Standard Time">
Israel Standard Time

Israel Standard Time (IST, "" "Israel Time" ) is the standard time zone in Israel. It is two hours ahead of UTC ().
Overview.
History.
At the beginning of the British Mandate, the time zone of the mandate area (today's Israel and Jordan), was set to Cairo's time zone (the same as Athens), which is two hours later than Greenwich Mean Time. The unique "Israel Standard Time" came into effect with the founding of the State of Israel in 1948, which gave Israel the authority in determining its own time, specifically to enact daylight saving time.
Differences between other countries.
The difference from UTC is the same as Eastern European Time (UTC+2), during most of the year, but since the Israeli daylight saving time period ends earlier in autumn, the Israeli time is identical to Central European Summer Time for between 2 and 7 weeks during these months. Also, because Israel switches to summer time on Friday, rather than Sunday as most other countries do, the change of time in spring occurs either 2 days before or 5 days after the switch to summer time in Europe.
Israel shares the UTC+2 timezone with all of its neighbouring countries, including Egypt, Lebanon and Syria.
Daylight saving time.
Israel observes daylight saving time, locally called Israel Summer Time ( "", sometimes abbreviated in English as "IDT").
As of July 2013, IDT will begin on the Friday before the last Sunday of March, and end on the last Sunday of October. 

</doc>
<doc id="2927663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927663" title="Enrico Toccacelo">
Enrico Toccacelo

Enrico Toccacelo (born 14 December 1978 in Rome) is an Italian auto racer with karting, GT and Formula 3000 experience. He won a pair of F3000 events and briefly led Vitantonio Liuzzi in the 2004 championship before Liuzzi went on to win the next three races. He finished runner-up, but, unable to land a Formula One seat, raced in the World Series by Renault series in 2005. From the 2005 Turkish Grand Prix he was the third driver with Minardi, appearing in Friday practice sessions for the next three Grand Prix weekends. 
He raced in the inaugural season of A1 Grand Prix with A1 Team Italy, also appearing as a guest driver for A1 Team Pakistan after they were unable to find a driver at the South African round at Durban. In the second season of A1GP, Toccacelo was replaced by Alessandro Pier Guidi for the first two rounds, before appearing at the Beijing race, where he won the Feature race.
He is also racing in the World Series by Renault.
He was the driver of the A.S. Roma car in Superleague Formula for 2008 in rounds 1 to 3 and driver of rounds 4 to 5 for Borussia Dortmund.
Racing record.
Complete A1 Grand Prix results.
† Guest driver for Team Pakistan
References.
Driver database Profile

</doc>
<doc id="2927664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927664" title="Uztárroz – Uztarrotze">
Uztárroz – Uztarrotze

Uztárroz – Uztarrotze is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927666" title="Valtierra">
Valtierra

Valtierra is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927680" title="Vidángoz – Bidankoze">
Vidángoz – Bidankoze

Vidángoz – Bidankoze is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927686" title="Emergenesis">
Emergenesis

In psychology, a trait (or phenotype) is called emergenic if it is the result of a specific combination of several interacting genes (rather than of a simple sum of several independent genes). Emergenic traits will not run in families, but identical twins will share them. Traits such as "leadership", "genius" or certain mental illnesses may be emergenic.

</doc>
<doc id="2927687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927687" title="Hoyle Casino">
Hoyle Casino

Hoyle Casino is a virtual casino video game published by Encore, Inc. It was previously published by Sierra Entertainment for a variety of different platforms, including Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Sega Dreamcast, and Game Boy Color.
Set in a virtual Las Vegas casino, players create profiles and are given a set amount of virtual money. A player can then visit any part of the virtual casino and wager their virtual money as they could in a real casino.
The game offers instant access to the rules for each game, as well as real time tips and strategies as the player plays a game. Hoyle Casino features 25 default characters to choose from, or players can simply create their own unique custom character.
Games included.
The 2012 edition of "Hoyle Casino" includes the following games:
Controversy and bugs.
The 2007 version of "Hoyle Casino" was plagued by a bug in the cards game. A player would place a bet, and then the game would freeze for 30 seconds before continuing. This caused a lot of controversy. Unfortunately, Encore was not able to fix this bug ultimately leaving customers angry. Their only recourse was to visit the Encore USA website and submit a refund request for the software. This bug was fixed, however, in "Hoyle Casino" 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2927689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927689" title="Advance ship notice">
Advance ship notice

An advance ship notice or advance shipping notice (ASN) is a notification of pending deliveries, similar to a packing list. It is usually sent in an electronic format and is a common EDI document. In the EDI X12 system, it is known as the EDI 856 document and the EDIFACT equivalent is the DESADV (Despatch Advice) message. The ASN can be used to list the contents of a shipment of goods as well as additional information relating to the shipment, such as order information, product description, physical characteristics, type of packaging, markings, carrier information, and configuration of goods within the transportation equipment. The ASN enables the sender to describe the contents and configuration of a shipment in various levels of detail and provides an ordered flexibility to convey information.
The ASN is noteworthy in that it is a new concept in logistics, enabled by the advance of modern communication methods. Although it provides information similar to the Bill of lading, its function is very different. While the Bill of lading is meant to accompany a load on its path, the goal of the ASN is to provide information to the destination's receiving operations well in advance of delivery. This tends to impact the logistics stream in three areas: cost, accuracy, and flexibility. 
Cost. Modern receiving operations rarely have time to break down a shipping unit (carton or pallet) and identify its components, depending instead on quick scans of barcodes on shipping labels. An ASN can provide a list of all of the barcoded ID numbers of the shipping units and the contents of each. Receiving costs are thought to be reduced by about 40%. 
Accuracy. Upon receipt of the ASN, the receiver is immediately informed of any difference between what was expected, and what has actually been shipped.
Flexibility. Knowing the actual fill rates of the orders gives the receiver the opportunity to re-allocate goods in subsequent shipments.
ASN and finance 
The ASN can be used to pay suppliers directly for goods received. This can be accomplished by receiving the ASN into the company computer system (ERP), printing company labels for each container received, affixing the labels on the containers, and then transmitting any discrepancies to the supplier via EDI.

</doc>
<doc id="2927690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927690" title="Villafranca">
Villafranca

Villafranca is a town and municipality located in the province and the autonomous community (Comunidad Foral) of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927693" title="John Kabbaj">
John Kabbaj

Jean-Michel (John) Kabbaj (born 1973? in Birmingham, West Midlands) is an English professional poker player, referred to by The Hendon Mob as their unofficial fifth member.
Before poker.
Kabbaj quit school at the age of 16. He worked as a builder, and was later employed at Heathrow Airport.
Poker career.
Tournaments.
Kabbaj became a professional poker player in 1995, after winning his first major tournament at the Main Event of the 1995 Christmas Cracker tournament in London. He defeated a field including Dave Gardner (father of Julian Gardner) and Ram Vaswani to take home the £14,750 first prize. He quit his job at Heathrow the next day.
Kabbaj made his first money finish in the World Series of Poker (WSOP) in 1999, finishing 9th in the $3,000 pot limit hold'em event won by Layne Flack. He finished above several notable players, including Eli Elezra, Lucy Rokach, John Bonetti and Paul Phillips.
In 2000, Kabbaj made his one and only appearance on the popular Late Night Poker television series. He finished 7th in a competitive heat including Charalambos Xanthos, Peter Evans and Victoria Coren. Kabbaj went on to win tournaments in London and Moscow during 2001.
At the 2004 WSOP, Kabbaj finished as the runner-up in the $3,000 no limit hold'em tournament. He won $260,520 for his finish, and was ahead of numerous players including Ram Vaswani, Paul Phillips, Amir Vahedi, John Juanda, Annie Duke, Martin De Knijff, Johnny Chan and Surinder Sunar.
In late 2004, Kabbaj also made the final table of the first European Poker Tour event in Barcelona.
During 2005 he made four money finishes in the WSOP.
He won his first bracelet at the 2009 WSOP, although the achievement was overshadowed by a row involving the bracelet ceremony. Instead of playing the British national anthem God Save The Queen, the Sex Pistols song of the same name was played, much to Kabbaj's disgust. 
At the 2014 WSOP, Kabbaj won the $2,500 Omaha/Seven Card Stud Hi/Lo event, defeating Thomas Keller heads-up to earn $267,327 and his second bracelet.
World Series of Poker bracelets.
As of 2014, his total live tournament winnings exceed $2,700,000. His 8 cashes at the WSOP account for $1,077,700 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="2927698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927698" title="Villamayor de Monjardín">
Villamayor de Monjardín

Villamayor de Monjardín is a town and municipality located in the province and the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927705" title="Jörgen Pettersson (footballer)">
Jörgen Pettersson (footballer)

Jörgen Pettersson (born 29 September 1975) is a former football striker from Sweden who has played 27 international matches for the national team. He played at the Euro 2000. He was the manager of the Superettan team Landskrona BoIS until June 11 2014 when his contract was cancelled. 
Playing career.
Pettersson started his career in Dösjöbro IF, and has since played for Kävlinge GIF, Malmö FF, Borussia Mönchengladbach, 1. FC Kaiserslautern, FC København and Landskrona BoIS in his home country. In February 2009, Pettersson retired from the professional football and has since May 2009 been playing for the Swedish Division 4 club Häljarps IF.
Coaching career.
Pettersson was appointed as one of the three new assistant managers at Malmö FF on 29 October 2011 ahead of the 2012 season along with Daniel Andersson and Simon Hollyhead. On 16 November 2012, Pettersson was appointed manager in Superettan club Landskrona BoIS, replacing Henrik Larsson.

</doc>
<doc id="2927706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927706" title="Villatuerta">
Villatuerta

Villatuerta is a town and municipality located in the province and the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927710" title="Villava – Atarrabia">
Villava – Atarrabia

Villava () is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The population is about 10,000, and the town is located 4 km away from Pamplona, the capital of Navarre. The village was founded in 1184 by King Sancho VI the bright of Navarre. For several centuries, Villava was just a little town, but in the 60s, it grew considerably and became an important industrial suburb of Pamplona.
The area of the town is small (just 1 square km), and due to this fact it is not expected to continue growing. It has a large industrial area dedicated mainly to the paper industry, informatics and bus assembly.
The town has a good commercial area and because of that the town is alive.
Alumni.
Villava is well known as the birthplace of the famous cyclist Miguel Indurain, who started his career in the local team, the Club Ciclista Villavés.

</doc>
<doc id="2927713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927713" title="Ray Bryant">
Ray Bryant

Raphael Homer "Ray" Bryant (December 24, 1931 – June 2, 2011) was an American jazz pianist and composer.
Biography.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Ray Bryant began playing the piano at the age of six, also performing on bass in junior high school. He turned professional before his age of majority. In 1948-49 he toured with guitarist Tiny Grimes. He was house pianist at the Blue Note club in Philadelphia from 1953 to 1956, accompanying many other leading players such as Lester Young, Jo Jones, Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, and Sonny Stitt. He also played with Sonny Rollins, Melba Liston, and Coleman Hawkins, as well as singers Carmen McRae and Aretha Franklin. Bryant later resided in Detroit, Michigan. From the late 1950s, he led a trio, performing throughout the world, and also worked solo. He toured Europe regularly after appearing at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1973. In addition, he was a noted jazz composer, with well-known themes such as "Cubano Chant," "The Madison Time," "Monkey Business," and "Little Susie" to his credit.
The musicians Kevin Eubanks, Duane Eubanks, and Robin Eubanks are his nephews. His brothers are the bass player Tommy Bryant (May 21, 1930 – March 1, 1982) and Len Bryant, who plays drums and is also a singer. His niece Jennifer Bryant who is also Len Bryant's daughter is a singer songwriter and producer.
Both Tommy and Ray Bryant formed a trio with Oz Perkins as the back-up band for the off-Broadway run of the comedy show Cambridge Circus, at Square East in 1964. The show starred John Cleese, Bill Oddie, Tim Brooke-Taylor, David Hatch, Jo Kendall, Graham Chapman, Jonathan Lynn, and Jean Hart.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Art Blakey
With Arnett Cobb
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Benny Golson
With Tiny Grimes
With Coleman Hawkins
With Clifford Jordan
With Yusef Lateef
With Max Roach
With Sonny Rollins
With Jo Jones

</doc>
<doc id="2927717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927717" title="Bitter Melon Farm">
Bitter Melon Farm

Bitter Melon Farm is the second in a three-part series of compilations by the Mountain Goats, released in 1999 by Ajax Records. It is preceded by "Protein Source of the Future...Now!", and followed by "Ghana".

</doc>
<doc id="2927720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927720" title="Yerri">
Yerri

Yerri is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927722" title="Asian African Association for Plasma Training">
Asian African Association for Plasma Training

The Asian African Association for Plasma Training, or AAAPT, is an organization/network founded on 7 June 1988 to provide facilities for plasma research by small research groups in developing countries.
Originally, it consisted of nineteen institutions from 12 countries, but it has now grown to 41 institutions from 23 countries.
The AAAPT [http://www.plasmafocus.net/IPFS/otherpapers/AAAPTPhysicsToday.pdf] is an affiliated network of the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP), receiving funding for its collaborative activities. Assistance in the form of travel and other fellowships had also been received from the Third World Academy of Sciences (TWAS), UNESCO and several other organisations. The bulk of the contributions for its activities had come from the scientists from the member institutions in terms of expertise, time and effort and from the member institutions, in terms of infrastructural support.
Activities.
Since its formation its primary success has been the coordination of the United Nations University / International Centre for Theoretical Physics Plasma Fusion Facility (UNU/ICTP PFF) network which carries out research on 12 UNU/ICTP Dense Plasma Focus systems in 9 countries. The UNU/ICTP PFF was developed during a UNU Training Programme on Laser and Plasma Technology in 1985-86 [http://www.unu.edu/capacitybuilding/Pg_microproc/UNU-ICTP-PFF.html at the University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur. During initial tests, this plasma focus system already proved to be very cost effective, yet producing plasmas of such intense conditions that copious multi-radiations, including fusion neutrons were emitted Six sets were constructed and given to the participants to be used as the core facilities to be installed in their new plasma focus laboratories back home. Due to this and subsequent training programmes, new plasma focus laboratories were started at Delhi University, Quaid-i-Azam University[http://www.ipp.ac.cn/qy/WS97/node230.html, Yogyakarta Nuclear Research Centre, Rivers State University of Science and Technology, Port Harcourt, Prince of Songkla University and more recently in University of Zimbabwe and Chulalongkorn University Several more research groups were strengthened and the influence of the AAAPT's training project using the UNU/ICTP PFF has spread to plasma focus laboratories in Egypt, Syria and even to Chile, Poland and Italy. The Plasma Groups of Malaysia [http://fizik.um.edu.my/plasma/ and Singapore have been prominent in the leadership of the AAAPT.The collaborative research work has produced more than 20 PhDs, 50 Masters and hundreds of research papers[http://www.plasmafocus.net/IPFS/otherpapers/12YrsUnuIctpPFFReviewMonograph.pdf. 
A numerical simulation package, the Lee Model was developed for the network but has proven successful to simulate all plasma focus devices. Recently numerical experiments using this code have uncovered a pinch current limitation effect and given a fresh outlook to neutron scaling laws from sub-kJ to multi-megajoule devices. The latest version is now downloadable as Universal Plasma Focus Laboratory Facility based at Centre for Plasma Research, INTI International University [http://www.intimal.edu.my/school/fas/UFLF/. In association with the AAAPT, the Institute for Plasma Focus Studies [http://www.plasmafocus.net] was founded on 25 February 2008 to promote correct and innovative usage of the Lee Model and to encourage dense plasma focuus numerical experiments.
The activities of the AAAPT have covered many areas of experimental and theoretical plasma physics. To cater for the diverse research interest of the members the AAAPT had, up to July 2005, organised or co-sponsored 37 training activities, conferences, workshops and satellite meetings and coordinated numerous scientific exchange and attachment programmes. Besides developing the UNU/ICTP PFF, member institutions also developed the following equipment to assist in building up research resources:
Altogether 32 packages of equipment were transferred in the equipment assistance program.
Leadership.
The Inaugural Meeting in 1988 elected Professor Lee Sing (Malaysia) as the Foundation President with 4 Vice Presidents Prof T El Khalafawy, Prof G Murtaza, Prof M P Srivastava and Prof Tsai Shih Tung representing Egypt, Pakistan, India and the People’s Republic of China respectively. The Secretariat comprised Prof Lee Sing, Assoc Prof Moo Siew Pheng (Vice President), Assoc Prof Wong Chiow San (Hon Sec) and Assoc Prof Chew Ah Chuan (Hon Treasurer). The composition of the Council remained unchanged through another 3 elections (1991, 1995, 1998) except that Prof Tsai Shih Tung died in 1996 and was replaced by Prof Li Yin-an (P R China). In the 5th election in July 2004 Prof Wong Chiow San (Malaysia) was elected President, retaining the Presidency in the 6th election in July 2008. In the 7th election on 5 October in Bangkok, Assoc Prof Rajdeep Singh Rawat (Singapore) was elected the 3rd President of AAAPT with the following Vice-Presidents: Prof Saw Sor Heoh (Malaysia), Prof Tomader El Khalafawy (Egypt), Prof S Z Yang (China), Prof M Zakaullah (Pakistan) and Prof R Amrollahi (Iran). The Secretariat comprises the President, Assoc Prof Rajdeep Singh Rawat, Hon Secretary Assoc Prof Paul C K Lee (Singapore) and Assoc Prof S V Springham (Singapore). Professor Lee Sing is Advisor to the AAAPT.
External Links:
[http://www.ipp.ac.cn/qy/WS97/node230.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2927724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927724" title="Yesa">
Yesa

Yesa is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927726" title="Acton, Cheshire">
Acton, Cheshire

Acton is a small village and civil parish lying immediately west of the town of Nantwich in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of 
Cheshire, England. The civil parish also includes the small settlement of Dorfold and part of Burford, with a total population of a little over 300. It is administered jointly with the adjacent civil parishes of Henhull and Edleston. Historically, Acton refers to a township and also to an ancient parish in the Nantwich Hundred covering a wide area to the west of Nantwich.
The area is agricultural, with dairy farming the main industry. Around a third of the area falls within the Dorfold Estate. Historically, agriculture was the major employer, but it has now been overtaken by the service industries, with many residents commuting significant distances outside the parish to work.
The civil parish is believed to have been inhabited since the 8th or 9th century. It contains many historic buildings, including two listed at grade I: Dorfold Hall was considered by Nikolaus Pevsner to be one of the two finest Jacobean houses in Cheshire, while St Mary's Church has a tower dating from the 13th century, one of the earliest in the county.
History.
Early history.
The civil parish of Acton was on the eastern edge of the Forest of Mondrem in the Bronze Age, giving rise to the name "Actune", meaning "oak town", for the predominant pedunculate oaks. A Roman road from Middlewich to Whitchurch passed immediately to the north of the parish, but there is little evidence of settlement. An area north of Acton village was enclosed in the 8th and 9th centuries, and ancient field systems can be discerned elsewhere in this and the adjacent modern civil parishes.
Acton appears in the Domesday Book of 1086; it was held by Earl Morcar before the Conquest and afterwards by William Malbank, first baron of Wich Malbank (Nantwich). One of the largest and wealthiest townships in the Nantwich Hundred, the Domesday Book mentions a manor, mill, land for thirty ploughs, 10 acres of meadow, a strip of woodland 6 leagues in length, a hawk's eyrie and a salt house in Nantwich. The total value before 1066 was £10; for comparison, Nantwich was then valued at the same sum. Acton had one of the largest areas of meadow in Cheshire at this time. The survey also mentions two priests in Acton but no church.
Dorfold or "Deofold" means "cattle enclosure" or "deer park". It does not appear in the Domesday survey, but according to some sources Edwin, Earl of Mercia, elder brother of Earl Morcar and brother-in-law to Harold II, had a hall there before the Conquest. A manor at Dorfold is recorded in Henry III's reign (1216–72).
The church at Acton and its subsidiary chapels at Wrenbury, Church Minshull and Nantwich, together with some ploughland, were given to the abbot of the Cistercian Combermere Abbey at its foundation in 1133 by Hugh Malbank, second baron of Wich Malbank. The abbey received tithes from Acton and monks gave services in the church. It is unclear when this church was built; the present church originates in the 13th century, with some authorities giving a date as early as 1180. Anglo-Saxon carvings incorporated into its foundations suggest, however, that an earlier, possibly timber, church occupied the same site. Priests are listed in parish records from 1288. The church was the main parish church for a wide area to the west of Nantwich in the ancient parish of Acton. Subsidiary churches were chapels of ease; St Mary's Church, Nantwich, for example, despite its size, remained a chapel of ease to Acton until the 17th century. At the Dissolution in 1538, the abbey's land passed to the Cotton family; the tithes and advowson were sold to Sir Richard Wilbraham in 1544, and later passed to the Tollemache family.
Early land usage was mainly agricultural and forestry, with wood being used as fuel for salt production in nearby Nantwich. As deforestation continued throughout the Middle Ages, animal husbandry and cereal production grew in importance, and by the end of the sixteenth century, the forest had largely been cleared. Landowners of Acton and Dorfold during this period include the Vernon, Littlebury, Wettenhall, Arderne, Davenport and Bromley families.
Civil War.
In 1602, the Dorfold Estate was purchased by Sir Roger Wilbraham, a prominent lawyer who served as Solicitor-general for Ireland under Elizabeth I and held positions at court under James I. Dorfold Hall was constructed in 1616–21 for his younger brother and heir, Ralph Wilbraham, on the site of the earlier hall.
During the Civil War, Acton village was taken by siege several times.
In the year 1641 Edward Burghall, the vicar Acton for some of the Civil War, first notices political events, and afterwards gives a very detailed account of the military operations in Cheshire. The reason was that John, Lord Byron took his church at Acton and made it a base of Royalist operations for the siege of Nantwich. The Battle of Nantwich of 1644 took place adjacent to the village.
18th century to the present day.
In 1754, the Dorfold Estate was sold to Nantwich lawyer James Tomkinson, originally from Bostock. The Chester to Nantwich branch of what later became known as the Shropshire Union Canal was completed in 1774, ending just north of the parish at Basin End; the Nantwich to Birmingham section was completed in 1835. The Tomkinson family objected to the route of the latter, leading to the construction of a half-mile embankment including an aqueduct to avoid the Dorfold Park. With the availability of canal and railway transport during the 18th and 19th centuries, the main produce of the area changed from cheese to milk, and dairy became the major industry.
The Dorfold Estate passed back to descendants of the Wilbraham family in 1861 on inheritance by Anne Tollemache, the wife of Wilbraham Spencer Tollemache, who served as High Sheriff of Cheshire in 1865. The grounds of the hall were remodelled in 1861–2, with the construction of several buildings including the gate lodge. The present owners, the Roundells, are descendants of the Tollemaches via , daughter of Wilbraham and Anne Tollemache and wife of Charles Savile Roundell.
A parish hall was built in 1909 by local subscription, and served as an auxiliary military hospital for twenty convalescents during the First World War. Mains electricity arrived in the area in 1932. Acton village suffered bombing during the Second World War, particularly during one night in late 1940; there were no fatalities. Refugees, mainly from Liverpool, were housed in Acton, and Dorfold Park was used as a camp for American soldiers from November 1940.
Governance.
Acton has been administered since 1965 by Acton, Edleston & Henhull Parish Council, jointly with the adjacent civil parishes of Henhull and Edleston; there are five councillors for Acton and one for each of Henhull and Edleston. Prior to 1965, Acton had a separate parish council.
From 1974 to 2009, the Borough Council was Crewe and Nantwich, having previously been administered within Nantwich Rural Sanitary District (1875–94) and Nantwich Rural District (1894–1974). Since 1 April 2009 it has been part of the unitary authority of Cheshire East.
Acton falls in the Eddisbury parliamentary constituency, covering rural south-west Cheshire, which has been represented since 1999 by Stephen O'Brien. Since its establishment in 1983, the Eddisbury constituency has been held by the Conservative party, with the previous Member of Parliament being Alastair Goodlad (1983–99).
Geography and economy.
The village of Acton () lies on the A534 (Chester Road) 2¼ km (1½ miles) north west of the centre of Nantwich and 7¾ km (4¾ miles) south west of Crewe. The civil parish of Acton has a total area of , and also includes the small settlement of Dorfold, focused around Dorfold Hall (), as well as part of Burford, located around the A51–A534 crossroads (); Burford also falls partly in Henhull civil parish. Nearby villages include Burland (to the west), Ravensmoor (south west) and Rease Heath (north east).
The majority of buildings throughout the civil parish are in red brick with slate roofs, with occasional "black and white" half-timbered buildings, as well as the sandstone parish church. Much of Acton village dates from the 17th–19th centuries, centering around the church which dates originally from the 13th century. Fourteen council houses were built after the Second World War in Acton village to the east of the A534, and this development was subsequently expanded with a mix of semi-detached houses and terraced bungalows, the total now numbering some fifty dwellings. In the 2001 census, 65% of dwellings in the civil parish were described as semi-detached or terraced.
The area is relatively flat, with an average elevation of around 50–60 metres. The high point is 61 metres at Acton village; the low point is 43 metres at Nantwich Aqueduct. The geology is Keuper marl, with glacial sand deposit underlying Acton village; glacial boulders originating in Cumbria, such as the Bluestone, are occasionally uncovered. Outside Acton village settlement is sparse, and over 90% of the Acton, Henhull and Edleston combined area of 765 hectares (1890 acres) is open land. The predominant land usage is agricultural, mainly dairy with some arable, predominantly fodder crops and cereals. The Dorfold Estate (125.5 hectares; 310.1 acres) comprises around a third of the civil parish, and includes farmhouses, farmland, gardens, woodland and historic parkland. Around 3 hectares (7.4 acres) of semi-natural woodland within the park are believed to be ancient; other woodland includes Bull's Wood () and several immature plantations. Dorfold Park has a lake, and many smaller meres and ponds are scattered across the farmland. The main line of the Shropshire Union Canal runs broadly north–south to the east of the parish, with a short embanked section (around 300 metres) south of Nantwich Aqueduct falling within the parish boundary. Ravensmoor Brook runs north–south along the western boundary of the parish, and an unnamed brook runs north–south from Burford to just south of Monks Lane.
Historically, agriculture was the major employment sector; in 1831, for example, 63.9% of men over 20 were farmers or agricultural labourers. By the 2001 census, however, agriculture had been replaced by the service industries. The relatively high average distance travelled to work (17.5 km; 10.9 miles) reported in 2001 suggests that few residents were employed locally and many commuted significant distances to work.
Demography.
In 2006, the total population of the civil parish was estimated as 340. In the 2001 census, the recorded population was 311. Although this represents an increase of around 20% from 1901, the population remains below the 1851 figure "(see graph)". In 2001, 53.7% of the population were female and 98.4% of householders were white. Residents had an average (median) age of 38.0 years, with 23.2% aged under 16 and 12.2% aged 75 and over. The parish had a total of 124 dwellings, with an average household size of 2.55. 65.3% of dwellings were owner occupied; 21.0% were rented from the council or a housing association and 12.1% from a private landlord. 77.9% of households owned one or more cars. Of those aged 16–74, 45.3% held few or no academic qualifications (less than five GCSE passes or equivalent). According to the census, 1.5% of those aged 16–74 were unemployed and 27.9% were economically inactive.
Dorfold Estate.
The Jacobean mansion Dorfold Hall () was built in 1616–21 for Ralph Wilbraham; it is listed at grade I. A two-storey building on a double-pile plan in red brick with stone dressings, the main façade features a recessed centre with two small wings and large windows. The hall and gardens are open to the public one afternoon weekly from April to October.
The entire estate is listed on the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens. The grounds, remodelled to a design by William Andrews Nesfield in 1861–2, contain 7.5 hectares (18 acres) of gardens including a modern woodland garden. A grade-II*-listed gateway now situated in the wall to the west of the hall formerly belonged to Roger Wilbraham's almshouses in Nantwich, which were demolished in 1872. The wrought-iron gate features a sun motif with scrolls; it stands in a moulded stone opening flanked by niches containing busts and surmounted by lions.
Several other buildings within the park are listed at grade II. The oldest of these is an icehouse with a circular brick-lined underground chamber which probably dates from the late 18th century. Several structures that are now listed date from the 1861–2 works to the grounds. The Jacobean-style gate lodge on Chester Road is in red brick with stone dressings and blue brick decoration. The clock tower over the carriage house features stone frames to the clock dials and is topped by a wooden finial with a weather vane. A large iron statue of a mastiff with puppies oversetting a food bowl stands in the forecourt of the hall; it is attributed to Pierre Louis Rouillard and came from the Paris Exhibition of 1855.
Other landmarks.
St Mary's Church.
The red sandstone parish church is dedicated to St Mary the Virgin; it is listed at grade I. The tower dates originally from the 13th century, or a little earlier, and is one of the earliest in Cheshire. Much of the remainder of the church dates from the 15th century, although the chantry was endowed in 1398 and the north aisle windows are 14th century. In 1757, the top of the tower collapsed during a storm and was rebuilt 4 metres (13 ft) shorter in Early Gothic Revival style. The interior features carvings thought to date from the late 10th century, a Norman font, a stone bench around the walls, monuments to Sir William Mainwaring and Sir Richard Wilbraham and his wife, as well as Victorian stained glass by Charles Kempe.
A sundial dating from the late 17th century stands in the churchyard; it is mentioned in records of 1704 and is known to have been moved sometime after 1774. Of an unusual construction, with a long octagonal shaft capped with a ball finial, the sundial is believed to have originated as a medieval cross, perhaps destroyed under the Puritan government. It was originally decorated, with the ball being painted as a globe and the shaft having gold and black banding, and bore the twin inscriptions ""Tempus Fugit: Mors Venit" (Time flies, death comes)" and ""Ut Hora: Sic Vita" (As the hour, so life)". It is grade II listed and also designated a Scheduled Ancient Monument. Cricketer and rugby player A. N. Hornby is buried in the churchyard; his grave features a carving of a wicket, bat and ball in marble.
St Mary's has been administered since 1991 as a united benefice, the Cross Country Group of Parish Churches, with St Bartholomew's, Church Minshull, St Oswald's, Worleston and St David's, Wettenhall. It falls into the rural deanery of Nantwich and the diocese of Chester. Since 2007, the vicar has been the Reverend Peter Lillicrap. A magazine, "Cross Country", is circulated across all four churches.
Acton village.
The centre of Acton village has been designated a conservation area and contains several historic buildings. Apart from the church, the oldest buildings are a pair of grade-II-listed red-brick almshouses in the churchyard which were built by Sir Roger Wilbraham in 1613. The black-and-white Star Inn dates from the late 17th century and is grade II listed. The Glebe House on Monks Lane, once the vicarage, is a handsome three-storey, five-bay building in red brick with massive chimney stacks, built in 1723–27; it is listed at grade II*.
Other grade-II-listed buildings include Church Farm House and Star Cottages; both are in red brick and date from the early 19th century. Opposite St Mary's Church stands a grade-II-listed red telephone box which was installed in 1940. It is of the 1935 K6 type, designed by Giles Gilbert Scott.
Elsewhere in the civil parish.
The Nantwich Aqueduct () carries the Shropshire Union Canal over the Chester to Nantwich road (A534) near the eastern boundary of the civil parish. Constructed in around 1826 by Thomas Telford, the aqueduct has a single five-panelled arch and water trough with a balustrade, all in cast iron, carried by stone supports with pilasters. It is listed at grade II*.
Dorfold Dairy House () was formerly the Dorfold Estate's home farm; a three-storey, three-bay, U-shaped building in red brick dating from the late 17th century, it is listed at grade II*. The adjacent red-brick farm building is grade II listed. Madam's Farm () off Raven's Lane was the former dower house of the Hall; a three-storey, three-bay, T-shaped building in red brick dating from the late 18th century, it is listed at grade II. Other grade-II-listed buildings within the parish include the black-and-white Cuckoo Cottage () on Cuckoo Lane just north of Acton Grange, dating from the late 17th century, an unnamed red-brick cottage () by the Burford crossroads, dating from the early 19th century, and the Old Farmhouse, Village Farm. The unlisted Dorfold Cottage () is a Victorian house featuring a castellated tower and Gothic stucco-work on the interior.
A moated enclosure () is located just outside Acton village, to the west of St Mary's Church; it is a Scheduled Ancient Monument. Believed to represent the site of a medieval vicarage, it consists of a square moat surrounding a raised island, and is the only local example to be filled with water. The Bluestone is a granite boulder glacial deposit situated near the Burford crossroads, which was unearthed during road building and is believed to originate from Cumbria. The name is thought to derive from blue porphyritic crystals, which are no longer visible. A local legend suggests that the boulder was thrown at Acton church from Bickerton Hill by the Devil. The stone gives its name to the small settlement of Bluestone in Henhull civil parish.
Transport.
The A534 (Chester Road) runs along the eastern boundary of the parish, cutting inwards at Acton village; it connects with the A51 at the Burford crossroads. It was estimated in 2005 that 3400 vehicles passed through the village daily on this road. The A534 (Cuckoo Lane) runs along the northern boundary. Monks Lane runs east–west from Acton village, and is commonly used as a cut off to the A534 (Cuckoo Lane). Marsh Lane, from Ravensmoor to Nantwich, runs on the southern boundary of the parish, with Dig Lane connecting it to Ravens Lane in Burland parish.
Acton is served by buses running between Crewe, Nantwich and Chester. In a 2005 survey (also including residents of Henhull and Edleston), 42% of respondents indicated that they used this bus service at least twice a month. However, in the 2001 census, no Acton residents stated that they used public transport to travel to work.
The parish is reasonably well served with public footpaths, particularly in the north–south direction. The most frequently used are the Crewe and Nantwich Circular Walk and the towpath of the Shropshire Union Canal, both broadly north–south, and an east–west path that connects Acton village with Swanley.
Education and public services.
Acton Church of England Primary School in Acton village opened in 1843 and was extended in 1988. A Church of England controlled school, it serves Acton as well as the nearby areas of Baddiley North, Brindley, Burland, Edleston, Faddiley, Henhull, Ravensmoor, Swanley and Woodhey. As of 2005, there were 127 pupils. Acton civil parish falls within the catchment area of Malbank School and Sixth Form College in Nantwich.
The nearest NHS hospital is Leighton Hospital near Crewe, administered by the Mid Cheshire Hospitals NHS Trust. Policing is provided by the Nantwich Neighbourhood Policing Unit, within the Eastern Area of Cheshire Constabulary, ambulances by North West Ambulance Service, and fire and rescue by Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service, with the nearest fire station being in Nantwich.
Culture and community.
The parish hall in Acton village was built in 1909 and has been recently updated and extended. It forms a venue for theatrical and operatic performances, and also provides a meeting place for many local organisations. The Star Inn is another important meeting place. The mobile library service visits Acton village weekly. As of 2005, there were no general stores, post offices, police stations or health centres within the civil parish; the nearest facilities are in Nantwich.
Dorfold Hall Park hosts the annual Nantwich and South Cheshire Show, a single-day agricultural show with trade stalls and ring displays organised by the Nantwich Agricultural Society. In 2006, the event drew an estimated 32,000 visitors. The show includes the Nantwich International Cheese Awards, established in 1897 and claimed to be the largest cheese exhibition in Europe. The 2007 Cheese Show attracted 2250 entries from around 24 countries.
Notable residents.
Edward Burghall (1600–1665), vicar of St Mary's (1646–1662), was the author of "Providence Improved", a diary of 1628–1663, an important document in the history of Puritanism. Joseph Partridge (1724–1796), schoolmaster of Acton free grammar school (1766–1772), was the author of the first history of Nantwich. Alethea Lewis (1749–1827), who was born in Acton, wrote essays and novels exploring Christian themes, many under the penname "Eugenia de Acton".
Sir Roger Wilbraham (1553–1616), who purchased the Dorfold estate in 1602, was a prominent English lawyer who served as Solicitor-General for Ireland under Elizabeth I and held positions at court under James I. He founded almshouses in St Mary's churchyard in 1613. Henry James Tollemache (1846–1939) of Dorfold Hall was the Conservative MP for West Cheshire (1881–1885) and Eddisbury (1885–1906). The current owner of the hall, Richard Roundell (b. 1944), is the deputy chairman of Christie's and served as High Sheriff of Cheshire in 1984. His daughter, 
Laura (b. 1972), a former model and fashion editor of "Harper's Bazaar", married William Cavendish, photographer and heir to the 12th Duke of Devonshire, in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2927728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927728" title="Zabalza">
Zabalza

Zabalza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927729" title="Potential Plus UK">
Potential Plus UK

Potential Plus UK, officially the National Association for Gifted Children (NAGC) is an association in the United Kingdom for gifted and talented children, and their parents. It is a registered charity under English law.
Function.
NAGC is a not-for-profit organisation that supports the social, emotional and learning needs of children with high learning potential of all ages and backgrounds. This includes children who have been identified as gifted and talented; children who have the potential to achieve through a wide range of abilities in academic subjects, sport, the arts and leadership; those who are twice exceptional (giftedness coupled with a disability or learning difficulty) and the profoundly gifted.
The aim is to enable every child with high learning potential to grow in confidence, thrive and achieve fulfilment.
NAGC supports over 15,000 young people each year by providing parents, carers and professionals with the confidence and tools they need to help these children thrive. NAGC gives them support and specialist advice covering a wide range of issues that affect some of these children’s lives every day, such as lack of self esteem, feelings of isolation and frustration, lack of challenge in the classroom or at home, underachievement or challenging behaviour. In addition, NAGC provides opportunities for fun, friendship and challenge outside the classroom.
Each year NAGC in the UK supports over 90,000 young people by providing parents, carers and professionals with the confidence and tools they need to help these children to thrive. NAGC's services include:
A confidential information and advice service;
Fully resourced information and fact sheets on www.nagcbritain.org.uk;
Termly family newsletters and children's magazines;
A programme of family activities across the country;
Consultancy and workshops for parents, carers and professionals;
Dedicated membership services;
Online members' discussion forum; and
Local clubs and parent support groups.
An organisation of the same name and acronym is located in the United States, with a similar mission and scope.
Location.
NAGC is based in Bletchley, Milton Keynes, near to Bletchley Park, next to the West Coast Main Line and Denbigh West.
However, it provides support and events across the country at national, regional and local levels.

</doc>
<doc id="2927730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927730" title="Lee Murray">
Lee Murray

Lee Lamrani Ibrahim "Lightning" Murray (Arabic: لي العمراني إبراهيم موراي) is an English-Moroccan mixed martial artist and convicted bank robber. He was sentenced to 10 years in jail in June 2010 for masterminding a 2006 £53 million armed raid in Kent, England. His term was then extended to 25 years on 30 November 2010.
In comments made to Sports Illustrated in April 2008, UFC president Dana White said, "He (Murray) is a scary son-of-a-bitch. And I don't mean fighter-wise."
Early life.
On his mother Barbara Murray's side, Lee's family hails from Bermondsey, a densely populated part of south London located between Tower Bridge and the Old Kent Road, and also an area that has been a traditional breeding ground for professional criminals, especially armed robbers. Following World War II, the Murrays were among thousands of working-class families relocated from bomb-ravaged inner London to council estates on the outskirts of the capital. The particular location of the Murray residence was 6 Godstow Road in Abbey Wood, located between Shooter's Hill - so named because it was once a notorious area for highway robbery - and the River Thames, in the southeast corner of Greater London.
Barbara Murray was a hairdresser and later a telephonist, and it was on a holiday to Gran Canaria that she met Lee's father, Brahim Lamrani, a kitchen hand from the southern Moroccan city of Sidi Ifni. The couple's first child, Lee would be born in St. Nicholas Hospital, Plumstead, on 12 November 1977, and was initially raised by his mother while Brahim continued to live and work in the Canary Islands. Eventually he came to England and married Barbara in 1984, and the following year she gave birth to Lee's only sibling, a daughter named Rkia.
By then the family were living a few miles from Abbey Wood at 11 Buttmarsh Close, Plumstead, and Murray attended Foxfield Primary School, where he would meet his eventual wife, Siobhan Rowlings, who was three years his junior. Murray's closest associates at this point were a group of other males from Buttmarsh and the surrounding estates who called themselves the "Buttmarsh Boys;" described as "happy kids" who used to "play like normal kids on the estate," the boys fought to establish a pecking order among the group and believed they had a duty to "look after" Buttmarsh, sometimes engaging in fights with boys from neighboring estates. A skinny youngster, Murray's preferred method of attack was running into battle wind-milling his arms around his head with a "manic" expression on his face, a maneuver that combined with his protruding ears earned him the nickname of "Alien," which he hated.
Murray had a difficult relationship with his father, who was often drunk and described as a "frightening, violent man" who was "volatile and domineering." Largely absent from the first seven years of Lee's life, Brahim demanded respect and obedience from his son, at one point garnering a warning from police for mistreatment. Eventually, Lee began to fight back against his father, with Lee's former next-door neighbor describing an incident where Brahim "actually went and hit Lee and Lee snapped, just turned round and knocked his Dad clean out...once he realized he could take down a big man like that I think that's what changed Lee into the man he is now - a thug." The relationship between father and son eventually grew so tempestuous that Brahim felt staying at home would result in either he or Lee killing the other, so he moved out. Barbara Murray was then left to raise Lee and Rkia largely on her own, and moved back to the Abbey Wood Estate by getting a council house on Grovebury Road around the corner from her parents.
At this time Lee began attending Eaglesfield Boys School, which is where he would meet his eventual best friend and partner-in-crime, Paul Allen. Murray - who does enjoy reading and puzzles - was a subpar student, and what little talent he did exhibit was in football, although he failed to make the school team. Murray's teachers found him to be unmanageable, resulting in his expulsion and eventual enrollment at Woolwich Polytechnic School to complete the statutory years of his education. By then Murray was living life on the streets, with stealing and drug-dealing a part of everyday activity; he and the Buttmarsh Boys were allegedly in daily contact with Nigerian drug dealers who operated at Plumstead train station, and an eventual turf war broke out that saw Murray and his friends emerge victorious, leading to their inheritance of the local drug trade.
Murray would eventually be convicted of possession of cocaine and marijuana, in addition to being named in the Old Bailey as a notorious London drug dealer who employed Paul Allen as his right-hand man in addition to a network of drug runners. One of Murray's best friends from this time was a local ruffian and future mixed martial artist named Mark "The Beast" Epstein, who claimed that he and Lee sold crack cocaine and that Murray "made a lot of money from that." Murray also proved himself adept at the more violent side of selling drugs, typically in order to control territory and make sure customers pay. Murray himself claimed that "some people would probably say I was a bully, but a bully to me is someone that goes for easy targets and people who can't fight back. Me, I went for all targets." Murray was known for punching people almost at random in the street, as well as habitually harassing a man who ran a local corner shop.
Murray was soon sent to the Feltham Young Offenders Institution, the first of several custodial sentences for relatively minor offenses such as assault and thievery; he also served time as a juvenile in Dover and Norwich as well. Upon emerging from Feltham, Murray began attending the gym, lifting weights and drinking weight-gainer shakes in order to add bulk to his lanky, 6'3" frame. Joining him at the gym was Paul Allen, who by then was known as "The Enforcer", presumably because he assisted in enforcing Murray's control over drug-dealing in their small swath of south-east London.
Murray and Allen were soon using steroids and spending the money they earned from selling drugs on cars, typically of the big, flashy variety. The police stopped Murray regularly, and because they suspected he was a drug dealer attempted to place an informer in his group but failed to acquire sufficient evidence to prosecute. Murray was contemptuous of the police, often mocking and intimidating them on the streets, sometimes even following police officers around in his car. Some officers at Plumstead Police Station were afraid of Murray, and there was even a rumour within the station that certain policemen preferred not to confront him, with one stating that "he's a very dangerous man."
Murray's girlfriend Siobhan gave birth to his first child, a daughter named Lilly Jane on 24 December 1998. Just weeks later Murray was caught up in a turf war with rival drug dealers that led to the arrest of Epstein and more than a dozen others, many ultimately ending up in prison. Murray, however, got "clean away," with Epstein saying that "he was the only one that slipped through the net. I mean, lucky boy! But he's always been lucky...I went to prison for three years."
Murray would marry Siobhan on 24 November 2000, listing himself on their wedding certificate as a "professional fighter."
Murray would then divorce Siobhan in 2008 while incarcerated in a Moroccan jail.
Mixed martial arts career.
Shortly after dodging arrest Murray was introduced to mixed martial arts, and he competed in his first fight on 5 December 1999 at an event called "Millennium Brawl" that was held at Hemel Hempstead Pavilion. His opponent was Rob Hudson, and Murray knocked him out in the first round, prompting event promoter Andy Jardine to say, "He was so quick they called him 'Lightning' Lee Murray."
Murray's successful debut led him to begin training seriously; he jogged around the Abbey Wood Estate and attended two gyms - London Shootfighters in White City for wrestling, and Peacock's Gym in Canning Town for boxing. Martin Bowers, who ran Peacock's with his brothers Tony and Paul, described Murray as "a very nice boy" who "conducted himself well." Bowers said that Murray reminded him of many other young men who he'd seen in his gym over the years, men who'd come from troubled backgrounds but whose lives were given structure by sport. Notably, at the same time that Murray was training at Peacock's Gym the Bowers brothers were planning a series of robberies, the biggest being a brazen raid on a high-security warehouse at Gatwick Airport; their scheme involved disguising themselves as security officers, utilizing a phony Brink's-Mat van to get into the depot, and then stealing £1 million in foreign currency. After Scotland Yard found out about the planned heist all three brothers were arrested and jailed; it has been speculated that while Murray had no prior knowledge about the caper, the schematics that were later revealed publicly may have given him some of the ideas that were used in the not-dissimilar Securitas depot robbery.
Murray had four professional fights in 2000; the first was a 12 March encounter with Mike Tomlinson under the banner of "Ring of Truth." Murray won the fight via a kimura submission in the first round, but it was in February 2004 that he would expand on some of the events surrounding the fight. Writing on a message board in a now-archived thread from the mixed martial arts website Sherdog, Murray told the story of watching Prince Naseem Hamed's fight at a pub the night before his own match with Tomlinson; when a patron stood in front of Murray and then accused him of stealing his seat after being asked to move, Murray allegedly knocked the man and his friend who attempted to aid him unconscious, followed by utilizing knee-strikes to knock out a bartender who rushed to break up the fight. The following morning - and day of his fight with Tomlinson - Murray was unable to close his left hand; his friend (and former professional mixed martial artist) Dexter Casey examined the injury and said they needed to go to the hospital, but Murray claims to have refused. After taping the hand, Murray relied solely on his good (right) hand, stating that he "caught him with a few good rights...he was rocked so he took me down then I caught him in a keylock on the ground and won the fight...after that I went to the hospital and got my hand plastered up, it was broke in two places."
Murray's next two bouts took place on 17 June 2000 in a tournament fought at Extreme Challenge 34. Murray defeated his first opponent, Chris Albandia, by ankle lock in the first round. Murray would later say that he thought Albandia was a kickboxer because he was wearing Thai shorts, so he started the fight out with leg kicks. When Albandia surprised Murray by performing a single-leg takedown, Murray said he "sprawled and took him to the side of the cage where I was kneeing him and punching constantly. He dropped again and took me down, going for a leglock. So I grabbed his leg and went to trade leglocks with him. I cranked an achilles lock on and I think it must have snapped because there was a real loud crack. Even Pat heard it in my corner and when Chris got up he couldn't put weight on it. So I won that one."
The victory advanced Murray to the second round of the tournament, but he would lose by armbar to Canadian submission-specialist Joe Doerksen in the opening round. Murray said that when he "went into the final, I was so happy and excited about winning the first I just sort of lost my focus...a BJJ [Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu guy who's only ever lost to Matt Hughes and Eugene Jackson. Anyway, he just took me straight to the ground. I didn't even make him pay while he tried. He launched a three sub attack at me with me in his guard. I fended off two and then got submitted with a keylock. I learnt a lot from that fight."
Murray's next fight was just weeks later, a 9 July contest against Danny Rushton, a fighter who had gained a reputation for toughness due to his competing in true no-holds-barred competitions in Russia. The match ended up a no-contest, however, after Rushton collapsed in the first round due to exhaustion.
At some point in 2000, Murray traveled to Bettendorf, Iowa to train at the renowned Miletich Fighting Systems camp run by former UFC welterweight champion Pat Miletich. In an interview conducted before the Rushton fight, Murray stated that while at MFS he trained a "hell of a lot of ground work. And a lot of kickboxing too. I prefer standup. Well, I just prefer to strike really. I like to keep the fight standing up and punch. Mind you, I like to punch from the mount too. I like to strike."
On 11 March 2001, Murray fought to a draw against Chris Bacon at Millennium Brawl 2: Capital Punishment; he followed that up with a first-round knockout of Gary Warren at Millennium Brawl 3: Independence Day on 1 July.
On 11 September 2004 Lee fought future UFC middleweight champion Anderson 'The Spider' Silva in Cage Rage 8 for the vacant middleweight title. Silva won by unanimous decision.
Lee amassed an 8-2-1 (1NC) record in smaller promotions before receiving a contract with the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). In his UFC debut, he defeated Jorge Rivera by triangle choke/armbar in the first round. This was Murray's only fight in the UFC due to complications with his US visa as a result of ongoing criminal prosecution against him in the UK for assault after he attacked a man during a road rage incident. This led to Murray signing with the Cage Rage promotion, which was also short-lived due to injuries resulting from a stabbing preventing Lee from continuing his MMA career.
Street brawls.
Witnesses claim Murray was involved in a scuffle with then-UFC light heavyweight champion Tito Ortiz outside of a nightclub in London after UFC 38 in July 2002, in which Murray allegedly fought Ortiz. Murray asserts he knocked Ortiz out- a claim substantiated by Matt Hughes in his book "Made in America: The Most Dominant Champion in UFC History" (pg. 168), as well as Pat Miletich during an interview with ESPN. Tito Ortiz however denies he was knocked out. Chuck Liddell has also stated that he did not see Tito knocked unconscious.
On 28 September 2005, Murray was hospitalized after being stabbed in a brawl during the birthday party of British glamour model Lauren Pope. He suffered a punctured lung and a severed artery. According to the doctor who performed the life saving surgery on Murray, he was resuscitated four times during the operation that saved his life. When thanked, the doctor remarked that Lee should thank the nurses who ran the bags of blood from the blood bank because that was what saved his life.
Securitas Depot robbery.
On 25 June 2006, in a joint operation with Moroccan police, Murray was arrested at a shopping centre in the Souissi district of the capital Rabat for suspected involvement in the Securitas depot robbery. Moroccan police said they had to use "specialist techniques to arrest the suspects because they were specialists in martial arts and firearms" Kent Police said in a statement that they had been tracking Murray for three months and would be seeking his extradition from Morocco. There is no treaty between the UK and Morocco, and the process was expected to take months. Later, Moroccan police revealed that Murray had also been charged with possession of "hard drugs". An officer said this could complicate extradition proceedings because, in theory, Murray would have to serve time in Morocco first for any offences committed there. On 27 June 2006 Kent Police confirmed the news of Murray's arrest in Morocco, and also stated that over 30 people had now been arrested in conjunction with the investigation.
In February 2007 it was reported that Murray could be returned to Britain in exchange for suspected terrorist Mohamed Karbouzi, who is wanted for questioning by the Moroccan authorities in connection with the 2003 Casablanca bombings.
In June 2009, an attempt to escape Salé prison in Morocco was made by Murray. Small saws were found in a plate of biscuits in Murray's cell by another prisoner who broke into it. Prison officials believe Murray was planning to cut through the iron bars of his cell window with the saws. To make the escape through the small window easier, Murray had lost a significant amount of weight recently through training hard and starving himself. Murray was in a different cell at the time as punishment for being caught with a laptop computer (with internet access) and five kilos of drugs. Other prisoners in Salé held it against Murray that he was able to use his money to smuggle in items like these, as well as expensive clothes. The fellow prisoner who broke into his cell was doing so to steal some of Murray's belongings. He was convicted of the £53m crime in a Moroccan court in June 2010. Kent Police said Murray must serve 10 years in jail in Morocco for his involvement. This sentence was then extended to 25 years on 30 November 2010
Film biography.
Time Inc. announced on 4 August 2008 that they would be making a film about Lee Murray's alleged role in the robbery, based on an article about him in Sports Illustrated called "Breaking the Bank". In addition to the robbery, the film will also concentrate on Murray's life, including his mixed martial arts career.

</doc>
<doc id="2927731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927731" title="Giuseppe Caprio">
Giuseppe Caprio

Giuseppe Caprio (15 November 1914 – 15 October 2005), was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He held the post of President of the Prefecture for the Economic Affairs of the Holy See before he retired in 1990. He had been the internuncio, then pro-nuncio, to China from 1959—1967, and the pro-nuncio to India from 1967—1969. 
He then transferred to the Roman Curia, serving as secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Holy See, then in the Secretariat of State, where he worked for Pope John Paul I before being appointed President of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Holy See in 1979, then President of the Prefecture for the Economic Affairs of the Holy See in 1981. He was elevated to cardinal in 1979, becoming Cardinal-Deacon of "S. Maria Ausiliatrice in Via Tuscolana". He was Cardinal protodeacon from 22 June 1987.
Cardinal Caprio opted for the order of cardinal priests on 26 Nov 1990, and became the Cardinal-Priest of the "Titulus S. Mariae de Victoria". He was also a Knight of St. Januarius. 

</doc>
<doc id="2927732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927732" title="Mark 24 mine">
Mark 24 mine

The Mark 24 mine (also known as FIDO or Fido) was a US air-dropped passive acoustic homing anti-submarine torpedo used during the Second World War against German and Japanese submarines. It entered service in March 1943 and continued in service with the US Navy until 1948. Approximately 4,000 torpedoes were produced, sinking 37 and damaging a further 18 submarines out of a total of 204 fired. The torpedo was also supplied to the British and Canadian forces. The deceptive name of "Mark 24 Mine" was deliberately chosen for security purposes, to conceal the true nature of the weapon.
Development.
The US Navy began studies into an air-dropped anti-submarine torpedo in the autumn of 1941. Based on a formal set of requirements, Harvard Underwater Sound Lab (HUSL) and Bell Telephone Labs began development in December 1941. These later projects later became Office of Scientific Research and Development project 61 (FIDO). 
Both Bell Labs and HUSL proceeded with parallel development of torpedoes, with a complete exchange of information between them. Western Electric were to develop a lightweight, shock resistant, 48 volt lead-acid battery capable of providing 110 amps for 15 minutes. General Electric were to design and fabricate propulsion and steering motors and to investigate an active acoustic homing system. David Taylor Model Basin was to assist with hydrodynamics and propulsion.
The guidance system consisted of four hydrophones placed around the midsection of the torpedo, connected to a vacuum tube-based sound processing array. A Bell Labs proportional and HUSL non-proportional steering system had been demonstrated by July 1942. 
An existing Mark 13 torpedo provided the body of the torpedo, it was modified by shortening the hull, reducing the diameter, reducing the weight, and designing a hemispherical nose section to carry the explosive charge, and a conical tail section with four stabilizing fins and rudders and a single propeller. The effect of these modifications was to produce a relatively short, "fat" torpedo.
In June 1942, the US Navy decided to take the torpedo into production, even though there was still major testing work remaining on the project, including air-drop testing. The Bell Labs version of the guidance system was selected for production, with proportional homing. Testing of the pre-production prototypes continued on into December 1942, and the US Navy received the first production models in March 1943.
Initially 10,000 torpedoes were ordered, but FIDO proved so effective that the order was reduced to 4,000. The torpedoes ended up costing $1,800 each.
Description.
Upon water entry, FIDO performed a circular search at a predetermined depth controlled by a bellows and pendulum system. This continued until the potential target's 24 kHz acoustic signal detected by the hydrophones exceeded a predetermined threshold level, at which point control was then shifted to the passive acoustic proportional homing system. Initially the torpedoes were set to search for a target at a depth of 50 feet (15 m), this was later changed to 150 feet (45 m). To prevent the torpedo accidentally attacking surface ships, it resumed its circling search if it rose above a depth of 40 feet (12 m).
The torpedo's relatively low speed was kept secret because, although U-boats could not outrun the torpedo when submerged, they could outrun it on the surface.
Combat history.
On 14 May a Catalina of the US Navy attacked and destroyed a U-boat; this was either "U-657" or "U-640". On 13 May Liberator B/86 had attacked a U-boat with a FIDO, but this vessel, "U-456", was only damaged, sinking the following day from damage received. One of these vessels was the first U-boat sinking achieved using FIDO. During its career, the torpedo sank a total of 37 submarines, achieving an effectiveness of about 22%, compared with about 9% for depth charges.
"from US Navy OEG Study No. 289, 12 August 1946 provides the following data related to Mark 24 effectiveness:"

</doc>
<doc id="2927734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927734" title="Ziordia">
Ziordia

Ziordia is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927735" title="NAGC">
NAGC

NAGC may refer to:
Organizations

</doc>
<doc id="2927753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927753" title="I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight">
I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight

I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight is the second album released by Richard Thompson and the first including and credited with his then wife, Linda Thompson as Richard and Linda Thompson. It was released by Island Records in the UK in 1974. Although never commercially successful and critically ignored on its release, it is now considered to be a masterpiece and one of the finest works of both Richard and Linda singularly or together.
The album has been included on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
History.
After the marked lack of success achieved by his first album, "Henry the Human Fly", British singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard Thompson started a personal and professional relationship with Linda Peters, a session singer. "I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight" was the first album by the duo of Richard and Linda Thompson.
Where his first album was treated harshly by the critics, the second was eventually hailed as a masterpiece. Recorded on a shoestring budget in a matter of days (but sitting unreleased for nearly 8 months while the record label tried to decide what to do with it), it is now regarded as a classic of English folk-rock and one of the Thompsons' finest achievements.
The title track has been covered by (among others) Lucy Kaplansky, Weddings Parties Anything, Arlo Guthrie, Matt Pond PA, Ocean Colour Scene, Julie Covington and Sleater-Kinney, whilst Kate Rusby and Elvis Costello have both covered "Withered and Died". Costello also covered "The End of the Rainbow" as did Barbara Manning. Maria McKee covered "Has He Got a Friend for Me" on her first solo album.
Reception.
Initially ignored by reviewers, "I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight" later came to be highly regarded. Robert Christgau rated it highly when it was re-released as one half of "Live! (More or Less)" noting that " don't sentimentalize about time gone—they simply encompass it in an endless present." When it was re-released in 1984, along with other albums in the Thompsons' catalog, Kurt Loder writing in "Rolling Stone" described it as a "timeless masterpiece" with "not a single track that's less than luminous".
More recent reviews are equally complimentary. Allmusic notes that the album is "nothing short of a masterpiece" and calls it "music of striking and unmistakable beauty". 'Q' (May 2007, p. 135): "After his 1971 departure from Fairport Convention, Richard Thompson found his ideal foil in recent bride Linda. A hugely inventive guitarist, he gives full vent to his talent on this dark, brooding album. Indeed, he never quite recaptured the murky demons inside the likes of 'Withered and Died' ever again."
In 2003 the album was placed at number 479 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
Cultural references to the song.
• In the 2012 American science fiction action thriller film 'Looper', written and directed by Rian Johnson, the strains of "...bright lights tonight" can be heard near the end of the film. The song itself is used in a love scene earlier in the film.
Personnel.
Bonus tracks:
Richard & Linda Thompson with John Kirkpatrick, Dave Pegg (bass guitar) and Dave Mattacks (drums).

</doc>
<doc id="2927758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927758" title="Zubieta">
Zubieta

Zubieta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2927779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927779" title="Vladimir Odoyevsky">
Vladimir Odoyevsky

Prince Vladimir Fyodorovich Odoyevsky () ( – ) was a prominent Russian philosopher, writer, music critic, philanthropist and pedagogue. He became known as the "Russian Hoffmann" on account of his keen interest in phantasmagoric tales and musical criticism.
Life.
The last of his family,[http://rurik.genealogia.ru/Rospisi/Odoev.htm] Prince Odoevsky was genealogically the most senior member of the House of Rurik. Considered by his contemporaries as a typical Muscovite, he was educated at the Nobility School of the Moscow University in 1816-22. In the mid-1820s, Odoyevsky presided over the Lyubomudry Society, where he and his fellow students met to discuss the ideas of Friedrich Schelling and other German philosophers. At that period, he came to know many future Slavophiles and Westernizers, but refused to identify himself with any of these movements.
Since 1824, Odoyevsky was active as a literary critic and journalist. In 1824 he and Wilhelm Küchelbecker founded the short-lived Moscow literary magazine "Mnemozina". Perhaps most famously, he co-edited the "Sovremennik" with Alexander Pushkin in the mid-1830s. In 1826, he moved to St Petersburg, where he joined the staff of the Imperial Public Library. Two decades later, he was put in charge of the Rumyantsev Museum. Odoyevsky finally returned to Moscow in 1861 but continued to serve as a senator until his death. He is buried in the Donskoy monastery necropolis.
Short stories.
Aspiring to imitate Ludwig Tieck and Novalis, Odoyevsky published a number of tales for children (e.g., "The Snuff-Box Town") and fantastical stories for adults (e.g., "Cosmorama" and "Salamandra") imbued with the vague mysticism in the vein of Jakob Boehme and Louis-Claude de Saint-Martin.
Following the success of Pushkin's "The Queen of Spades", Odoyevsky wrote a number of similar stories on the dissipated life of the Russian aristocracy (e.g., "Princess Mimi" and "Princess Zizi"). On account of his many short stories from the 1820s and 1830s, Odoyevsky should be listed among the pioneers of the impressionistic short story in Europe.
His most mature book was the collection of essays and novellas entitled "The Russian Nights" (1844). Loosely patterned after the "Noctes Atticae", the book took two decades to complete. It contains some of Odoyevsky's best known fiction, including the dystopian novellas "The Last Suicide" and "The Town with No Name". The stories are interlaced with philosophic conversations redolent of the French Encyclopedists.
Musical criticism.
As a music critic, Odoyevsky set out to propagate the national style of Mikhail Glinka and his followers, denigrating their forebears such as Dmitri Bortniansky. He also wrote a romanticised biography of the Russian violinist Ivan Khandoshkin, whose career he presented as thwarted by the malign influence of such Italian musicians as Giuseppe Sarti. Among his many articles on musical subjects, a treatise about old Russian church singing deserves particular attention, though he expressed strong distaste for "strochnoy" (early Russian polyphonic) chant: "No human ear could possibly bear the succession of seconds that are constantly to be encountered." Johann Sebastian Bach and Beethoven appear as characters in some of his novellas. Odoyevsky was active in the foundation of the Russian Musical Society, Moscow Conservatory, and St. Petersburg Conservatory.
Technology.
Odoyevsky took part in development of the electroplating technology, invented by Moritz von Jacobi in Russia. In 1844 Odoyevsky wrote a book "Galvanism applied in technology" ("Гальванизм в техническом применении"). He made a number of experiments and developed cobalt electroplating.
Utopia.
Recently, Odoyevsky has been credited to have predicted blogging, and the basic principles of the Internet. In his unfinished utopian novel "Year 4338" (fragments published 1835 and 1840; the whole manuscript 1926), he mused:
Finally, today we received a household journal from the prime minister, where we, among others, were invited to a soiree. You need to know that in many houses, especially those well connected, such journals are published, having replaced regular correspondence. . . . The journals usually provide information about the hosts’ good or bad health, family news, various thoughts and comments, small inventions, as well as invitations; in case of a dinner invitation, also the menu. Besides, for communicating in emergency, friends' houses are connected by means of magnetic telegraphs that allow people who live far from each other to talk to each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2927784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927784" title="Hanksite">
Hanksite

Hanksite is a sulfate mineral, distinguished as one of only a handful that contain both carbonate and sulfate ion groups. It has the chemical formula: Na22K(SO4)9(CO3)2Cl.
Occurrence.
It was first described in 1888 for an occurrence in Searles Lake, California and named for American geologist Henry Garber Hanks (1826–1907). Hanksite is normally found in crystal form as evaporite deposits. Hanksite crystals are large but not complex in structure. It is often found in Searles Lake, Soda Lake, Mono Lake, and in Death Valley. It is associated with halite, borax, trona and aphthitalite in the Searles Lake area.
Physical characteristics.
Hanksite can be colorless, white, gray, green or yellow and is transparent or translucent. The mineral's hardness is approximately 3 to 3.5. The specific gravity is approximately 2.5 (slightly below average). It is salty to the taste and sometimes glows pale yellow in ultra-violet light. Typical growth habits are hexagonal prisms or tabular with pyramidal terminations. The streak of Hanksite is white. It can contain inclusions of clay that the crystal formed around while developing.

</doc>
<doc id="2927794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927794" title="Beatty, Saskatchewan">
Beatty, Saskatchewan

Beatty (2006 population 61) is a village in Saskatchewan, Canada, located approximately 13 km (8 mi) northwest of Melfort. It is at the junction of highways 3 and 368. In 1925, Beatty was a Canadian National Railways C.N.R. Rail Station on the Swan River - Prince Albert Branch Line. Beatty belongs to Rural Municipality Number 429 - Flett's Springs. The area surrounding Beatty is predominantly farmland.
History.
Beatty was named in 1904, after (and by) Reginald Beatty, an employee of the Hudson's Bay Company and the first settler in the Melfort district.
Beatty post office was established in 1908 in the Federal electoral district of Rosthern.
Sports.
Like most small communities in Saskatchewan, sports centered around hockey. In 1948 the Beatty Memorial Rink was built by a group of local volunteers. After many years, this rink was condemned to be destroyed because of its structural integrity. The town rallied again and built a new rink. This rink served the town until 1993.
In 1985 the Beatty Barons Senior Men's hockey team won the provincial championships. The town of Beatty fielded pre-novice and novice hockey teams until 1993. The rink was also used for community skating and hosting hockey tournaments. 
Because there were no hockey teams left by 1993, the rink was sold to the town of Rocanville. The town of Rocanville had the rink taken apart piece by piece and moved 423 km away.
Education.
Children living in Beatty tend to go to school in Melfort. 
The early one room school house in town was Beatty School District #1766. This also hosted a second one room school house for the higher grades including grade 12.
Local Businesses.
Dwayne Industries, Donaro Farms, GP Fiberglass, Hillbilly Farms, Jellicoe Grocery, Jellicoe Plumbing, McConaghy Farms, Tremblay Construction, Wright's Greenhouse

</doc>
<doc id="2927797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927797" title="Lars Eriksson (footballer)">
Lars Eriksson (footballer)

Lars Eriksson (born September 21, 1965 in Stockholm) is a former football goalkeeper from Sweden. He participated in the 1990 FIFA World Cup, 1994 FIFA World Cup and Euro 1992. He played for Hammarby, Norrköping, Charleroi and FC Porto.
International career.
Between 1988 and 1995 he played 17 matches for the national team, but was often used as bench cover for Thomas Ravelli. He took part in the 1990 FIFA World Cup, 1994 FIFA World Cup and Euro 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2927798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927798" title="Fred H. Brown">
Fred H. Brown

Fred Herbert Brown (April 12, 1879February 3, 1955) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Somersworth, New Hampshire. He served as mayor of Somersworth and as United States Attorney for New Hampshire before his term as Governor of New Hampshire from 1923 to 1925, and later served in the United States Senate.
Brown was elected to the Senate by narrowly defeating Republican incumbent George H. Moses in the Roosevelt landslide of 1932. But he lost his bid for re-election in 1938.
He served as Comptroller General of the United States from 1939 to 1940. He was appointed to a 15-year term, as are all Comptrollers General, but only served one year due to illness.
He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Boston Beaneaters in 1901 and 1902. He played nine games over the course of those two seasons, seven in the outfield, going 4-for-20 at the plate and not making an error in 10 chances in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="2927801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927801" title="Zugarramurdi">
Zugarramurdi

Zugarramurdi is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre in northern Spain
It passed into history as the setting of alleged occult activity featured in the infamous Basque witch trials held in Logroño in the seventeenth century. The town is home to the Basque witch museum and the "Cuevas de las Brujas" (Witch caves). Every year, spectacular fires are lit in the caves near Zugarramurdi for the celebration of the ‘day of the witch’ on the summer solstice.

</doc>
<doc id="2927807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927807" title="Zúñiga, Navarre">
Zúñiga, Navarre

Zúñiga is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
This town was formerly known as "Estuñiga", particularly during the Middle Ages, and between that time and the present, it has gone through many spelling variations.
Zúñiga and its variant Zúniga is also a surname, particularly common in the Basque region of Spain and in areas where significant numbers of Basques have immigrated to, including Central America, Chile, and Mexico, to which some of the most important members of the old Zúñiga family went. Famous actress Daphne Zuniga's paternal heritage is Guatemalan. There are also significant numbers of people with this surname in Ecuador, Colombia, Peru, and surrounding countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2927825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927825" title="Georgia Gwinnett College">
Georgia Gwinnett College

Georgia Gwinnett College (commonly called Georgia Gwinnett or simply GGC) is a four-year public college in Gwinnett County, Georgia, United States and a member of the University System of Georgia.
Georgia Gwinnett College opened on August 18, 2006 as one of the nation's first four-year public college founded in the 21st century, and the first four-year public institution created in Georgia in more than 100 years. It has grown rapidly from its original 118 students in 2006 to nearly 10,000 in 2013.
History.
Georgia Gwinnett College opened its doors on August 18, 2006, as Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue, GGC President Daniel J. Kaufman, Georgia Board of Regents Chairman Allan Vigil, U.S. Representative John Linder and GGC Foundation Chairman Glenn White cut the ceremonial ribbon for the nation’s first four-year public college founded in the 21st century. and the first four-year public institution created in Georgia in more than 100 years.
Recognizing that Gwinnett was the largest county east of the Mississippi River lacking a four-year college, the County purchased 160 acres of land located off Georgia 316 and Collins Hill Road in 1994 and designated it specifically for the development of a college campus. Five years later, the Georgia Legislature showed their support by allocating nearly $20 million for the signature building which serves as the focal point on the campus today.
The following year, Gwinnett County donated the 160 acres to establish the Gwinnett University Center (GUC), a partnership among several state institutions. Before the year ended, the Board of Regents would approve a unique public-private venture to construct the first classroom building on the new campus. The new 120,000 square-foot building was constructed in a record 10 months and by January 2002, the College’s predecessor, the Gwinnett University Center, would open its doors.
In October 2004, the Georgia Board of Regents voted to create a new four-year college in Gwinnett County, which had doubled in population in each of the past three decades and was home to nearly 700,000 people. The new college would inhabit the GUC campus and replace the four institutions then offering courses on the site.
In March 2005, the Georgia General Assembly passed Senate Resolution 33, authored by Sen. Don Balfour, establishing a new college in Gwinnett County. That same year, Gov. Perdue deferred a $5 million appropriation in the 2006 state budget for a 29,000 square-foot classroom building.
In September 2005, the Board of Regents hired Dr. Daniel J. Kaufman, a retired Army brigadier general, as the College’s inaugural president. A month later, the Board voted to name the institution, “Georgia Gwinnett College.”
Before the end of the year, the Board of Regents approved several initial bachelor degree programs: Bachelor of Science with a major in Biology; a Bachelor of Science with a major in Psychology; a Bachelor of Science in Education with a major in Early childhood Education (including eligibility for certification in special education); a Bachelor of Applied Science with a major in Technology Management; a Bachelor of Business Administration with a major in General Business and Marketing; a Bachelor of Science in Radiologic Technology and a Bachelor of Science in Nursing.
In 2006, Georgia Gwinnett College opened its doors to 118 juniors as its first students. The following fall, the College’s first freshman class joined GGC. In 2008, the College held its inaugural commencement ceremony, graduating 17 students. In January 2009, Georgia Gwinnett College held its first winter graduation ceremony.
In May 2009, with Gen. David H. Petraeus, U.S. commander of Central Command, as the commencement speaker, GGC graduated 38 students. In June 2009, the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools granted Georgia Gwinnett its initial accreditation in record time, giving the College the ability to apply for research grants and awards from foundations for students and faculty members, and expand its degree programs. GGC now also offers majors in Early Childhood Education, History, Exercise Science, Mathematics, Nursing, Special Education, English, Political Science and Criminal Justice/Criminology.
When the doors opened for fall semester 2009, more than 3,000 students were on campus.
In the summer of 2010, GGC celebrated the opening of its new Library and Learning Center and its first student residence halls, transforming the commuter college into a residential campus. More than 5,300 students enrolled for the 2010 fall semester. The new GGC Student Center opened in January 2011. A new laboratory building opened in August 2011 to serve the college’s dramatically expanding enrollment, which reached 9,400 in fall 2012.
In early 2013, the college broke ground on its Allied Health and Sciences Building, future home of the School of Science and Technology and the newly formed School of Health Sciences and its nursing program, which will begin in the fall 2014 semester. The 2012-13 academic year was the Grizzlies’ first season of official intercollegiate competition in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, and marked the completion of the varsity athletics facilities.
On March 22, 2013, GGC President Daniel J. Kaufman was named as the new president of the Gwinnett Chamber of Commerce. Kaufman, who had been president of GGC since the institution’s founding in 2005, stepped down from his role on June 30, 2013. University System of Georgia Chancellor Hank Huckaby announced that he had appointed Dr. Stanley “Stas” Preczewski, then-vice president for academic and student affairs at GGC, to serve as interim president. In May of 2014, Chancellor Hank Huckaby announced that the Board of Regents approved his recommendation to name Dr. Preczewski, the new permanent president of Georgia Gwinnett College.
The college now enrolls almost 10,000 students.
Campus.
The current campus consists of buildings A, B, and C that are used for classes and activities. There is also a Wellness Center (Building F), Administration building (Building D), and several student residence buildings. The newest buildings on campus include a Library and Learning Center, a Student Center, and an Instructional Lab Facility (Building H) soon to be incorporated into the Allied Health and Sciences building, now under construction.
Academics.
For the 2013 academic year, Georgia Gwinnett College was ranked 58th among regional southern colleges and universities by "U.S. News & World Report". GGC has full accreditation from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS), and received this accreditation in record time. The college has been fully accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges since June 25, 2009. In addition, the School of Education is completely accredited by Georgia Professional Standards for teachers education.
The college is classified as a Baccalaureate college by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education.
GGC offers 39 concentration in 13 majors. In 2014, GGC will offer bachelor degrees in Nursing and Chemistry. The college offers bachelor degrees in Biology, Business Administration, Criminal Justice/Criminology, Early Childhood Education, English, Exercise Science, History, Information Technology, Mathematics, Nursing, Political Science, Psychology and Special Education. There are teacher certification tracks in some programs for students interested in teaching at the secondary level.
Campus Life.
GGC has nearly 10,000 students, with campus housing for more than 1,000. There are more than 80 student organizations and a very active Student Government Association. The college's location near the charming downtown of Lawrenceville, and its convenient access to the big-city amenities of Atlanta and the many recreational opportunities in the Georgia mountains make it attractive to a wide variety of students. GGC has the second most diverse student body in the University System of Georgia, and it enrolls students representing 70 nations.
Organization.
A new model in public higher education, Georgia Gwinnett College, located in Lawrenceville, is an access institution built from the ground up to facilitate student success - its hallmark. It has achieved retention rates comparable to state universities. It also has a unique organizational structure that omits academic departments and other units typically found in higher education. Under the leadership of a president and cabinet, the college has several administrative divisions and schools, including:
Faculty.
The current student-to-faculty ratio for the college is 40:1. Faculty at Georgia Gwinnett College are not eligible for tenure but are instead hired through renewable one- to five-year contracts. The college emphasizes faculty/student mentorship. Whoever keeps changing the ratio to 20:1 please stop because it is not.
Athletics.
Georgia Gwinnett teams, nicknamed the Grizzlies, are part of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA), primarily competing as an Independent of the Association of Independent Institutions (AII). Men's sports include baseball, soccer and tennis; while women's sports include soccer, softball and tennis.
In 2008, GGC students selected the grizzly bear as the college's official mascot; the mascot's name is General, in honor of the college's founding president, Dr. Daniel J. Kaufman, who served as a brigadier general in the U.S. Army.
In 2013, the college completed a $13 million athletic complex that includes a soccer field, baseball and softball fields and an athletics building for lockers, coaches and athletic staff offices. In August 2011, Dr. Darin Wilson was hired as the first director of athletics for Georgia Gwinnett College. The Grizzlies compete in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="2927828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927828" title="Nrityagram">
Nrityagram

Nrityagram is India's first modern Gurukul (residential school) for Indian classical dances and an intentional community in the form of a dance village, set up by Odissi dancer Protima Gauri in 1990. The residential school offers training in Indian classical dance forms, Odissi, Mohiniattam, Kathak, Bharatnatyam, Kuchipudi, Kathakali and Manipuri, eight hours a day, six days a week for seven year, following the ancient Guru-shishya tradition. Designed by Gerard da Cunha, the community is situated near Hesaraghatta Lake 30 km away from Bangalore. Today the Nrityagram Dance Ensemble has performed across India, in many countries abroad.
History.
The word Nrityagram, literally translated, means “dance village,” and in founder, Protima Gauri's own words,
Protima left Mumbai in 1989 to start the dance village, the land was given on lease by state government and by 1990 the institution had taken root, inaugurated on May 11, 1990, by the then Prime Minister, V.P. Singh. The building started coming up soon after, designed by Gerard Da Cunha, following the vernacular architecture of the region. The Nrityagram Dance Ensemble made its New York debut in 1996 and received rave reviews.
Lynne Fernandez a Delhi-based theatre actress and light designer, first came to Nrityagram in December 1995 to coordinate Surupa Sen's debut and the Nrityagram ensemble's trip abroad and after Protima suffered a mild heart attack Lynn became actively involved managing the institution, as Protima gradually withdrew. Eventually Protima formally handed over Nrityagram to Lynne Fernandez on July 10, 1997, who became the Managing Trustee of the institution. Subsequently, in August, Protima Gauri set off on her pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar and it was there that she died in the Malpa landslide, near Pithoragarh on the night of August 18, 1997. Since then, Nrityagram has grown in its stature by leaps and bounds and is known today for some of the best ensemble work in . Perfection in dance along with a high level of good technical support, leading to a complete presentation, is its trademark. Even today, gurus and students work in the fields within the Nrityagram, which has 10 acres of land, and grow their own food. Over the years, only Odissi gurukul has been functional due to paucity of funds.
Surupa Sen who first came as a student, debuted in 1995, later became artistic director of Nrityagram in 1997, and remains to date. Orissa Dance Academy (ODA) student Bijayini Satpathy who was first student of Nritya gram, is now in charge of the Odissi gurukul. Some of Nrityagram's few but meritorious students include, Pavithra Reddy, who has had her solo debut in 2003 and who will be hopefully seen in some solo pieces on a wider platform very soon. She has spent almost 12 years as a residential student at Nrityagram, and has learnt under the tutelage of Surupa Sen and Bijayini Satpathy. Ayona Bhaduri and Priyambada Patnaik are also students at this gurukul. They both joined Nrityagram in 1998 and have been a part of the ensemble since 2001.
Vasanta Habba, a cultural event organised by Nrityagram is known as the classical Woodstock of India, first started in 1994 by Protima, held on first Saturday of February every year, and soon it became the famous annual night-long festival of arts that had 40,000 visitors when it was last held in 2004. When the 2004 tsunami struck, the subsequent 2005 event was cancelled, and community hasn't been able to regroup since, though it hopes to restart it in 2011.
A 30-minute documentary on the dance village, "Nrityagram: For the Love of Dance," directed and produced by Nan Melville was premiered at the annual Dance on Camera Festival, in New York City on January 25, 2010 to which dance critic Alastair Macaulay of the "New York Times" responded, .."much of the dance footage, not least during the closing credits, is spellbinding. I wanted the film to be twice as long." 
Nrityagram Dance Ensemble.
The 1996 New York debut of the Nrityagram Dance Ensemble, with Surupa Sen, Bijayini Satpathy, Anitha Nair, Pavithra Reddy and Jaya Mukherjee was called, "one of the most luminous dance events of the year" by Jennifer Dunning, the dance critic of the "New York Times". After its New York debut, the Nrityagram Dance Ensemble has performed to sold-out shows in Hawai and Bozeman, USA, Middle East, Far East and Europe, and in time created a niche for itself in the world of dance. Today, apart from lead dancer-choreographers, Surupa Sen and Bijayini Satpathy, Pavitra Reddy, Rasmi Raj and Manasi Tripathy are the other permanent dancers of the Ensemble, and are accompanied by musicians like Swain playing the percussion instrument, "Mardala", Srinibas Satapathy’s on Bamboo flute (Bansuri) and Sanjib Kumar Kunda on the violin. Its first full-length production "Sri - In Search of the Goddess", was premiered in Delhi in 2001 and in the United States in 2002-2003, to critical acclaim. Since then it created several productions including, "Ansh", "Sacred Space" (2005), and "Separation and the Duality of the human spirit" (2008) 
By 2008, the ensemble had made 12 tours of the US, its 2006 production, "Vibhakta" (The Division), by Surupa Sen which was performed together by Surupa Sen, the artistic director, and Bijayini Satpathy was enlisted in the "The Ten Best Dance Performances of 2008" by dance critic Joan Acocella of the "The New Yorker". and prior to it in February 2008, the Ensemble had the world premiere of ""Pratima": Reflection", at New York, Joyce Theater. It has also performed at Pittsburgh Dance Council (2002). As of 2010, the ensemble members included, Surupa Sen, Bijayini Satpathy, Pavithra Reddy, Rasmi Raj and Manasi Tripathy.
Temple of dedication.
A thoughtfully evolved temple ("pictured"), built in 1998, welcomes people to the Nrityagram, near Hesaraghatta Lake, it depicts the image of Kelucharan Mohapatra, guru of founder Protima Bedi in a dancing pose. The caption given for the picture states: 
"Temple at Nrityagram. Fashioned from the raw mud of Nrityagram and fired after it was built, the temple is dedicated to space. It is decorated with panels depicting the elements, dance motifs, mudras and designs from costumes and ghungroos. Inside is a granite rock scooped out to hold water and a flame that stays lit."

</doc>
<doc id="2927830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927830" title="Marymount School of New York">
Marymount School of New York

Marymount School of New York, USA, is a college preparatory, independent, Catholic day school for girls, founded by Mother Joseph Butler in 1926 as part of a network of schools directed by the Religious of the Sacred Heart of Mary. The school enrolls students in classes Nursery through XII. Marymount's mission statement reads in part, 
"The religious traditions of the School provide a foundation for articulating and exploring questions of personal integrity, ethical decision-making, and social justice. While committed to its Catholic heritage, Marymount School respects the religious diversity of the community and seeks to give all students a deeper understanding of the role of the spiritual in life, an appreciation of individual religious traditions, and a commitment to service."
Marymount has 100% of each graduating class accepted to four-year universities in the U.S. and abroad.
History.
The houses at 1026-1028 Fifth Avenue were built in 1901. They were works of Charles P.H. Gilbert and of architects Van Vleck & Goldsmith. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999; the listing included three contributing buildings.
Houses 1026 and 1027 were designed by Van Vleck & Goldsmith; house at 1028 was designed by Gilbert. Joseph Van Vleck (1876-1942) and Goldwin Goldsmith were architectural partners.
Marymount School was founded in 1926 as one of a worldwide network of schools directed by the Religious † of the Sacred Heart of Mary, an international order of women established in 1849 in Béziers, France. In 1903, Mother Joseph Butler, RSHM, was assigned to the United States. Mother Butler purchased the Florence Vanderbilt estate at 1028 Fifth Avenue in 1926 and founded Marymount School of New York.
In 1936 the adjoining Pratt mansion at 1027 Fifth Avenue was acquired, and in 1950, the school purchased the Dunlevy Milbank property at 1026. The three turn-of-the-century Beaux-Arts buildings at 1026-1028 Fifth Ave. occupy approximately half the block between 83rd and 84th Streets on Fifth Avenue. 
In the past two decades, the school has experienced expansion in size and in program. A gymnasium was built on the roof of the three buildings in 1984, and in 1994, three science labs were created on the top floors of two of the buildings. In August 1999, Marymount purchased a townhouse at 2 East 82nd Street to serve as the home of the Middle School. The new site opened in 2002 and houses Classes IV through VII. Sixteen other Marymount schools exist in the United States, Mexico, Colombia and elsewhere.
Academics.
Marymount's Upper School (Classes VIII-XII) offers a curriculum of required courses and electives. Honors courses are offered in all major academic disciplines. Field trips drawing upon the resources of New York City, and classes regularly held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art (directly across Fifth Avenue), enrich the program. It is one of the only all girls schools in New York that has a fabrication lab. 
Membership and accreditation.
Marymount is chartered by the New York State Board of Regents and accredited by the New York State Association of Independent Schools. The school holds memberships in the National Association of Independent Schools, the Educational Records Bureau, the Independent School Admissions Association of Greater New York, the National Catholic Educational Association, and the National Coalition of Girls’ Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="2927835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927835" title="John S. Davidson Fine Arts Magnet School">
John S. Davidson Fine Arts Magnet School

John S. Davidson Fine Arts Magnet School is a public magnet school for the fine and performing arts located in downtown Augusta, Georgia, USA. It draws students in grades 6 through 12 throughout Richmond County. In addition to a basic curriculum of college preparatory and Advanced Placement academic courses, Davidson offers academic and fine arts courses in the areas of visual arts, music, chorus, dance, cinema production, and theatre. In addition to being recognized as a National Grammy Signature School, the school has been ranked as the #1 school in the state of Georgia and has also placed in the top 100 tier of "Newsweek's" "America's Best High Schools."
History.
Davidson was founded in 1934 by John S. Davidson, a local educator. It was as an elementary school from 1934 until 1981. In 1998, Davidson moved from its original site to a new campus one block away between 12th and 13th Street, Walton Way and Telfair Street. Prior to this, the campus had been split across the original building, a converted police substation, several portable classrooms, and a renovated iron works building, spreading across three city blocks. At the time, it crossed the Augusta Canal's second level. Moving to the new location granted a view of the canal's third level. 
The new location has a theater for art performances. Due to student demand, the original stained glass windows created by the class of 1983 were also moved to the new location. The school is within walking distance of historical landmarks in Augusta, including Sacred Heart Cultural Center and the Augusta Canal's first level.
Davidson's mascot.
Initially, instead of having a mascot to represent the school, every grade was assigned a color. When all the colors combined, they formed a rainbow symbolizing the unity, diversity, and creativity of Davidson. In 2006, after the success of their swimming team, the school administration created an official mascot for sporting competitions. In a school-wide vote, the mascot "Titans" was chosen. Although the official mascot is the Titans, each grade is still represented by a color. The colors for each grade are:
Admissions.
Admission to Davidson is based upon previous grades and an audition to determine interest and aptitude in the fine arts. Middle school students audition in all of the fine arts areas and high school students are auditioned in up to two fine arts areas. Additionally, classes admitted to Davidson are admitted by racial quotas (45% African American, 45% Caucasian, and 10% other). Overall, there are on average about 700 students split equally between all classes.
Awards and recognition.
During the 2004–05 school year, Davidson was recognized with the Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence by the U.S. Department of Education, the highest award a U.S. school can receive.
The school has consistently been named as one of the best in the state of Georgia, and was named the number one academic school in the state each year from 1996 to 2009, a feat due almost exclusively to the high achievement of the students the school accepts. The school is also known for its music program; the Davidson Concert Chorale has been named among the best high school choral classes in the nation. In 2004, Davidson was selected by the Grammy Foundation as the Grammy Signature School and granted the program $25,000.
Awards and recognitions include:

</doc>
<doc id="2927838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927838" title="Port of Victoria (Seychelles)">
Port of Victoria (Seychelles)

Port of Victoria, is located in Seychelles, an archipelago in the Indian Ocean, northeast of Madagascar. Port-Victoria has no fixed handling equipment. Ships are handled through ship's gear by the private stevedores. Victoria (sometimes called Port Victoria) is the capital city of the Seychelles (smallest African capital) and is situated on the north-eastern side of Mahé, which is the main island of the archipelago. The city was first established as the seat of the British colonial government. As of 2009, the population is 25,000 (for Greater Victoria, which includes the suburbs), out of the population of 84 000. Victoria is served by Seychelles International Airport (completed in 1971.)
The principal exports of Victoria are vanilla, coconuts, coconut oil, tortoise shell, soap, and guano.
Attractions in the city include a clocktower modelled on that of Vauxhall Clock Tower in London, England, the Courthouse, the Victoria Botanical Gardens, the Victoria National Museum of History, the Victoria Natural History Museum and the Sir Selwyn Selwyn-Clarke Market. The city is also home to the national stadium and a polytechnic institute, while the inner harbour lies immediately east of the town, around which tuna fishing and canning form a major local industry. One of the largest bridges in Victoria was destroyed in the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake.
Victoria proper is composed of parts of three Districts of Seychelles:
Greater Victoria encompasses these three, and five more of the 25 Districts of Seychelles as follows:
Although it is the capital of the Seychelles, Victoria on Mahe island is not a large city. It was originally settled in 1778 by the French but was eventually named after Queen Victoria. There is an old part of town with narrow streets and dilapidated colonial buildings, and a new part of the city with wider avenues and tropical gardens. The centre of the city is pinpointed by the clock tower, a copy of the Little Ben outside Victoria station in London, next to which stands the court house. The Anglican and Roman Catholic cathedrals are just a couple of blocks away from one another, but they are both outdone by the impressive Capuchin House, a seminary for priests. A more lively pleasure is to be found at the morning market where the stalls are stacked with tropical fruits, spices and freshly caught fish.

</doc>
<doc id="2927839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927839" title="Ivan Panin">
Ivan Panin

Ivan Nikolayevitsh Panin (12 December 1855 – 30 October 1942) was a Russian emigrant to the United States who achieved fame for claiming to have discovered numeric patterns in the text of the Hebrew and Greek Bible and for his published work based on his subsequent research.
Biography.
Ivan Nikolayevitsh Panin was born in Russia on 12 December 1855. Having participated in plots against the Czar at an early age, he was exiled and emigrated first to Germany and then to the United States. Professing to be "self taught", in 1878 he entered Harvard University. After 4 years, he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree. During the first year of his university studies he took a few mathematics courses but didn't excel. After graduation in 1882 he became known for his lectures on Russian literature.
He also converted from Agnosticism and Nihilism to Christianity. His work embraces the concept of the omnipresence of God.
In 1890, Panin claimed to have discovered numerical patterns in the Hebrew text of the Psalms, and soon afterwards in the Greek text of the New Testament. In 1899 Panin sent a letter to the "New York Sun" challenging his audience to disprove his thesis that the numerical structure of scripture showed its divine origin.
Thereafter, until his death in 1942, he devoted over 50 years of his life to painstakingly exploring the numerical structure of the Scriptures, generating over 43,000 hand-penned pages of analysis. A sampling of his discoveries was published, and is still being published today.
Critics of his work doubt the value of some of his findings and dismiss more evident numerical patterns as random chance. Panin's claims, that the existence of such statistical anomalies is proof of divine inspiration, are still sharply debated by skeptics of his work today. Panin used the edition of Westcott and Hort of the New Testament, as the basis for his work, but made selective use of alternative readings that those authors suggested. He even published his own version of the Greek text, claiming to have reconstructed the lost original version by his techniques; critics see this as circular reasoning, and state that it only shows that he was capable of producing patterns himself. Another criticism is that the same kind of numeric patterns can be found in any text.
Proponents of his work include well-known authors such as Chuck Missler.
Quotes.
For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it.<br> For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it.<br> For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it.<br>
– "Ivan Panin"

</doc>
<doc id="2927854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927854" title="The Immigrant (musical)">
The Immigrant (musical)

The Immigrant is a four-person chamber musical with music by Steven M. Alper and lyrics by Sarah Knapp, with a book by Mark Harelik. The show is based on Harelik's 1985 play of the same name.
A Jewish immigrant and his wife enter into the life of an American couple in Texas. In the end, there is a signal of a new start of friendship between the two families and the hope for future.
Synopsis.
Act I.
In 1909, Haskell Harelik, a young Russian-Jewish man, steps out of steerage into the port city of Galveston, Texas. Speaking no English, he wrangles together a wheelbarrow and a bunch of bananas and heads north into the great interior. When he reaches the tiny rural community of Hamilton, deep in the heart of Texas, he can go no farther. Exhaustion drops him in the front yard of Milton and Ima Perry. Acting with Christian charity, Ima convinces her husband to give Haskell a room for the night, but when she finds out Haskell is a Jew, she has second thoughts.
Six weeks later, the young immigrant is still in their home. Milton summons Haskell to his office to give him his walking papers, but he gets caught up in Haskell's innocence and excitement about this "new land," and ends up loaning him money for a new horse and wagon. Haskell quickly prospers and Milton keeps giving him assistance against his better judgement. Meanwhile, it revealed that Haskell has indeed been sending money to his wife, Leah, in Russia.
When Ima finds out that a group of boys from town have attacked Haskell on the road, her view of what she considered her good Christian community is shaken, and Milton feels he's made himself a target in the town by helping Haskell. He sets Haskell up in a new grocery store, but when Leah arrives unexpectedly from Russia, Milton and Ima both feel taken advantage of.
Haskell and Leah have moved into the attic above the grocery. Haskell has made a home for himself in Hamilton, but what feels like freedom and promise to Haskell feels like a life of isolation to Leah. Haskell tries to comfort her, but she seems inconsolable.
Act II.
Leah is pregnant with her first child, but is unhappy. Haskell sends her to visit the Perrys. Ima and Leah realize how much they have in common. While Leah's need for a mother and Ima's need for child bring them together, Haskell and Milton still can't settle their differences. Nonetheless, they form a father-son relationship.
Ima urges Milton to get baptized, but Milton refuses. Haskell and Leah have three more kids. However, when Haskell accidentally insults Milton during dinner, Milton storms out of the house. He isn't heard from for a long while, and Haskell goes to find him.
They find Milton, who's immobilized by a stroke. With difficulty, Haskell thanks Milton for saving his life. Only after Haskell leaves does Milton mumble "goodbye."
After Milton dies unbaptized, Ima is desolate and runs to Leah's arms for comfort. Haskell brings home a young sapling to plant in hope of their salvation. The story ends as Haskell, Ima, and Leah gather around the young tree, pressing their hopes and their faith into its new leaves, knowing it will outlive them all.
Musical numbers.
°On the cast recording, "Shabbos" is listed instead of "Safe and Sound".
Background.
The show is based on the story of Harelik's Jewish grandparents, Matleh and Haskell Harelik, who traveled to Galveston, Texas to escape pogroms of Eastern Europe in 1909.
Productions.
"The Immigrant: A New American Musical" was developed off-off-Broadway at CAP-21 and appeared for a limited, two-week run at the CAP-21 Theatre in 2000. The cast featured Evan Pappas as Haskell Harelik, Jacqueline Antaramian as Leah Harelik, Walter Charles as Milton Perry, and Cass Morgan as Ima Perry.
The musical underwent more changes in Denver, Colorado, and then received a production at the Westport County Playhouse in Westport, Connecticut.
A 2013 regional production of The Immigrant at Seven Angels Theatre in Waterbury, Connecticut featured Max Bisantz as Haskell, Rita Markova as Leah, and Paul Blankenship as Milton. In this production, lyricist Sarah Knapp performed the role of Ima and composer Steven M. Alper served as musical director and conductor.
2004 off-Broadway.
An off-Broadway production produced by Hello Entertainment began previews on October 8, 2004 at Dodger Stages, and officially opened on November 4, 2004. 
The show was directed by Randal Myler, with scenic design by Brian Webb, costume design by Willa Kim, lighting design by Don Darnutzer, and sound design by Peter Fitzgerald.
The show featured the same cast as the original production, though Adam Heller replaced Evan Pappas as Haskell. "The Immigrant" closed on November 28, 2004, after 29 performances. This production was nominated for two Drama Desk Awards for Outstanding Book of a Musical and Outstanding Orchestrations.
Recordings.
An original cast recording of the off-Broadway cast was released by Ghostlight Records on July 26, 2005.
Reception.
The show was generally well received, getting rave reviews from "The Denver Post", "Miami Herald", and "Chicago Sun-Times".
Laura Hitchcock claimed, in her "Curtain Up" review, "Few musicals take on religious issues and rituals in such depth and Harelik does it with subtlety and without condescension." On the score, she said that "Alper and Knapp's music hauntingly utilizes the Klezmer and ethnic themes to project Haskell's roots." "The New York Times" review mentioned that "The Immigrant" is a "deeply satisfying new musical, with much on its mind about history, humanity, man and God and the American Dream, is beckoning to theatergoers with a taste for rich characters in a tale that touches the heart, glows with humor and soothes the ear."

</doc>
<doc id="2927856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927856" title="Akgul Amanmuradova">
Akgul Amanmuradova

Akgul Charievna Amanmuradova (; born June 23, 1984 in Tashkent) is a professional female tennis player from Uzbekistan. 
In 2005, she reached her first-ever WTA singles final at the Tashkent Open, held in the capital of her home country, where she was the runner-up to 16-year-old Michaëlla Krajicek of the Netherlands. She repeated this performance in 2009, where she lost the finals to Shahar Pe'er of Israel. In 2011, she reached her biggest ITF singles final at the President's Cup held in Astana, Kazakhstan. where she was beaten by Vitalia Diatchenko of Russia.
Career.
2000–2004.
Akgul played her first-ever match on the WTA Circuit in her home town of Tashkent. She lost in the first round of qualifying. She received main draw wildcard into the same tournament the in 2001, however she lost to eventual finalst Seda Noorlander of the Netherlands 6–4, 6–2. She received a cheque for $1,000 after this match, the biggest of her tennis career.
Akgul played her first ITF Tournaments in 2002, she managed to reach the semi finals in Mysore and finals in Manila and Hyderabad, both times losing to Sania Mirza. She played for Uzbekistan in the Fed Cup for the first time at the age of 18, she beat three of her four group opponents. Beating Thailand, The Philippines and Hong Kong but losing to Akiko Morigami of Japan. She ended 2002 with a Singles record of 18–7 and a ranking of 665.
2003 was a successful year for Amanmuradova, winning four singles titles including a $25,000 ITF Tournament in Mumbai. She also secured victories in Incheon, Pune and another in Mumbai. <br>
She ended the year with a singles record of 36–8 and a singles ranking of 405.
Akgul played in the 2004 Fed Cup but lost all three of her matches including a defeat by India's Sania Mirza. Electing to play in more $25,000 tournaments Akgul experienced less success than the previous year. <br>
In August 2004 Akgul decided to play in another $10,000 tournament in Coimbra, Portugal, She battled through the first few rounds, experiencing a tricky three set match against Maša Zec Peškirič before reaching the final. Here she faced world no. 679 Irina Kotkina a player ranked almost three hundred places below Akgul. Akgul breezed through the match 6–2, 6–3 for her fifth title. <br>
The year kept getting better for Akgul as she reached two $25,000 semi finals in New Delhi and Mumbai and two more titles in Pune and Bangkok. <br>
She ended the year with a singles record of 25–13 and a ranking of 334.
2005.
In 2005 Akgul qualified for her first ever WTA Tour tournament in Pattaya City, Thailand. She made it to the second round before falling to Shahar Pe'er 6–4, 6–2. Continuing her WTA success she headed to Hyderabad in India and qualified there, before falling to world no. 65 Tamarine Tanasugarn. With this success she broke into the top 300 for the first time. <br>
In the Fed Cup Akgul won all her matches easily, without dropping more than two games per match, including a double bagel over Syria. This moved Uzbekistan into Asia/Oceania group 1 for 2006<br>
She reached semi finals in Phuket and Coimbra but her real success story came when she returned to her home town of Tashkent for the Tashkent Open. Receiving a wild card into the main draw, Amanmuradova dispatched no. 2 seed Alona Bondarenko in straight sets. She then proceeded to knock out Galina Voskoboeva, Elena Vesnina and Maria Elena Camerin all of whom were ranked much higher than her. This brought Akgul to her first WTA Final against Michaëlla Krajicek. Akgul fought hard for her homecrowd but ultimately wasn't skilled enough to win losing: 6–0, 4–6, 6–3. This run pushed Akgul into the top 200 for the first time. <br>
She ended 2005 with a singles record of 23–15 and a ranking of 193.
2006.
Akgul received a wild card entry into the Australian Open where she defeated Dally Randriantefy in three sets in the first round. In the second round she faced 17th seed Daniela Hantuchová and was defeated 6–4, 6–1. <br>
Akgul then tried to qualify for Pattaya City and Bangalore but lost in the qualifying tournaments. Akgul represented Uzbekistan in the Fed Cup again this time playing in the Asia/Oceania Group 1. Akgul lost to Samantha Stosur of Australia and Mi Yoo of South Korea. Uzbekistan was made to play New Zealand in the relegation play-off and Akgul was matched up against Marina Erakovic. She lost 7–5, 6–1 and Uzbekistan was relegated. <br>
Akgul tried to qualify for Wimbledon, the French open and the US Open but lost in the qualifying tournaments. Akgul returned to Tashkent but failed to replicate her run from last year, falling to Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round, this meant she would fall out of the top 200 for the first time in 2006. <br>
In November 2006 Akgul headed to Shanghai to play the Shanghai $50,000 tournament. She played very well here and defeated the first, third and fifth seeds to reach the final. Here she faced Tamarine Tanasugarn once again, and once again she was unable to defeat her, losing 6–3, 6–3. At the very end of 2006 Akgul reached the final at Pune a tournament she had won two times before. However she was forced to retire with a knee strain whilst trailing 7–6, 4–2. <br>
She ended the year with a 21–21 record and a ranking of 227.
2007.
She began the year by losing in the qualifying tournament at the Australian Open, this meant a significant drop in rankings as she had reached the second round in the previous year. <br>
In March 2007 Akgul headed to the $25,000 ITF Mumbai Tournament, which she won for the third time in her career, dispatching Stefanie Vögele in the final. <br>
At the French Open she managed to qualify by defeating María José Argeri, Evgeniya Rodina and Gréta Arn. In the first round she faced world no. 74 Vania King who she defeated in a tight match 7–6, 4–6, 6–3. In the second round Akgul came up against world no. 10 Nicole Vaidišová who she lost to 6–2, 6–4. This success boosted her ranking back into the top 200, reaching a career high of 141. <br>
In July 2007 Akgul headed to Cincinnati. Here she managed to qualify and make it to the semi finals defeating Bethanie Mattek along the way. However she lost to Akiko Morigami in the semi final 6–7, 6–4, 6–3, the same girl she had lost to in the fed cup five years prior. This success pushed her ranking up to 108, she was knocking on the door of the top 100. <br>
After another good performance in Tashkent Amanmuradova moved into the top 100 for the first time. She ended the year with a record of 32–20 and a ranking of 97.
2008.
She began the year with a direct acceptance into the Australian Open, the first time she had ever been accepted straight into a grand slam. She lost in the first round to 26th seed Victoria Azarenka 6–2, 7–5. <br>
Playing in the fed cup Amanmuradova defeated Yung-Jun Chan of Chinese Taipei and Tamarine Tanasugarn of Thailand for a chance of promotion. However she lost to Marina Erakovic of New Zealand in the promotion play off. <br>
At Pattaya City Amanmuradova managed to make it to the semi finals, losing to American Jill Craybas 6–4, 6–0. After this she rose to a career high of 85. <br>
In Berlin Amanmuradova managed to qualify for the premier event. After knocking out Aravane Rezaï of France, Akgul faced world no. 2 Ana Ivanovic, the first time she had played a top five player. She held her own, pushing the first set to a tie-break before losing the match: 7–6, 6–2. <br>
Akgul was filled with confidence and playing some of her best tennis, at the 2008 İstanbul Cup she made it to the semi finals defeating Nadia Petrova en route. Here she fell to world no. 7 Elena Dementieva. After this she reached her highest ever ranking of 50. For the rest of the year she didn't excel as much as previously. She made it to the second round of the French Open for the second year running. She represented Uzbekistan at the Beijing Olympics losing to Francesca Schiavone in the first round. <br>
She ended the year with a 22–29 singles record and a ranking of 80.
2009.
Akgul began the year by reaching the second round at the Australian Open, defeating Melanie Oudin in the first round before falling to María José Martínez Sánchez. 
Her ranking slipped throughout the year as she had little success on the WTA Tour. She went to play at the $100,000 Biarritz event and reached the semi-finals, defeating world no. 86 Mathilde Johansson in the process, before falling to Julia Görges. The next week she reached another semi-final at a $50,000 tournament in Contrexéville. 
She returned to the WTA Tour, but had little success until her home tournament, the Tashkent Open where she reached her second WTA Tour final. She defeated Stefanie Vögele and Yaroslava Shvedova in straight sets en route to the final. In the final she was defeated by Shahar Pe'er 6–3, 6–4.
Akgul and partner Ai Sugiyama won the 2009 Aegon International at Eastbourne. This is the only WTA Premier event played on grass. She also won the $100,000 ITF doubles tournament in Cueno alongside Darya Kustova. 
She ended the 2009 season ranked 85 with a win-loss record of 25–27.
2010.
Amanmuradova began the year with three consecutive losses in qualifying at the 2010 Brisbane International and the 2010 Medibank International Sydney. She then followed this up with a first round loss at the 2010 Australian Open to Croatian Karolina Šprem 6–0, 7–6.
At the first round of the 2010 PTT Pattaya Open Amanmuradova was forced to retire with an abdominal strain whilst trailing Sabine Lisicki 6–0. 
In doubles Amanmuradova had a successful start to the year, reaching the semi finals of the 2010 Brisbane International alongside Yung-Jan Chan. After this Amanmuradova rose to her career high in doubles: 36.
Ammanmuradova then had some recent success in singles as she has qualified for the 2010 BNP Paribas Open after defeating Chanelle Scheepers 6–3, 5–7, 6–1 and Patricia Mayr 6–2, 6–0. In the first round she was defeated by Tsvetana Pironkova 6–3, 6–2.
Amanmuradova then lost to Tsvetana Pironkova again the following week, this time in the first round of the qualifying draw of the 2010 Sony Ericsson Open 6–2, 6–2.
Amanmuradova then qualified for the main draw of the 2010 Internazionali BNL d'Italia by defeating Giulia Gatto-Monticone 6–2, 6–1 and Chanelle Scheepers 6–0, 7–6. She then lost to 12th seed Flavia Pennetta in the first round 6–2, 6–3.
Akgul then qualified for a Premier Mandatory event in Madrid, the 2010 Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open by defeating Roberta Vinci 7–6, 6–3 and Ayumi Morita 6–3, 6–2. She again lost in the first round, this time to Alisa Kleybanova 6–3, 6–2.
At the 2010 Polsat Warsaw Open, Akgul Amanmuradova was upset by World No.537 Natalie Grandin in the first round of the qualifying draw 6–2, 3–6, 6–1.
Amanmuradova then flew to Paris to compete at the 2010 French Open, where her ranking enabled her to be directly entered into the main draw. In the first round, Amanmuradova caused one of the biggest upsets of the day by defeating 20th seed and well established clay court player María José Martínez Sánchez 6–2, 6–4. She then defeated Johanna Larsson 7–6, 6–2 to move into the third round for the first time in her career. She then lost to Chanelle Scheepers 6–3, 6–3.
Akgul was unable to shift her good form onto the grass and suffered a first round loss at the 2010 Aegon International at Eastbourne to Jill Craybas 6–1, 6–4 and a first round loss at the 2010 Wimbledon Championships to Svetlana Kuznetsova 6–2, 6–7, 6–4.
At the 2010 Swedish Open, Akgul defeated Mariana Duque Marino in the first round 6–7, 6–4, 6–0 before falling to Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová in the second 3–6, 6–4, 6–0.
Amanmuradova then suffered two more first round losses. At the 2010 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo she was defeated again by Jill Craybas. This time it was much closer with a score of 7–6, 7–5. She then lost in the first round of the 2010 İstanbul Cup to Sorana Cîrstea 7–6, 6–3.
Amanmuradova then flew to the USA to begin preparations for the US Open and entered the first tournament in the US Open Series, the 2010 Mercury Insurance Open in San Diego. Akgul's ranking was too low for her to gain direct entry into the main draw so she had to qualify. She won her first qualifying match against Yurika Sema 6–2, 6–1 but lost her second to Chanelle Scheepers 6–7, 7–6, 6–4.
Then next tournament Akgul entered was the 2010 Western & Southern Financial Group Women's Open in Cincinnati. Again, Akgul had to qualify to enter the main draw, and this time she qualified by defeating Anna Tatishvili 6–4, 6–2 and Varvara Lepchenko 7–6, 6–4. In the first round of the main draw she upset Japanese veteran Kimiko Date-Krumm, crushing her 6–1, 6–2. In the second round she defeated Bojana Jovanovski 6–2, 6–0 to book a third round encounter with top seed and World No. 2 Jelena Janković. Despite being 112 places below Janković in the rankings, Amanmuradova won with an impressive 7–6, 6–4 score to record her first ever top 5 win. She ran out of steam in the quarterfinals, losing to another Serbian, resurgent Ana Ivanovic 6–1, 6–3.
At the US Open, Amanmuradova qualified by winning all 3 matches in the qualifying tournament. She defeated Dia Evtimova 6–1, 6–4, Fuda Ryoko 6–3, 6–3 and Valérie Tétreault 6–4, 6–3. In the first round of the main draw she defeated Chanelle Scheepers for the third time this year 6–3, 6–4. Her run was ended by No.31 seed Kaia Kanepi, losing in straight sets to the Estonian 6–2 and 6–4.
Akgul gained direct entry into the 2010 Guangzhou International Women's Open and defeated Olga Savchuk in the first round 7–5, 6–2. She was defeated in straight sets by Sania Mirza in the second round 6–4 and 6–3.
Seeded No.2 at her home tournament in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, where she made the final in 2005 and 2009, Akgul defeated Eirini Georgatou 6–4, 6–3 in the first round. In the second round she defeated American veteran Jill Craybas for the first time in her career 7–5, 6–7, 6–2. In the quarterfinals she was defeated in straight sets by No.7 seed Alla Kudryavtseva 7–6, 6–3.
She ended the year in the 100 for the 4th year in a row with a ranking of 70.
2011.
Amanmuradova failed to win a single match in Australia, losing in the first round of the 2011 Brisbane International, the 2011 Moorilla Hobart International and the 2011 Australian Open.
She won her first match of the season in Pattaya, Thailand, competing at the 2011 PTT Pattaya Open where she defeated 7th seed Zheng Jie in the first round 6–4, 7–6. She then defeated Chanelle Scheepers 6–2, 6–4 to book a quarterfinal place against No.4 seed Daniela Hantuchová. Her run ended her however after a drubbing by Hantuchová 6–2, 6–0.
She then competed at the 2011 Dubai Tennis Championships, but lost in the first round to Wildcard receiver Sania Mirza.
2012.
Akgul started-off the 2012 season falling in the qualifying draws of both Brisbane and the Australian Open. She then represented Uzbekistan at the 2012 Fed Cup in Shenzhen, China. She won her singles match against Ayu Fani Damayanti, but lost both doubles matches.
Amanmuradova then lost early in Pattaya and Kuala Lumpur, to Vera Zvonareva and Agnieszka Radwańska, respectively. She failed to qualify for the Premier Mandatory tournaments in Indian Wells and Miami, and also lost in the first round at Osprey. 
As the Clay Court season began, she managed to make it to the main draw of Charleston, but was beaten by Jill Craybas. She was given a Lucky Loser spot in Stuttgart where she upset Dominika Cibulková in round one, her biggest win since 2010. But she could not hold on to the good form, as she lost early in Budapest, Cagnes-sur-Mer and Prague. She was also beaten in the qualies at Roland Garros.
On Grass, she lost in round one of 's-Hertogenbosch. She also lost in the first round of Wimbledon, to Petra Kvitová 6–4, 6–4.
Doubles performance timeline.
"Current as far as the 2013 US Open.

</doc>
<doc id="2927869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927869" title="Fournoi Korseon">
Fournoi Korseon

Fournoi Korseon ( or - Fournoi Ikarias), more commonly simply Fournoi, is a complex or archipelago of small Greek islands that lie between Ikaria, Samos and Patmos in Ikaria regional unit, North Aegean region. The two largest islands of the complex, the main isle of Fournoi and the isle of Thymaina , are inhabited, as is Agios Minas Island to the east. On the main isle Fournoi (town) is the largest settlement and then Chrysomilia in the north the second largest (and third largest overall, after Thymaina). Fournoi (town) proper is the main ferry harbour, with ferries also landing on Thymaina.
Many of the inhabitants are fishermen, although during the summer season the population is also occupied in tourist activities, mostly room rentals and catering. On the main island are a number of beaches such as Vlychada, Vitsilia, Petrokopio, Elidaki, and Bali.
Climate.
The climate is arid and hot during summers. Winters are rather mild with average rainfall but constant strong archipelagic winds prevail.
Communication.
Communication is often interrupted during the winter period (mostly from November to April) due to bad weather, mainly strong winds. The rest of the year regular communication with the islands of Ikaria and Samos (by boat only) is available. Since 2008 a ferry coming from Samos reaches Athens stopping also in Icaria and Paros.
Settlements and islands.
The main island of Fournoi has a population of 1,320 (2011 census), or over 90 percent of the municipality's population. The only other inhabited islands are Agios Minas, and Thymaina.

</doc>
<doc id="2927876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927876" title="Anthony Bucco">
Anthony Bucco

Anthony R. Bucco (born February 24, 1938) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey State Senate since 1998, where he represents the 25th Legislative District.
Biography.
Before entering the Senate, Bucco served in the General Assembly, the lower house of the New Jersey Legislature, from 1995 to 1998, where he served as Assistant Majority Whip from 1996 to 1998.
Bucco was first selected by district Republican committee and sworn in January 1995, to fill the remainder of the unexpired term of Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, who resigned his Assembly seat following his election to Congress.
Bucco has served in the Senate as Deputy Minority Leader since 2008. He has previously been the Co-Republican Majority Leader from 2002 to 2003 and the Assistant Majority Leader from 2000 to 2001. Bucco served on the Morris County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 1989 to 1992. He was the Mayor of Boonton, New Jersey from 1984 to 1989. Bucco has served on the steering committee of the Morris County Economic Development Commission.
Bucco serves in the Senate on the Legislative Services Commission, the Budget and Appropriations Committee and the Law and Public Safety and Veterans' Affairs Committee. In January 2009, he was appointed by Senate Minority Leader Thomas Kean, Jr. as the Republican Budget Officer of the Senate. As Republican Budget Officer, Senator Bucco is the ranking Republican member of the Budget and Appropriations Committee and he is the caucus' chief spokesman on budget and state finance issues. 
In the 2009 legislative elections, Bucco's son, Tony Bucco, was elected to the seat in the General Assembly previously held by his father.
Bucco has been a resident of Boonton Township, New Jersey.
District 25.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 25th District for the 2012-2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
